THE ELIZABETH CHATER REGENCY ROMANCE COLLECTION



#3





The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #3

Kindle Edition





The Elsingham Portrait

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1979

Cover image by Mike Laptev





Angela

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1982

Cover image “Lilac” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





A Delicate Situation

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1982

Cover image “Lay thy sweet hand in mine and trust in me” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





The Reformed Rake

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1984

Cover image “Lady in a Garden” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to people living or dead is purely coincidental.



Published by Chater Publishing

Copyright Chater Publishing 2013

All rights reserved. Published with permission.



Chater Publishing would like to thank Jerry Chater for transcribing the following document.



For more information about the amazing life of Elizabeth Chater, please visit: Elizabethchater.com.



For more books from Chater Publishing, please visit: Chater Publishing.





Table of contents

THE ELSINGHAM PORTRAIT

ANGELA

A DELICATE SITUATION

THE REFORMED RAKE

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

OTHER BOOKS BY ELIZABETH CHATER





THE ELSINGHAM PORTRAIT





Elizabeth Chater





For Margaret, my first friend





Table of Contents The Elsingham Portrait

One

Two

Three

Four

Five

Six

Seven

Eight

Nine

Ten

Eleven

Twelve

Thirteen

Fourteen

Fifteen

Sixteen

Seventeen

Eighteen

Nineteen

Twenty

Twenty-One

Twenty-Two





One





Kathryn Hendrix entered the fashionable restaurant at exactly noon. Donald had said “about twelve,” but she had a horror of being late for a treat which had been drilled into her during her lonely childhood at boarding school. She went directly to the Ladies’ Lounge, aware of the eyes of the cloakroom attendant and the maître d’ staring after her, assessing the value of her four-year-old tweed suit and the matching coat from which she had removed the matted fur collar.

In the scented warmth of the lounge Kathryn checked her general appearance and her make-up. She looked neat but not striking, she decided; both her training and her own preference made her conservative.

“This is what he will see across the table in a few minutes,” she thought anxiously. A tall girl, thin, with good bones; the face narrow—well-bred but not beautiful. She frowned. The new hat she had recklessly purchased yesterday, to be worn for this luncheon, suddenly seemed wrong with the tweed coat—too bright, too frivolous. It had been an extravagance, but she had been sure that Don was going to make a formal proposal today, and Kathryn felt she could not bear to be proposed to in a brown felt hat that was two years old. So what if she had to do without desserts for a while? How often does a girl get an offer of marriage? She rallied her courage as she pulled the silly hat further to one side of her heavy knot of hair. Don was always telling her to get it cut, but she had a secret image of it covered by a soft white veil, and, later, of its shining dark length falling richly over a satin negligee . . . . No, she really didn’t want to cut it. It was her one beauty.

She felt a thrill at the thought of marrying Don. She’d met him at a large party given by one of her old school friends. When he heard her name, he had seemed interested. That evening, he had asked her to go to an art show with him. In the next few weeks they had several dates, usually for concerts or opening nights of Broadway shows where they’d be sure to see “the right people.” Don often explained to Kathryn how important it was for him to meet the right people.

He’d talked about marriage several times, but never definitely asked her. Kathryn understood that many young men didn’t make formal declarations—just took it for granted that the woman of their choice would be willing. Donald had mentioned how valuable a prudent marriage to a woman of good connections could be for a man. Kathryn, incurably honest, warned him that her father’s cousins had never paid much attention to her. In fact, since the death of both her parents in a car accident, she had hardly seen the wealthy, socially prominent branch of the Hendrix family. Don laughed and told her that what she really needed was someone with finesse to teach her how to get on in the world. He was always talking about ways to get on in the world. It made her a little embarrassed sometimes. Still, perhaps he was right. He had certainly made an unusual success of his own work. Kathryn knew nothing about the brokerage business, but Don’s salary was many times what she herself earned in her secure, if unexciting, job in the library.

She glanced at her watch, then, startled, looked again. She’d been in the lounge fifteen minutes! She hurried out into the lobby, hastily checking the people who were standing waiting for a table. Only a few people had braved the cold, blustery November day. Don wasn’t among them.

At twelve-thirty, Kathryn was the only person left standing in the lobby. The maîtré d’ approached her. “You are waiting for someone, madame?”

“Mr. Donald Madson,” Kathryn tried to put confidence in her voice. “Obviously he’s been delayed. Has he reserved a table?”

He hadn’t. “Perhaps madame would care to be seated until her escort arrives?”

“Oh, yes,” said Kathryn thankfully.

He led her to a small table near the wall. It occurred to Kathryn that perhaps he just wanted her shabby coat out of his elegant lobby. She tried to concentrate on the menu, but her eyes kept straying to the entrance in the hope of seeing Don’s trim figure. Twice a waiter came to take her order. The second time there was something in his manner which Kathryn found offensive. She had noticed a phone jack on the wall.

“Please bring me a telephone,” she asked. The waiter did so and, to her discomfort, lingered nearby. She called Don’s office.

The familiar voice of the receptionist sounded. “Barweed and Stone, Investments. May I help you?”

“Let me speak to Mr. Madson, please,” Kathryn said.

“I’m sorr-ee, Mr. Madson is in conference.”

“I must speak to—” Kathryn began.

The line went dead.

With the waiter’s eyes upon her she dialed again, her fingers clumsy with nervousness and anger.

“Barweed and Stone, Investments. May I help you?”

“This is Miss Hendrix. Mr. Madson arranged to meet me for lunch at the Rive Gauche. I’ve been waiting an hour. Has something happened to delay him?”

Now it would be all right. The silly girl would remember that Donald had asked her to phone and tell Miss Hendrix he’d be delayed.

“I’m sorr-ee. Mr. Madson left an hour ago with a client. He didn’t say where he was going. May I take a message?”

Kathryn replaced the receiver on its cradle slowly. Get out of here quickly, her mind urged. How could Don do this to me! her heart protested. Humiliation and anger churned like opposing tides, confusing her thinking.

“M’sieu has been delayed?” smirked the waiter.

Somehow Kathryn managed to gather up her gloves and handbag, push back the chair and walk to the door. She knew that everyone in the small, glittering room was staring at her, commenting, amused or perhaps pitying.

Out on the busy street she looked again at her watch. Even if she walked back to the library, she’d be in plenty of time for work . . . . Then her whole body rebelled. She’d hinted about the purpose of this date to her superior in arranging for an extra hour off; she’d been coy and mysterious with her fellow-workers, answering their interested inquiries about the new—and unsuitable!—hat. She could not face their curiosity. Physically sick with disappointment, Kathryn boarded a bus that went in the opposite direction to the library.

The bus wasn’t crowded. Kathryn took a seat beside a window on the left-hand side of the bus. The vehicle jerked and swayed its way along beside the curb. Kathryn stared, unseeing, at the passing traffic, her mind drearily shuffling through the possible explanations for Don’s conduct.

Suddenly her eye was caught by the scarlet flare of a small elegant foreign car. A red light was momentarily holding the open car beside the bus. Driving it, dressed in matching scarlet, was a laughing, dark-haired girl, an exotic little creature whose gloved hands were competent on the wheel. She was turned in Kathryn’s direction as she made some laughing comment to the man seated beside her. The man—

It was Don!

Kathryn could not mistake the small, compact body, the dark hair sleekly waved, the small ears set so neatly against the head. She had been seeing that face in her romantic visions for months. Involuntarily Kathryn beat her fist against the window of the bus in a gesture part greeting, part challenge.

“Don!” she called, and rapped sharply on the windowpane to get his attention. “Don! It’s me, Kathryn!”

The girl driving the car glanced up, caught perhaps by the flash of movement of Kathryn’s hand. Her eyes, big and dark, rested for a moment on Kathryn’s face, then returned to the street. The red light had changed to green. As Kathryn watched, the girl made some remark and gestured toward the bus. Don flashed one quick glance over his shoulder, turned back, and shrugged. The red car shot away. The bus lumbered after it like a wallowing sea cow.

Kathryn fell back against the seat. At her shoulder, a fat woman breathing chili and garlic made a comment. “Somebody you knew? Prob’ly couldn’t hear you, what with all the traffic.”

Unable to find words to answer, Kathryn got up and pushed blindly past the well-intentioned woman. She had to get out now. She felt that everyone in the bus was speculating on her behavior, perhaps laughing at her. She reached the front entrance and waited for the bus to stop at the next light. The driver didn’t open the door.

“Out!” Kathryn said sharply.

The driver grunted and swung the door open. Kathryn stumbled to the curb and began to walk along the street. Boisterous gusts of wind whipped at her, battered and jostled her, caught the tears that were flowing down her cheeks. Don’s client, the person who had been even more important than a date made with Kathryn, was a beautiful girl—young, poised, obviously wealthy. She has everything, Kathryn thought miserably, while I had only—Don . . .

To escape the buffeting wind, Kathryn turned almost blindly into a side street. The district was unfamiliar to her—but the more unfamiliar, the better. Here in this rather dingy neighborhood she would not be likely to meet anyone she knew—anyone who would wonder why Kathryn Hendrix was crying on the street in broad daylight. She walked rapidly, head bent against the icy cold. In a few moments she noticed the first drops of rain. Before she could more than register the fact, the downpour was on her. The wind whipped sharp needles of sleet into her face, down her neck, against her legs. Kathryn raised her head to look around her. Was there a bookstore, a coffee shop—anywhere to take shelter?

The street was lined with old houses, neatly kept up but far from stylish. A few small stores, intruding on the houses, revealed that this was a neighborhood in transition. The rain came down harder.

“My new hat will be ruined,” Kathryn thought. But what did it matter? Who was to see it, who to care? Still, she would be more than foolish to risk a bad cold. She had her job to think of—the job she would have to keep for the rest of her life. She looked around for some temporary refuge from the storm. A flash of brilliant color caught her eye. A small store had a painting on display in its single window. Stretched above both door and window, a sign proclaimed that this was the Moderan Gallery.

The picture which had caught her attention represented a sun-drenched Italian fishing village, with little pastel houses spilling crazily down the steep hillside to a smiling blue bay. And flowers everywhere—on roofs, hanging from outside stairways and windows, flourishing along the edge of the sand near the cliff. Without another thought, Kathryn turned into the gallery.

The interior was at first disappointing. Rows of cheap plywood screens held canvases of different sizes: seascapes, landscapes, portraits. The wooden floor was scarred and rather dirty. The light was poor. Kathryn was wondering whether she wanted to wait in this depressing place until the rain stopped, when a lighted portrait on the back wall caught her eye. She moved toward it, as much from reluctance to go back into the storm as from any desire to examine the picture.

It was a full-length portrait of a woman in elaborate eighteenth century costume. The first impression was of warmth and brilliant light. The dress was golden satin, the skirt extravagantly wide with ruffles of heavy gold lace on the overdress, and more lace and jeweled flowers embroidered on the bodice and underskirt. The bodice was cut revealingly low, exposing rounded flesh whose tones of apricot and cream had been stroked onto the canvas with obvious admiration by the artist. The woman’s hair, built to a ridiculous height in the fashion of the late seventeen hundreds, was a blaze of titian red, so crimped and puffed and bejeweled that it seemed an artificial headdress rather than a woman’s hair.

And then Kathryn raised her eyes to the face.

The woman had the most arrogantly beautiful countenance she had ever seen. Sensuality pouted in the full lips, pride flared in the exquisite curl of the nostrils, and the eyes—Kathryn felt a shiver of emotion ripple along her flesh as she met the challenge of those strange, light green eyes framed in long black lashes. The eyes caught hers, held them . . .

Deliberately Kathryn forced herself to look away, telling herself she wished to know who had painted this very life-like portrait—refusing to admit that the bold, pale green stare had frightened her. Near the foot of the portrait, where the painted pattern of a rich Turkish carpet served as a background, the artist had scrawled his signature: Adrian Bart. Kathryn had never heard of him, yet she thought that if he had painted many pictures as disturbingly alive as this one, the world should surely have been aware of his name. All the time she was bending to decipher the signature, Kathryn felt the pull of those arrogant eyes above her. Adrian Bart had employed a technique which Kathryn had heard of, painting the eyes of his subject so they seemed to follow the viewer wherever he went. Reluctantly Kathryn looked up and met the green eyes a second time.

Now she was sure of it. That hard, mocking stare was evil. It was putting some kind of spell on her—drawing her . . . Kathryn moved back a few steps involuntarily, putting distance between herself and the portrait. It was then she noticed a card tacked to the wall beside the picture frame.

LADY NADINE ELSINGHAM

by Adrian Bart

1774

And in smaller letters: “On loan from the Merlin Galleries, London.”

Irresistibly the shallow green eyes drew Kathryn’s glance. So alive, so insolent they were! What kind of female had she been, this titled Englishwoman in the absurd costume? Kathryn tried to overcome the effect of the eyes by laughing at the archaic dress and absurd hair style of the subject. She found she could not keep her eyes from the other woman’s face. She gave in and fastened her own gaze on the green eyes that seemed to be drawing her, drawing . . . There was a moment when she felt dizzy, faint—when the dirty floor seemed to shift beneath her feet—the very world turned—

“It can’t be an earthquake!” she heard herself say, and then . . .

*****



She was standing on a deep-piled Turkish carpet. Instead of the bleak gray half-light of the Moderan Gallery, a warm yellow glow filled the air around her. She lifted her eyes to the portrait—Yes, thank goodness, it was still there in front of her, the green eyes seeming brighter in the exquisite, evil face. And then she glanced down—and the world whirled around her again. Incredibly, insanely, she was dressed in a copy of that extravagant golden satin costume. Gasping in the heated air, Kathryn stared wildly around her.

She was standing on a square platform—a landing half-way up a staircase. On either side of her, wide, richly-carpeted stairs swept up to a railed gallery. Everywhere candles burned in lustered holders and sconces, providing the mellow light she had noticed. Gold-framed paintings hung on the silk-paneled walls. A huge bowl of flowers graced a table in front of the portrait. This was not the picture gallery! How had she come to this place? Who had put this costume on her?

Kathryn caught a flash of movement at the edge of her vision. She glanced up at the railed gallery. A woman, tall, gaunt, dressed all in black even to the cap closely framing her face, was staring down from the shadows of a pillar above. There was a rigidity—almost an agony of purpose—in her posture. At her shoulder stood a slender man whose dark hair fell across his forehead in casual disarray. Kathryn glimpsed the whiteness of his hand on the woman’s dark sleeve. Then they moved back out of sight. There was a furtive air to their behavior.

But—this was madness! Kathryn turned and looked down the broad central stairway that led into a spacious, beautifully furnished hall. At the front door, a footman in a powdered wig was ushering in a tall man, taking his hat and cape obsequiously. The man turned his head, his hair shining gold in the candlelight, and saw Kathryn.

He came forward politely a few steps, and sketched a bow, but there was no smile of welcome on his face. He said coolly, “Admiring your portrait, milady?” and made to enter one of the rooms which had opened off the hallway.

“Wait!” Kathryn stretched out a hand to him. Her mind was in wild confusion, striving to understand the situation in which she found herself, to make some kind of rational pattern out of the unbelievable reports of her senses. Somehow she had the conviction that this man, with his hard level gaze now meeting hers directly, would be a rock and a refuge for anyone lucky enough to be his friend. Was there something familiar about his face? The mouth, strong yet sensitive; the forehead, broad; the chin, decisive; the eyes arrogant beneath level brows—a strong man, not easily deceived. If he would help her . . .

“Where am I?” she faltered. “What am I doing here?”

The man frowned suddenly and began to turn away.

“Please! You must help me!” Kathryn took a step forward, catching the look of surprise and, yes, dislike on the man’s face. Abruptly the surprise changed to alarm. For Kathryn was falling . . . falling down the strange, beautiful stairway . . . into blessed darkness.





Two





When Kathryn came to her senses, she was being carried along a beautifully furnished corridor in the arms of the golden-haired man. She stared over his shoulder, trying to orient herself. Marble statues and urns of fresh flowers were set in niches; candles blazed on the silk-paneled walls. Kathryn’s cheek rested against a strong shoulder covered with cloth of dark blue material. She attempted to move, and a sharp agony went through her arm. She gasped. Through a fog of pain she heard the man’s voice.

“You have hurt your arm, ma’am. It will be best if you lie quiet. I’ll have you to your abigail in a moment.”

‘Abigail’? Kathryn raised her eyes to the man’s face. Yes, it was the same golden-haired man who had entered the door just before she fainted. He was glancing down at her. Beneath a wide forehead, clear gray eyes watched her steadily. His face was handsome in a strong, masculine way: firm-lipped, firm-jawed. A newly-healed scar crossed his left cheek. Kathryn became aware that his features were set in an expression of controlled dislike. Dislike? But Kathryn had never seen him before. Why should he dislike her? And then the full terror of the situation swept over her, and she shut her eyes with an involuntary moan of shock.

The big man’s arms tensed. “Have I hurt you? I am sorry for it,” he muttered.

“No, it isn’t that! You’re very gentle!” Kathryn protested. “It’s just that I’m so frightened—I can’t understand any of this—” Her voice faded. The man turned into a doorway which was being held open by a flustered serving maid.

“You missed your footing at the landing, ma’am, and fell down the stairway,” the big man said quietly. “You have hurt your arm. I have sent for the doctor. I’ll leave you with your woman now.” He deposited Kathryn on a bed whose feather-softness enveloped her with a treacherous lack of support. Then he stood back, looking down at her. “I trust you will be more comfortable soon.” His voice seemed to Kathryn to hold wariness, a purely formal sympathy. As though we were enemies, she thought, with a flash of insight.

“When the doctor has seen you, I shall talk to him about your fitness to attend the reception tonight. I’ll leave you now—”

“Oh, please, don’t go!” In spite of his obvious dislike of her, Kathryn felt that his strength was the only reality she could cling to in this nightmare. “Please—just for a few minutes . . .”

The pain swept over her again, a sickening wave, and she sank back defeated into the musty-smelling feather bed. But her appeal had not been useless. The big man, frowning slightly, returned to stand beside her. He said quietly to the hovering servant girl, “Bring her ladyship’s dresser here at once. And light more candles.”

As the girl ran from the room, the man’s golden head bent over Kathryn. “Is the pain very great? What can I do for you?”

Kathryn drew a deep, shuddering breath, caught desperately at her reeling senses. “It isn’t the pain so much,” she began, holding her voice steady with a real effort of will. “It’s this house—the portrait, this body—” She shuddered, looking down at the full swell of bare breast from which rose to her nostrils a gagging odor of musky perfume. She stretched the uninjured arm out to him in involuntary appeal.

And then she really saw the arm. The hand was covered with too many ornate rings, and the nails and knuckles were grimy. “It’s dirty! This hand is dirty!” she wailed, made childish by shock and pain and terrible confusion.

The man continued to frown, but his voice was controlled and soothing. “The shock of falling, ma’am, and the pain of your arm, have disoriented your senses for the moment,” he said. “Rest quietly until Dr. Anders comes. He’ll give you something to make you feel better.” It was the tone a conscientious adult would use to a sick child.

Kathryn shook her head wearily against the pillows.

“You don’t understand,” she said. “How could you? I can’t accept any of this myself. Where am I? Is this some kind of nightmare . . . hallucination? I don’t know what’s happened to me!”

With the enforced patience of one humoring a fretful child, the man asked, “Just what is it you don’t understand, Nadine?”

Kathryn’s eyes flew wide open. “ ‘Nadine’? That’s not my name! I’m Kathryn!”

“What new trick is this?” The man drew back from the bedside, the expression of dislike clear on his face. “I warn you, Nadine: I meant what I said this morning. I have had more than I can stomach of your shifts and wiles. I can hardly believe that you would risk serious injury to try to change my mind—but in any case, it is useless. You leave for Brionny Keep in three days. Taking whomever you please with you,” he added, an angry note in his voice.

Kathryn drew a deep breath. She was dizzy with pain and shock; her head seemed to be hollow and her body, to make matters worse, began to whirl in a vertigo she could not control. But she must think clearly. Her reason was at stake. The big man was openly hostile now. He was the enemy of this woman whose body she so frighteningly was wearing. Yet his steady eyes were honest and trustworthy, and his arms had been gentle and strong. Kathryn made a last effort. Her voice came out weaker than she expected, but she did speak, holding his eyes desperately with her own.

“For God’s sake, sir—help me! I’m Kathryn Hendrix of New York City. I work in a library . . . I was looking at that portrait in a little gallery . . . and then I was here—” Her voice failed and she sank, still fighting desperately, into blackness.

What followed was an extension of the nightmare, with brief waking periods of too-bright lights and physical pain alternating with blackouts. The big man was almost always there in the background. Kathryn’s eyes sought for him in a panic whenever she was conscious, and she heard her voice pleading with him to help her, and insisting that she was KATHRYN Hendrix.

At one point she awakened to see a black-robed woman bending close above her. The mask-like face, its flat black eyes hooded under heavy folds of flesh, was staring down fixedly at her. Where had she seen that intent and rigid stare? Yes! The woman had been watching her from the shadows of the pillar when this nightmare began! It was she! There was something in those inhuman empty eyes which utterly terrified Kathryn. She screamed in fear until someone came and took the woman away.

After a period in which time stretched and telescoped unbelievably, Kathryn found herself, her shoulders supported, sipping at a cup of bitter fluid. It was being administered by a competent-looking man in a dark coat and an odd white neckcloth something like an ascot.

“You’re in costume, too,” Kathryn said, smiling at him. “We’re all in costume! Is it a masquerade?” She giggled. I’m tipsy, she thought. Isn’t this brandy he’s giving me?

The doctor glanced up inquiringly at someone near the bed. Kathryn turned to look. It was the big golden-haired man. “It’s you!” she said happily. “Thank you so much for staying. I’m not afraid when you’re here.”

“Lord Elsingham,” the doctor said, “Lady Elsingham has suffered a broken arm, and a certain amount of shock which normally accompanies the pain. She also appears feverish. I must recommend that she remain very quietly in bed for at least a week, so the arm can mend and so I can observe the course of her malady. I shall come in every day to see how she goes on. I must admit, my lord, that I don’t like this disorientation. It is not normal in the case of a simple bone fracture. Her ladyship appears to be sickening with some disease.”

He stood up and moved toward the other man. Kathryn strained to hear what they were saying.

“Is there someone reliable who can attend her ladyship?” the doctor asked. “She should not be left alone, either by night or day if she continues to be subject to this—delirium.”

“You do not think she will be well enough to leave her bed for some time, Dr. Anders?” It was more a statement than a question.

“Definitely not,” answered the doctor. He hesitated. “I understand that her ladyship had planned to visit her family’s estate in Ireland shortly?”

“That is so,” Lord Elsingham said, wondering angrily how much more was known of his private affairs, and from what source the information had come. “A more immediate problem, however, is that His Majesty has graciously accepted my wife’s invitation to attend her reception tonight. The occasion was to be the showing of a new portrait, just painted, of Lady Elsingham. I shall have to go immediately to the palace to make our excuses.”

The doctor nodded. “You may say that it is impossible for her ladyship to receive him. Tell His Majesty that we fear she may have a severe infection. That’ll keep him away—” he caught himself, then continued soberly, “I’ll not try to cozen you, my lord. Her ladyship may be in real danger. I cannot understand this persistent failure to know who she is. The threat may be—” He hesitated again, glanced sharply at Lord Elsingham.

“To her reason?” supplied the tall man.

The doctor nodded reluctantly. “This continued confusion as to her identity . . . It may be—must be— a symptom of some infection. I shall be in again to see her ladyship tomorrow morning. And if her condition worsens, send someone for me at once. Meanwhile, a competent woman must be in attendance upon your wife every moment.”

Kathryn’s mind was reeling. These men thought her delirious—or crazy! But this was a dream, wasn’t it? An unusually vivid nightmare? Dredged up from her subconscious by the pain and humiliation of Don’s rejection of her. A sort of wish-fulfillment fantasy? The golden-haired man was speaking again. Kathryn fought the sedative the doctor had given her to hear and understand what was being said. It seemed prosaic enough.

“I’ll see that your instructions are carried out,” Lord Elsingham said. “And my thanks, Dr. Anders.”

The doctor was at the bedroom door. He turned. “The woman attendant should not, I think, be my lady’s dresser. The woman seemed to put her into a frenzy.” He went out, closing the door behind him.

Lord Elsingham was frowning as his eyes met Kathryn’s. He appeared to be moved by the pleading, the raw fear, which she could not control. He said, searching her face wearily with his eyes, “Is this another one of your ploys, Nadine? A trick to avoid being sent to Ireland?”

Wordlessly, Kathryn shook her head.

“I promise you,” the man said, “I shall not change my mind. The documents of which I told you exist in my safe. You have no bargaining power. Your choice is the same: an ugly scandal, which will result in a public bill of divorcement, or your immediate removal to your home in Ireland, with a guaranteed allowance from my lawyers as long as you stay out of England. We’ve been over this so often—”

“Lord Elsingham,” Kathryn said urgently. “You are a man of education—an intelligent man. I think you are an enlightened man for—for your time. I must appeal to you as such . . .”

He was staring at her, surprise and perplexity in his expression. “Why do you persist in playing this new role? And who has schooled you to speak so differently?”

Kathryn took heart. At least she had caught his real attention, broken through the polite mask which he donned when he dealt with his wife. She paused, reaching frantically for the right words, the words which might hold his attention and convince him of the reality of this fantastic, incredible situation. She took a deep breath.

“This is literally, for me, a matter of life and sanity. May I ask for the favor of five minutes of your time—and an unbiased attitude of mind? I swear to you that this is not some trick played by a woman you have obviously come to dislike and distrust, probably with justice.” She hesitated, suddenly terrified by the unbelievable situation in which she found herself. Was she insane? Was this whole nightmare the delusion of an unbalanced mind? No! She had to believe there was some other explanation. Perhaps this man could help her—even though it was clear to her that he regarded her as his enemy.

“As one human being to another—five minutes, Lord Elsingham? With your mind open and unprejudiced by whatever has been at issue between you and—Lady Elsingham?”

He was really puzzled now. The frown which had drawn his eyebrows together had deepened, but he came toward the bed, drawing a chair close, and sat down.

“As one human being to another. I cannot deny such an appeal.”

Kathryn felt a surge of relief. At least the look of dislike had left his face momentarily, to be replaced by an expression of guarded interest. Kathryn clenched her hands together in a gesture of intense concentration. “Let me begin by asking you to listen to—a story.” Ignoring his small movement of protest, she went on quietly. “A woman had just received a painful blow to her self-image. The man she had confidently expected would propose marriage to her had revealed his lack of interest in the most humiliating way possible. The woman, blind with pain, wanders down an unfamiliar street in the rain. She takes shelter from the storm in the only available haven, a small art gallery. The woman enters. She sees a portrait. It depicts a woman, very beautiful but arrogant and—evil. The woman who has been rejected is . . . plain and without glamor. She is fascinated by the confident eyes of the painted figure. She cannot break away from the challenging green gaze which seems to follow her and—compel her attention. She experiences a sudden overpowering dizziness . . . falls . . . and finds herself in a strange house, dressed in the garish, shameless gown worn by the woman in the portrait. She is no longer in New York—worse, she is no longer in her own body, but seems to be caught in the living body of the woman whose portrait she had been looking at.”

Kathryn paused, and searched the set face of the man with imploring eyes. Incredulity, impatience, rejection—she could read these in his expression.

At length he said, “Do you wish me to make a rational comment on this—story?”

“No, not yet,” Kathryn hastened to say. “You promised me five minutes—and no prejudice!”

“Go on,” he said after a minute.

“In addition to this nightmare change,” Kathryn said quietly, “I—that is, the woman of whom I speak—fell and broke her arm. She was carried to a bedroom by a man whose eyes were kind, although he obviously disliked the woman he was helping. Now, injured, terrified, in a strange place and what was undoubtedly a different time . . .” Kathryn held her clenched hand against her trembling lips, fought to regain her poise. So much depended upon this—so very much! And his eyes seemed coldly contemptuous. “Lord Elsingham! I am Kathryn Hendrix of New York City. And the date I saw on my calendar, when I went to work in the Uptown Library yesterday morning, was November five, 1974. As God is my witness!”

“Nadine, I must beg you to excuse me,” Lord Elsingham said coldly. “I’ll send your woman to you at once. Dr. Anders would be very angry with me for permitting you to excite yourself in this manner.” He stood up.

Sudden anger flared in Kathryn’s frightened heart.

“How dare you treat another human being with such arrogance, such prejudice? If you are a fair example of the intelligent Englishman, it’s no wonder George the Third lost the Colonies!”

He halted, turned back to face her.

“What new nonsense is this? We haven’t lost the Colonies.”

“You’re going to—in 1775.”

Lord John hesitated, obviously torn between interest and contempt. “I apprehend you are referring to the Boston Tea Party and the subsequent closing of the Port of Boston by Parliament? Let me congratulate you—on your newly acquired political expertise, ma’am. I had not realized you were a bluestocking! But you have your dates incorrect. Let me remind you that the petty disaffection in Boston occurred over a year ago, in 1773.”

“War will be declared in 1775,” Kathryn retorted hotly, still warmed by anger at his unfairness, “and ended by treaty in 1783 with a victory for the United States of America!”

“1783? Eight years in the future?” Elsingham didn’t even try to understand the intense emotional response he was experiencing. He hated and despised this beautiful lying woman—didn’t he? He had only contempt for her tricks, however disturbing and inventive they were becoming. Not once but many times bitten, he would be forever shy of her! So, suppressing the surprise and interest he felt at this unusual tactic, he said, “Doing it rather too brown, ma’am! Can it be that you hope to change my mind? Let me assure you that my decision is firm. I will not be taken in by this farrago of nonsense about ‘United States’ and insurrections. You Irish are all too ready to raise the flag of rebellion! You will leave London for Ireland as soon as you are well enough to travel. I cannot permit you to remain here, dishonoring my name with your public displays of wantonness, for eight more years while we wait for proof or disproof of your ridiculous statements.”

He stared at her, reluctantly admiring, held against his will and better judgment by her beauty and the dramatic story she had told. Then he laughed angrily. “You’re a clever devil, Nadine! You almost had me believing—Politics? That’s a new start for you. You must have acquired a politically-minded lover—or one with a taste for government. My compliments on his skill as a tutor!” His fingers touched the newly-healed scar on his face. “Will he follow you to Ireland?” Then, when Kathryn, silent with despair, did not reply, Lord John continued, surprised at his own violence, yet unable to prevent the words, “I suppose we are to bid adieu to your young artist who has run tame in my house this two months! How disappointing for him that he should be superseded at the moment of his triumph!”

With an ironic bow, Lord John left the bedroom.

Kathryn put her hand to her tear-wet face. “Am I mad? Oh, God, what is happening? Is this delirium—or am I really living in England—in the year 1775?”

Desperately she pulled together her disordered wits. There must be a rational explanation. Was she experiencing a nervous breakdown? She had been deeply shocked, wounded, by the cavalier treatment she had received from Donald Madson. But surely that would not have been enough to cause this kind of hallucination? Perhaps her soaking in the icy rain had given her a fever—but so soon? Or was this a virus infection, strengthened by nervous tension and exposure . . .? Was she in a hospital, suffering fever and delirium? There was some comfort in the thought. Kathryn focused her eyes on the elegantly-furnished bedroom. Surely an elaborate fever dream! Even her wealthiest school friends, who had occasionally asked her to visit at their homes, had never boasted such a room.

The walls were paneled in pale green satin framed in white wood. The hangings were made of the same satin, draped back over sheerest white net with golden cords. The carpet, deep-piled, was a silky pale green. Charming gilt and satin lounging chaises were set on either side of a white marble fireplace, in which now gleamed and danced a cheery fire. Heavy crystal bowls of hothouse flowers perfumed the air. And everywhere there were mirrors—gold-framed, ornate large, small, round, rectangular. This was the bedroom of a woman who worshipped her own beauty.

As she studied the room, Kathryn heard the door open quietly. She glanced quickly toward it, hoping against reason that Lord Elsingham had returned to discuss her situation. Entering the room was the same gaunt, black-clothed woman whose eyes had so terrified Kathryn during the time the doctor had been setting her arm. Kathryn drew the bed covers up to her chin in a futile effort to protect herself from that flat black gaze.

At the woman’s shoulder was the same slender, dark-haired man who had stood behind her in the railed gallery. Very furtively now he followed the woman into the bedroom, shutting the door softly behind him. The two advanced toward Kathryn’s bed.

“Who are you? What do you want?” Kathryn stammered. “Go away! I am sick!”

The gaunt woman stood near the bed, scanning her face intently. Without taking her eyes from Kathryn, she addressed the young man. “Something’s amiss,” she muttered. “The drug was not to have such an effect. I may have given her too heavy a dose—”

“Damn you and your devilish potions,” snarled the man. “Didn’t I warn you against it? I could have won her to me without your messes! You’ve driven her out of her senses, you damned old hag! What good is she to either of us in this state?”

“Keep your voice down,” the woman commanded. “D’you want to bring the household on us? Have you forgot I’ve already been sent away by his high and mighty lordship? How long do you reckon you’ll last around here if she’s gone mad?”

The young man peered angrily at Kathryn. “Well? Has she?”

Kathryn pulled herself together. “I have told you to leave my room. Do I have to summon help to have you put out?” Her eyes went to the heavy bell-rope which dangled by the head of the bed.

The man drew back, alarm on his pale, handsome face. The woman was made of stronger stuff. She adopted an attitude of wheedling servility.

“Come, now, milady, you’re not angry with old Donner, surely? Her that’s been nurse an’ maid an’ dresser to ye since ye were a slip of a girleen, running hey-go-mad on the lovely green turf of home? ¼Tis only a distempered freak you’re feelin’, from the pain in your blessed arm. Let Donner give you a potion, dearie. ¼Twill do ye more good than all that silly doctor’s quackery—”

Kathryn made a convulsive lunge at the bell-rope. Cursing under her breath, the young man leaped to prevent her. But Donner only smiled.

“Let her do it, ye cowardly scut. Sure an’ it’ll completely convince her fine lordling to put her away, if he’s informed by his top-lofty London servants that his lady’s entertaining her painter-boy in her bedchamber!”

Kathryn drew back her hand. Donner grinned. “That’s better, milady. Now suppose you just let old Donner give ye a little draught to calm your nerves, like always?” She drew a small brown clay bottle from the pocket of her dress and began to uncork it. “Off to sleep we go, childeen. Donner’ll have everything right by the time you wake.”

The young man scowled at the servant. “What damned double game are you playing, you witch? I believe you’ve been scheming the whole time to get her sent back to Ireland, to Brionny Keep, where you can queen it over the peasants and run the castle and her ladyship too!”

Donner grinned evilly at him. “Well, little man? And what’s wrong with that?”

“There’s nothing in it for me—that’s what! I’ve no wish to cool my heels in a broken-down Irish castle, consorting with ignorant bumpkins! Damn it, woman, I was to have been presented to the King this very night! And now all’s lost!”

Donner looked at him “Get you gone, then, fancy man. You served to amuse milady and to disgust her fine lordling, but I’ve no further use for you. Run along with you!”

The artist glared at her, cast a humid, languishing glance at Kathryn, said, “Nadine? Beloved, is there no hope—?” Then, when Kathryn did nothing but watch him with fear and disgust, he sighed theatrically, turned, and made an exit whose dramatic value was marred by the extreme stealth which he employed in slipping out of the room. Donner sniffed.

“A pretty little man, and had his uses, but we’re well rid of him. There’ll be many a handsome buck eager to pay court to you when I have you safe back home, childeen.”

“I am not going anywhere with you. I intend to remain in this house until I can straighten out this madness—”

Donner interrupted her. “ ‘Madness’?” she repeated. “Now there’s a word I’d be chary of tossing around, milady. You’ll maybe have heard of Bedlam, and the loonies they keep there, chained up to make a show for the fine folk you’ve been flouting this last year? Are you anxious for them to come and vent their spite on you, and you in the cold cell amidst the filth?”

Kathryn stared at her with horror. ‘Bedlam’? She had indeed heard of the Hospital of Saint Mary of Bethlehem in London, where the mentally ill were confined in degrading conditions, the worst of which, to Kathryn’s mind, was the practice of selling tickets to watch the wretched madmen as though they were beasts in a zoo. “You wouldn’t—you couldn’t—!”

“ ¼Tis not I but that stiff-rumped lordling you’ve outraged so freely this twelvemonth who’ll commit you. Think you your fine husband would lift a finger to save you? Not after the duel he had to fight with Lord Beltane, and nearly killed the poor man for his comments about the lovely Lady Elsingham. Lord Johnny will jump at the chance to be rid of you and all his troubles ended—”

Kathryn shrank back in horror. Donner, sure of her victory, adopted a coaxing tone. “Be reasonable, childeen. Take the easy road. Let’s off to Brionny Keep as his lordship wishes. You’ll have plenty of money, for he’s far from a miser. You’ll be happier there, I promise you!”

“I cannot leave this house,” whispered Kathryn, staring straight in front of her with haunted eyes. “It’s the only link I have with—the future! No, go away!” she almost shouted, as Donner came closer. “Can’t you see what you’ve done? I’m not Nadine Elsingham! I’m Kathryn Hendrix!”

“One little sip of this and all your troubles will be over,” promised the woman grimly. Kathryn stared at her with horrified revulsion. There was an ancient evil around her, a cesspool stench. Donner seized Kathryn’s arm and pulled her closer. The rough grasp sent a searing agony from wrist to shoulder of the broken arm. But the pain was nothing to the fear, the horror which threatened to overwhelm her. She knew in that moment that she must not traffic with this creature of the power of darkness. Frantically she struck at the woman with her free hand, sending the small brown bottle flying. Donner cursed at her, a foul string of vicious filth.

“Go away!” Kathryn screamed.

Whatever else Donner might have done was prevented by a stern voice from the doorway. “Donner, his lordship gave orders you were not to enter her ladyship’s room again. No,” as Donner began to protest, “don’t make excuses. With my own ears I’ve just heard her ladyship order you away. Must I call a footman?” The speaker shook her head, reducing Donner’s outburst to the level of a naughty child’s tantrum. “Such a commotion as this isn’t at all the thing in an English gentleman’s establishment, whatever may be the custom in Ireland!” As she spoke, the newcomer was shepherding the nonplussed Irishwoman from the bedroom in much the fashion of a wise old sheep dog with a bad tempered old ewe. Then she closed the door gently and came toward the bed.

She was a plump little middle-aged woman, dressed neatly in a gray gown with a white muslin fichu and apron. She was obviously a superior servant, grown old in the service of milord’s family, with the freedom of manner earned by years of faithful devotion. She spoke now in a tone of indulgent concern.

“Be easy, milady. Bennet won’t let the nasty creature come near you again. What can I do to make your ladyship comfortable?”

Kathryn’s taut nerves relaxed under the motherly attitude. She regarded this cheerful little woman with gratitude. Was this what it was like to have a mother? This sense of security and affection and hope? Kathryn’s own mother had died when she was five. Boarding schools, however well recommended, do not fill the gaps left by the loss of a family.

“If I could just rest for a few hours . . . I am so weary . . . so confused . . .”

The little woman set about making Kathryn comfortable. In a few minutes the sheets were gently smoothed, the pillows plumped, the drapes drawn against the light, and a cool washcloth was moving refreshingly over Kathryn’s heated face and neck.

“Oh, that’s so good,” she murmured. “Thank you, Mrs. . . .?”

“I’m Bennet, your ladyship. You won’t remember seeing me when first you came from Ireland, what with the excitement of the wedding and all. And of course you haven’t seen me since, because I live down at Elsinghurst Village—that’s in Master John’s domain. My brother has a farm near the village. It was given to us when we came down from his lordship’s estates in Scotland. I was brought down to be Master John’s nurse,” she chatted on cosily. She seemed to know exactly how to help a frightened sick girl to find her poise.

Kathryn felt herself drifting off into a relaxing sleep . . . But she mustn’t! She jerked herself upright. “Bennet—I’ve got to think—plan—find a way out of this . . .” Then the hopelessness of trying to explain again the unexplainable came over her, and she began to cry. “He doesn’t believe me, Bennet! Lord John doesn’t believe me!”

“There, there, dearie,” crooned the nurse, “Whether he does or he doesn’t, he sent me to care for you. ‘Do your best for her, Bennet,’ he said to me before he left. ‘She needs your help.’ And he had his concerned look on his face the while. A very compassionate little fellow Master John was, as a child.”

“But he seemed so angry—” faltered Kathryn. “Oh, Bennet, how can anyone believe my story when I can’t even believe it myself? What am I going to do?”

“The first thing you’re going to do is have a proper cup of tea—hot and sweet, to put strength into you. And then you’ll tell Bennet what’s the trouble, and we’ll find a way out of it.”

Kathryn’s eyes were full of tears. “If we only could! If I could explain it all to you, and then you could tell Lord John—but you said he had left?” she asked, with a strange feeling of loss.

“Oh, yes, milady. His lordship had to rush away to wait upon the King, to explain why he couldn’t entertain His Majesty tonight. He trusted me to see that you have whatever you need.”

“Bennet—you don’t understand. Lady Nadine is in deep disgrace . . . And I’m afraid no one can get me what I need.” And she put her free hand on her burning forehead, as the tears flowed again down her cheeks.

“There, milady, have a nice cry,” urged Bennet so indulgently that Kathryn felt a ridiculous desire to chuckle. “It’ll do you good.” She glanced toward the door. “I told one of the kitchen maids to bring up a pot of tea as soon as I rang.” Suiting action to word, Bennet pulled strongly on the bell-rope. “Now we’ll soon have you sipping a nice hot cup with plenty of sugar, and then a spoonful of the mixture Dr. Anders’ manservant had just brought to the door as I came up—” She bustled over and set another log on the fire. Already the great bedroom felt safer, friendlier. “You’ll soon feel much more yourself, milady.”

Kathryn managed a weak and watery smile. “That’s what I need, Bennet. To feel more like myself . . .” As she thought about the words, she found herself laughing and crying at the same moment. Insane, her shocked mind shouted, but the hysterical laughter went on.

Muttering her concern, Bennet hastened over to the bed and took the younger woman in her arms. For a few minutes she held the gasping, shaking body, patting, soothing, wiping away tears with a large clean handkerchief redolent of lavender. Kathryn, so exhausted she could scarcely think, surrendered herself to the gentle ministrations. Finally she murmured, “Bennet—if I could just have a hot bath! Would there be hot water, do you think?”

Bennet drew back, surprised. “With your injury, milady? It would be a most chancy proceeding.”

“If you knew how dirty I feel—! I’m sure a warm bath would relax me and help me to rest. Please, Bennet?” she pleaded like a small child.

The nurse’s face softened. “Well, milady, if you’re all that set on it—I could give you a sponge bath, keeping you well covered against the draughts.” She surveyed Kathryn doubtfully. “And your hair! Whatever heathen arrangement they’ve made of that pretty hair of yours! My fingers itch to get at it.”

Kathryn gave a hopeful smile. “I need you, Bennet. It’s as though you were sent. Please don’t let them take you away from me.”

Deeply touched, Bennet shook her head. “No one could. His lordship’s orders are obeyed in this house.”

“That isn’t what I meant,” Kathryn stammered. “People talk—terrible things are said . . .”

“I never listen to servants’ gossip,” said Bennet stoutly. Her eyes on the girl were steady and kind.

“But if it were true . . . or seemed to be so?” faltered Kathryn. “Bennet, I swear to you that I have never knowingly harmed his lordship or anyone in this—in this . . .” She broke off. It had been impossible to convince Lord John. How much more so would it be to prove to this devoted servant that her nursling’s wife was in fact a woman from the future? She sighed. “Forget it,” she said wearily. “Thank you, anyway.”

Puzzled, Mrs. Bennet bustled about getting a table cleared for the tea-tray, and another set up near the bed with soap and cloths and big towels. “Where’s that lazy girl with the tea?” she muttered, her worried gaze on the pale woman lying so listlessly in the bed.

As she spoke, there was a subdued kick at the door. Bennet opened it to admit a wide-eyed girl bearing a huge silver tray. She set it on the table Bennet pointed out, then listened open-mouthed to Bennet’s quiet-voiced instructions. When the servant had gone, Bennet poured steaming tea into a fragile china cup, spooned in sugar, stirred, and brought the result to Kathryn.

“Drink this, milady. It will do you good.”

Kathryn really didn’t want it, but she sipped dutifully and then with rising enthusiasm. It was good. But then a disturbing memory from childhood reading surfaced in her mind: “Neither eat nor drink in the land of faerie, lest you thereby close forever the way of return to your own place.” A shiver of fear passed through her body. Superstition, she mocked herself; foolishness! But the fear persisted. Bennet, watching her unobtrusively, thought she had never seen so despairing a look on a human face.

“Is the tea to your taste, milady?” she asked. Anything to change that hopeless look!

“Thank you, Bennet. It is good,” Kathryn replied, and Bennet was somewhat comforted to see the younger woman trying to smile. Shortly the little kitchen maid returned with two large brass cans full of hot water. Bennet poured some into a bowl, then turned to Kathryn with a frown.

“Now, milady—are you sure you should make the effort?”

Setting her lips against the pain of her arm, Kathryn said, “I’m sure.”

Bennet dismissed the servant, then gently, carefully, she got Kathryn out of the bewildering complexity of unfamiliar (to her) undergarments. Setting a pillow tenderly under the injured arm, Bennet gave the sponge bath efficiently, as she would have done to a child. She kept up a low-voiced commentary as she worked.

“You’re that lovely, milady, ¼tis no wonder half of London’s talking . . . Tsk! tsk! what’s that woman of yours thinking of? Your feet are grimy! . . . Oh, your poor arm! And your shoulder’s bruised, too.” She sighed. “Dr. Anders will be extremely annoyed with me if I’ve let you do yourself a harm, but you were right. You couldn’t rest with that dirt on you!”

Kathryn chuckled weakly. “Bless you, Bennet! Just get me dry and covered up—and we’ll neither of us breathe a word of this.”

Bennet acknowledged the feeble joke with a smile. This girl had spirit and courage too. She was glad she hadn’t permitted the other servants to gossip in her presence. There was something terribly wrong with Master John, she’d realized it two days ago when she arrived in London for her annual visit to the town house. She’d been ready to dislike the young wife who was apparently causing him so much trouble. But this forlorn child with the wide, frightened eyes—! Bennet thought surely there had been some terrible mistake. In spite of her attitude, she’d heard rumors, but this girl was no wanton, no virago. Bennet, feeling partisan, leaned over and tucked a fresh sheet carefully around the lovely body.

Kathryn looked up at her.

“Pray for me, Bennet,” she whispered.

“Aye, that I will,” Bennet said, much moved. “I’ll just be a minute more, milady. I’ll take the jewels and ribbons out of your hair and those silly wires, and then I’ll give you the laudanum water Dr. Anders sent over. That’ll put you to sleep—”

“A drug? Oh, no!”

“I’ll be staying the whole night right here beside you, milady,” Bennet promised. “Now take your medicine like a good child.”

Smiling faintly, Kathryn drifted obediently into sleep, watching the glow of the firelight on the plump kindly face of Master John’s nurse.





Three





Kathryn came slowly up out of the drugged sleep. She became aware of unfamiliar odors: the acrid tang of woodsmoke and the heavy sweetness of hothouse flowers. And then comfortable sounds: somewhere near, an open fire crackled cheerily, and a woman’s voice was humming softly a familiar lullaby. Eyes firmly closed to retain as long as possible this unaccustomed sense of luxury and ease, Kathryn stretched drowsily. She felt a fullness and a warm immediacy of life in her body. Even in this unusual relaxation, she was richly aware. Usually when she woke to the shrill of the alarm, it was with a sense of pressure and tension. Get up, wash, dress, eat, catch the bus to the Library—don’t be late, don’t catch cold, you can’t afford to miss work . . .

As the accustomed fears and tensions took over, depression like a groping gray fog sent its tendrils into her waking consciousness. There was something unpleasant she had to face—

Her growing unease was checked by the sound of a door opening and a deep voice speaking quietly.

“Good morning, Bennet. Still at your post, I see. This is not the pleasant vacation I had hoped to give you.”

“No matter, my lord. I was pleased to be here with her ladyship.”

There was a rustling of skirts, then the woman’s voice, closer, subdued. “She’s still sleeping. Isn’t she the bonny one? The pain’s been bad, I think. Her ladyship has been very restless in spite of the laudanum.”

The deep voice showed concern. “Poor Bennet! You’ve had no rest at all, have you?”

“Master John, she touches my heart, the poor bairn. She’s that fearful and thrawn—”

“Don’t go all mystical Scot on me, Bennet,” the man said with a teasing note in his voice.

“I mean it, sir. She’s that terrified of something, she pleaded with me not to leave her. Like a child she sounded, frightened and alone. And she sent that Irish woman dresser of hers packing last night, and that artist fellow too. I know a little of what’s been said, Master John, but her ladyship is not what they hint! She’s—innocent!”

The man’s voice hardened, became a little remote even with this trusted servant. “I wish you were right.”

There was a brief silence. Kathryn waited in the comfortable lethargy of laudanum, hearing, yet not completely involved. This was a very interesting dream! She really ought to be up and getting ready for the cold bus ride to the Library, but surely just a few minutes more wouldn’t hurt . . . She had never had a dream so vivid—!

The man’s voice, so deep it set up a little quiver of resonance in her body, was saying quietly, “Did her ladyship seem—rational to you, Bennet?”

There was a longer pause. A tiny needle of alarm thrust itself into Kathryn’s calm. ‘Rational’? Whose rationality was being questioned?

The woman’s voice came slowly, delightful with its hint of Scots’ burr. “As to that, sir, ye’ll ken I’m no authority. Her ladyship had the shock of a bad fall and a broken arm . . . and then the drug from the doctor—”

“Stop hedging, Bennet,” the man said sternly. “I know you have always been reluctant to speak ill even of people you don’t like—but I must know—”

“She’s nothing like I’ve been told, sir,” the admission came reluctantly. Then, more firmly, “But that’s to say nothing, Master John! Malicious tongues distort the truth, as I’ve told you often and often! This woman’s like a wee bairn lost in the dark!”

Kathryn could hardly catch the man’s next words, so low was his voice. “Would you say she was—mad, Bennet?”

‘Mad’? But that meant—insane! Kathryn’s eyes snapped open. This dream was turning into a nightmare.

No dream. She was lying in the lovely pale green and white bedroom she had thought was part of the dream. Near the four-poster stood the plump, sweet-faced woman servant of her dream, and beside her, the tall figure of the golden-haired man, elegantly dressed in the fashion of the late eighteenth century. It was the man who had caught her as she fell down the stairs. Both these people were staring at her with worried faces. Kathryn stretched out her free arm toward them.

“Oh, please help me! I’m not insane! It’s just a nightmare—a bad dream!” She struggled to sit up in the feather bed, giving her broken arm an agonizing twinge.

Bennet tutted worriedly and hurried over to support her shoulders.

“Now, now, milady, you mustn’t fash yourself . . .” She turned her head to the man. “You’d best be leaving us, sir.”

“I’ll send for Anders,” Lord Elsingham began, but Kathryn cried out, “Please! Don’t go away! Stay just for a moment. I must talk to you . . .”

His lordship moved reluctantly toward the bed. He superintended the placing of pillows behind Kathryn’s shoulders so that she could face him sitting up, for which courtesy she felt deep gratitude. “Get her some hot chocolate, Bennet. And some bread and butter.”

“Aye. That’ll give her strength,” agreed the woman. “I’ll make it myself,” and she hurried from the room.

Kathryn raised her eyes to meet Lord John’s wary look. “Thank you for listening to me,” she began with some difficulty. Her free hand was clutching the coverlet so tightly that her knuckles showed white, and the beautiful green eyes were wide with fear. His wariness gave way to compassion.

“Don’t be afraid, ma’am. If you are ill, the best doctors shall treat you. A few months’ rest in Ireland, and your memory will be restored.”

Kathryn tried to smile her gratitude for his concern, but the situation was much too serious for anything but straight dealing. Hadn’t she pleaded with this man before, begged his understanding, only to receive a crushing rebuff? What in God’s name had the beautiful Nadine done to arouse in her husband such unrelenting hostility? For Kathryn was forced to accept the reality of the situation at last. She was locked into the body of a beautiful woman who had lived two hundred years before Kathryn was born.

Lord Elsingham was staring at her with that look of wary hostility slightly tempered by concern. Obviously he was a good man, compassionate even where he could not trust. Could the truth, the integrity, in Kathryn reach out and convince such a man against all the evidence of his mind, memory, senses? The girl drew a deep, ragged breath and faced his challenging eyes.

She did not know that something in her manner, the agonized yet direct glance of her eyes, most especially her choice of language and the manner of her speaking—so different from those to which Lord John was accustomed, had created an unwelcome problem for him. He did not want to make any re-evaluation of his judgment about his wife. During the last year he had been hurt too often, too deeply, by the beautiful Irish termagant he had married. “Marry in haste; repent at leisure.” Her abruptly changing moods, her outrageous displays of temper and bad manners in public, her licentious behavior, had burned too deeply. He had promised himself that never again would he be tricked by the exciting wanton who had been his wife for one tempestuous year. Thinking of the ugly scenes, the malicious rumors, the scornful laughter, his expression hardened.

Kathryn noticed the grimly-set jaw and her heart fell. For a minute he had seemed almost ready to accept her, to listen without bias. She hurried into speech with a sense that her cause was already lost. Deliberately she tried to make her language that of the 1970s. Oh, if only she knew more about the real Lady Elsingham! She would perhaps be able to demonstrate that the mind within this beautiful body was not Nadine’s.

“Sir,” she began, low-voiced, “If I do not address you in the proper way, it is because for two hundred years my American countrymen have owed no allegiance to the British crown. “We ‘colonists,’ as you called us, found your taxation without representation unbearable, and we fought you and finally defeated you with the help of France.” Trying not to notice his frown, she hurried on. “I am only a librarian in New York’s Uptown Library, not a history major—but I did go to Radcliffe College and my minor was American History—so I do know something about the details of the American Revolution of 1776-1783—”

“Very convenient.” A rather scornful smile twisted his lips. “Since this is only the year 1775, no one will be able to verify your claims for some time. But at least you are remarkably consistent. Those are the dates you quoted me last night. There is no coherence in your story . . .” if nothing else, his tone implied.

Kathryn’s face whitened. She had lost him! Still she held her voice steady. “I have no defense against your suspicions, sir. And I am aware, believe me, that my statements are impossible to substantiate. I can only swear that what I tell you is the truth as I know it. Perhaps there is philosophical justification for the theory of alternate realities. What I know as reality is that I am Kathryn Hendrix, of the Barton Apartments, New York City; that my Social Security number is 565-48-4743, and that, as the American soldiers who fought in two world wars and two police actions could tell you, is all I am required to tell the enemy on capture: name, rank, and serial number.”

The big man’s eyes were the cold gray of a winter sea. “I feel I must warn you against this game you are playing, Nadine. Dr. Anders was disturbed by your wild talk. He even hinted that he feared madness . . . For your own sake, lest your situation become worse, why not accept with good grace the fact that you have lost whatever game you are playing, and salvage what you can from the wreck of our marriage?”

Kathryn felt a sudden, irrational surge of pity for the tall, proud man standing beside her. It was plain his wife had wounded more than his self-esteem. He must have loved his Nadine very deeply to have been so vulnerable to her actions. As I thought I loved Don, she reminded herself. Kathryn knew all about that pain!

Lord John was speaking in a steady voice. “You’ll be happy in Ireland. I’ll see to it that you do not lack for any luxury, so long as you live quietly and do not disgrace my name. Surely you can be discreet if it is to your advantage—”

Kathryn’s head had begun to ache, and her arm was one solid throb of pain. She said wearily, “I can’t convince you, can I? You aren’t willing to give me a real test. Surely there must be something I can do that your Nadine could not? Mathematics? Languages? I was taught French and Latin, psychology, civics, library sciences. . . . Question me! I’ll do anything to convince you. Anything to get myself off the hook, as we say in 1974.”

Lord John was frowning. Kathryn, searching for a way to hammer home her knowledge of the science of the future, went too far. “I’m not a physicist, but I know that in 1942 Dr. Fermi developed an atom bomb, and in 1969 the United States landed the first two men on the moon,” she concluded proudly.

“You can’t expect me to take this seriously? Atom bombs and men on the moon? I don’t believe in witchcraft. And you would be well advised not to let anyone hear you laying claim to such forbidden skills.”

“Witchcraft? Is that what you think—?” began the girl, but Lord John interrupted, sternly.

“What else? Do you have some rational explanation for your claim of a miraculous flight through space and time from the future? On an ‘atomic’ broomstick, perhaps?”

Kathryn felt the surge of anger this man seemed capable of arousing in her. She said hotly, “That is unworthy of an educated man. I’ve read a great many romantic novels about the sense of justice and fair play so dear to the English, but apparently they were just that—romantic lies. You have a completely closed mind! You are what we call in my time a male chauvinist pig! You’re unwilling to listen to anything outside your own narrow circle of belief—!”

Lord John’s lips had set in a smile of cold distaste. He bowed ironically. “Congratulations, Nadine! It’s reassuring to see you restored to your normal sprightly temper. I’ll leave you to rest and recuperate your strength—” Then, struck by the look of despair on her face, he said more gently, “Forgive me. You and I are fated to quarrel, are we not? But surely you’ve learned to know me well enough this past year to be sure I won’t throw you out of the house with a broken arm, child. I won’t send you to Ireland until it is mended, and your fever healed.” He tried to smile. “Those novels you read must have been very exciting! Try to rest, Nadine. I’ll speak to you again in a few days, when you have recovered from this—mental disturbance.”

And he was gone from the room before Kathryn, startled by his change of manner, could find anything to say.





Four





Kathryn might have taken heart if she had been able to observe Lord John’s behavior in the next few hours. Leaving instructions for her care with Bennet and the butler, he drove his curricle to the consulting rooms of Dr. Anders. He had a lengthy talk with that worthy, telling him exactly what his patient had said.

Dr. Anders shook his head soberly. “I don’t like the sound of this, my lord, and that I’ll tell you. Your lordship knows what would be the general opinion if such wild talk were to be repeated—”

“Then I trust you won’t repeat it, sir,” said Lord John.

“Of course I won’t,” the little doctor snapped. “Have I not been doctor to Elsinghams since before you were born? Is it likely I’d go nattering around the town with a story sure to bring your lady into trouble?”

“I’m worried, Anders,” confessed Lord John reluctantly. “She seems to be so sure—and she’s different.”

Anders pounced on that. “In what way?”

“Well, even Bennet—my old nurse; I’ve asked her to take care of Nadine—even Bennet remarked on her manner of speech. Since the accident it is different. She uses words I’d swear Nadine hadn’t known. Her voice is softer, more musical,” he grimaced in sudden embarrassment at the term, but went on steadily, “She has an accent, but it definitely is not the Irish brogue I once found so charming.”

“So. Her ladyship speaks differently. What else?”

“She knows things Nadine didn’t know about history—”

“But we have agreed that her ladyship is quite wrong about this war she claims has happened, have we not?” Anders reminded him.

Lord John frowned. “She says it’s going to happen.”

The other man’s lifted eyebrows stopped him.

“We’ll have to wait awhile to learn the rights of that, won’t we, milord?” the doctor commented drily.

“Her talk of atomic bombs and space flight,” persisted Lord John. “Isn’t that significant? Nadine knew nothing and cared less for science in any form.”

“But you did say her ladyship claimed to be a reader of romantic tales,” the older man reminded him.

“Where would she have found such fantastical ideas as a landing of men on the moon? Not in my library!”

“That’s where you’re wrong, milord. Your father had a fine classical library, Greek and Roman authors, many translated into English. I recall him mentioning, over a glass of sherry, the day you were born, milord, one Lucian of Samosata, whose hero voyages to the moon. On the thrust of a waterspout, if I recall correctly,” he ended with a smile. And in the face of the involuntary gesture of protest from Lord John, he continued firmly, “There is, however, a matter of more urgent concern which I must discuss with you, milord. Speaking of your father, you are very like him. A most impulsive man was Lord Harold, and overly quick to action.”

Lord John’s lips opened to make quick protest, and then shaped into a reluctant grin. “Doing it much too brown, Anders. My father was the most rigidly controlled—”

“Impulsive,” repeated the doctor firmly, “and emotional. It hastened his end. Allow me to know: I was his personal physician for over forty years. Now, I shall expect you to receive the information I am about to impart to you with calm—or at least with control.” He frowned at the younger man. “Early this morning, Mrs. Bennet sent a footman to me with a small brown clay bottle she had found on the floor of her ladyship’s room, half-hidden by the bed-curtains. She felt I should know about it. It contained a drug—but not any drug which I had ever prescribed for her ladyship. I sent it to an apothecary to confirm my suspicions. I’ll not worry you with its Latin name, milord, but tell you shortly that the little phial contained a most dangerous drug, whose continued use would be mind-destroying.”

Lord John stared at him with a stunned expression. Then, “God!” he snapped. “Are you telling me that Nadine—”

“I am telling you nothing except that Mrs. Bennet says she found this near your wife’s bed.”

“Bennet wouldn’t lie,” said Lord John heavily. “Is this the reason for these wild tales of Nadine’s?”

Dr. Anders regarded him sourly. “You jump to conclusions, milord. No one has suggested that her ladyship is in the habit of dosing herself with that foul muck.”

“Then how—who—?”

“Bennet told me that your wife was put into considerable agitation at the presence of her dresser—”

“Donner!” shouted Lord John, and turned to leave the consulting room in haste.

“Lord John!” The doctor halted him. “Again you go too fast, milord. Nothing is yet proven. But we now have,” he relented enough to admit, “some alternate speculations which may eventually lead us to the truth about this disturbing matter. My counsel at the moment is that you investigate quietly, first ascertaining the whereabouts of the woman Donner and placing her under close observation—”

“Too late,” admitted his lordship wryly. “My cursed impulsive nature! I sent her packing yesterday.”

The doctor pursed his lips. “You had better make sure she actually went.”

“By God, I’ll do that,” promised his lordship grimly, and took his leave.

*****



His second call was at the elegant lodgings of one of his two best friends, Mr. Randall Towne. That exquisite was entertaining the third member of their friendship, Lord Peter Masterson, at a belated breakfast.

Two less similar men would have been hard to find among London’s haut ton. Randall was slender, dark-haired, volatile; Lord Peter appeared to be a lazy giant of a man, but his reflexes were amazingly fast, as his intimates had reason to know.

Randall greeted the new arrival with his usual high good humor. “What ho, Johnny! Whither away so early this fine morning—or is it afternoon?”

Lord Peter contented himself with a slow smile and a simple “Johnny.”

Randall continued, “Draw a chair and have a bite of this ham. It’s quite tolerable. And some ale, or coffee? I think there’s some left.”

Lord Peter was unobtrusively scanning his friend’s face. Now he said quietly, “Do sit down, Johnny. Is something wrong?”

Lord John took a chair at the table and accepted a cup of coffee. He stirred it slowly. “I need—”

His friends waited.

“What?” prodded Randall, after a moment.

Peter kept chewing ham meditatively, his eyes on his friend.

John shrugged. “Help? Advice? Yes, perhaps that’s the word. I need your advice.”

The other two men exchanged wary glances.

“Lady Nadine hasn’t—” began Randall.

“Only too happy—” Peter was saying at the same instant. Both stopped, disconcerted.

Lord John considered them for a moment, then said, “I shall have to confide in you. My—that is, Nadine—fell down the stairs yesterday and broke her arm—”

Randall broke in, “Have you forgotten, old chap? That’s what you had us informing all your guests last night, while you were at the palace making your excuses to His Majesty.”

“Needn’t treat Johnny like the Village Idiot,” murmured Peter, “even if he occasionally acts that way. He remembers what we did last night. This is probably something else. Why don’t you let him tell us?”

Ignoring this exchange, John said, “The broken arm is the least of the troubles.”

“You don’t mean that painter feller—?” began Randall.

Peter silenced him with a frown. “Let him finish!”

“My wife tells me she is someone called Kathryn—” began Lord John.

“Catherine what?” interrupted the irrepressible Randall.

“What does it matter?” snapped John at the end of his patience. “We know her name is Nadine.”

But Randall wouldn’t accept this. “Much better to find out who she is. It could matter a great deal. I’ve known some pretty frightful Catherines in my time, old boy. I had a cousin, twice removed . . .! And there was that shrew Kate in the Taming play—”

“Ignore his maunderings,” advised Peter wearily, “or we’ll never get to the problem.”

John set his teeth. “I come here on a matter which is, to me at least, of great importance, and you clowns turn it into some kind of jest—”

“Not at all!” Lord Peter protested. “I was merely trying to silence this crowing cock so you could proceed.”

“I’m not sure I’ve the stomach for it,” said Lord John grimly. “However—! My wife further informs me that she lives in New York City, in America, and that she—” he hesitated, then concluded in a voice without inflection, “lives there in the year 1974.”

Even the voluble Randall was struck silent.

After a pause, Lord Peter asked quietly, “And the doctor?”

John shrugged. “Observe—wait . . . I don’t know what to think. She—asked me to help her.”

Randall exploded angrily. “Well, I know what to think! If you’ll forgive me, or even if you won’t, John, I’ll tell you what I think!”

“Oh, Lord,” murmured Peter.

“I think,” persisted Randall angrily, “that she’s playing another of her tricks on you, John, and I wouldn’t stand for it. The whole town’s talking—”

“Am I to suppose, from that, that you have made all of London conversant with my private affairs?” asked Lord John, stiffly.

“You are to suppose no such thing, Johnny,” corrected Peter. “Take a damper. This little cock crows loud, but never clucks a word about anything important.”

“Well, thank you!” gasped the cock, much affronted.

Lord Peter continued, “You know we don’t talk, Johnny, but as your closest friends, we—know things have been . . .”

“Bound to,” agreed Randall. “Peter was your second at that duel—”

Lord Peter ignored him. “How can we help you?”

Lord John shrugged, spread his hands.

Peter said slowly, “You loved her once, and she loved you enough to marry you—”

Randall sneered. “Fustian!”

“No, let him speak, Randy.”

Peter continued quietly, “You say she is appealing to you for help on strange grounds. Surely if she were trying some trick, she would never have offered such an insane story. For one thing, it puts her at your mercy. With such evidence, you’d have no trouble putting her away under restraint.”

“She knows that. And she sticks to her story.” He got up and paced around the room. “She’s different.”

“In what way?” Randall was still suspicious.

“Her voice is changed and she uses a different vocabulary. It’s —uncanny, hearing that voice from Nadine’s mouth.”

Peter got up and joined his friend at the window. “Would you like us to come around and speak to her?”

Randall frowned and shook his head at this rash offer, but Lord John accepted gratefully.

“Thank you, yes! You’ve both met Nadine, talked with her. Dr. Anders had never seen my wife before—she was never sick a day in her life—so he wouldn’t notice a change even if there was one.”

“We can’t just go bursting into Lady Nadine’s bedroom,” objected Randall. Then he caught Peter’s eye and blushed.

Peter spoke hastily. “We’ll go tomorrow. Bring flowers and all that. Warn your people to expect us, Johnny.”

Lord John smiled at him ruefully. “Thank you. I know you’ll hate it, but I have to be sure. You see, Bennet says my wife’s frightened—and innocent.”

Randall’s laugh grated harshly. “Tell that to someone who was not your second at the duel last month. Was it an innocent caused you to get that scar on your face?”

“Be quiet,” commanded Lord Peter sternly. “We’ll go, John.”

“Just talk with Nadine. Tell me if I’ve been wrong.”

Randall snorted. “Can’t you see that’s what she wants? To confuse you? To work on your sympathies till you relinquish your plan to send her to Ireland?”

“The young cock has a point, Johnny,” admitted Lord Peter. “There is a chance she may be trying to create a reasonable doubt in your mind, so you’ll—”

“Take her off the hook?” interrupted John with the ghost of a smile.

“That’s very good! Where did you pick it up?” asked Randall, struck by the phrase.

“From my wife. She says it’s common usage in the twentieth century. She has a number of interesting turns of speech.”

Lord Peter rested his hand briefly on his friend’s shoulder. “Tomorrow at two.”

“Thank you. And you, Randy? Will you accompany our Peter to make sure his soft heart doesn’t betray his sober judgment?”

“Soft head is more like it,” grumbled Randall, rising and pulling the bell-rope for his servant. “We’re off to Tattersall’s to look at the horseflesh. Will you join us?”

“No, I’ve one more call to make. There is someone who may know a great deal about this situation—”

“Another doctor, John?” interrupted Randall. “Do you go to secure a second medical opinion?”

“No, I’m going to the House of Parliament. There’s a man there who may have some answers. Edmund Burke. He’s political secretary to Lord Rockingham. If anyone knows about the situation in America, Burke does.”

After Lord John had taken his leave, the two friends regarded one another gloomily.

“Parliament!” Randall sighed in exasperation. “It’s my belief Johnny’s touched in his loft.”

“Poor Johnny.”

“That cursed female!” Randall said bitterly. “She’s made his life a hell. He hasn’t been his own man since he married her. Damme, it’s like witchcraft!”

“Being Johnny, he has to give her every chance,” said Lord Peter. “What d’you suppose she’s up to now?”

“She’s wicked, Peter. She even cast out lures to me—her husband’s best friend! I told her I’d as soon embrace a cobra. She hasn’t spoken to me since.”

Peter was forced to smile. “You’re a little diplomat, aren’t you?”

“You know what she is! How can we help her to ruin Johnny’s life?”

“And who,” said Lord Peter lazily, “says we are going to help her?”





Five





At exactly two o’clock on the following day, there was a discreet rap on milady’s bedroom door. Bennet rose from the chair where she had been reading her Bible and went quietly to open the door, trying not to waken the woman who was asleep on the great bed.

A footman whispered importantly, “Lord Peter Masterson, Mr. Randall Towne, present their compliments to her ladyship. Beg to wait upon her.”

Bennet’s first impulse was to deny the intrusion. Then she recalled that these gentlemen were his lordship’s closest friends, and as such might feel it incumbent upon them to inquire after Lady Elsingham. And there had been pitifully few sympathy calls. Her beautiful charge had no friends in London. A kindly gesture might encourage her, lift her from the depression into which she seemed to have sunk. So, finger to lip, she considered the situation. After a moment she replied, “I shall see if her ladyship is awake.”

When she reached the bedside, her charge was regarding her through eyes wide with alarm.

“Oh, what is happening, Bennet? Is it more trouble?”

Bennet’s soft heart was wrung with pity. “No, no, milady, ¼tis only two good friends of his lordship’s, come to pay their respects. Are you well enough to receive them?”

Kathryn sighed with relief. “Lord John’s friends? Of course I’ll see them. Who are they, Bennet? Do I—know them well?”

As she raised the beautiful shoulders, plumped up pillows, straightened the covers and smoothed back the glorious hair, Bennet was worriedly considering that very problem. Strange and terrible as milady’s story was, Bennet had become a believer. She had encountered nothing remotely like this situation in all her quiet, God-fearing life. Considered sensibly, the story was impossible. Worse, it smacked of witchcraft and the forbidden arts. But Bennet had looked deep into the strange green eyes, and listened to the tortured voice, and something inside her accepted the fact that this woman believed she was telling the exact truth. Bennet hadn’t got any further than that. She prayed every night, and served her charge every day, exactly as she had loved and served and prayed for Lord John when he had been a small boy and her special responsibility.

She answered Kathryn’s question. “Yes, you know them. But it is said in the servant’s hall that you don’t like them very much.”

“Oh, dear! How do I address them, Bennet?”

Bennet surprised herself. “Milady, I think you should begin as you mean to go on. If you intend to maintain your story, you must be—yourself.”

This startled a small laugh from Kathryn. “No compromise! ‘Full speed ahead and damn the torpedoes!’ That’s a quotation from Admiral Farragut, and it’s good American, Bennet. Bless you!”

“Full speed ahead,” acknowledged Bennet, confused but loyal, “and—er—damn the torpedoes!” She returned to the door, and flinging it open with quite a fine flourish, told the startled footman, “Her ladyship will see the gentlemen.”

What Kathryn saw as the visitors entered her bedroom was, first, an enormous bunch of flowers carried by a man even taller than Lord John and reassuringly pleasant of countenance. His attitude as he advanced toward her was easy and open. And then she saw that the eyes, a hard dark gray, were scrutinizing her face intently. She turned to look at the other man with a sense of escape.

The second man was younger, dark, almost sullen-looking. He seemed to be avoiding her glance. Instead he addressed himself to Bennet. “What ho, Mistress Bennet! It is good to see you again!”

Kathryn turned to the big man, who was proffering his flowers. He laid them gently on the coverlet. “My lady. I hope we see you much improved,” he said, formally.

“Yes, indeed, sir. Dr. Anders tells me that my arm is knitting nicely. I was a little apprehensive, since your doctors haven’t discovered antibiotics yet, but Dr. Anders seems both kind and competent in the medical knowledge of this century.”

Even Bennet looked startled. This was carrying the war into the enemy camp with a vengeance. Kathryn felt a stir of pure pleasure at the dangerous game she had decided to play. Be yourself, Bennet had advised. Well, Kathryn Hendrix of the twentieth century would do it!

The big man was frowning slightly. “Anti—what was that, milady?”

“Antibiotics. Chemical substances which inhibit the growth of bacteria. Or have your doctors discovered the existence of bacteria yet? I can’t recall. After all, I was a history minor at my college, not a pre-med student.”

Avoiding Bennet’s cautioning glance, Kathryn looked instead at Lord John’s friends with as keen a scrutiny as they were directing at her. The slighter youth had dropped his jaw in a reflex of astonishment. The bigger man had his lazy eyes fully open now, and they were puzzled rather than hard. Kathryn decided rashly to pursue the attack before they could recover and regroup. She’d show these arrogant Englishmen!

“I’m told you are the two best friends Lord John has, so I would like to be civil to you. I don’t know which of you is which. Would you be gracious enough to introduce yourselves? I am Kathryn Hendrix of New York, very unwilling to be here in this rather fulsome body, and disturbed by the situation Lady Nadine seems to have gotten herself into. Since,” she concluded with a wry smile, “I seem to have inherited the unpleasant results of it.”

Lord Peter saluted her with a smile of reluctant admiration. “No quarter, ma’am? You are determined to maintain your position, however—untenable?”

“As I have just told Bennet, my course must be full speed ahead, and damn the torpedoes! Which is a quotation from one of our American admirals in a civil war fought between the Northern and Southern United States starting in 1861.”

“I salute your courage, ma’am, but beg to offer you a warning,” replied Lord Peter quietly. “The story you are telling is incredible. Have you carefully considered the consequences of persisting in such—”

“Such a preposterous lie!” interrupted Randall hotly. “I’ll give you the truth with the bark on it, madam. Whatever devious game you’re playing, you can’t win. No one can win. The kindest judgment will be that you are mad—the worst, that you are dabbling in witchcraft!”

Kathryn stared at the flushed, angry face of the young man. “If the cry of witchcraft is raised, I would have you consider that I have been the victim of it, not the instigator. I am snatched from my own time and place and brought to this—” she glanced at Peter and checked what she was going to say, substituting, “this very inhospitable situation, locked into the body of a woman for whom no one can have anything but contempt. You are Lord John’s friends. What would you advise me to do?”

“Have done with playacting and go back to Ireland,” snapped Randall. “You’re nothing but trouble here.”

Kathryn turned to Lord Peter with a faint smile. “And you, my lord? Do you subscribe to this severe judgment?”

“Severe, madam?” Randall interjected. “¼Tis the soul of leniency! After what you’ve done to Johnny—”

“What I’ve done—!” began Kathryn in protest, then, facing Randall’s scornful expression, she sighed and turned to his companion.

“There are reasons why it would be very hazardous—perhaps disastrous—for me to leave London at this moment,” she began, aware of the hardening of suspicion on Lord Peter’s face. “I need to remain as close as possible to the place through which I entered your world—”

“Faugh!” interrupted Randall. “More of your mystical nonsense! I don’t know why we listen to you!”

“You actually haven’t, have you? Not really.” She sighed. “I was taught to be properly appreciative of gifts. And so, Lord Peter or Mr. Towne, whichever you are,” she smiled wanly at the big, serious Lord Peter, “thank you very much for the beautiful flowers. And to you,” she turned to the angry Randall, “my thanks for your honesty. I understand my position more clearly now. Good day.”

It was dismissal. The gentlemen made their bows and got out of the room with what grace they could muster. Randall was fuming.

“Trickster! Liar! Cheat!” he muttered, as they went down the great stairway. “When I think of Johnny tied to that Irish termagant—!”

When his friend did not respond at once, Randy eyed him sharply. “Don’t tell me she’s pulled the wool over your eyes?”

Lord Peter shook his head. “I think the honors go to her. We didn’t really listen, did we? We had our minds made up before we came.”

Randall spat out an oath. “How much do I need to know? I tell you the woman tried to seduce me! Not two months ago! ‘Whoever you are,’ says she, like Mistress Prim and Proper. I’m Johnny’s best friend. She knew it then and she knows it now!”

Lord Peter shook his head. “Whatever the case, the sooner Johnny ships her off to Ireland, the better things will be for both of them.”





Six





When the gentlemen had left, Bennet closed the door behind them gently. Her face wore a worried look. Kathryn smiled ruefully at her.

“Tell me, Bennet. Go on! I didn’t handle that very well, did I?”

“Oh, my lady, they’re very powerful men, for all the young one seems like such a boy. And they’re his lordship’s best friends.”

Kathryn shrugged wearily. Her arm was throbbing with the dull pain that never stopped, her head ached, perhaps as a result of the emotional tension she had just experienced. She drew a deep breath, raggedly. “I guess I’m a fool, Bennet. But they didn’t listen! No one does.”

Bennet’s warm heart was pierced by the look of desolation on the beautiful face. The strange pale green eyes were smudged around with dark shadows, the exquisite mouth drooped at the corners. She went over to the bed and patted the invalid’s silken shoulder gently.

“I’ll listen, milady. What can I do to help you?”

“You mean that?”

“You know I do,” the older woman said stoutly.

“Yes, I do know. And I thank God for you. One thing you could do that would help me more than I can say, would be for you to call me by my name.”

“Your name, milady?” faltered Bennet.

“Kathryn. Just to show that one person in all this horrible world doesn’t believe I am insane!” Kathryn ended with a sob.

Bennet patted her shoulder again, more firmly. “Of course you’re not insane, Miss Kathryn,” she said sternly. “What sort of foolish talk is that?”

Kathryn looked up at her with a reluctant smile pulling at her lips. “Oh, Bennet, you fraud! You remind me of a story in the Bible. No, I’m not being sacrilegious,” she answered the startled look on Bennet’s face. “It’s the story of the father of the epileptic in Caesarea Philippi: ‘I believe, O Lord; help Thou my unbelief!’ ”

Bennet faced Kathryn with a new light in her eyes. “Miss Kathryn, I believe you. Now, d’ye ken how we’re going to solve your problem?” and the warm Scots’ burr was strong in her voice.

Sudden tears of gratitude flooded Kathryn’s eyes. She brushed them away and said quickly, “I have been thinking about that every moment today. It seems to me that if I . . . came here because of that portrait, maybe that’s my way back.”

Bennet nodded doubtfully. “That would seem to make sense, but how would you go about it? Had you thought of that?”

“Well, I could try to recreate the conditions as closely as I could to what they were when I—came. It was during a storm in New York. I was staring at the portrait and a bright light above it was almost dazzling my eyes . . .”

“We could get you down to the landing to stand in front of the portrait, and I could arrange for enough candles above it on the gallery to make the bright light—but your arm . . .” Bennet frowned. “The lower hallway would be full of servants at that hour. There might even be guests of his lordship—”

Kathryn shook her head. “That won’t do. I’d have to have complete quiet. And there’s another thing,” she added hesitantly. “If there was any kind of trickery—or witchcraft—involved . . .” She caught the look of alarm on Bennet’s face. “How do I know what caused me to come, what brought me here? It seemed to me that the beautiful eyes of the portrait were alive . . . and evil . . . and that they were drawing me . . . into the picture . . . pulling me—”

“God save us!” whispered Bennet, wide-eyed.

“I guess I’ve lost you, Bennet.”

“That you haven’t, Miss Kathryn, you poor lamb, and let me hear no more of such ¼cavey talk! I’m just recalling gossip in the servants’ hall when that creature Donner wasn’t about. Everyone thinks she’s in league with the Devil. She’s that cold and mysterious and ugly, and always muttering about what will happen to those that cross her . . .” Bennet suppressed a shudder. “I could believe anything of her, Miss Kathryn, I could indeed.”

They were interrupted by a tap on the door, which immediately opened. Lord John stood on the threshold, and behind him waited Dr. Anders and a slender, ugly man very plainly dressed.

“May we come in?” asked Lord John, doing so without waiting for permission.

Kathryn felt the thrust of emotion which this arrogant Englishman seemed always able to arouse in her.

“Please do,” she managed to say coolly. “Dr. Anders, I’m glad to see you. My arm is aching so intolerably I’m sure it must be healing nicely.”

Dr. Anders sketched a bow. “It is good to see you in spirits, milady,” he said cautiously, advancing to the bedside.

“Do I have a fever, doctor? I’m sure you have Mr. Fahrenheit’s thermometer, since he invented it early in this century. But no antibiotics! Medicine is handicapped in this age. How long ago was it that the only recourse for a broken limb was amputation? At least we must be thankful that skillful practitioners are not the exclusive property of any period in history, for you’ve set and splinted my arm most successfully. Are you a student of Dr. Potts?”

Dr. Anders peered at her sharply. “I am aware of Dr. Percival Potts’ fine treatise on the subject of Fractures and Dislocations, milady, but it surprises me a little that you should know of it. It is true, as her ladyship says,” and he directed his speech to the other two men, “that even as short a period as twenty years ago, physicians were recommending amputation for compound fractures. Your own fracture, however, was a simple one, Lady Nadine.”

“That should serve to depress my pretensions,” said Kathryn, with a demure glance at the gentlemen.

A smile touched Lord John’s lips involuntarily. She was spirited, this Irish wife of his! And her wits were as sharp as his own. It was absurd to consider her mad. But if not insanity, what? Artifice? She was fighting for something, with this strange tale of hers—her desire to be accepted as someone other than Nadine. Could she be fighting for—him? Surely not to win him back? She had shown, with humiliating insistence, just what she thought of her lord and master. But even as he cringed at certain memories, a small glow of excitement began to burn in his body. Was this beautiful creature fighting to win him back? He scanned the lovely face. Was it changed? Was there a new sweetness about the set of the lips, a new, more honest light in those fascinating, pale green eyes?

He caught himself short, setting his jaw. Fool! Double damned fool. This was the very trap he had fallen into a year ago in Ireland, the day he met the young Irish beauty riding her great roan horse through the deep green meadows and through the dark copses. He had fallen in love with an ideal—a woman who wasn’t there. Enough of these adolescent idiocies, Lord John told himself sternly. You know what she is. Only a fool would let himself be caught twice in the same trap.

He turned to introduce the stranger, who had had no eyes for anything else in the exquisitely-furnished room after he had caught one glimpse of the woman in the bed.

“My lady, may I present Mr. Wilmot Manton? He is an associate of a brilliant countryman of yours, Edmund Burke. And he’s very eager indeed to hear what you can tell him of the state of affairs in the Colonies.”

Kathryn stared into Lord John’s cold eyes. Was he taunting her or offering her a chance to prove her claim? There was nothing to be read from his narrow, social smile.

“I am very happy to meet you, Mr. Manton,” she said, smiling up into his admiring face. “I’m sure you’ve heard about the Boston Tea Party, since it occurred on December 16, 1773, but there might be later events which I could discuss. Lord Elsingham may have told you that I have sources of information not available to the average person living in London in this Year of Grace 1775.”

There! That was carrying the battle into the enemy’s camp with a vengeance! She thought she caught an expression of admiration lurking on Lord John’s handsome face, but she was committed to the fight now, and could not indulge her heart with weakening emotions She drew a careful breath.

“It would help me very much if you could give me the exact date, Mr. Manton.”

Manton, already a little wary at this lovely lady’s hint that she had information not available to legitimate offices in His Majesty’s service, was jerked rudely from his earlier admiration by this odd question. “The date, milady? But why—what . . .?”

Help came to Kathryn from an unexpected source.

“Why, ma’am,” said Lord John smoothly, “you’ve been suffering with your broken arm for several days. It is scarcely to be wondered at if you have lost count of the time. This is the eighteenth of April, in the year of Our Lord 1775.”

Kathryn flashed him a smile of such sweetness that his heart jolted treacherously. “I thank you, milord,” she said, and turned again to Mr. Manton.

Tomorrow, that is April nineteenth, General Gage will send soldiers to capture or destroy military stores at Concord. The mission will be unsuccessful because the colonists will have advance knowledge of the attack and will meet and counter it with the first armed resistance to British troops at Lexington Green . . .”

Alarm and disbelief battled for supremacy on Manton’s face. “This is not military intelligence, ma’am,” he spluttered. “This is prophecy! How came you by this knowledge?”

Kathryn paled. Fool! By her desire to prove herself knowledgeable she had probably doomed herself to incarceration in Bedlam. Dr. Anders was frowning heavily. Her eyes met Lord John’s. Was there pity, concern for her, in their gray depths? She went on grimly, “If you will jot it down, Mr. Manton, and a few other things I have to tell you, then when the time comes, we shall see whether I have informed you correctly.”

Manton was staring from Kathryn to Lord John, unable to decide whether this was some aristocratic hoax or a stupid attempt to entrap Burke and Burke’s sponsor, Lord Rockingham. His self-esteem wounded, he said stiffly, “If there should be any such attack, it would take from three to four weeks for the intelligence to reach us. Whatever my opinion of General Gage’s orders, I still respect the laws of time and space. It is impossible that her ladyship could have such knowledge. If you will excuse me, milord, I shall return at once to the House, where I have duties.” He sketched a bow toward Kathryn and left the room.

Kathryn held out her free arm, palm up in a gesture which at once confessed frustration and offered apology.

“I wasn’t very convincing, was I?”

Lord John turned to face the little doctor. “Anders, can you possibly believe that Lady Nadine’s mind and speech are those of a Bedlamite? She is in perfect possession of her senses. She is as clearheaded as either of us!”

Dr. Anders brooded a moment, frowning at Kathryn, “Well, milord,” he said grudgingly, “you’d better convince her ladyship to stop playing this game, or we’ll be compelled to commit her.” He gave a reluctant chuckle. “The look on that prissy fellow’s mug was worth the price of admission.”

He turned to Kathryn. “I don’t know what you’re up to, ma’am, but I’d better warn you it’s a chancy business. Be advised by your husband, and leave off these maneuvers. ‘Tis a losing game, milady. You’ll get no good of it, and maybe more grief than you can handle.”

The doctor took his leave. With a worried, challenging look at Kathryn, Lord John went out after him.

“Bennet!” cried Kathryn as the door closed. “Slip out after them and see if you can hear what Dr. Anders says to Lord John. I don’t like all that advice Anders was giving me. It had sort of ‘final warning’ tone to it.”

Bennet obeyed hastily. Kathryn sat up in bed, cradling her splinted forearm till the little woman returned. The expression on Bennet’s face sent a chill through the younger woman’s body.

“You were right, Miss Kathryn,” whispered Bennet. “What Dr. Anders was saying sounded like a final warning. He said, ‘You had better convince her ladyship to drop this masquerade or whatever farradiddle she thinks she is playing at. Manton will have it all over town that she’s insane or in league with the powers of darkness.’

“ ‘No one would believe such an absurdity,’ his lordship came back at him.

“ ‘Would they not? You know polite society better than I do, milord, but even I know that such a rumor could ruin not only your lady wife but yourself. And I might remind you that a woman was burned as a witch in Scotland as late as 1727,’ the doctor rattles back at his lordship,” Bennet was whispering when the door opened abruptly and Lord John came in. His face was set.

“Well, Nadine, have I given you enough proof that this latest stratagem of yours is unworkable? You are getting yourself in deeper waters than you dream of. In God’s name, for your own sake if not for any feeling you might have for me, drop this most dangerous game!” He glanced at Bennet. “Perhaps you can convince Lady Nadine that she has embarked upon a disastrous course. If not, I shall have to send her off to Ireland tomorrow—for her own protection.”

He left the room.

Behind him there was the frozen silence of despair.





Seven





While Kathryn and Bennet stared at one another, there came a tap on the door. Bennet stumbled over to see what new threat was arriving. A footman stolidly presented a rather grimy note, carefully sealed and superscribed for Lady Nadine Elsingham.

“Just delivered by hand,” the footman advised.

Bennet dismissed him and brought the note to Kathryn.

“Open it for me, Bennet. I’m so awkward with this arm,” fretted Kathryn.

The note was short:





My lady—Donner has arranged passige home for her nursling on the Irish Mail packet from Liverpool. Ther will be a privat kerrige waiting at the Black Swan at 10 tomoro morning. Ile be in it, waiting an ready to look ater you an get you safly home to the dere contry.

Bring all yer jools and whatever monny you can lay hands on. I have yer nighttime potion by me, so you can rest like you were wont before that Englishman separated us.

Then, in a more literate hand, was scrawled,

Beware, Nadine! The Englishman is going to have you confined in Bedlam. The word of it is all over London.





Donner’s crabbed signature closed the letter.

“Well,” said Kathryn grimly, “I have no choice. Stay here and be sent to Bedlam, wait and be sent to Ireland at my lord’s whim, or go to Ireland tomorrow with Donner.”

“You’d never do that last, Miss Kathryn!” protested Bennet. “See, the shameless creature is coaxing you with promises of that drug she was in the habit of giving you—”

Kathryn interrupted her. “Donner is the last person I’d go anywhere with,” she reassured Bennet. “Every time she came near me I felt an actual sickness. She’s the witch, Bennet. But what’s this about a drug?”

“Remember the little brown bottle she tried to dose you with that night you fell? Dr. Anders had the contents tested. He told Lord John it was a —mind-destroying drug,” Bennet reported. “Dr. Anders said you should probably be under constant supervision, for your own sake, lest worse symptoms develop, and Lord John was swearing he’d have Donner sent to prison.”

Kathryn thought hard. “Bennet,” she said slowly, “it seems to me there is only one thing I can do. I’ve got to try to get back to my own time and place, the only way I know how . . .”

Bennet, frightened but resolute, said, “You mean—through the portrait?”

Kathryn nodded. “It seems crazy . . . but I did get here that way, no matter what anyone says. So I’ve got to try to get back the same way.”

“Shall we try now?”

Kathryn gave her a grateful smile. “It’s too early. Too many people around, to see me and try to stop me. But you can get a supply of candles to make the light we talked about. Perhaps I was hypnotized by it, or something. I think it’s part of—the way.”

Bennet was chilled by a sudden thought she didn’t dare to voice. What if the drug—that devil’s potion Donner had been giving this poor child—was also ‘part of the way’? She clasped her hands in agonized indecision. Mind-destroying? Essential?

Kathryn was speaking. “As soon as the household settles down, I’ll go to the main hallway and stand in front of the picture. I’d better wear that awful golden-orange dress Nadine was wearing—I’m sure that I must have everything the same as it was that night. Can you find the dress for me, Bennet?”

“I’m sure I can, Miss Kathryn,” Bennet assured her. “I’ll go right away and get candles and look for the dress.” She was glad to be doing anything to get her mind off the horrifying thought that the experiment would never succeed without some of the drug from the brown bottle. Was there any way she could get some? She didn’t even know what it was, or how much to administer. Too much might kill the child. Oh, dear! this was a frightening business! As she trudged down the servants’ stairway at the rear of the great London mansion, her thoughts scurried hither and yon. She felt like a small terrier determined to overcome a very large and menacing wolf pack.

She had no trouble in getting a large number of candles up to her room. No one on the staff would think of questioning Lady Nadine’s personal maid, even if Bennet had not been long and favorably known to most of them as one who knew and kept her rightful place. As his lordship’s old nurse, she was equal in standing to the butler, Mr. Burl, himself.

She had little more difficulty in finding her ladyship’s gown. It had already been neatly mended and cleaned, and was hanging in the sewing room waiting to be restored to her ladyship’s extensive wardrobe. Still Bennet was not satisfied. Putting on her neat dark shawl and bonnet, she delegated one of the upstairs maids to listen for her ladyship’s bell while she ran an errand in town. For Bennet, gentle soul and devoted servant, had conceived a daring plan. She would go to Dr. Anders’ consulting rooms and try to get the brown bottle.

Fortune favored her scheme. The doctor was out on a call, but his manservant recognized Bennet as the trusted Elsingham servant who had first brought the bottle to the doctor. He accepted, after some demur, the request, purported to come from his lordship himself, that the bottle be returned for some unspecified purpose. Bennet carried it off with a fine air of authority, but had the doctor’s servant not been already totally convinced of the fact that the “Quality” were all unreasonable and completely irrational in their demands, she might have had a harder time. As it was, the man shrugged and found the bottle for her in his master’s desk.

Bennet hastened back to the Elsingham town house. She went at once to Kathryn’s room and confessed what she had done and why. Kathryn was delighted at her wisdom and enterprise.

“I’d never have thought of it,” she marveled, “but of course, the drug is essential. It must be!”

Bennet was already having second thoughts. She almost wished she hadn’t thought of it. “What if we give you too much?” she fretted. “There’s neither of us knows aught about the dosage—and Dr. Anders as much as said the stuff was deadly! Mind-destroying, he called it!”

“Well, my mind’s not destroyed, whatever happened to Lady Nadine’s,” Kathryn replied firmly. “Bennet, don’t weaken now. You’ve been a tower of strength and a friend in need and I do not know what I would have done without you. I’d better eat something and then rest until you come to help me dress—after everyone is asleep, Bennet,” she added.

Bennet nodded and went to order a particularly nourishing meal for the intrepid time traveler. Bennet was wishing she could confide in her nursling, now grown to such a tall and splendid man—but with, alas, a will of his own and an inflexible desire to have his commands obeyed.

Kathryn too was having second thoughts. It had suddenly struck her that she was having the most exciting time of her hitherto colorless life. She got up and, slightly staggering after her days in bed, went toward the largest of the many mirrors with which the room was liberally supplied. Standing in the bright light of the candles which flanked it, she had a sudden surge of delight as she met the eyes of the lovely creature in the glass.

“Ravishing,” she said with a chuckle. “My girl, you may have been a tartar and a termagant, but you certainly are a knock-out. Pity you didn’t have more sense than to let yourself be manipulated by that weirdo Donner. Because as Lady Nadine Elsingham, baby, you really had it made.”

“Why do you say that?” came a deep voice behind her.

Kathryn whirled, panic-stricken. Lord John was standing in the doorway. “How did you get in—” she began, and then blushed. He was Nadine’s husband. It was his right—

Lord John came into the room and shut the door behind him. He advanced toward her, watching her with interest. “I don’t believe I’ve ever seen you blush before. It is most becoming.”

Kathryn, blushing harder, could find nothing to say.

Lord John came a step closer. “Do you know . . . I find myself nearer to believing this story of yours than ever before? It isn’t so much the things you were saying as you looked into the glass. It was the way you said them. You truly believe that you are someone else, don’t you? I hadn’t accepted that before.”

“My lord,” said Kathryn soberly, “as God is my witness, I am Kathryn Hendrix of New York—to the best of my knowledge and belief.”

The big man looked at her, his eyes less cold than she had ever seen them. “Yes, you believe it. So what are we to do, Kathryn-Nadine—whoever you think you are? Have you a solution for our problem? Do you want to stay here —with me?”

An involuntary shiver of delight went through Kathryn at the sound of that deep male voice. And he noticed it—and in his eyes there leaped a fire such as Kathryn had never seen in a man’s gaze before. She drew back from the force of it, just as Lord John took the last step which brought them face to face.

“I am without doubt the greatest fool God ever made, but I’m going to ask you. In spite of everything that has happened between us—in spite of the folly and the quarreling and the shame—shall we try again, Nadine?” His voice was low and husky with passion, and something in Kathryn responded to it with an intensity she had never known in all her lonely life. Almost without willing it, she was in his arms, strong arms that yet, even in that moment of passionate attraction, remembered to hold her injured arm gently, protectively . . .

While their lips still clung and her mind refused to function, Kathryn felt deep within some inner small core of commonsense crying out that this ecstasy was not for her. She told herself that it was the beautiful body of Nadine that this man loved, not the mind and soul of Kathryn Hendrix. Could she remain in this place and time, aware always that she was a substitute—aware always that not only Lord John but everyone who knew them would remember the ugly things Nadine had done? A vision of the contempt in Randall’s eyes and the stern judgment in Lord Peter’s face flashed into her mind, and she drew herself out of Lord John’s embrace.

“No!”

It was no more than a breath of rejection, but he heard it. Almost reluctantly he pulled himself away from her. He loomed above her, a big blond giant of a man, staring down intently into her face. Had Kathryn been less distracted, she would have been aware of the wakening trust in the man’s eyes, the almost desperate desire to believe in her—or to believe that this beautiful, wanton child had matured into the woman he had dreamed of when first he saw her, breath-taking in her dark green habit, the glorious auburn hair flying in the wind as she rode her powerful hunter across the green field. But Kathryn was too full of her plans for return to her own time to be sensitive to the man’s reactions. She had not considered the ultimate hazard this place might offer—that she might feel tenderness—face it!—might even fall in love with a man who had died a hundred years before her own birth. It was impossible! She drew away, trembling, and Lord John, a mature and sophisticated man, recognized at once the difference between this trembling and the shiver of desire his wife had felt a moment before. Still, there was the new and exciting look in those fascinating green eyes, a look they had never held for him before. He frowned.

“What is it? What troubles you so? I am willing to come half way—to forgive and forget—to begin again with what we have. You cannot deny that we do have . . . something for each other?”

At that moment Kathryn knew that she had fallen under the spell of this virile man. Beside him, poor Don faded to a miserable creature, a conniver, an opportunist. She realized with gratitude that she would never grieve for Donald Madson again. Better nothing than that pallid excuse for love she had felt. But this man posed a real threat. He was dangerously attractive, disturbing to her peace of mind. If she yielded to his charm now, she would be frozen here forever in this body, in the persona of a woman for whom no one could have respect—not even Lord John. Not even herself. On his terms: to be Nadine, the forgiven sinner, always to be watched lest the old trouble recur.

Intolerable.

Kathryn drew back a step or two. “My lord,” she began, and her voice trembled in spite of her effort to control it.

Lord John smiled a little, tenderly. Kathryn noted that it was a singularly attractive smile. “Call me by my name, Na-Kathryn,” he suggested. “As you did in Paris.”

But the damage had been done. “Na-Kathryn.” That’s what she would be, if she weakened and let herself stay here. An afterthought, the weak echo of another woman.

“John,” she complied, fighting desperately to avoid his gaze, his warmth, his exciting presence. “Will you permit me to rest now? I’m still pretty shaky. We can . . . continue our discussion tomorrow, when I am rested and calmer.”

Lord John accepted his dismissal with perfect courtesy. “Of course, my dear. Although I for one do not anticipate that you and I will ever be able to discuss this issue calmly.” His smile was rueful as he bowed and went quietly from the room.

Watching his broad shoulders in the faultlessly tailored coat, Kathryn knew that her heart would betray her if she had to have any more ‘discussions’ with this nobleman.

*****



Entering an hour later, Bennet found Kathryn seated in an armchair near the dying fire. Bennet was carrying the golden dress. “Miss Kathryn,” she whispered, “everyone’s gone to bed. I’ve lighted the candles—there’s a proper blaze above the portrait. Lady Nadine had new sconces installed, just so her picture would be well-lighted for the reception. She was a very vain young woman,” finished the older woman with a disapproving shake of the head.

Kathryn smiled ruefully. “Well, we’ll have to admit that she had plenty to be vain about,” she commented. Bennet didn’t know whether to be shocked or amused, considering the lips from which the words were coming, but she joined Kathryn’s soft laughter.

“I can’t seem to connect you with her,” she whispered. “Not that I was that close to Lady Nadine. Donner held everyone at arm’s length; keeping the poor child under control, I suppose. But it was impossible to mistake her character—”

“And mine is different?” invited Kathryn.

But Bennet wouldn’t be led into flattery. “Come now, Miss Kathryn, we’ve got to get you into this garish bit of a costume and down to the landing before someone wakes and discovers what we’re about.” She hesitated. “Are you sure, Miss Kathryn? Very sure that this is the only way?”

“I’m sure, Bennet. Don’t confuse me.”

“Never,” vowed Bennet devoutly, and assisted Kathryn into the dress.

“I don’t think it’ll matter if my hair isn’t fixed exactly the same,” whispered Kathryn. “Anyway, I could never get it to look that way again. It must have taken an hour.”

“An hour?” sniffed Bennet. “More like three or four! And looked a proper rats’ nest at the end of it!”

In spite of—or perhaps because of—the serious nature of their project, the two women found themselves giggling wildly over a joke that really wasn’t funny. “We’re getting hysterical,” cautioned Kathryn. “We’d better go down to the landing quickly, before I lose my nerve.”

“That reminds me,” whispered Bennet as they left the exquisite room for the last time—Kathryn hoped—“I’ve got this,” and she held out the little bottle.

Kathryn drew in her breath sharply.”Bennet! Do you think we should? How much of it should I take?”

They were in front of the portrait now, very conscious of the mocking light in those painted, sea-green eyes that stared so insolently down at them.

“I don’t know, milady,” confessed Bennet, forgetting the ‘Miss Kathryn’ in her distress of spirit. “I’m not even sure you should take any of it—but there’s little doubt, if what that creature said was true, that Lady Nadine was full of it, the night—the night you changed places.”

“Do you know,” said Kathryn with an air of discovery, “I’ve never for one moment thought of her—of Lady Nadine. If I came here, did she go to the picture gallery in New York? I wonder what she thought of plain Miss Hendrix’s body—and that awful old coat?” She began to giggle compulsively. Bennet shushed her quickly.

“Miss Kathryn! You’ll have them all down on us! Tell me, what must I do?”

“Well, you’d better give me a few drops of that drug—I’ll try first with a little—”

“You will try no such thing in my house,” came a voice of such icy contempt that Kathryn felt her flesh shrink. “I should have known not to expect truth or decency from you, Nadine. But to have drawn poor innocent Bennet into your filthy schemes—Give me that!” and Lord John, white with rage, snatched the small bottle from Kathryn’s nerveless fingers. He towered over the two trembling women, his anger so plainly written on his face that neither of them dared offer any excuse.

“You will go to your room at once, madam, and I shall lock you in it. As for you, Bennet, it would be better for you to stay in your room until Lady Nadine and I have left for Liverpool in the morning. Send one of the maids to pack for milady. I’m sorry you should have been drawn into this imbroglio.”

He stood in the blaze of light from the candles, obviously controlling his anger with difficulty, looking, thought Kathryn miserably, like Judgment Day. Hating herself for her meekness, Kathryn crept upstairs to the room she had hoped never to enter again. She was scarcely inside when she heard the key turn in the lock. Dragging herself to the bed, she lay down, too despairing even to weep.





Eight





Kathryn lay on the bed for a long time, staring straight above her. Her thoughts went in despairing circles; it seemed impossible to control them. Her eyes ached with the effort of holding them open. She noticed for the first time that the ceiling of the tester bed was exquisitely painted—a lounging Venus, red-haired, was surrounded by a bevy of little cupids. Kathryn hated the silly sensuality of the painting, though in a happier hour she might have found it charming.

But now there was only chagrin, frustration, fear of what was to happen to her in this alien time and place. She had so little control over events! It seemed she could be exiled from the one place where she might have any chance of undoing whatever had happened to her, sent away by a man’s arrogant, unreasonable whim . . .

What would happen to her in Ireland?

At last the unwelcome thought intruded that she might indeed be the crazy creature Lord John obviously thought her. And there was no one to believe—to help . . .

Into the depths of her anguish intruded a gentle scratching sound, very persistent. Kathryn lowered her gaze from the exquisitely painted ceiling to search out the source of the noise. It was coming from the region of the door. After a moment the door swung silently open and a small figure slipped inside, closed the door quietly, and locked it again.

“Oh, Bennet!” wailed Kathryn, and the tears came in a healing flood.

“Hush, now, child,” cautioned Bennet, her own eyes very bright in the candlelight. “No one must know I am here.”

“Will we try to get through the portrait again?” asked Kathryn humbly. “I’m not sure I’m up to it, after what’s happened.”

“¼Twould be no use, Miss Kathryn,” said Bennet bitterly. “His lordship’s had the painting taken down. Roused one of the footmen to help him. I’ve never seen him so angry.” She sighed. “He was a sunny little lad.”

“Then that is the end of it,” Kathryn’s voice was dead. “I’ll be sent to Ireland in the morning. Thank you, Bennet, for being my friend.”

Bennet lifted one finger admonishingly. “No more of that, Miss Kathryn,” she said, as though the younger woman were a child and she the nurse. “It is not like you to give in to defeat. I’ve come to help you. What shall we do next?”

Bennet’s plump face was stern with purpose. Kathryn opened her eyes wider. This was support indeed! She would have to prove herself worthy of this intrepid partisan. She began to feel better. Later, there would be time to relive that dreadful moment when Lord John’s eyes had passed over her with icy contempt—the eyes she knew could warm to passionate intensity. But never again for me, she thought. Nadine—and I, too—have finally killed even the tiny spark of faith he had left.

“Miss Kathryn, I have an idea,” Bennet was saying quietly. “You’ll dress in some of my clothes, with a cape to hide your bandaged arm. You’ll leave the house with me before dawn. We’ll go to the posting house from which the coaches take off for the north, and we’ll get you a ticket for Elsinghurst Village. That’s the village that serves the Manor, his lordship’s country estate,” she explained. “I’ll give you a letter to my brother Richard. We have a farm several miles outside the village. Lord John’s father gave it to my brother and me when Lord John left for school and I was no longer needed as his nurse. Well, you’ll arrive at Elsinghurst about dusk, when everybody’s indoors, eating. Just walk back down the road the way the coach has been coming—” she paused, noting the pale strained face with which Kathryn had been following her instructions.

“No, no, my dearie! What’s wrong with me? You’ll no’ be able to walk several miles after that long, weary ride, and you not well at all!”

“Your plan is better than Lord John’s,” Kathryn said quietly. “Perhaps I might stop at the inn at Elsinghurst, and ask the landlord to send someone for your brother.”

“That’d be a sure way to inform every gossip in the country that a beautiful stranger had arrived in the village. From that, it’d be no more than a cat’s blink till everyone knew that the Lady of Elsingham was at the inn. Och! And I was sure I had such a famous idea!”

It was Kathryn’s turn to rally her companion’s failing spirits. “It is an excellent idea! It just needs a little adjusting. Now, let’s see. Is there any other way to get to the farm than through Elsinghurst Village?”

Bennet nodded eagerly. “Twenty miles before you come to Elsinghurst, there’s a place called Crofton. It’s larger than Elsinghurst, and has two inns. You could dismount from the coach there, and take a room at the smaller of the two inns. Send a boy with my letter to Richard, and stay inside the room until Richard comes for you.” Bennet nodded decisively. “That will serve! Our farm’s about halfway between Crofton and Elsinghurst. Richard could get to one place as well as the other. And he’ll be proud to keep you safe until we can work out something better.”

The enormity of what she was asking a completely unknown man to do suddenly became plain to Kathryn. “I can’t!” she objected. “Think, Bennet! A strange woman dropping in on him from nowhere! He’ll hate it.”

“Not Richard,” said Bennet proudly. “Though I say it myself, as shouldn’t, Richard Bennet is the kindest man in all of England. And Scotland too,” she added, after a second’s thought.

Kathryn considered rapidly. The night was passing, and she must make some decision before dawn if she hoped to escape the exile to Ireland, where the frightening Donner might have to be dealt with. There were objections to Bennet’s scheme—too many to list—but it might work, if she were lucky, and if Richard Bennet would accept the responsibility.

“There’s one thing,” she whispered into Bennet’s anxious ear. “Your brother’s neighbors. They’ll be gossiping about his guest. Someone’s sure to mention the new arrival to the servants at the Manor.”

Bennet, momentarily disconcerted, came back triumphantly. “We’ll tell Richard—and the villagers—that you’re a widow of a soldier killed in America—I’ve heard you talking about the war there. That’ll explain how you come to know something about the place—and your accent, Miss Kathryn, which is not at all the London speech, if you’ll pardon me for saying so.”

Kathryn found courage to smile. “Bravo, Bennet! What a scenario writer you’d have made! Being a widow will give me a chance to wear a heavy veil—which I’ve no doubt you can provide me with! Your staff work is as fine as your powers of invention.”

Bennet was delighted with the praise, but said firmly, “We’ll have fun about this when we have you safe at the farm, Miss Kathryn. If anyone questions you, you can say that you and your deceased husband being orphans, both of you, you’d no folk to go to in London, and I’ve sent you to board with my brother, since I knew your mother long ago.”

Kathryn entered into the spirit of the scheme. “I could be a deaf-mute,” she suggested, “and communicate only by writing on a slate. That would hide my accent, and it really ought to discourage casual questions—”

Bennet was forced to smile, but she said firmly, “Now then, Miss Kathryn, you’re being whimsical. Not that you aren’t in the right of it, at that! There’s few enough of them Croftoners can do more than scrawl their own name, to say naught of writing out impudent questions.”

Kathryn smiled. “I’d just nod, or point, or shrug, or whatever seemed appropriate, and smile sweetly.”

“Oh dear, that’s going to be our problem. Any woman who looks like you do will be a nine-days’ wonder for the whole county. They’ll come to gawk at you, and someone’s sure to recognize her ladyship.”

“I never would have believed I’d have trouble because of being too beautiful,” smiled Kathryn. “But that’s easily fixed. I’ll cut this very noticeable hair short, dye it black—and we’ll have to get some dye before the stagecoach leaves—”

Bennet wavered between horror and indignation. “Cut your hair? I suppose you’ll cut your pretty nose off, too . . . oh, Miss Kathryn, it’s wicked you’re having all this trouble, and being driven out into the world, when it’s none of your fault, whatever!” She began to cry.

Kathryn placed a gentle hand on the older woman’s arm. “Come on, Bennet, you’ve given me such a wonderful way to escape being sent to Ireland, so far away from the portrait—” she caught her breath. “The portrait! Without it, I haven’t a chance of getting back to New York!”

Bennet pulled herself together, blew her nose, and set herself to considering this latest problem. After a few minutes she said, “There’s a way. I’ll send the picture to Elsingham Manor. Lord John ordered the footman to ‘store the damned thing out of sight somewhere.’ ” Bennet quoted primly. “I’ll tell the man it’s to go to the Manor. Then when it arrives, I’ll have it hung in a room no one uses—and smuggle you in one night to—try again,” Bennet concluded awkwardly. She trusted and pitied Kathryn, but she felt very uncomfortable with the idea that the portrait was a doorway into another place and time.

Kathryn was deeply grateful to this little woman, so loyal to the manchild she had been brought from Scotland to nurse, so grateful for his continuing kindness to her when he left her care. It was Lord John’s father who had established the Bennets on the farm near the Manor, but it was Lord John Himself who had begun the practice of bringing his old nurse to the great London mansion for a few weeks every year as a special treat. Of course, Bennet adored him, thought Kathryn. The wonder was that she had not rejected Kathryn out of hand, after the gossip in the servants’ quarters. Bennet was a just woman, enough of a pawky Scot to insist on making her own independent judgments. A compassionate woman, too, as Kathryn could testify.

“Bennet, are you sure you want to get involved in this? Lord John will be very angry with you if he finds out you have helped me defy his orders. He’ll want to strangle both of us!”

“Then want must be his master,” retorted Bennet stoutly. “That’s a saying we have in my country, when someone says he wants something unreasonable. It means he’s got to deal with his problem himself.” She set her lips firmly. “I had little patience with tantrums when he was a child, and I have less now.”

Kathryn chuckled. “Bennet, you’re too much. And that’s a saying we have in my country! But getting back to the plan: I’ve been wondering if the Manor won’t be the first place Lord John will look for me, when he hears we’ve gone off together?”

“That’s the beauty of it,” Bennet explained. “We shan’t go together. I’ll whisk you out of the house and onto the stagecoach before anyone is up and about. Then I’ll come back here. I’ll be standing in the hall when they unlock this door and find you gone. I’ll follow his lordship into the room, and pretend to find this note from Donner. Everyone will believe you’ve gone to Ireland with her!”

“Bennet, you’re a genius!” said Kathryn, giving her a hug one-armed. “But I still can’t agree to stay indefinitely with your long-suffering brother. After a few days I’ll apply for a job in some large house in the neighborhood—”

“Doing what?” sniffed Bennet. “It’s not likely you could manage heavy work, you being brought up like Quality, at a school and all. And you’re far too pretty to be hired as a governess, even if you had letters of reference, which you have not. Besides, in any of the great houses, you’d be at hazard of meeting someone who’s met—Lady Elsingham.”

Kathryn was forced to agree. She sighed. “Very well, then. Help me dress and lead me to your stagecoach! You’d better write that letter to your brother. And you’ll have to lend me the money for the fare, you know.”

“I’d be happy to, Miss Kathryn, but you’ve got far more than enough in your reticule.” She indicated a frivolous purse on the bureau.

Kathryn set her jaw stubbornly. “I shall not take one penny of That Man’s money—” she began, but Bennet interrupted briskly.

“Then I shall, and give it to you. Now Miss Kathryn, don’t be childish! Do you really think his lordship would be deceived for one minute if I said you’d gone off to Ireland without a penny in your pocket? Be sensible, Miss Kathryn, do!”

Kathryn smiled reluctantly. “Yes, Bennet,” she said.

“Good! Now I’ll help you dress, and then I’ll write the letter to Richard, and then we’ll smuggle you out of the house.” She was bustling about as she talked, but she managed a surreptitious glance or two at the pale beautiful woman whose lovely face was drawn with pain and exhaustion. “I’ll just pack a wee bag for you, Miss Kathryn: some underthings, a comb and brush, soap, and the laudanum Dr. Anders sent over to dull the pain and help you sleep.”

Kathryn, dressed in what she suspected was Bennet’s best dress and cape, found them a very snug fit. A bonnet and heavy veil were carefully fitted over the glorious hair.

“I could be Jack the Ripper and no one would know it, with this disguise,” whispered Kathryn. She was feeling lightheaded with pain and nervous tension. Bennet forced her to sit down while the letter to Richard was being written. Then, with Bennet in the lead carrying the neat satchel of clothing, the two women crept down the great stairway in the dark. Kathryn was almost glad she couldn’t see the elegance and beauty of the mansion she was leaving so stealthily. She had never really belonged here—even Nadine had been an interloper—and a fool, Kathryn thought, angrily. To have all this—and throw it away! Into her mind, unbidden, unwelcome, flashed a picture of a tall, golden-haired man, asleep somewhere in a magnificent bed, the master of this house. Perhaps in sleep the angry, contemptuous frown would be smoothed away, and his face would be relaxed and kind . . . Bennet opened the ponderous front door cautiously. The foggy chill of predawn struck into the warm, scented hall. Shivering, Kathryn followed the older woman out, waited while she closed the door, and then hurried after her down the street.





Nine





Kathryn was never able to recall that journey away from London without mixed feelings. She told herself, as the coach clattered and swayed over the cobbles of the London streets in the dawn, that she should be watching and listening and storing up impressions. What other librarian in the history of the science had had a chance actually to live in the country and time of her favorite authors?

As the coach lumbered out into the country, Kathryn had decided that England seemed much smaller than she had pictured it. And greener. The country air smelled so fresh that she almost forgot the dull aching of her arm in the incredible sweetness of it. As a matter of fact, however, the one, overriding, inescapable sensation she remembered was pain: physical pain from her arm, held in a sling and bound close to her body, and nagging unhappiness from her ambivalent feelings toward John Elsingham.

She hated him for his arrogance, for his stubborn refusal to consider her problem without prejudice. Yet she could not forget his gentleness with her, and the disturbing sweetness of his smile. What a fool Nadine had been, to throw away the passion and devotion of such a man! What could it have been that had seemed more enticing to her than an adoring husband, an honored name, a fortune? Locked into the boredom and misery of the long jolting ride, Kathryn considered for the first time what she had learned about Nadine.

A young Irish girl of good but impoverished family, raised with casual indifference by a sport-mad widower father and a scheming nurse. It was little wonder that so young a girl, so raised, would not have been prepared to deal with the challenges and pitfalls of an ultra-sophisticated society. And as the possessor of unusual beauty, she would have been the immediate target of every unprincipled gentleman in Polite Society. Kathryn remembering what she had read about the haut ton of eighteenth century London, concluded cynically that even some of the “principled” gentlemen would have found Lady Nadine Elsingham fair game. And her seduction a hilarious joke on Lord John.

And there was Donner. Always Donner, lurking in the background, doing whatever damnable thing she did with her drugs and her wheedling and her hypnotic flat black stare. Small wonder that a willful, ignorant girl, manipulated from infancy by God knew what techniques for what unholy purposes—small wonder, indeed, that she had become the reckless wanton of the portrait.

At this point in Kathryn’s musings, the carriage had jolted to a halt. Kathryn felt a sharp stab of fear as she noticed a tall, gaunt figure, wrapped like herself in a dark cloak, waiting to board the coach. But the figure turned to mount, and Kathryn saw it was a man. It was not Donner, the girl realized with relief, only to know a new fear a minute later. For how could she have accepted so quickly the idea that Donner could have known of her flight already . . . could be able to pursue and find her so easily? She was seriously attributing to the Irish peasant woman powers verging on the supernatural! With such a psychological advantage, Donner would be a dangerous antagonist. Kathryn shivered as the tall man shouldered his way into the crowded vehicle. The coach did not start up at once. Instead, the red, weathered face of the guard appeared at the still open door.

“We’ll be stoppin’ ¼ere a matter o’ twenty minutes to change ¼orses and,” with a heavily-emphasized wink, “let Tom Coachman refresh hisself. So if any o’ you wants a bite o’ breakfuss, now’s yer time!”

Grumbling, most of the passengers climbed awkwardly down onto the dew-slimed cobbles and straggled into the inn. Only Kathryn and the gaunt stranger kept their seats. The man did not seem inclined to speak, and Kathryn was glad of it. She closed her eyes wearily, and tried to find a more comfortable position against the side of the coach.

After a few minutes, there was a clatter of nailed boots on the cobbles. Kathryn opened her eyes. Red-face was thrusting a great steaming mug of tea toward her with one hand, while in the other grimy fist he clutched a huge sandwich of thick slices of meat between two chunks of bread.

“It’s for you, Missus. Yer Ma gi’ me the ready to get ye a bite an’ sup when we stopped to change. So here ¼tis, as promised.”

Voicing her thanks, Kathryn managed to accept the mug with her free hand, but she couldn’t endure the sight or smell of the food. “Please, no. I am not well. Just the tea.”

The guard shrugged and turned back to the inn, munching at the sandwich as he went. Kathryn sank back against the seat and worked the mug up under her heavy veil. The tea was scalding, black, and heavily sweetened. She managed to get some of it down, and after a moment began to feel the better for it. By the time her fellow-passengers came out to the coach, grumbling at the haste with which they had had to snatch their food, she had finished the tea and was in a slightly more cheerful mood.

The trip from that point was sheer misery. The coach had been overcrowded by the presence of the gaunt man. The roads became worse the further they got from London, so the coach lurched and jarred and swayed. After one particularly vicious jolt, which threw the fat woman next to Kathryn heavily against her, Kathryn briefly lost consciousness. Her plight did not attract attention, however, since, having said nothing during the trip so far, her silence was not remarked. And since her face was concealed by the veil, and she was wedged so tightly between the fat woman and the side of the coach that she was fixed in an upright position, no one realized that she had fainted.

For the rest of the trip she was in limbo—half-dozing, grimly enduring the pain, quite oblivious of either her companions or the scenery. Eventually, about twelve hours after they had left London, the guard helped Kathryn to descend before a large inn which boasted the sign “GEORGE AND HORSE.” He got her satchel out of the boot for her, pointed the way down the pleasant, almost empty street to a small, white building set back from the road.

“Yonder’s Crown Inn, Missus.”

Kathryn tried to thank him for his kindness as she pressed a coin into his hand, but he was already turning away to close the coach door and mount to his seat.

She trudged down the street, clutching on to the last of her strength. “Just to the Crown,” she told herself. And then, “Just till I speak to the landlord, and give him the letter to Richard Bennet . . .” She held on grimly to the promise of a quiet room and a bed that would not jolt or sway. But there was a further challenge. Kathryn was met at the door of the inn by a large female with a very hard eye.

“Yus, Missus, what can we do for you?” she said, glowering suspiciously at Kathryn’s plain dark cloak and veil, and the single satchel she had just set down.

But Kathryn had had it.

“I want,” she said in a voice made harsh by pain, “a private room—the best you have—and dinner later, when I ring. You will also have this letter delivered to Farmer Bennet, if you please. You may give the boy a shilling and put it on my account. And now you may bring my satchel and show me the way to my room.”

The landlord’s wife knew when she had met her match. Quality! Didn’t she know the haughty sound of them, riding roughshod over everybody! But no matter how odd they looked or acted, they paid their shot. She had not failed to notice the bulging reticule, and if the plain traveling cloak was not an expensive one, the lady’s elegant shining boots more than made up for it. She therefore took the satchel and led the way to a clean, airy room on the second floor. It was her finest room, and she started to say something about its excellences as she ushered Kathryn into it, but again the guest forestalled her.

“This will do,” Kathryn said. “I’ll ring when I’m ready for dinner.”

Whether it was the voice, or Kathryn’s air of authority, or the formidable veil which did the trick, Kathryn never knew. But the landlord’s wife left the room at once and closed the door quietly behind her.

Pausing only long enough to lock it, and to throw off the bonnet and veil and the heavy cape, Kathryn staggered over to the bed with her last ounce of energy, sank down into its feather-softness, and lost consciousness.

It was full dark when she opened her eyes. The leaded windows were open. Kathryn drew a deep breath. Delicious! London air had never smelled—abruptly she oriented herself. New York, she reminded herself grimly. New York’s your home, not London. Don’t let it get you, Kathryn, this flower-sweet air and the quiet peace, and the people. Bennet, yes—but there’s Lord John and Donner, too. There’s love here, but there’s danger and hate. Don’t you ever forget that! Your business is to lie low until you can get to that portrait. It’s your one link with home—with reality. Now, pull yourself together, Kathryn Hendrix, librarian, of New York, U.S.A.

She found and lit a candle on the bureau, and was trying to wash her face, one-handed, in a china bowl, when she heard a light tapping on the door, and a cautious voice calling, “Missus Radcliffe! Are you awake, ma’am?”

‘Radcliffe?’ Just for a split second, Kathryn’s mind lurched. Then she recalled that Bennet had written her brother to ask for Kathryn by the name of Radcliffe. What a sensible idea that had been! Her own name would have provided a clear lead to anyone searching for her near the Manor. She went over to the door, but didn’t open it.

“I am awake,” she called out. “Who is it? What do you want?”

“Ma’am, it’s the chambermaid. Farmer Bennet is here to see you.”

“Good,” said Kathryn. “Ask him to await me in the parlor—you do have a private room downstairs?”

“Oh, yes, ma’am,” the maid answered proudly.

“Very well. I shall be down shortly. Please instruct the cook to serve a plain, hot meal, and to set the table for two. Mr. Bennet will be my guest.”

The maid clattered away down the stairs, and Kathryn began the awkward process of making herself presentable with the use of only one arm. Her hair was a tangled mass. Opening the satchel, Kathryn found a comb and brush and tried to tidy it. Hopeless. She searched for and discovered a pair of scissors in the satchel. Evidently Bennet had accepted the necessity of removing the glorious mane even if she hadn’t been able to bring herself to do it.

Now Kathryn cut and snipped away until the shining red-gold mass lay all around her feet, and the pale face of Nadine, framed in a boyish bob, stared out at her from the speckled mirror. The pale green eyes looked even larger under the halo of curls; the piquant nose and sensuous lips seemed even lovelier in the youthful frame. Hastily sweeping up all of the tresses she could discover in the inadequate light of the single candle, Kathryn wrapped them in an undergarment and hid them in the satchel to be disposed of later. Then she tidied herself as well as she could, put on the bonnet and veil and cloak, and went down to the parlor to meet Bennet’s brother.

A big, heavy-set man stood before the fire, facing the door. He had a solemn craggy face topped with sandy hair, and the roundest blue eyes Kathryn had ever seen. He advanced toward her, and Kathryn had the fleeting notion that one of his own Scottish mountains was looming over her. In one huge, work-roughened hand he held Bennet’s letter.

“Ah’m Reechard Bunnet, at yer sairvice, mu’m,” were the sounds that rumbled from the man. “Ond ye must be the leddy fra Amurica.” And while she was translating this into English, Richard Bennet smiled.

At that moment Kathryn would have put her hand in his and walked across the world. For Richard Bennet had a smile that would charm the fish from the streams. The craggy face was illuminated with incredible sweetness. She could understand his sister’s praise. Without hesitation she went to him and offered her hand.

“Yes, I’m Kathryn Radcliffe. And I’ve come to stay with you, if you’ll have me.” As she spoke, she lifted the heavy veil and put it back from her face.

Richard’s smile slowly faded and his blue eyes opened wide. “Och, you’re bonny, Mistress Radcliffe, You’re the bonniest lass Ah’ve ever set eyes upon.”

Kathryn was startled into a laugh. “You come right to the point, don’t you? That’s the nicest thing anyone’s said to me for a long time.” She dimpled up at him. “There’s a rumor that the Scots are a dour and taciturn race, but that’s an obvious falsehood, I see.”

Richard grinned. “Och, now, Mistress Radcliffe, normally Ah’m the dourest and most taciturn of men—Ah’d never use two words when one would suffice—but Ah’m just that knocked over by meeting you that my whole nature’s changed entirely. From now on,” he concluded, smiling down at her, “Ah’m sure to be known as ‘that garrulous Scot.’ ”

Kathryn chuckled, but she felt compelled to look away from the open admiration in his face. She noticed the table set for two, and motioned that he join her there.

“Shall we sit down? You have read your sister’s letter. Are you willing to help me?”

“Maggie has her wits about her, Mistress Radcliffe. If she says you’re to be taken to the farm, that’s where you’ll go. She’s an awful tyrant, our Maggie, in a nice quiet way. I doubt not that it’s associating with the Quality has done it to her.” The blue eyes were twinkling at her. “Och, aye, she’s a managing woman, is Maggie, but she’s always right. See what she’s sent me this time!”

“Mr. Bennet, you are a flirt—”

“Call me Richard, Ma’am.”

“And a deceiver,” continued Kathryn inexorably. “That very charming but almost unintelligible Scots burr seems to come and go as you need it. Now we must be serious. There are reasons why I must keep out of sight—keep a low profile, as we say where I come from. I’ll put this veil back on now until our meal is served; then can we lock the door while we eat—and talk?”

Richard Bennet was serious at once. “No one will intrude, ma’am, if you so instruct.”

“Very well.” Kathryn replaced the veil and rang the bell on the table. A kitchen maid brought in a huge tray loaded with meat and vegetables. When she left, Kathryn lifted her hand to the veil, but a gesture from Richard stopped her. In a moment the girl returned with a second load of food and drink which she set on a sideboard. Then she stood waiting. Kathryn said gently, “This is very appetizing, thank you. I shall ring when I need you.”

The girl bobbed a curtsey and scurried out.

Richard gently lifted the heavy traveling cape from Kathryn’s shoulders and then seated himself beside her. She put back the veil and looked at the food on the table.

“I’ll cut your food for you, ma’am,” said Richard.

Kathryn felt a giggle of mirth rising in her throat. The huge man sounded so like his tiny sister. She smiled. “I can see I’ve come to the right person,” she said. “What did your sister tell you in the letter?”

“You may read it, ma’am, later. Just now you should try to eat a little.”

He worked deftly with knife and fork, selecting and carving choice tidbits for her plate. It was heartwarming to be treated like a smile child, protected and loved, and she basked in the feeling. Under his gentle coaxing, she hardly realized how much she was eating, but finally she relaxed against the chairback and smiled at him.

“Enough, Richard! You’ll make me fat!”

The big man, who had managed to stow away a formidable repast in spite of his close attendance upon her needs, sat back also and regarded her soberly. “To business, Mistress Radcliffe.”

“First, is it an imposition for me to stay at your farm? Your sister said you wouldn’t mind, but I’m thinking now of your reputation in the county.”

His smile emerged. “No fear of that, ma’am. I’m notorious for picking up waifs and strays,” he said, outrageously. Then, at her involuntary laugh, he went on, “There was a widow-lady with her wee bairn stayed at the farm last year, and a poor scholar-body of Oxford College, who was ailing from too much study, the year before that. My sister sends them, or Lord John does, or others in the family. We’ve a fine large guest room, and a verra rrespectable cook-woman” (rolling his r’s), “name of Cameron, who lives in the house and sorts us all. We’re so respectable it’s painful,” he ended with a sheepish smile.

Kathryn was laughing again. “You’ve relieved my mind, Richard, and since I’m supposed to be a respectable widow-lady myself, I’ll do no harm to your reputation.”

He nodded agreement, his round blue eyes bright. If he had caught the “supposed to be,” he made no comment.

After a moment, she went on. “I’m not sure how much your sister told you, but I’ve got to stay hidden in the neighborhood of Elsingham Manor for a little while, and I want to earn my living so I can pay you for my—”

She silenced his instant protest. “You must allow me my pride, Richard. I have reasons for not wanting to spend any more than I must of this money.” She indicated the bulging reticule. “So I will ask you now: is there anything on your farm or near it—I would rather not go into Elsinghurst Village itself—that I could do?”

“Your arm is broken,” he said, more reminder than question.

“Yes, but it’s healing quickly. A few more days and I can take off the splints.”

The man nodded. Kathryn liked it in him that he did not offer further argument or protest. He obviously knew what it was to have to earn a living, and he had his own pride. After a moment’s thought he asked, “What can you do then?”

“I can teach: French, elementary mathematics, geography, some history, English language and literature.” She paused, held by the open admiration on his face.

“Och, Mistress Radcliffe, that’s a grand list, indeed!” He said with a twinkle, “Can ye no do more?”

Kathryn smiled back at him. “Yes, I can, you outrageous Scot. I am a qualified librarian.”

A new expression had wiped the humor from his face. “Librarian, is it now? And isn’t that the grand news?”

“Does the village need a librarian? I mustn’t be seen near the Manor, so I hope it’s not—”

“The Vicar,” said Richard. “He resides in a fine house, also the gift of the old lord, not five miles from our farm. He serves the spiritual needs of both Crofton and Elsinghurst. He is a gentle, fashless, scholarly old fellow, who can recite you the dates of the Punic Wars but can’t tell you what day this is. He has a house full of books, and he’s just inherited another library from an uncle who was as much of a bookworm as he is himself. The poor old man is pushed out of house and home with the sheer bulk of learning he owns. ¼Tis obviously your Christian duty to rescue the poor wee man.”

“But that’s wonderful!” Kathryn exclaimed. “I’ll go over and offer my services tomorrow! I can arrange his books, and shelf and catalogue them—”

“I mind hearing him say there’s many of them in Latin and Greek,” interrupted Richard. “Would you be having these languages by any chance?”

“I have a little Latin. No Greek.”

“Still and all, the good man should be happy to have you with one ancient tongue,” conceded Richard. “Now, will you come with me this night—I’ve a trap here and a stolid old cob will get you to the farm as safe as an egg in a basket—or will you stay the night at the inn?”

“I’ll come with you now, Richard. Maybe your cook will help me to bed. I’d just as soon no one here knew of my broken arm.” She hesitated, then asked, “Will she talk about me, Richard? Tell everyone about my arm and what I look like?”

Richard said quietly, “Rest your mind easy about that, Mistress Radcliffe. Elspeth Cameron will have plenty to say to you in private, if you do aught she disapproves of, but she’d rather be boiled in one of her own kettles than talk about farm business to any Sassenach—that’s you English,” he explained with a grin.

“Not me,” said Kathryn stoutly. “I’m an American.” She got up, adjusted the veil and handed Richard her reticule. “Please pay the landlord for my room and the excellent meal. Ask the girl to bring down my things. I’m really too weary to climb the stairs again.”

At once Richard got up and went out. She could hear him, low-voiced, arranging to have his horse put to, and paying the bill. In a moment the little chambermaid was back, holding Kathryn’s satchel. “I put in your comb and brush, ma’am, and your soap in the silver box,” she said, wide-eyed.

“Thank you. You must have” (what did they call it in the 1770s?) “a gratuity,” Kathryn said from behind the veil.

The girl bobbed and smiled. “Mr. Bennet, he already give me money from your purse, ma’am, and some for the kitchen maid too.”

“Good,” said Kathryn, hoping Richard’s beneficence hadn’t turned her into a nine days’ wonder in case Lord John ever made inquiries for a lady with a broken arm. Still, she’d hidden that fact, she was sure, and the veil had hidden Nadine’s face. And the too-memorable hair.

Richard let her out and helped her into the small two-wheeled carriage, stowed her satchel under the seat, and took his place beside her. The landlord, his wife, and the chambermaid all stood on the broad doorstep, waving them off, with the well-lighted inn looking cozy as a Christmas card behind them.

Kathryn had determined to ask many questions about the Vicar and the farm, but before she knew it she was fast asleep against Richard’s shoulder, with his arm firm and gentle around her. And so she came to Bennet Farm.





Ten





She woke very early with the sound of cowbells sweetly discordant, and a very unmelodious voice raised in Covenanting hymns directly beneath her room. She stretched luxuriously. The bed was firm enough to give her support; the linen was sweet with lavender, which came to her nose in fragrant whiffs every time she moved. The windows in her room were small, with many tiny leaded panes. Ruffled white curtains moved in the gentle breeze from the open windows. The early sunlight flickered on them like flakes of gold.

Kathryn’s gaze slid lazily over the coverlet, a cheerful bright patchwork in blue and white; the floor, of oak polished to a satiny glow and covered with hand-woven blue rugs; a big old fashioned dresser with a starched white cloth on the top of it, and a heavy armoire, or cupboard, occupying most of one wall. A tiny round mirror hung above the dresser, so high that one would have to go on tiptoe to see one’s face. Kathryn’s lips quirked into a smile. She would be willing to bet that the owner of the voice singing doleful hymns had chosen that mirror. Trust a dour Scot to avoid the very appearance of vanity! Plain living and high thinking for you, my girl, she told herself; and then, more soberly, it’s what you’re used to, Kathryn Hendrix, so you’ll be right at home.

The words had a good ring. I’ve never really had a home, she thought, quite without self-pity, rather with a kind of self-discovery. Isn’t it strange I should feel so much at home in this English farmhouse, two hundred years before my birth? A little shiver of unease ran through her. Don’t get too attached to all this!

“Time I was up and about the business of earning my living.” In a library, too! Even if it was a multilingual hodge-podge, the choice and inheritance of an unworldly eighteenth century clergyman, it should be fascinating and absorbing. And rather a change from the flesh-pots of high society in London . . .

Kathryn sat up abruptly, not liking the direction her thoughts were taking. What folly to remember a pair of gray eyes warm with emotion, a golden head bent to hers, a deep voice saying, “You cannot deny that we do have—something for each other?”

Whatever they had, thought Kathryn crossly, it was Nadine and John who had it, not Kathryn. She got out of bed so quickly that she hurt her arm. It was then she realized that she was wearing a nightgown—too short, but very voluminous. She couldn’t remember putting it on last night—in fact, she couldn’t remember getting to bed at all. The managing Elspeth Cameron had probably managed that. And if she were the doleful singer, what had she thought of Nadine’s nighties? Giggling, Kathryn slipped out of bed and padded over to the dresser on bare feet. She pulled open the top drawer. Yes, there were Nadine’s seductive French wisps, a drift of sheer pastels, so light they seemed almost ready to float out of the drawer. Kathryn picked up a sea-foam green confection and held it to her chest over the heavy linen nightgown. She chuckled. If Glamor Magazine could see me now! She began to waltz slowly, singing under her breath, “In my sweet little Alice blue gown . . .”

“Sing before breakfast, you’ll cry before supper,” came a harsh voice from the doorway.

Kathryn whirled, snatching the pretty negligee away from her body. A short, heavy-set woman, whose black hair was pulled painfully away from her face into a tight bun at the nape of her thick neck, was standing just inside the opened door. She wore a black dress with a huge white apron over it. She came in without invitation and shut the door.

“You’ve no business out of bed in your bare feet, Missus. You’ll catch your death of cold, and be an added burden on them that has to take care of you. Surely you ken that on a working farm” (her accent made “wurrrkin’ fahrum” out of the phrase),”there’s no extra hands to care for idle folk.”

Well, thought Kathryn, drawing a long breath, if that doesn’t discourage fun and games, I don’t know what would! She walked slowly over to the bed, but sat on the side and looked directly into the beady black eyes of her challenger.

“I’m quite well enough to be up and doing,” she said quietly. “I shall not cause anyone any trouble.”

“Ye may tell that last to one who hasna seen your face and figure,” replied her tormentor tartly. “Or observed you dancing and singing in your nightshift.”

“Is singing forbidden on Bennet Farm?” Kathryn asked. “I was sure I heard someone belting out a very doleful hymn a few minutes ago.”

If she meant to discomfit the lady who was most likely to have been the performer, Kathryn failed of her purpose. The newcomer said dourly, “Hymns are a different matter, Missus, as any decent Christian creature should know. And I had already broken my fast.”

Well, thought Kathryn, I asked for it. Suddenly very thankful for the money in her reticule, Kathryn spoke with the poise of one who is paying his rent. “Are you the cook?”

“I am Elspeth Cameron, indeed, and I take care of the household while Mistress Bennet is absent. Which is most of the time,” added the cook, with what Kathryn perceived to be considerable relish. “She’s back and forth between the Manor and his lordship’s fine London dwelling. His lordship’s nurse, she was.”

Kathryn realized that she was no match for this battle-maid. Since she would have to live with the woman for several days, at least, until Bennet could get the portrait to the Manor and arrange to have Kathryn smuggled in, she had better keep the peace. She would also need help in bathing and dressing until her arm was completely healed. Kathryn took another look at the sour, disapproving face of Elspeth Cameron, and shivered. She simply couldn’t have those heavy hands on her body. She’d have to find a way to manage for herself. Perhaps—

“Is there a young girl in the neighborhood whom I can engage as a maid?”

The disapproving look deepened. “Is it an abigail you’ll be wanting, then, Missus? I doubt there’d be one in this vicinity would suit a fine leddy. Mostly they’re farmers’ daughters, more used to milkin’ and muckin’ out the barns than fussin’ with such stuff as that, yon,” and she jerked her head at the peignoir with a sniff.

“I see I shall have to find one myself,” Kathryn forced herself to speak calmly. “Thank you for coming up to waken me. I shall be down for my breakfast in half an hour.” She turned away and went to the wardrobe to find the clothing she had worn the previous day. After a minute she heard the door close.

It was all of half an hour before she was able to descend the stairs. She had given herself a hasty, one-handed sponge bath. It had been very awkward getting into the unfamiliar clothing, and she had deliberately left off some of the more esoteric undergarments. Her hair had been easy: a few hard sweeps with the brush had sent it into an enchanting halo for the pale beautiful face. Kathryn felt no envy nor pride. It was Nadine’s face; she could admire it without self-adulation. Gathering her courage, Kathryn went downstairs.

The farmhouse was very large, very comfortable, and very clean. It would take a pretty rash grain of dust to invade Elspeth Cameron’s domain, thought Kathryn, following her nose to the kitchen. Well, if smell is any criterion, I’ll be the best fed American tourist in all of England.

The food was delicious, but Kathryn had trouble with some of it. The porridge was ambrosial—heavy with coarse brown sugar and cream that was as thick and yellow as custard. The poached eggs were a tender delight, and the strong dark tea (did everyone in England drink it this black?) put heart into her. But she couldn’t begin to cut the thick slice of ham one-handed, and she stared with dismay at the roast beef and the covered pie.

“Is there something wrong with the food?” challenged Elspeth.

“No,” answered Kathryn honestly, “I’ve never tasted anything as good. It’s just that I can’t cut the meat with one arm.”

“Och, then you’ll surely be needing help, like I said,” Elspeth nodded. “We can’t have you wastin’ good food. ‘Waste not, want not’ is my motto.”

“You can save it for my lunch,” said Kathryn weakly.

“Will you be able to cut it any easier then?” asked Elspeth.

“I shall tear it with my teeth,” said Kathryn calmly. “Now if you will tell me where to go to find a young woman who would be willing to come to help me, I’ll get out of your way.”

The pompous sentence had its effect. Elspeth said almost placatingly, “What-all would you be wantin’ from the girl? There’s none of them up to maidin’ a fine lady.”

“I shall need some help in dressing myself until my arm heals, which should be by next week,” Kathryn enunciated clearly. “Also in cutting my food, as you have remarked. And I shall need a young woman with enough skill to make me a few simple dresses to work in.”

Elspeth’s eyebrow rose. “That last would be a sensible proceeding. You really intend to seek for employment?”

“I am a qualified librarian and am also competent to teach children,” Kathryn retorted.

“¼Tis few of the gentry would have you to instruct their bairns,” Elspeth told her.

“And why not?” snapped Kathryn.

“Because of the very strange way you have of using the language,” explained Elspeth, smugly.

Since her own sentence had come out sounding like: “Becos o’ the vayahry sturrange way ye hae o’ usin’ the longwidge,” Kathryn found herself grinning, her good humor restored. “You and me both Elspeth,” she said. “We’re nothing but a pair of foreigners among the Sassenachs. Now give me the directions to find a suitable maid.”

*****



She thought, as she walked along a green lane in the fresh morning sunlight, that Elspeth could very easily have sent her on a wild-goose chase. The small black eyes had still been hostile as she gave directions. But eventually Kathryn came to a neat, white-painted gate hung between white posts, just as Elspeth had described. She followed a wide track toward a prosperous-looking farmhouse. She was already feeling too warm, since she had donned Bennet’s cloak and bonnet. She had decided not to wear the veil.

“They’ll all have to see me sooner or later,” she thought. “Better not to make a mystery. I’ll get a white mob cap and wear it all the time over this hair. Or would black be better?” There was an unpleasant feel to that idea. Where had she—oh! Donner’s white face closely encased in a black cap like a helmet. Well, she wouldn’t wear anything like that. Maybe she’d show these English something new in widow’s caps. Smiling faintly at that idea, she went, still following Elspeth’s instructions, around to the kitchen door at the rear of the building.

There was a cheerful sound of women’s voices and the clatter of pots. At her knock, one comfortable voice rose above the rest. “Hush now, girls, you’re like a treeful of starlings with your chatter!” and then, louder, “Come in, Sarah!”

Kathryn pushed open the door. All sound abruptly ceased. A fat motherly woman came toward her, wiping floury arms on her apron. “I’m sorry, I’m sure, ma’am. We were expecting our friend from Crofton—”

“I wish I were she,” said Kathryn. “I’m Kathryn Radcliffe, and I’m staying at Bennet Farm for a few weeks.”

“Please to come in, ma’am! Poll, dust off a chair for Mistress Radcliffe! This way, please—or perhaps you would prefer to sit in the parlor?” The farmer’s wife was flustered, but seemed genuinely hospitable.

“Thank you! This chair will be fine. You all sounded so happy as I come along. Please don’t let me interrupt!”

The cluster of pretty girls staring at Kathryn with avid interest now broke into a chorus of giggles, except for one slender miss with soft brown eyes. “Oh, hush up, you ninnies! Mother, can’t we offer Mistress Radcliffe something?”

That we can, Polly. Ma’am, would you fancy a cup o’ tea?”

“I’d love a glass of cold water,” confessed Kathryn. “The walk made me thirsty.”

At a glance from her mother, Polly ran to fetch it, and brought it carefully. The glass was sparkling clean and the water cool and clear. Kathryn sipped it slowly, trying to observe the girls without seeming to stare. There were five of them, all fresh-faced and clean and wholesome; the youngest possibly twelve or thirteen, the oldest, the one with brown eyes, probably seventeen or eighteen. They had been making bread and cookies, and the kitchen was full of mouth-watering odors.

All the women stood watching Kathryn, their faces smiling and friendly. Kathryn handed the empty glass to Brown Eyes. “You are Mistress Bradley, are you not? And these are your daughters?”

The buxom woman beamed at her brood. “Indeed ma’am, they are, every one, And a help to their mother, if I do say so as should not.”

“But you should,” smiled Kathryn. “Mrs. Cameron tells me they are the best behaved and most accomplished of all the young women in the district.”

“Did she, then?” marveled Mrs. Bradley, and the young girls went off into another spasm of giggling. She’s such a sour body, I’m surprised she spoke so civil.”

“She told me,” pursued Kathryn, “that all your daughters could cook and wash and iron, and that the eldest, Polly, was an accomplished seamstress as well.”

Polly’s pretty face became pink with pleasure.

“She said no less than the truth,” boasted the farmer’s wife. “Our Poll is a wonder!”

“Then would you,” coaxed Kathryn, “permit her to come to the Bennet Farm daily to help me? I have had an accident with my arm, and I’m still very awkward. Also,” she hurried on, afraid of a rebuff, “I need several neat, simple black dresses and caps to be made at once. I am,” she concluded, “recently widowed.”

This latter intelligence wiped all the smiles from their faces, and set them to murmuring condolences. Kathryn kept her eyes on the farmer’s wife. “Could you spare me Polly for just a week or two?” She turned to the girl. “If you would care to come?”

The brown eyes were sparkling with excitement. “I would care to come very much.”

Her mother appeared pleased but dubious. “She’s had no training to maid a lady, ma’am. Nor to make such fine stylish gowns as you would wish to wear—”

“Plain, simple and sensible,” corrected Kathryn firmly. “Suitable for a working widow.” She noted their surprise, and added rashly, “I am going to catalogue the books in the Vicar’s library. That is sure to be dusty work. No place for a fine, stylish dress,” she added with a smile.

Mrs. Bradley chuckled richly. “If you can find the shelves for the clutter, and locate the Vicar himself long enough to give you directions! He’s God’s good man, indeed, but he’s the most forgetful, most helpless—” She shrugged. “I’ve been in the vicarage, times, helping Missus Latchet to clean it. Vicar lets her in once a week, if she reminds him, only he warns her not to move a single volume, lest she lose his place in it!” She laughed. “A regular rat’s nest, it is, with more books than you’d believe there were in the world, stacked on every table and chair, and on the floor—and even on the windowsills! And every one of them—as you’ll see!—with a paper or two stuck in to mark a page!” The good woman shook her head admiringly. “Do you suppose he’s really read them all?”

Evading this, Kathryn said, “I hear he’s just received another whole houseful of books from a relative, so I consider it my Christian duty to help him put them in some sort of order.”

“You’ll never do it,” chuckled the farmer’s wife. “But I can see you’ll need our Polly to help you try! You’d better plan to take her to the vicarage too, for you’ll never be able to straighten out that mess with one arm!”

“Oh, thank you, Ma!” breathed Polly. “When shall I start, Mistress Radcliffe?”

“Would today be too soon?” asked Kathryn, to everyone’s amusement. The arrangements were easy to make, the most difficulty being encountered over the sum suggested by Kathryn for Polly’s wages, which everyone, including Polly, said with a scandalized air was far too much. Kathryn hastily agreed to the miserable pittance which Mrs. Bradley thought adequate, and then made inquiries as to where suitable material could be bought. And would Polly need a pattern?

An agreeable hour was spent in dealing with these important matters. Mrs. Bradley agreed to buy the materials and all else necessary on the following Saturday, when her husband was to drive her to Elsinghurst market for supplies. Money changed hands, and everyone involved felt that a most satisfactory bargain had been made.

Walking home with the promise that Polly would wait upon her early the following morning, Kathryn felt that she was doing very well indeed in the new situation. The money in the reticule was going rapidly, but she had very little fear that she would not get the job. If the Vicar was that absent-minded, he might even think he had sent for her himself. Everyone agreed that he needed help desperately, and Kathryn was equipped to give it. Better, she thought with a little pride, than anyone living in this country at this time! So things were going satisfactorily, and as soon as Bennet had the portrait installed at the Manor, the way would be open . . .

Daydreaming thus, she was completely unprepared for the iron-faced woman who met her at the Bennet farmhouse. In one hand Elspeth held a long glowing lock of red-gold hair—held it as though it were a viper.

“Mistress Radcliffe, is it?” she hissed at Kathryn. “The chambermaid at the Crown Inn brought this. She says she found it under the bureau when she was cleaning the room you used. The silly fool thought it was so pretty it must be a keepsake belonging to the Widow Radcliffe. But we know whose head it came from, do we not? From the head of his lordship’s Irish hussy, Lady Nadine Brionny!”

Then, when Kathryn did not answer, Elspeth said triumphantly, “We are not all as easily hoodwinked as Richard Bennet is!”





Eleven





Several hours after Kathryn had left London for Crofton, Lord John came striding down the hallway toward his lady’s bedroom. He had passed a miserable night. For a while he had been unable to get to sleep, rehearsing in his mind the things he had said, and hadn’t said, and should have said, to that beautiful devil he had so foolishly married. Icy rage alternated with corrosive contempt, to be succeeded at length by the blackest despair he had ever known.

When finally he dropped into an uneasy sleep, he had a dream. In it, his door opened and a radiant Nadine came to him, her lovely arms open, such loving promise on her face as he had never seen even during their honeymoon in Paris. He had leaped out of bed to take her in his arms. Just as he was about to kiss her, her face changed and became . . .

He awoke with a cry, not knowing whether the face in the dream had horrified or delighted him. It was past ten o’clock. He had intended to rise much earlier, dress, eat, and then escort his wife to Ireland, by force if necessary.

He ordered his hovering valet to pack for a short trip, sent an order to the kitchen that a light breakfast was to be brought to her ladyship’s room in half an hour, sent another message that a footman was to be dispatched to procure two tickets for the Irish mail packet, and that his traveling coach was to be ready to leave within the hour. He called Paget back one final time, ordering him to notify one of the maids to attend her ladyship in fifteen minutes. Then he dressed himself and went to his wife’s room.

As he strode down the hall, he was trying to banish from his mind the uneasiness which the dream had left with him. He took the key from his pocket and unlocked milady’s bedroom door. In an instant all memory of the dream was gone. The room was empty. He went into her powder closet, even opened the huge armoire he had brought her in Paris—“large enough to make love in,” she had said, teasing him. She was not anywhere.

His furious glance lighted upon Bennet, entering the bedroom with a solemn face, and his anger found an outlet. “Where is she?” he demanded. “How did she get out? I thought I told you she was to be left alone—!”

“Is her ladyship gone, then?” asked Bennet calmly. “Is that a note she’s left you?” Walking quickly to the bed, she bent and picked up a folded paper lying partly under the ruffled valance.

“Let me see it!” snapped his lordship.

She handed it to him and watched as he read it

“She’s gone to Ireland with that creature!” he said, anger mingling with another emotion he refused to identify. “Well, good riddance. Of course I’ll have to make sure she really gets there, and doesn’t turn up in Brighton or Paris to dishonor my name further!”

Bennet surprised him “Take shame to yourself, Master John,” she said in the very voice he remembered from his youthful escapades. “You’ve driven that poor pretty child right into the arms of the wickedest creature I ever knew.”

“Driven her! She was running to perdition before I ever laid eyes on her—and God knows how many she’s corrupted on her way! I know of two she’s worked on—Randall Towne and yourself! Didn’t I see you with her just a few hours ago, working black magic with her damnable drugs?”

“For shame, sir! ¼Twas a poor bewildered child trying to find herself, and I there to show her, as gently as I could, where her true place was. Look you now, Master John, the ‘damnable drug’ I was giving her,” and Bennet held out the little brown bottle. And I hope the good Lord forgives me, she thought, earnestly, for I know what I know and I’m trying to do things for the best.

Lord John was looking at the bottle. It was empty, dry, and clean.

“I washed it last night,” volunteered Bennet, without mentioning what time.

Lord John stared at it, sniffed, upended it, then threw it in a corner. Bennet was going to chide him for this show of childishness, but a careful look at his face dissuaded her. She had never seen quite that look on his lordship’s face, and she knew enough to be quiet.

Lord John was no fool, and he suspected a trick, but the evidence he had, pointed to the truth of Bennet’s analysis of the situation. After a minute’s thought, he glanced at her. “If Lady Nadine has in truth gone to join Donner, I shall have to follow and make sure she is safely settled at Brionny Keep.”

“You’ll surely not leave her ladyship in that creature’s care?” protested Bennet.

“Of course not. I’ll give the woman over to the nearest magistrate for trial, and then set up a decent couple, man and wife, to look after her ladyship. I planned to do so all along.” He turned away wearily, to meet his valet who was hurrying along the hall. “Well, Paget?”

“Everything you ordered is in train, sir. Your breakfast, your traveling coach, your luggage packed and stowed in your coach, the tickets for the Irish Mail will be here by the time you’ve eaten, and a maid has her ladyship’s tray prepared—” He broke off to look past Lord John to Bennet standing in the center of the room.

“Thank you, Paget. You have been as efficient as ever,” said Lord John quietly. “Her ladyship has already left. I shall be meeting her at the dock.” His face was calm and imperturbable, as was Paget’s, but Bennet wondered with a sudden pang how many times Lord John had had to make just such quiet-voiced excuses, and to whom.

“Lord Peter and Mr. Towne are here, milord,” said Paget. “I asked them to wait in the morning room. Shall I tell them you are engaged?”

“No, I’ll see them,” said Lord John heavily. He turned to look over his shoulder at his nurse, and tried to smile. “Thank you, Bennet. You’ve helped me. And thank you for your kindness to—her. Stay here for a few more days and enjoy your holiday. It hasn’t been a very pleasant one so far.”

“God bless and keep you, Master John” whispered Bennet. “And her, too.”

“Amen to that,” he replied huskily, and went down to meet his waiting friends.

Over a breakfast that none of them ate, he shared as much as he had to of the problem which faced him.

“I would not speak of this even to you,” he concluded grimly, “except that I need your help. That devil may not have taken Nadine to Ireland. If she’s not at Brionny Keep, and I have to look elsewhere, I’d be glad of your assistance.”

Lord Peter got up at once. “I’ll go home and pack. Can you spare the time to pick me up on your way to Liverpool?”

“Of course. And you, Randy—will you enquire at the posting houses and at the ports for France? In case she’s gone to Paris?”

“I will,” said Randall, and went out without another word. Lord Peter hurried after him.

Lord John stared at the door through which his friends had gone. Then he put his head in his hands and sat at the table for a long time.





Twelve





Kathryn glared back at the woman who was obstructing the kitchen doorway. “Give me that!” she ordered, and took the lock of auburn hair from Elspeth’s grasp. Pushing past the angry woman, she went to the open fireplace and threw the hair into the flames.

Elspeth gasped. If her ladyship was a witch as well as a brazen hussy, how dared she burn her own hair? Wasn’t that a devil’s trick witches used against their enemies? Her ladyship was coming back. Elspeth made the sign against evil which she had learned as a child. Her ladyship laughed.

“I should think a truly religious woman would be above believing in such superstitions.”

“I am a true Christian, and I fear you not, either as witch or wanton!”

Kathryn controlled her anger. “Let us go and get your Bible, and I shall swear to you that I am not, in truth or spirit, Lady Nadine Elsingham, as God is my witness,” she said quietly.

“Blasphemy!” Elspeth cried out.

“Nonsense. I am neither profane nor mocking. For a true believer, you seem remarkably forgetful. Let me quote two passages which seem to have slipped your mind. One is ‘Judge not that ye be not judged,’ and the other advises us, ‘Judge not according to appearance, but judge righteous judgment.’ ”

Shaken but still holding to her anger, Elspeth muttered, “ ‘The Devil can quote scripture for his own purposes.’ ”

Kathryn sighed. “Oh, Elspeth Cameron, can you really believe that I am that unhappy woman? What do you know of the dark forces that dragged her to her present state? Is there no pity in your heart for any creature?”

“I save my pity for them that merits it,” said Elspeth. “If you aren’t that hussy, what are you doing here?”

“I came because Bennet sent me, to give me a rest and a chance to heal my arm,” began Kathryn.

Elspeth made an ugly sound of scorn. “Maggie Bennet is a fool. She lives like an innocent at the Manor, praised and cosseted and deferred to, in a pretty little world of her own. She vaunts herself on believing no evil of anyone, even if the same is proven and common knowledge. Every servant at the Manor knows better than to tell her anything that might threaten her image of her nursling—”

“And what could even the most malicious gossip say against his lordship?” demanded Kathryn with a heat that surprised herself.

“Och, so now you know his lordship, do you? I thought it was only Bennet you were acquainted with,” sneered Elspeth. “The gossip, as well you know, was about his lordship’s wife, a red-haired Irish wanton, and his rash folly in so hastily wedding her, and the ugly scandals she has put upon him ever since. But you, Mistress red-haired Radcliffe of wherever you’re from—you wouldn’t have heard anything about that, would you?”

“I can only repeat what I have said,” Kathryn reiterated wearily, cursing the day she adopted the name Radcliffe instead of her own. “I am not Lady Nadine. I am going to my room to rest. And you may do whatever you like.” She turned and walked slowly up the stairway, leaving an angry, self-righteous woman behind her.

“I’ll begin by telling Richard Bennet what I think,” Elspeth cried out after her. “He’ll know how to handle the likes of you.” When the girl did not answer, Elspeth stumped back to the kitchen to prepare the evening meal. The fact that she was beginning to have doubts about her deductions did not sweeten her temper in the least. It was inconceivable to her that anyone as wicked as Lord John’s wife was rumored to be could invoke the Holy Name so persistently without reprisal from on high. And yet—

Elspeth had hated the whey-faced, green-eyed creature from the moment that Richard Bennet had carried her into the guest bedroom in his own arms, and ordered her to undress the interloper and put her to bed. Those undergarments! No decent woman would be caught dead in them. Dead—! Elspeth sliced through a crusty load of bread with a savage slash of the big knife. To think that that creature should sit at the table across from Richard Bennet this night, and smile upon him, and stare at him out of those green eyes—and eat the bread that Elspeth Cameron had baked with her own honest hands . . .! It was not to be borne! Be she Irish wanton or Colonial trash, it was Elspeth’s clear duty to send her away from decent God-fearing folk!

And if she would not be sent? The thought struck Elspeth that the great baby, Richard, like all men, might be so bewitched by a pretty face that he’d refuse to throw her out. Then what?

It would be more than righteous flesh and blood could endure, to sit and watch her play off her tricks. But if she were not sent away . . . perhaps . . .? Elspeth gave the loaf one final, vicious slash.

*****



When Richard came home, she was ready for him, presenting the image of her usual controlled self. She greeted him as she always did, asked and answered the usual questions. Only when he enquired after their guest did her voice raise a little. She told him of the lock of hair and stated her belief that their guest was none other than the Lady Nadine, up to some deviltry.

During her recital Richard’s face became unusually stern. “If this is so,” he said at length, “and our guest is that lady, I cannot perceive that it is any of my business—or yours.”

“Not your business?” Elspeth repeated incredulously. “This is your house! Would you permit such a—person to remain here, knowing her reputation?”

“My sister sent her here for shelter. Surely she would know if—”

“Mag Bennet is as innocent as a babe unborn,” protested Elspeth. “She’s just fool enough—”

“Elspeth Cameron,” said Richard quietly. She had never heard such iron in a man’s voice. “This is, as you remind me, my house. The lady will stay here as long as she wishes. Can you accept that? If not, then perhaps you should go.”

Leave Bennet Farm? Leave its master? To her inner rage, Elspeth found herself cravenly agreeing to accept anything and anyone Richard Bennet ordered. The thought of being banished from this house was more than her spirit could endure.

Richard gave her his gentle smile, willing to forget and forgive, anxious to wipe out the memory of an unpleasant scene. But Elspeth Cameron, though silenced, would never forget.





Thirteen





Young Polly Bradley, introduced into the household at Bennet Farm as abigail, sleeping on a truckle bed in one corner of Kathryn’s room, soon succumbed to a serious case of hero-worship. She was convinced that Mistress Radcliffe was the most beautiful, kindest, cleverest woman she had ever met. Poll very quickly learned, though, not to try to share her enthusiasm with Elspeth Cameron. That dour and formidable woman went about her duties with a face of stone, discouraging conversation.

Poll, wistfully hungry for knowledge, insatiably curious, had soon discovered that the lady she served had been to a college. Kathryn was the only woman she had ever heard of who had had that distinction. “But ma’am,” Poll had said, “I didn’t know them great places ever let a female in? Where was it you went?”

“It was called Radcliffe—and then I went to Columbia. Neither of them are in this country at all. They are in America.”

“One o’ them forrin places,” sighed Poll, enchanted, as she continued to sew the dress she was making for her mistress. She loved these quiet hours in the fine bedroom, working and talking with the fine lady. Her eager young mind was stretching under the stimulus of Kathryn’s conversation, as the latter was well aware. Challenged by Poll’s avid questions, she found herself discussing history and literature, quoting poetry, explaining Greek and Roman myths. She tried to force herself to remember where and when she was, and tell the child nothing which would harm or bring her into question among her contemporaries, if she should repeat it.

Kathryn was spending most of her time in her bedroom, coming down only for meals and the long walks she took for exercise. Elspeth’s face was a constant grim reminder of danger. Kathryn had no desire to arouse any further suspicions, either of witchcraft or madness. But it was hard to resist Poll’s youthful enthusiasm and admiration, so she permitted the girl to work in the room, and often read to her while she sewed, or told her stories.

“What was the name of that female creature who turned people into rocks, now, ma’am?”

“Medusa? She was one of a charming family called Gorgons. There were three sisters, and not pretty like you and your sisters. In fact, the Gorgons had serpents—live serpents—instead of hair. And they were so hideous to look at that anyone unfortunate enough to catch a glimpse of them was turned into stone.”

Poll giggled. “Elspeth Cameron must have seen one of them,” she whispered. “Turned her mug to stone. I ha’n’t never seen her smile once since I come.”

“Came,” Kathryn corrected gently. Poll had asked for help “with her talk,” and the educator in Kathryn couldn’t resist the opportunity. She carefully guided the girl’s thoughts away from the subject of Elspeth. “You’ve nearly finished my dress, haven’t you? You’re so quick! And the fichu is very becoming!”

“It’s my lucky Ma thought to get a bit o’ white,” agreed Poll, easily diverted. “If you’ll forgive me, ma’am, for gettin’ personal, you’re much too young and—pretty—for all this black.”

“Flattery will get you anywhere,” teased Kathryn. “Are you bucking for a raise?”

“Bucking? A raise?” Poll was bewildered by the unfamiliar terms.

“Plotting for a bigger salary,” explained Kathryn, smiling.

Poll chuckled incredulously at this humorous idea. “You’re teasing me, ma’am! Ma says it’s way too much I’m getting now. She’s afraid it will spoil me. Of course she takes all of it to put away for my dowry, so it’s little chance I have of being spoilt by any of it!”

Kathryn laughed with her, but the words had touched a real worry of her own. The money in the reticule was almost gone. She would have to have work very soon, or let Poll go. She still had not heard from Bennet, nor, for that matter, anything about events in London or Lord John. Apparently the Bennets, as a family, were not voluminous correspondents. She decided to ask Richard this very evening about the job with the Vicar, and what had happened in London of late—oh, very casually!

They always ate all the meals in the huge, comfortable old farm kitchen. Richard at the head of the table, Elspeth taking Maggie Bennet’s place at the foot, the two unmarried men who helped Richard work the farm on one side, and Kathryn and Poll on the other. Richard had insisted that Kathryn be seated at his right. Elspeth, silent and stern-faced, was up and down serving throughout the meal, scorning offered assistance. That night, while Elspeth was clearing the table, and the young men were leaving the house for their own hut with many a shy glance at pretty Poll, Kathryn spoke to her host. She tried to keep her tone light.

“Richard, it is time I had gainful employment. Have you spoken to the absent-minded Vicar?”

He gave her his slow smile. “That I have, Mistress Radcliffe. When he heard your qualifications, ¼twas all I could do to keep him from storming the farm at once. I advised him he’d have to possess his soul in patience till your arm healed.”

Kathryn, very conscious of Elspeth’s listening ears, said quietly, “I’d like to begin to work as soon as possible. I really need the money. Can you arrange for me to meet with him tomorrow?”

“I’ll drive you over myself, tomorrow afternoon,” promised Richard. “If you’re sure you are well enough.”

*****



Driving along the green lanes behind the sedate old cob, Kathryn felt a sense of relief. It was good to be heading toward work she loved and could do, good to be getting away from Elspeth’s hostile presence. She had an idea.

“Does the Vicar have servants who live in the vicarage?”

“Yes, he has one old fellow, Newton, who cooks and looks after his clothing. The vicarage is large enough to house a half dozen, but Vicar lives plain. Oh, there’s Mrs. Latchet, from Elsinghurst Village. She comes in once a week to clean up.” Richard chuckled. “I don’t envy the poor woman. Vicar absolutely forbids her to touch a single book or paper, and she says there’s no level surface in the whole house that isn’t covered with one or the other, or both!”

Kathryn joined his laughter. “Wall-to-wall books? I’ll feel right at home. And that reminds me. It’s time I found other lodging, closer to the vicarage. No,” she halted his protest, “I can’t be taking you away from your work, letting you drive me to the vicarage every day. You know that.”

“I’d not mind,” said the big man quietly. Alarm bells rang in Kathryn’s mind. She continued firmly.

“It would be very much easier on me if I lived close to my work. Do you think—could it be arranged—that I could stay at the vicarage?”

Richard gave it careful thought. “There’s enough bedrooms, surely—most of them full of boxes of books—,” he grinned. “Of course it might cause talk.”

“I couldn’t have that.”

“Perhaps if you took Poll with you?” Richard suggested. “She’s young but she’s steady. You might be glad of her strength, too. The place is a rat’s nest—no fault of Mrs. Latchet. I’ll swear the poor woman would be glad of a pair of young arms. ¼Tis a big house, the vicarage.”

Kathryn hesitated. “How much do you think the Vicar could afford to pay me? If I asked Polly to come with me, I’d need enough to pay her, too.?”

Richard grinned. “The Reverend Archibald Percy has enough to pay a dozen of you,” he said. “The living was a gift of the old master, Lord John’s father, and carries a generous stipend. Vicar gives most of it away, when he thinks about it at all. Mrs. Latchet pays the household accounts—otherwise the tradesmen would never get anything. Vicar has his mind on other matters.”

“He seems to need an accountant as well as a librarian.”

“The good man needs a manager,” smiled Richard. “I can hardly wait till you see the inside of the vicarage.”

When they entered the lovely old house a few minutes later, Kathryn decided she had never seen such an incredible confusion. The elderly manservant, Newton, ushered them past and around and through boxes of books, not yet opened, which usurped most of the spacious front hallway. With unruffled calm he led them to a sunny library at the rear of the house.

“Farmer Bennet and a lady,” he said, and walked away.

The Reverend Archibald Percy received them with gentle courtesy, had to be reminded who Richard was, thought he’d met Kathryn before, asked her if she were his cousin Sophia from Bath, then looked again and announced with a broad smile that she couldn’t be, because he’d just recollected that Sophia was his senior by ten years, and asked them to be seated.

While they were trying to discover chairs that had no covering of books, the Vicar seated himself, beamed at them, told Kathryn she was the most beautiful human being he remembered seeing, and asked them what he could do for them.

Patiently Richard reminded him that this was Mrs. Radcliffe, the widow who needed employment, and was a qualified librarian.

The Vicar stared at her, shook his head admiringly, and quoted, “ ‘Behold, the half was not told me!’ ”

Kathryn, who had decided that she liked the gentle, aristocratic, white-haired old man very much, smiled demurely and said, “I believe that is my line, O King,” and, indicating the huge piles of leather-and-gilt bound books which filled every niche and corner of the room, she finished quoting what the Queen of Sheba had said to King Solomon, “ ‘thy wisdom and prosperity exceed the fame which I heard.’ ”

The Vicar’s gaze sharpened on her face and a slow smile of pleasure tugged at his lips. “Can I believe my ears? To our rustic hamlet have you indeed brought ‘the feast and the flow of soul’? Art thou Minerva, Goddess of Wisdom?”

Kathryn laughed. “Thank you, Father Percy, but I am neither Sheba nor Minerva. Merely Kathryn—Radcliffe of New York.” Somehow it had been hard to give the wrong name to this good old man.

The Vicar focused on her lovely face. “You not only got my reference to Solomon, but you capped it! Refreshing! Very few, I may safely say almost none, of my parishioners could have done so. Well, well, so you are to be my librarian and set my books to rights.” He pulled the bell-rope; then, without waiting for his servant to arrive, called “Newton! Newton!”

The old servant must have been waiting outside the door. He entered slowly, bearing in trembling hands a large tray, much tarnished, and three glasses and a decanter.

“Newton, I see you have brought the sherry. Very well done! But perhaps our lady guest would prefer tea. Have we any tea for Mistress Radcliffe, Newton?”

“I suppose I could make some,” said Newton dubiously.” It’s not Latchet’s day, sir.” He went slowly out of the room.

“We only have afternoon tea on the days Mrs. Latchet is with us,” explained the Vicar. “Poor old Newton! He’s got sadly set in his ways. We both have, for that matter.” He smiled at Kathryn. “It will do us good to have you with us, my dear.”

“I should like very much to stay here in your house with my abigail, if it would not be too much of an imposition,” said Kathryn, striking while the iron was hot.

“Imposition? Nonsense! It would be a blessing,” protested the Vicar. “I’m sure there is room. And you offer me the opportunity of conversing with a scholarly mind! What college was it you lectured at?”

“I am a graduate of Radcliffe College and Columbia University,” said Kathryn. “They are both in America. I have not taught, but I have worked as a librarian.”

The Vicar’s eyes opened wide. “But this is most impressive! You’ll want to get to work at once, I’m sure!” He surveyed the cluttered room lovingly. “All my dear friends! Every volume a cherished possession, Mistress Radcliffe. I know I need not warn you, a true bibliophile, to handle them gently. And not—perhaps—lose the places I have marked?” he said a little anxiously. Then, reassured by her smile, “Good! I’ll go help poor Newton with the tea. He’s a good old fellow, but sadly slow and set in his ways.”

Kathryn turned to Richard after he had left. “He is a darling,” she said softly. “I’ll enjoy putting his library in order for him. Thank you for arranging it. It is going to be all right, isn’t it? My staying here with Polly, I mean.”

Richard reassured her. “He’ll love it. You heard what he said—someone to talk to who speaks his language. And Newton won’t care one way or the other. The one you’ve got to win over is Mrs. Latchet. Why don’t I take you to her home when we’re finished tea—if we ever get it,” he concluded, smiling. “What do you wager both those old fellows have completely forgotten us?”

But that was a libel. Newton appeared, tottering under the weight of an enormous tea tray. The Vicar asked Kathryn to pour for them, and enjoyed his tea so much that Kathryn resolved she would serve him some every afternoon. They took their leave soon after tea, Kathryn promising to return the following day to begin her work.

Richard drove directly to the cottage occupied by the Latchets. That good lady was at home, and so impressed by a visit from Mr. Bennet and his guest from the Colonies that she fairly glowed with excitement. She could scarcely be prevented from giving them a second tea. When Kathryn’s new job was explained to her, Mrs. Latchet’s face lighted up.

“You, ma’am, and Polly Bradley, going to stay with Vicar? That’s the best thing I’ve heard since Christmas! Not that you’ll have any comfort! The whole house is a rat’s nest of books and papers, dust-catchers! and there’s no woman born who could bring order out of it! Still, Poll’s a well-trained girl. Her Ma’s a friend of mine, and I’ve heard how kind you’ve been to Polly, ma’am, teachin’ her and all!”

“I’ve been fortunate to have her,” said Kathryn with a seriousness which endeared her to Mrs. Latchet. “She’s a bright, well-mannered child, and an excellent seamstress. She does Mrs. Bradley credit.”

Mrs. Latchet reacted warmly to this praise of her friend’s daughter. “That she does, ma’am. Well, to think of little Poll at the Vicarage! If you’re goin’ to stay there, ma’am, I’d best get over first thing in the morning and clean out a room for you. Do you move in tomorrow?”

“Yes, and I thank you for your offer to help. I don’t know how Polly and I would have managed to settle in without you.”

Beaming broadly, Mrs. Latchet saw them to the door.

As they drove away, Richard glanced at Kathryn. “You’ve a nice way with you, Mistress Radcliffe. Mrs. Latchet will now consider herself your sponsor and ally.”

“I’m sorry I couldn’t establish an equally good relationship with Miss Cameron,” said Kathryn soberly.

Richard frowned. “I can’t think what’s gotten into Elspeth. She’s always been dour, but of late she’s as threatening as a thundercloud.”

“She’ll be easier when she’s rid of me and Polly,” said Kathryn lightly. “We’ve been an extra burden.”

Richard shook his head stubbornly. “It’s more than that. She’s got a bee in her bonnet.” He frowned at Kathryn. “I’ll never understand women,” he confessed humbly. “Could she be jealous of you—Kathryn?”

The inner alarms rang wildly. Kathryn kept her voice warm and casual. “She’s done an excellent job in charge of your home, Richard. It’s unreasonable to expect that any woman so involved in running a large household could calmly accept two strangers and all the extra work that entails.”

“I don’t think that’s it,” insisted Richard. “We had Mrs. Hetherington and her child with us last year, and Elspeth wasn’t like this. I cannot understand it.”

“Well, she’s sure to feel better as soon as Polly and I are safely settled at the vicarage,” Kathryn said, and hoped very much that she was correct. Elspeth Cameron’s hostility was a tangible thing, and disturbing. If only one could confide the truth to the gentle giant beside her! But it was too dangerous. The game she was playing was for her sanity. She must remain near the Manor until Bennet could get word to her that the portrait was there. And in the meantime, Richard Bennet must be held at arm’s length—for everyone’s sake.

*****



Kathryn and Polly settled in at the vicarage with less difficulty than they had anticipated. When they arrived, Mrs. Latchet was already in the field, the Vicar had barricaded himself into his study, and Newton was in full retreat. Mrs. Latchet met them with a flushed and shining face, and sleeves rolled to the elbow.

“Come right up to your room, ma’am. Polly child, it’s a good thing you’ll be here to help! This place—!” Words apparently failed her. She had, however, accomplished a small miracle already, as Kathryn and Polly hastened to assure her. She had cleaned out a large bedroom, set up a small cot in an alcove, placed fresh linens on both the bed and the cot, washed the floor, and was busy dusting out the drawers of an old highboy.

“I haven’t much with me.” Kathryn indicated her satchel and the wrapped bundle of new dresses Polly had made her. “I came away from my home rather hastily, and had no time to pack more.”

“The Colonies,” agreed Mrs. Latchet as though she spoke of Outer Mongolia or Mars. “I’m told there’s trouble brewing there, ma’am. ¼Twas well you got away when you did. Now, Poll, you help your mistress settle in, and I’ll get on with the luncheon.”

“She used to work at the Manor,” confided Polly proudly, after Mrs. Latchet had bustled happily away. “She was upstairs maid, and got into the habits of the gentry. Luncheon at noon, and tea at four, and then dinner at all hours! As late as nine or ten at night, sometimes!”

As she prattled, she was putting Kathryn’s things in the highboy, and hanging the new dresses in the wardrobe. “There now,” she announced with satisfaction, “you’re settled, ma’am. I’ll just fetch up my own things, and get them put away.”

“And I,” said Kathryn, who had hung up Bennet’s cloak and bonnet, “will get to work!”

“You look older, ma’am,” commented Polly. “Very beautiful,” she hastened to add, “but sorrowful. I reckon it’s all the black.” For Kathryn had had the girl make a neat dark cap to go over the glowing curls and hide every sign of them. The black dress was protected by a black washable apron which Kathryn hoped would catch most of the dust.

“Well, Polly, it’s suitable attire for my job and for my station in life,” she said. “Let’s get to work.”

Downstairs, Kathryn took her time in assessing the problem. The confusion in the house, she decided, was caused by two things. No book, once taken down, was ever replaced on a shelf; there were too many books for any building which also had to serve as a dwelling. Aside from the shelf-lined study, where the Vicar had prudently locked himself in, there was a room set aside as a formal library. There were bookshelves also in the parlor, and Kathryn suspected there would be more of them in the Reverend Archibald Percy’s bedroom. Thousands of books! This was a noble holding indeed, and Kathryn’s fingers itched to get at their task. But first things first. She requested a bucket of water, soap, and cloths from Mrs. Latchet, and began to wash the painted wooden shelves. Polly came at once to help, and by lunch time they had every shelf in the library and parlor clean. The confusion of heaped books was hideous, but Kathryn surveyed it with some satisfaction.

“We’ll polish the shelves this afternoon, Polly, That’ll keep the dust from settling again.”

Polly agreed with all the fervor of her mother’s daughter. Mrs. Latchet came to call them to lunch and surveyed the clean shelves with approval. “That’s setting it to rights, ma’am! We’ll maybe get this place in order after all!”

The whole house was redolent of furniture wax, and the shelves in the library and parlor were shining, before Kathryn and Polly, exhausted, called it a day. Mrs. Latchet announced that dinner would be served in an hour, and that the Vicar had requested the pleasure of Mistress Radcliffe’s company at his board. Polly helped Kathryn wash, and took their dusty aprons with her to the kitchen. She was to have her meal there with Latchet and Newton.

Kathryn, whose whole arm and shoulder were one agonizing ache from the unaccustomed labor, was of two minds about going down to dinner. She looked longingly at the bed, so inviting with the crisp white sheets neatly turned back by Polly. Then she sighed. The Vicar obviously anticipated a pleasant evening, and she owed him that, at least, for the safe refuge he was giving her. She hadn’t covered her tracks too well, she thought wearily. She’d asked Polly not to mention her red hair, but everyone at the farm had seen it, and Elspeth would be sure to volunteer the fact and air all her suspicions if any enquiry were to be made. Well, I’ll just have to take my chances, Kathryn decided, and hope that no one comes looking for me. And then she wondered why she felt so depressed.

For the Vicar’s sake, she put her worries behind her at dinner. He held her chair for her in the small, charming dining room which looked out through wide windows onto the lawn at the back of the house. With really touching courtesy he had forborne bringing a book to the table, telling her that live conversation should be his treat this evening. Kathryn tried to match his courtesy gallantly.

“No, no, Vicar, I will not allow that a mere female can compete with Cicero and Vergil and Homer! Even Plato would only permit a few of them in his Republic.”

“But you are forgetting the prime motivator of all good talk, madam.” The Vicar’s eyes twinkled, and he paraphrased: “ ‘This was the face that launched a thousand ships!’ ” He bowed and raised his glass to her.

“You’ll not win me by flattery, sir,” Kathryn countered, racking her brain for a suitable rejoinder. And then she had it. “ ‘I fear the Greeks, even when bearing gifts!’ ”

The meal proceeded in a glow of mutual pleasure. Kathryn found her exhaustion giving way under the blandishments of good wine and food. Since arriving in this time, she had never felt so much at ease, so truly happy. The challenge, when it came, was therefore the more devastating.

“My dear,” said the Vicar gently, “I have not enjoyed such a dinner since I left the Commons at Magdalen College. But you have had an exhausting day, and I must let you retire to your room. May I say two things before you go?”

“Of course!” Kathryn smiled at him in the candle-glow.

“My house is blessed by the presence of such erudition and beauty combined—Venus and Minerva.”

Kathryn found herself unable to answer.

“But my dear child,” the Vicar went on gently, “there is no college in North America which admits both men and women. Who are you? If you are in trouble I shall count myself honored to be permitted to help you.”

Kathryn stared at him, the blood leaving her cheeks. He brought her a glass of sherry, forced her to sip it, begged her pardon, castigated himself for a foolish old man. “My dear, forgive me. I did not mean to cause you pain.”

“I shall tell you my story . . . but you will think me either mad—or—” She couldn’t say it to this kind old man.

“Not mad,” he said gently. “Never that.”

“Or possessed of a devil!”

He came to her, took her hand, stared long into her eyes. She met his searching stare bravely until her own eyes watered and the tears flowed down her cheeks.

“Poor child,” the old man said. “Who has hurt you so?” And he kissed her forehead gently. “Now tell me what is wrong.”





Fourteen





Mr. Randall Towne was kicking his elegantly-shod heels in Lord Elsingham’s library one evening when the door opened to admit the owner and Lord Peter Masterson.

“What ho!” said Randy, searching their faces. “News?”

“None,” said Lord John. “You?”

“No sign of her at any of the Channel ports; no rumor in Paris. And you know, old fellow, that if she were there—”

“Yes,” agreed John morosely. “The salons and boutiques would be buzzing.”

“No luck at all in Ireland?”

“ ‘Devil a bit,’ ” quoted Peter grimly. “I’ll swear she never got as far as Liverpool.”

“The dresser?”

“We heard that Donner had been back to Brionny, but she wasn’t there when we arrived,” John said heavily.

Randy was too shocked by the expression on his friend’s face to continue the discussion. He did have one slender clue, but before he shared it with this troubled man, he wanted to discuss the situation with Peter. Sound man, Peter. For all his great size he had plenty in his bone-box. Randy fidgeted nervously until Lord John sighed wearily. “We’re all too tired to think straight. I’m going to bed. I’ll see you both tomorrow. And about the help you’ve given me—you know how I feel—”

“Don’t say it!” begged Randy, who had a horror of being thanked especially when he was concealing a clue which might wipe the desolate look off his friend’s face.

As Peter and Randy went down the steps to Randy’s waiting carriage, Peter said abruptly, “He hasn’t slept a wink since we left London. Nor has he eaten enough to keep a bird alive. This is bad business, Randy.”

“It’s worse than that,” said Randy gloomily.

“Why do you say that? And what in Heaven’s name possessed you just now? You were as nervous as a nun in a crib.”

“Don’t be vulgar,” said Randy. “The thing is, I think I know where she is.”

“You think you know—!” began Peter incredulously. Then with a roar that startled an approaching pedestrian, “And you didn’t believe it important enough to mention? Why, you miserable little cockerel—”

“Oh, be quiet,” said Randy. “And use the brain you’re supposed to have. If I’m right, and we find the lady, then what?”

Lord Peter gaped at him, then slowly closed his mouth. “Yes. I begin to see the dilemma. Has she run off with another man?” He enunciated a vicious oath. They had not been easy nor pleasant, these days spent with his friend in the fruitless search. “How the devil can we protect him from this bitch? Who is the man, by the way? Do I know him?”

Randy colored. “I don’t know that there’s a man involved, exactly . . . well, at least . . . there’s got to be, wouldn’t you say? I told you I got back from Paris yesterday. I came at once to John’s house to discover if you two had returned from Dublin. Old Burl wasn’t much help, so I waited for an hour or so, on the chance of news. While I was strolling around, I noticed that damned great portrait of Nadine was gone from the landing. I asked Burl what had happened to the portrait, and he said his lordship had sent it to the Manor. Well, I caught a flash of an expression on the face of one of the footmen, so when old Burl had gone back to his pantry, leaving me to await a non-existent message from you two,” he interjected sternly, “I bribed the footman to tell me why he’d got that silly conspiratorial look when Burl was talking to me. He said his lordship had sent the picture to the attic the night before you left for Ireland, and then, not ten minutes after you left, Bennet had told Burl his lordship wanted it sent to the Manor. The footman said he’d been in the hall all the time, and no such order had been given.”

Peter was staring at his friend with annoyance and pity fairly evenly mixed. “Have you any idea what you are trying to say, or are these the ramblings of a mind overset by too much fine French brandy?”

“The portrait, idiot! Don’t you remember John telling us he caught his wife and Bennet playing some jiggery-pokery in front of the portrait? That’s why he had it sent to the attic.”

“So?”

“So he surely wouldn’t change his mind and have it sent to the Manor between the time we left him and the time he picked you up.”

“Why not?” argued Peter.

“Because, for one thing, he hadn’t time, and for another, he’d be more likely to want to forget the damnable, seductive thing than to parade it through every one of his houses! I should think that would be clear to the meanest intellect!” shouted Randy, exasperated.

“Not so much righteous indignation, young Jaw-me-dead,” advised Lord Peter calmly. “You’re attracting the attention of the hoi polloi.”

Randall’s coachman was indeed staring down at them with interest, and a passing nursemaid was casting amused glances at the elegant young bucks quarreling on the street. Lord Peter boosted Randall into the carriage and got in after him.

“You are right, little man,” he admitted. “This does call for some thought. One of the less attractive things we learned about Donner in Brionny Village is that she is believed, by everyone who knows her, to be a practicing witch. They cross themselves when her name is mentioned.”

“Superstitious lot, Irish peasants,” offered Randall, not much struck by this.

But Peter persisted. “Not all of them were peasants, my lad. The parish priest told me she’d have been burned at the stake fifty years ago. ‘And I’d light the faggots,’ he told me. ‘She’s a creature of pure evil. We all breathed easier when she left. She is a child of the Devil’ ”

“D’you think she’s got her claws into Nadine?”

Peter shrugged. “I think it likely she’s after her. I’m just not sure it might not be a good idea to let her succeed in her quest.”

Randall considered that soberly enough. Finally, “I cannot agree, old man,” he said. “She’s been the evil genius behind all that’s happened, if you can believe what you hear. It stands to reason she’ll cook up more of the same, or worse, if she gets hold of Nadine again. And the girl is Lady Elsingham.”

Lord Peter was frowning. “What I can’t understand is dear old Bennet mixed up in this hell-brew. She was such a tower of strength and rectitude in our youth.”

“Maybe Nadine or Donner has bewitched her, too,” offered Randy. “Had we better tell John what we fear before something else happens?”

“If he doesn’t get some rest soon, I won’t answer for his health,” Lord Peter said. “We’ll wait and tell him first thing in the morning.”

As the two friends entered Elsingham House the following morning, they encountered another visitor in the hall. Burl led them into the library, under the jealous gaze of the stranger.

“It’s Mr. Manton, of Mr. Edmund Burke’s staff. Most anxious to see his lordship. Says his mission is one of the most utmost urgency,” whispered Burl. In common with all Lord John’s staff, Burl knew that matters were not well for his lordship. Burl was happy to place responsibility in the hands of his master’s best friends.

“Is Lord John awake?” asked Randall.

“He is just coming down, Mr. Towne—or so Paget informs me.”

“Then let’s get out into the hall,” decided Lord Peter, suiting action to word. As they came into the hall, Mr. Manton arose and fixed a reproachful gaze upon them. ‘I was first in the field,’ his expression said.

And then Lord John came down the stairs. He caught sight of his friends, and moved toward them, smiling. Mr. Manton fairly erupted into the group. Ignoring everyone but Lord John, he cried out, “Milord! I must see her ladyship at once! It is a matter of great urgency—involving national security!”

Lord John looked down into the angry, worried face. “My wife is not here at present, Mr. Manton. May I help you?”

“She must be brought here at once!” shrilled Manton.

“You forget yourself, Manton,” said Lord John sternly.

The little man pulled himself together with an effort. “My apologies, milord. The matter is—of the most utmost urgency. When I had the privilege of meeting her ladyship several weeks ago, she informed me—in your presence, sir!—of an encounter at Lexington. April 19, she said, milord!”

“I believe I recall something of the sort,” Lord John answered, suddenly very interested indeed.

“It has happened! His Majesty’s ministers have just received word of an action taken by the defiant citizens of Massachusetts, in which a detachment of General Gage’s soldiers suffered heavy losses. I need not give details—” the little man glanced warily at the other men in the hallway, “but you can see that I must see her ladyship at once . . . and . . . you can understand why, can you not, milord?” He ended almost in a wail.

“By God!” said John Elsingham, “she was right!” and a smile spread over his face. He grinned at the astonishment on the faces of Lord Peter and Randall, then turned courteously to Wilmot Manton.

“I truly regret that I cannot give you a conference with her ladyship, but she has been ill and is in the country, recuperating. You recall she had just broken her arm when you saw her—”

“Yes, yes, but that must not be allowed to stand in the way. As a loyal Englishwoman, it must be her first responsibility to serve her country—”

Still smiling, Lord John interrupted him. “My wife is not an Englishwoman, and her responsibility—that is, she might feel—” He laughed, joyously.

Lord Peter moved in smoothly to soothe and divert the affronted Mr. Manton. Lady Nadine is Irish, Manton, but what is more important, she’s very ill. His lordship will agree to notify you when his lady is able to confer with you. And now I’m sure you will excuse us?” and he turned Manton over to the hovering butler.

When the little man had taken a reluctant departure, Peter herded John and Randy into the library and closed the door.

There was an expression on Lord John’s face which his friends had never seen before. “She was telling the truth,” he said softly.

Randy opened his mouth to object, but Lord Peter ruthlessly forestalled him.

“This little cockerel has used his head for once in his life. Randy, tell him about the portrait.”

Randy repeated his discussion with the footman, who was promptly called into the library and interrogated. They got no more from him than Randy had already learned, but John, riding a wave of euphoria, decided it was enough. He sent the footman for Paget, and ordered that worthy to have the big traveling carriage around within twenty minutes.

“I suppose,” he regarded his two friends with twinkling eyes, “you two will want to accompany me to Elsinghurst and offer your apologies to Kathryn,” he said.

“I shall insist upon coming,” retorted Lord Peter, “if only to prevent you from making a fool of yourself. What is this about Lexington?”

“That’s right, you weren’t present when—when Kathryn announced that the first skirmish in the War of Independence would occur at Lexington on April 19. Since the day of her announcement was April 18, Mr. Manton, perhaps understandably, felt he was being hoaxed. It takes military intelligence from three to four weeks to reach us from the Colonies,” he explained kindly.

Lord Peter was not amused. “You were fortunate he decided it was a hoax. A more imaginative man might have suspected—witchcraft.”

“I will admit to a certain sense of urgency, in Manton’s felicitous phrase,” confessed Lord John. “My poor Kathryn down among the peasants. I hope she will have sense enough to keep her mouth shut.”

Randall regarded his friend with anxious eyes. “Johnny, my good child, if your wife tells the villagers about coming back from the future, she’s apt to be burned as a witch.”

Lord Peter glared at him, but he insisted, “You know what English peasants are like, Peter. They’re still living in the Middle Ages. Don’t even know Queen Anne’s dead! And the Scots burned a woman as a witch less than fifty years ago, on far less evidence than this. M’father told me about it.”

“That’s the dandy! Just keep reassuring us,” gritted Peter, watching the smile fade from Lord John’s face. “Johnny’s beside himself already with worry—”

“No,” Lord John said quietly, and stood up. “I’m clear in my mind at last. I believe her story. She’s Kathryn Hendrix. I don’t know how it happened, but I’m convinced Kathryn is telling the truth.”

His two friends watched him in a troubled silence as he paced the room, deep in thought. Finally, “What are we going to do about it, when we get down there?” Randy ventured.

“We’re going to tell Bennet to produce Kathryn,” said John with a return of the joyous smile. “I’ve a suspicion that more went to Elsinghurst than the portrait of milady.”





Fifteen





Elspeth Cameron was having a particularly bad day. The bread had fallen into a doughy mess in the oven, the soup had burned, and the milk, left to cool in the ice house, had acquired a peculiar, bitter taste. Elspeth, grim-lipped, knew What Had Happened. Some evilly-disposed person was “over-looking” her.

Feeding her jealousy, she disregarded all the rational explanations for what had occurred, and convinced herself that the Witch of Brionny was attacking her. She debated whether to warn the Vicar—he was not of her faith, being High Church of England, the next thing to Popery in her Covenanting mind—but he was a decent, honest man, if gullible. He’d taken the Strange Woman in and let her run tame in his house. No telling what spells the witch had cast, what evil she had already done.

The villagers at Crofton and Elsinghurst, a gaggle of feckless fools, were forever praising the creature. What a fine piece of work she’d made of getting the Vicar’s books in order; how learned she was for a woman! For nearly two weeks Elspeth had had to listen to it. The fools were even talking of asking the creature to set up a dame’s school for their children!

“ ‘A false prophet shall show great signs and wonders, so as to lead astray even the elect!’ ” Elspeth quoted grimly to herself. She loved the chapter in Matthew which foretold famines and earthquakes and the abomination of desolation. Well, she decided, the besom won’t lead me astray!

Elspeth got her shawl, put it over her head, harnessed the cob to the trap, and set out for Crofton. First she’d talk to that Debbie at the inn, the girl who’d brought the lock of red hair. Likely she’d be able to tell how Mistress Radcliffe had arrived at the inn—who was with her—what had been said and done . . . Elspeth drove along the lane, oblivious of its fresh beauty, planning ways to discredit the witch.

Luck was with her.

She was talking to Debbie, asking her for every possible detail about ‘Mistress Radcliffe’s’ arrival, when the London coach clattered past the inn, with its usual attendant racket.

Debbie twisted her hands together. “It’s like I told you, Mistress Cameron, I found the one curl of pretty hair under the bureau, where I reckon Mistress Radcliffe dropped it. I truly got to go now! There goes coach, and Master be very strict about getting ready for custom!” She ran off, thankful to be away from her sour-faced inquisitor.

Elspeth, left standing in the inn parlor, debated the wisdom of staying longer in hopes of extracting further information. So far she hadn’t got much. The woman had come alone on the stage coach from London. She’d been heavily veiled. She’d paid promptly and well. Would Lady Nadine Elsingham have ridden on a common coach? Not too likely. Elspeth glanced out the window. A tall, veiled woman clothed all in black was coming to the front door of the inn. Another of them! Was there a coven of witches gathering? With a thrill of pure horror, Elspeth went grimly out to challenge the forces of evil.

The woman was speaking to Debbie in a foreign accent.

“Can you be after tellin’ me, my dearie, if a pretty red-haired lady has come hereabouts in the last little while?”

“Oh, you must mean Mistress Radcliffe, ma’am,” said Debbie.

“Must I, then?” smiled the stranger encouragingly.

“If you mean the young widow—she’s the prettiest red-haired lady I ever seen! She came here three weeks back and is living at Bennet Farm, between here and Elsinghurst,” explained Debbie in a burst of words. “The one that’s from America?”

The strange lady, putting back her veil, smiled broadly. “My own dear daughter! I have found her at last!” She raised her flat black beady eyes to the sky piously. “Heaven has heard a mother’s prayers! Bless you, my child! You said she was in Elsinghurst, at the Bennet Farm?”

Elspeth could no longer resist the urge to meddle. She came out onto the wide inn porch and confronted the black-clad stranger. “You are claiming that Mistress Radcliffe is your daughter?”

The gaunt female, who certainly bore no resemblance to the red-headed temptress, fixed Elspeth with a glance at once fawning and vaguely threatening. “Sure an’ we heard her young husband was killed in the Colonies, and it fair drove her mad with grief! The poor girleen ran away from her loving mother and all her good friends. ‘Tis frantic we’ve been, trying to find her, for we feared she would do herself a mischief in her grief-stricken state. But I have that which will calm her mind and restore her happiness! Her own dear husband, not killed after all, but returned safely to her.”

She pointed down the road, where a handsome youth trudged toward them from the direction of the other inn. “Asking for her all along the London road, we’ve been! I’ll just run to tell Adrian that his poor wife is found!”

The black-clad woman hurried toward the man and they had a conference by the road. Then they both came toward the inn. Elspeth scrutinized them carefully. She was reluctant to abandon her conviction that Kathryn Radcliffe was a witch, whether or not she was Lady Nadine. Still, if she was crazed, and her mother and husband had come to take her back to London, that should serve almost as well. It would get rid of her. Elspeth realized that having Kathryn taken away out of all their lives was the thing she wanted most in the world. She neither liked nor trusted the newcomer, and the young man appeared to be no better than he should be—very flashy and bad-tempered he sounded, with his voice raised to his mother-in-law like a spoiled bairn. But then, thought Elspeth, with a surge of relief which quite surprised her by its intensity, I don’t have to live with any of them, and they will take that creature away from here!

She resolved to help them all she could. “I’m Elspeth Cameron of Bennet Farm,” she announced, approaching the arguing pair briskly. “Debbie has misinformed you. Your daughter’s not at our farm. She’s staying at the Reverend Archibald Percy’s vicarage, over near Elsinghurst. You’d best jump right back on the coach and get over there to collect her.”

Here her good luck received its first check. As she spoke, she observed with dismay that the London coach was drawing away from the George and Horse Inn.

“Hurry, then! You’ll miss the coach!”

The young man sneered. “In that event, I’m sure you can lend us your broomstick!”

Elspeth whitened and drew back as from something evil. The woman tried to smooth things over. “You’ll have to forgive a young husband, ma’am, half out of his senses with grief!” she began. But Elspeth was having no more to do with them. “¼Tis my belief you’re all witches and warlocks—you and that unholy creature you call daughter! I’m going to Father Percy this day, and tell him what a viper he has taken into his bosom!” She turned her back and hurried away to where she had stabled the cob.

Donner turned on Adrian Bart with a fury that shocked him. “I’ve let you come with me this far, little man, because I thought you’d be of some use to me in getting Nadine back to Ireland. I had that old bitch ready to help us and you wrecked all with your loose mouth. One more trick like that and I’ll see you die.”

Adrian tried to bluster, but his performance wasn’t very convincing. He was afraid of this terrible old woman; he knew she would stop at nothing to achieve her purpose. Finally he capitulated.

“All right! So it was a mistake to taunt the old woman. What do we do now?”

“We hire a cart and we get over to Elsinghurst Village and spread it about that you’re the husband reported dead in the Colonies. And we make very sure indeed that everyone believes Nadine is out of her mind with grief over the loss of you.” She curled her lip scornfully. “Look pretty, little man, and very much the fine buck that sets the ladies’ hearts to beating. If she denies us, or tries to run away again, we’ll restrain her for her own good—poor mad girleen.”

Adrian stared at her with loathing. “You devil!” he whispered.

Donner answered him with a harsh bark of laughter.” It’s well for you that I am, little man! When we have her safe at Brionny Keep, I’ll pay you your share of his fine lordship’s money.”

“And if she won’t come with us willingly?”

“Then we’ll compel her,” said Donner with a quiet viciousness that silenced further protest.





Sixteen





While Donner and Adrian were dickering for a cart to carry them to Elsinghurst Village, Elspeth was already driving back to Bennet Farm at a pace which alarmed the sober old cob. In fact, he rebelled part way home, and neither voice nor whip could move him out of the stubborn walk he affected from then on. So it was that Elspeth arrived at the farm in a tight-lipped fury, to encounter Richard Bennet at the barns. Had she not been so angry, she might have been more circumspect. To his mild enquiry as to what errand had taken her from home, she snapped.

“I’ve been to Crofton discovering the truth about your precious Mistress Radcliffe. It seems she’s no more a widow that I am, and her mother and husband are searching for her—” Elspeth faltered, alarmed at last by the expression on Richard Bennet’s face. Normally the gentlest of men, he was staring at her with angry incredulity.

“You went to Crofton to make mischief for the girl? Is that what you are telling me?”

“She’s no girl, Richard Bennet, as I have been forever telling you.” Elspeth clung stoutly to her anger. “She’s a married woman run off from her husband. I told them where to find her—”

“You meddler!” Richard’s attack shocked Elspeth into momentary silence. “You had no business tattling! My sister trusted us to shelter the girl—”

“From her lawful husband?” snapped Elspeth, recovering her countenance.

“And who says he is her husband?” Richard challenged, his face unyielding.

At this evidence of male stupidity and bias, Elspeth’s fragile control snapped. “Whoever he is, she’s mixed up with him and that queer old woman. They’re a precious pair of rascals. Birds of a feather flock together, as you ought to know. Decent folk are well rid of the lot of them. I couldn’t find it in my conscience to remain under any roof where such persons were welcome,” she concluded self-righteously.

“This is still my home, Elspeth Cameron,” said Richard in a voice she had never heard him use, “and my orders must be obeyed. If you cannot find it in your conscience to accept my decisions, you must leave at once.”

The woman stared into his face, unable to believe what she had heard. “You are telling me to go away from this farm, Richard? After the years I have worked here, faithfully, for you and your sister? After we have worked together—known each other?”

Richard considered her gravely. “It seems to me I have never really known you until now.” He turned away. “I’ll saddle a horse and ride to the vicarage. If this is some trick, Kathryn may need help, and the Vicar is of no use in an emergency. Get the guest room ready for Mistress Radcliffe and Poll.”

“You fool!” shrilled Elspeth. “You’re besotted by her devil’s face—!” but Richard had already left her.

Elspeth had never admitted to herself the depth and nature of her feeling for her employer, nor did she do so now. Instead she got into the trap again, and, seizing the whip, lashed the astonished cob into a reluctant trot. Her face was twisted in a scowl and she muttered to herself, “I’ll save him from that witch . . . I’ll tell the villagers what sort of a viper they have nourished . . . contaminating their children . . . deceiving a besotted old man . . .”

She was well on the way to Elsinghurst before Richard had saddled his horse. Unaware that Elspeth was launched on a mission of vengeance, he did not force the pace, but held his mount to a canter along the lane that was a short cut to Elsinghurst Village.

*****



And at this very moment, Donner and Adrian were already at the Elsingham Arms in Elsinghurst, asking the way to the vicarage, and telling their story of the return from the dead of “the widow’s” husband.





Seventeen





Quite unaware of the storm gathering in the village, Kathryn was pouring tea for the Vicar. They were seated in his pleasant parlor. The Reverend Percy beamed at the books so neatly arranged on the shelves, their white paper markers safely undisturbed. He eyed the flowers tastefully arranged and set out on dust-free tables, the fire burning cheerily in the fireplace, the curtains neatly drawn against the approaching night.

“It’s a miracle. This house has never appeared so spacious, so inviting, yet every one of my books is where I can find it! In my study, too! You have worked the miracle, Kathryn.”

“Thank the Dewey Decimal System,” said Kathryn, handing him his cup and offering the toasted scones.

“I really shouldn’t . . . but so good with cheese and jam.” He busied himself with his plate, while Kathryn smiled fondly at him and poured her own tea. Speaking of miracles, she had never felt so useful, so needed, so fulfilled as since she came to the home of this gentle old man. They spoke the same language, she and the Reverend Archibald Percy.

“We’re really misfits, you and I,” Kathryn heard herself saying aloud. He lifted his white eyebrows in enquiry. “Not so much born out of time,” she explained her comment, “as living outside the daily lives of our neighbors.”

The Vicar gave this the same calm and careful consideration he gave to everything she said. It was one of his greatest charms, she thought. He was completely aware of her; he listened completely. The Reverend Archibald Percy, Kathryn had discovered, was vague only about material things. In the realm of ideas he was remarkably acute—“awake on all suits,” as the current slang had it. His instant acceptance of her own amazing story had healed once and forever a festering wound of doubt in Kathryn’s mind: that perhaps she was insane. It had not seemed impossible to this little cleric that a woman’s soul might be transmitted from one century to another.

“The more we learn,” he had said quietly, when she finished her strange story that first night, “the more we see there is to learn. You have spoken about the science and technology which, commonplace in your time, are to us in 1775 dazzling, challenging mysteries. Yet we ourselves accept as ordinary knowledge facts and ideas which would have terrified our ancestors. One must keep an open mind, and beware of self-righteous complacence.”

Now again he was considering her words carefully.

“Yes, Kathryn, I am afraid I do live apart from the daily concerns of my parishioners, both gentry and farmers. The world of abstract thought is not as attractive to them as it is to me. And so many of them have to struggle, dawn to dark, to earn enough to keep body and soul together, that they are too tired to enjoy anything but food and drink and sleep.” He glanced at Kathryn. “And of course, sex.” He smiled at her responsive chuckle, highly pleased that he had made her laugh.

“But you, my dear,” he went on, “are far too young and beautiful to put yourself outside the stream of life. If you could only reconcile yourself to staying here—”

“To be exiled to a ruined castle in Ireland?” asked Kathryn. “In the power of a devilish woman who seems to have kept this body drugged and under her control? And who probably sent the soul of Nadine into the future for some evil purpose?”

The Reverend Percy stared at her, his mind busy. “But surely, with such beauty and knowledge as you possess, you could outwit some old peasant woman?”

“She has a power which frightens me,” confessed Kathryn. “There is something about her which turns my spirit cold.”

“From what I have heard you say of Lord John, he has behaved as a sensible and decent man. This agrees with my own limited personal experience with him. Perhaps together you and I might convince him that the wild, immature spirit of the Irish girl no longer inhabits this body—”

Kathryn stared at him, her face pale with shock. “Father Percy! Where is Nadine? If I am here in her body—”

His face brightened. “She must therefore be free of the dominance which might have destroyed her soul! You perceive, my dear child, that the workings of the Deity, while inscrutable, are benevolent! You have given that poor immature being a chance to live and develop outside the influence of Donner.”

“But if she is in my body . . . she’ll be terrified! The noise! The automobiles and subways—and jet planes . . .”

“We must commend her to God,” said the Reverend Percy serenely. “Perhaps in that noisy, brawling, active city you have described, she will be more at home than you ever were.”

“I hope she knows how to fight for what she wants,” said Kathryn grimly. “I never learned how to.” She winced as she recalled the scene on the bus and her feelings of humiliation. The Reverend Percy was watching her with surprisingly keen eyes. “I believe you will learn how now—when there is something you really want. I cannot believe your heart was set on that shallow and venial youth you described to me. Today we should call such a fellow an encroaching mushroom.”

He was rewarded by a full-throated laugh from Kathryn. It was their special game to use slang from their respective eras. The priest was acquiring a colorful twentieth century vocabulary which Kathryn was afraid he would use inadvertently some day to the confusion of his parishioners.

Diverted, Kathryn searched for the relevant expression. “In New York, we’d call his kind a sharpie—on the make—wheeling and dealing. I’m afraid Don was a social climber,” she concluded. Suddenly a smile touched her lips and eyes. “Father Percy, I’m free! The thought of Don doesn’t hurt any more.”

The Vicar nodded encouragement. “That’s a sensible girl! The fellow obviously isn’t worth a thought!” He peered at her craftily. “And having made that decision, are you any closer to deciding to stay here and fight—”

He was interrupted by the hurried entrance of old Newton.” There’s a lady here, sir, says she has to see Mrs. Radcliffe, only she calls her Mrs. Bart, and says she’s her mother!”

Startled, Kathryn stared from Newton to his master.

“Who can this be?” she whispered. “I know no Mrs. Bart.”

“Oh, miss,” quavered Newton. “It’s the young man that’s named Bart. Your husband, he claims. The old lady is called Mistress Donner.”

Kathryn rose from her chair in a single convulsive movement.

“Donner! That’s the woman who was drugging Nadine,” she whispered in a panic. “She mustn’t get in—I can’t see her—”

The Vicar rose and moved to her side.

“Kathryn, my dear child, compose yourself! We’ll confront her together. You are safe here under my roof. She cannot harm you unless you give her the power to do so by showing fear and weakness. Be calm.”

Kathryn clung to his outstretched hand. “You don’t know her! She is evil.”

The Vicar took this calmly. “I have been aware of the existence of evil for many years. In fact you might say it has been my chief business to cope with it.” He patted her hand. “Newton, you may show Mrs. Donner and Mr. Bart in.”

“No!” protested Kathryn, and looked around her for a way of escape. How could this gentle, unworldly little man foresee the lengths to which a creature like Donner might go? “I won’t see her—”

“Now is that any way to greet your own dear Ma, childeen?” Donner’s voice came from the doorway. “¼Tis my heart you’ll be breakin’ entirely.” She came forward, her black dress and cape rustling. Kathryn had the image of a great bird of prey swooping. Donner hesitated, assessing the little white-haired man standing so quietly beside the girl. She seemed to dismiss the idea that he could be a threat to her, and advanced again toward Kathryn. Adrian Bart, all smiles, followed her into the room.

Kathryn caught at her courage with both hands. “Donner, you are not my mother. You know very well that I am not married to this artist—”

“Poor girleen!” sighed Donner, dabbing at her dry eyes with a grimy handkerchief. “Quite out of her mind again! It’s not the first time,” she confided to the Vicar. “She’s had delusions and run away before. Sometimes she claims to be the Lady Nadine Elsingham, and other times she says she’s a lost soul come here from the future. I hope I don’t have to put the poor troubled creature into Bedlam!” She gave Kathryn a threatening glance.

Kathryn shrank back, white-faced.

Donner was quick to follow up this advantage. “Of course, if she’s ready to come quietly with us who know and love her, we’ll see she comes to no harm. Her poor husband, a saint if ever there was one,” with a quick, admonitory glance at Bart, who was staring at Kathryn with a remarkably foolish expression on his face, “is more than willing to take her back and let me care for her quietly in our own home. Much pleasanter for the poor childeen than Bedlam, wouldn’t you say, Your Reverence?”

The Vicar spoke at last. There was no shock or protest in his tone, merely an acceptance of human frailty.

“You are an evil woman, Mistress Donner. Kathryn told me about you. I had thought that perhaps she exaggerated, but you really are utterly without conscience. I have never met a human being without compunction before.”

Donner stared at him, nonplussed. Her first quick scrutiny had classified him as a harmless old fool, frail and ineffectual, whom she could wheedle or bully as she pleased. Yet the words he had just spoken made her uneasy. He hadn’t raised his namby-pamby, finicking old voice, with the cultured accent she envied while she scorned it, but he’d managed to frighten her more than many a younger man had been able to do. Still, she assured herself, he was nothing but a doddering old nincompoop. Surely she could bamboozle him easily enough! She adopted the tone of wheedling truculence she had used successfully to get her way with the Irish gentry.

“Now, then, Your Reverence, there’s no need to be angry with old Donner! I’m sure we all want what’s best for this poor, disturbed girleen—”

“Silence, woman!” commanded the Vicar, without heat but firmly. “I know what you are. You want nothing good for anyone. I warn you to cease your persecution of this woman. The soul you sought to entrap and degrade has escaped you by the Grace of God, and this soul has resources you cannot comprehend. For your own sake, woman, I charge you: leave us; return to your own place. In Jesus’ name.”

He merely stretched out his arm, pointing to the door, but there was something in his voice and face which suggested an exorcism. The old man spoke as one commanding a demon.

Donner’s lip drew back from her teeth in a grimace, half smile, half snarl; she turned, with one furious glance at Kathryn, and walked so quickly from the room that she caught Adrian Bart unprepared. He hurried out after her, embarrassed and resentful.

Newton, who had been hovering in the hallway, shamelessly eavesdropping, got the front door open in time, and watched with satisfaction as the two conspirators went down the walk, quarreling furiously.

Within the room, Kathryn was staring at the Vicar with respect. “You routed her! It was like an exorcism!”

The vicar did not smile. “Kathryn, you did not exaggerate. That is a very evil spirit—arrogant and presumptuous. She hungers and thirsts for power—absolute power over other human beings. She dabbles in forbidden practices. There is the stink of witchcraft about her. And she is not defeated. She will return—reinforced. You must get away from this place at once.”

“But where can I go? I can’t return to Bennet Farm—”

“No, you must get completely out of her sphere of influence. She has controlled the body you now wear, so you will never be safe unless you can face her down yourself—”

“No, no!” Kathryn sobbed, and shook her head in fear.

“Then you must go where she cannot follow. Perhaps London—no! New York! She’d scarcely follow you there!”

While Kathryn was trying frantically to express her reluctance to go to the New York of 1775, Newton came spryly into the parlor, his eyes sparkling. Never in all his years with the Reverend Percy had so many interesting things happened.

“It’s Farmer Bennet here now, sir, to see you and Mistress Radcliffe. He says it’s urgent!”

“Show Mr. Bennet in at once, Newton. God grant it’s not more trouble,” the Vicar said to Kathryn.

As Richard entered the room, his eyes went at once to Kathryn’s face. “Good evening, Kathryn,” he said. “Thankee for seeing me, Father Percy,” he went on. “I’m afraid I’ve brought rather bad news. Elspeth Cameron’s gone daft. She came home from Crofton village full of some wild tale about meeting Kathryn’s mother and—husband,” he colored, then went on, quietly, “I felt I must warn you.”

“The creature has been here already, and I have sent her and her attendant empty away,” said the Vicar sternly. “However, I am convinced she will return. Kathryn must be gotten out of her reach at once. We were trying to think of a suitable place—”

“There’s the farm,” began Richard eagerly, and then shook his head. “Too close to hand. And Elspeth would never keep silent.” He frowned with the effort of concentration. “Wait! I’ve had a message from Maggie. Just before Elspeth came storming in, a groom from the Manor rode over to tell me my sister had come to Elsinghurst and was very anxious to see me. So I think I should take Kathryn there at once.”

“Yes, that would help. It won’t do as a permanent sanctuary, for servants will talk, but it will get Kathryn out of Donner’s ken for tonight. Your sister must help us to think of a safer place.”

Kathryn had regained her color and her composure as she listened. “If Bennet is at the Manor, and has sent for me, that means she has the portrait there also. Don’t you see it’s the perfect refuge for me? I’ll go back to my own time and place!”

The Vicar frowned. “My dear child, how can you hope to accomplish this? You were brought here, I truly believe, through some devilish sorcery of Donner’s. Can you return without having recourse to similar practices?”

Kathryn stared at him, sick with disappointment. “I had thought I might just—look at the picture . . . concentrate . . . and return,” she began miserably.

Richard, unable to bear the desolation on that beautiful face, came to stand beside her. “Let’s get you safe to the Manor. I’ll find a way to alert Maggie and we’ll smuggle you in. It’s such a great barn of a place there’ll be many a room you could hide in for a month, and no one ever discover you.”

Kathryn smiled up into his concerned face. “I’m lucky to have wonderful friends,” she said softly.” I do agree with Father Percy that I should leave soon—”

“You’re right about that, mistress,” said Newton from the doorway. “There’s a gaggle o’ villagers coming up the road—some with torches—and they don’t sound very friendly.” He was holding Kathryn’s cloak in his hands. With a smile and a word of thanks, Kathryn threw it over her shoulders and turned to the Vicar.

“We’ll go out the kitchen door, Father Percy. If you can stall them off long enough for us to get away—”

“Go with Richard Bennet at once, my dear child.” The Vicar was leading the way to the kitchen as he spoke. “Did you come by horseback, Richard?”

“He’s in your stables, and he’ll bear the extra weight gladly. There must be no horse missing to give them a clue.”

“Go with God,” said the Vicar fervently, and ran back into the house.

As Richard guided the great stallion down the narrow lane he and Kathryn could see the flicker of torchlight through the trees, and hear the threatening gabble of voices approaching the front of the vicarage.





Eighteen





As Richard and Kathryn moved off through the woods toward Elsingham Manor, the Vicar was hastily briefing Newton.

“Hold them on the porch as long as you are able, Newton. Then let just a few—the leaders—in to see me—”

“Nay, Vicar,” protested the old servant shrewdly. “The ones left outside may go prowling about, seeking what they may devour, and we wouldn’t want to give them a chance to get on Mistress’s trail, would we?”

The Vicar was much struck by the wisdom of this. “Newton, old friend, you are a Machiavelli! What do you advise?”

Newton was already moving toward the front door. “Go back to your study, sir. I’ll let them in the hall and come to get you,” he said over his shoulder.

Already there was the sound of harsh voices and the trampling of feet on the broad porch of the vicarage. Someone pounded heavily on the brass knocker. A woman’s voice called out the Vicar’s name.

Newton approached the door with his usual unhurried gait. He opened it to reveal a mob of about fifteen persons, mostly women. At their head, obviously the leader, stood Elspeth Cameron. Newton, enjoying himself as never before, moved to the attack.

“Is the village burning down, then, Mistress Cameron? Or are you and these silly folk playing at All Fools’ Eve? Your racket is enough to wake the dead.”

“We’ll see the Vicar, you doddering old skelpin,” retorted Elspeth, but it was plain that she was a little taken aback by the reception.

“Oh, you’ll see the Vicar, will you, Elspeth Cameron?” Newton parodied her. “And all these brave gentlemen clinging to your skirts, will they see the Vicar, too? Is it arson and insurrection you’re intending, Jonas Tilley? Going to burn down the vicarage with those torches? Is murder and revolution in the wind, Thomas Berry? Shall I call out the militia to defend the Vicar from his own parishioners?”

The men from the village were beginning to regret that they had let themselves be talked into this march. Faced with old Newton’s mockery, they were discovering little stomach for a confrontation so unlike their usual, sober behavior. Jonas Tilley, the innkeeper, spoke in a moderated tone.

“¼Twas Mistress Cameron telled us that young Mistress Radcliffe was a looney and a dissolute woman, run off from her lawful husband—”

“And where did Mistress Cameron discover these great truths?” wondered Newton. “I would have thought that our innkeeper would be too busy to run tattling to the Vicar with women’s gossip.”

Elspeth Cameron had had enough.

“Stand aside, you old fool, and let us talk to the Vicar,” she snapped, shouldering her way past Newton. The old man was a match for her. Ignoring her completely, he stepped in front of her again and directed his remarks to Jonas.

“So Bennet’s housekeeper is doing your thinking for you now, Jonas?” he grinned. “Better you than me!”

Jonas glared at his tormentor resentfully. “Well, we thought it our duty to come and warn Vicar he was nourishing a viper in his house. My wife said—”

“So now it’s your wife doing your thinking,” commented Newton. “If it’s not one woman it’s another, telling you what to say.”

There was a chuckle from the men in the crowd. Mrs. Tilley was well-known in the village.

Elspeth Cameron advanced on Newton, her face mottled with anger. “Step aside, you skelpin, or I’ll—”

Reluctantly the Vicar decided it was time to interfere. He had been listening with pleasure to the utterances of his champion, but he knew enough about human nature to recognize the note of hysteria in Elspeth’s voice. So he came placidly out into the hall, saying calmly, “Newton, who are these people making such a racket? Is there trouble in the village?”

“Trouble enough, Mr. Percy,” shouted Elspeth. “We’ve come to warn you to get rid of that woman you’re harboring—”

“Mrs. Cameron, is it?” asked the Vicar quietly. “My poor woman, are you ill? Do come in and sit down. How can I help you?”

“You old fool, it’s yourself you’d better help—” began Elspeth. But this was too much for the men of the parish. Already embarrassed by the situation they had let themselves be led into by this woman, impressed as always by the Vicar’s gentle dignity, they found themselves shocked and shamed by Elspeth’s rudeness. And she not even a member of the church, but some non-conforming fanatic!

“Here, now then, Mistress Cameron, you’d best hold your tongue,” advised Jonas sternly. And Mrs. Tilley, resentful though she was of Newton’s behavior, was forced to agree with her husband that Farmer Bennet’s housekeeper had no business calling the Vicar an old fool. She moved forward and took Elspeth’s arm.

“Come away, Mrs. Cameron. We’ll let the men handle it,” she suggested gently enough, but her words and gesture angered Elspeth beyond endurance. To think that the girl she hated should be resting peacefully within this house, protected by the Vicar from getting her just desserts, and that now the village folk she had roused against the creature were turning craven . . . they’d let the wanton stay here to corrupt the hearts and minds of decent men like Richard Bennet, stupid fool that he was, too blind to see what the woman really was. . . ! Elspeth could not endure it. She jerked her arm out of Mrs. Tilley’s grasp and lunged toward the Vicar.

“You are harboring that Jezebel! Separating husband and wife! What kind of immorality is this in a Christian household?”

The Vicar did not flinch under the wild attack. “Poor woman, she is beside herself. Here, Tilley, Barry, help her into the parlor and I’ll have Newton prepare a cup of tea for her. Some of you ladies come in too; this poor creature cannot be left unattended. Is she having a fit, do you think? Should one of you men go for the doctor?”

Elspeth, firm in the grasp of the two men, stared from the Vicar’s gentle face to the stern visages of her captors. Then she glared around at the rest of her following, now a very sheepish-looking mob indeed. She knew she had lost the battle.

“No need for that,” she managed to say, harsh-voiced. “I’ll return to Bennet Farm, since these timorous Sassenachs have no stomach for a battle against evil. But I warn you all,” and she glared around the circle, “you’ll rue this night’s work, when that wanton destroys your children and ensnares your men—”

Whatever else she might have said was cut off as the villagers, uneasy now at the situation they had created, hustled her out of the Vicar’s hallway and onto the porch. Remembering that Richard Bennet would not be at the farm, the Vicar called out, “One moment, please, Tilley! I cannot bear to think of that poor woman trying to make her way home alone to the Bennet Farm. I suggest, therefore, that your good wife put her up in a room at your inn—I shall pay the charges, of course. Then she can have a quiet night to recover her wits before she takes the drive to the farm.”

There was a general murmur of approbation at this generous forbearance on the part of the offended party, and several men were heard to tell their wives that THAT was the man they had been urging their husbands to attack, and how they’d be able to face the good Vicar on Sunday their husbands couldn’t imagine. Whereat several of the wives protested that it wasn’t their idea to come on this wild-goose chase, and of course everyone knew the Vicar was a saint.

Listening to these and other comments as the erstwhile mob wended its way cautiously down the driveway and along the road—for the torches, neglected, had long gone out—the Vicar closed his door with relief. And turned to find Newton at his elbow with two large glasses filled to the brim.

Silently the Vicar accepted one, and silently master and servant toasted one another’s performance.





Nineteen





Richard was sorry that the distance between the vicarage and the Manor was so short. He had never held a woman as he now held Kathryn, seated before him on the saddle. She was warm and soft, yet firm, and he was very conscious of her fragrance and resilience in his arms.

“I am in love,” he said quietly, and felt her sudden tenseness.

Her magnificent eyes gleamed up at him in the dark of the woods. “I am not free,” she said at length. Her voice was soft.

“You are—Lady Nadine?” It was Richard’s turn to stiffen. His arm, supporting her, became iron-hard.

“No, truly I am not,” said Kathryn. “I cannot explain, but I do have a connection with that unhappy girl. And I am in great danger.”

“From Elspeth?” asked Richard, his voice rough with anger. “I’ll send that meddler packing tomorrow!”

“Not on my account—please. Donner and her companion are a far greater threat to me. And to others! Donner must not find me.”

“Maggie can keep you safe,” muttered Richard. It was obvious that running and hiding were two activities Richard Bennet had no sympathy with, yet he respected Kathryn’s feelings and would make no move she had not sanctioned. The big quiet fellow was finding his first love a painful business, but he was too much a man to impose his emotions on the woman he loved. Kathryn, sensing his effort at control, was anxious to change the subject.

“Where are we to meet your sister?”

“I’ll stow you safe in the Manor park, in a little Grecian summerhouse that’s seldom visited, while I seek out Maggie. She’ll have thought of a way of smuggling you into the Manor and hiding you.”

Kathryn waited in the summerhouse, a tiny enchanted place of tall silver-white columns and pale marble floors. She had thought she would be more nervous of snakes and spiders than of discovery, but the little archaic temple imposed its own peace on her frightened spirit. In a very short time, Richard returned with his sister. Bennet hugged the girl with motherly affection. Kathryn found herself crying. Richard grinned at them both.

“Best save the tears and gossip till we have you safely bestowed,” he advised. Bennet became her competent self at once.

“You’ve done your part well, Richard. Back to the farm with you now, so there’ll be no way to connect our guest Kathryn Radcliffe with the Manor,” she said briskly.

“Thank you, Richard.” Kathryn held out her hand. “You’ve been my shield and buckler.”

Richard kissed her hand with simple courtliness. Unable to trust his voice, he waved at his sister and slipped away in the dark.

Bennet led the girl through a series of gardens—formal, herb, and kitchen—past beds of sweet-smelling flowers and under blossoming fruit trees. For a few minutes there was the acrid pungence of ivy as they moved along a path beside a high wall. Then the great bulk of the Manor loomed up in front of them. A few lights showed in the windows to the rear of the house, but for the most part the beautiful old building was dark.

“Quietly now,” whispered Bennet, leading the way to a small door concealed in flowering shrubs. She opened it soundlessly, and took Kathryn’s hand to guide her. There was a small staircase up which they moved in silence, and finally a heavy old door which creaked alarmingly in spite of Bennet’s caution. Once the door was closed behind them, the older woman panted a sigh of relief. “We’re in the attics, now, Miss Kathryn. No one ever come up here since her ladyship died. It’s used for storage. I can make you comfortable enough here until we can get you down to see the portrait.”

“You got it here! Oh, Bennet, thank you! When can we—?”

“Not tonight, Miss Kathryn,” said Bennet firmly. “You’ve been through enough. Richard told me a little of it when he was bringing me to you. No, tonight you will rest and regain your strength.” She opened the door proudly to show a small room where a lamp glowed softly.

Kathryn exclaimed with pleasure.

It was a child’s playroom, or had been at one time. A spirited rocking horse cocked a wise dark eye from the corner where he stood guard over a neat cot, freshly made up with crisp white sheets and pillows. On the small round table there was the lamp, a plate with a crusty loaf of bread, a covered dish of cheese, and a bottle of wine.

Kathryn turned to meet Bennet’s smiling look. Laughing and crying at the same time, she threw her arms around the older woman. “Dear Bennet! What would I ever have done without you? This is like a fairy tale!”

“It was Master John’s secret room,” confided Bennet. “Only he and I knew of it. He used to come up here when he was in a temper, or had been hurt . . . and he said the room helped him.” Her eyes were tender. “He was a fine boy, Miss Kathryn, and he’s grown into a good man. I do believe he’ll help you if you let him—”

But Kathryn had drawn away. Her eyes lost their warmth as she said, quietly, “Have you forgotten that he ordered me to go to Ireland? You know what that would mean, especially since Donner has found me again. Bennet, I could not bear it. I’ll—I’ll die first!”

“Let me hear no more of that foolish talk, Miss Kathryn,” said Bennet sternly. “You’re tired and overwrought with all the trouble, and small wonder. Get a good night’s sleep, now. I’ll slip up in the morning to bring you hot tea. Just don’t make any noise, Miss Kathryn.” Bennet took a last look at the arrangements she had made for the girl’s comfort, then, giving her a pat on the shoulder, she went softly away.

Washing her face at the tiny commode and drying her hands on a soft towel, Kathryn wearily made ready for bed. There was so much to think about, so much to plan, that she felt dull and confused. Sighing, she blew out the lamp and got thankfully into the cot. In a few minutes, in spite of her determination to ‘think things out,’ she was asleep.

*****



She awoke with good appetite and ate some of the delicious country bread and cheese before she even dressed. The wine she reserved for a later time, but some water in a covered jug was ample to slake her thirst. Then, leisurely, she dressed and examined her surroundings. This was John’s room, his childhood sanctuary. Strange that it should be hers now, should shelter her from the man whom that boy had become. Oh, Kathryn thought wistfully, if I had known him then! If we had been friends as children! Or were now, her treacherous heart suggested. How blind, how stupid, Nadine was to deceive this man and reject what he had to offer a woman! She caught the bright eye of the great rocking horse and felt herself blushing.

So. Admit it, Kathryn. You are in love with a man who fears and hates the things you seem to be. Who could never completely trust you and surely never truly love you while you wear this flesh. She straightened her shoulders and faced the bright, too-knowing eye.

“I’ll leave as soon as I can get safely down to the portrait,” she told that eye firmly.

“And if the business with the portrait doesn’t work?” the bright eye challenged.

“It must. It worked once,” Kathryn argued.

“But if it doesn’t?”

Kathryn wasn’t sure whether she was arguing with a rocking horse or with herself. “If it doesn’t work, then I’ll go away to some city where no one ever heard of the Elsinghams, and I’ll find a job and live out my life as best I can,” she promised herself. And felt better.

She had the bed made, the room tidied, and was looking through a dog-eared book of Master John’s when Bennet came into the room.

“Good morning, my dear,” she said softly, scanning Kathryn’s face carefully. Apparently satisfied with what she saw, she closed the door quietly and placed a steaming pot of tea upon the table. Pouring Kathryn a cup, Bennet said, “We’ll have to remember to keep our voices down to a whisper. Mustn’t let any of the upstairs maids suspect there’s a guest in the attic!”

“This,” said Kathryn, sipping the hot sweet brew greedily, “Is ambrosia—mead . . . what does mead really taste like, Bennet? Have you tasted it?”

Bennet smiled indulgently. “Now Miss Kathryn, is it likely I’d be carousing with such a heathen drink? Wassailing, I suppose you’d have to call it.” Then relenting, she smiled. “It’s sweet, you naughty child. Made from fermented honey . . . You don’t look any older than Master John, when he was up to his mischief in this very room.”

The references to Lord John took the smile off Kathryn’s face. “When can we go to the portrait, Bennet? Where have you placed it?”

“I’ve had it hung in the Great Hall, above the fireplace,” whispered Bennet. “It’s directly opposite the entrance doors, just as it was facing the front door in the London house. It—it feels right there, Miss Kathryn. It dominates the hall just as it did the one in London. The eyes—” the older woman hesitated. “They’re strange . . . sort of hungry, and waiting . . .”

Kathryn felt a cold prickling over her skin. Putting its warning aside, she said, “Of course they’re strange. They have the secret of pulling me back to my own world. I’m glad they are —waiting . . .”

Bennet was deeply uneasy. She knew she must not weaken the girl’s resolution at this crucial time, but the hazards appalled the simple, God-fearing woman. What if this lovely girl ended up in some other place—neither her own home nor Lady Nadine’s? “Well, Miss Kathryn,” she made herself say calmly, “you know what is best for yourself, I suppose, but—” she broke off, and her eyes misted with tears. “Oh, Miss Kathryn, I wish you could find it in your heart to stay here and fight it through! You’re so much better for Master John than that Nadine!”

Kathryn hardened her will. “Lord John doesn’t want either of us,” she said harshly. “And I cannot say I blame him. We’ve both been nothing but trouble. Now, let’s be sensible and plan when I’m to face the portrait.”

Bennet sighed and nodded. “If your mind is made up, tonight’s as good as any time. The longer we wait—”

“The more chance there is we’ll be interrupted,” agreed Kathryn.

“We’ve got none of that stuff Donner gave her ladyship,” warned Bennet, “but I did bring the dress. It’s been mended so it looks just as it did when—that is, that afternoon—”

“Thank you. You’ve been my real friend, Margaret Bennet. I’ll never forget you.”

Bennet’s practical Scot’s commonsense came to their rescue in time to prevent a tearful scene. “Let’s not rejoice too soon, Miss Kathryn. It may be the portrait won’t work without that creature Donner and her drugs . . . And I’d be just as happy if it didn’t,” she murmured under her breath. “Happier.”

Kathryn thought it wiser not to ask the older woman to repeat what she had said. She would not let herself admit it, but these weeks of challenge and fear and bittersweet happiness were the most exciting and fulfilling ones in her whole life. It had been a sterile, lonely life, she knew now, being always the outsider looking in at other people’s shared family fun and interests and concerns. Being no one’s choice, no one’s beloved—not even Don’s, really. For he had wanted the connection with the Hendrix name, the prestige the other branch of Kathryn’s family enjoyed. Never really me, she thought, but without the pang of grief she had felt in the past. She was cured of Don, and it hadn’t been all that hard. It will be harder, she told herself, to cure yourself of a tall, golden-haired Englishman with eyes that could be warm and tender or ice-gray and challenging. Life, she thought wistfully, would never be dull with a man like Lord John.

Bennet returned later in the morning with the garish golden dress and draped it over the rocking horse.

“Try to rest awhile, Miss Kathryn,” she advised. “I’ll slip back to help you into it after midnight, and then we’ll try—”

“Yes,” Kathryn said, and a shiver of—fear, was it?—rippled over her skin. “Tonight, we’ll try!”





Twenty





Donner and Adrian Bart were eating dinner in the public room of the Elsingham Arms, Proprietor Jonas Tilley. They were being served by a tight-lipped Mistress Tilley, who had not yet come to terms with what had happened the night before at the vicarage. What with feeling anger at Elspeth Cameron for leading them all on a wild-goose chase, and shame that the Vicar had seen her in such raggletail company, Martha Tilley could not find an attitude to take which would give her exacerbated feelings any comfort. She was paying little attention to the rather unprepossessing guests she was serving until something the young man said startled her.

His voice was loud and his accent, Mistress Tilley thought, extremely common. “Are you sure it was really Nadine?”

The older woman hissed something at him and glanced warily around the room. Martha pretended to be very busy slicing the ham on the sideboard. The man muttered resentfully, “Who needs to be wary of these country bumpkins?”

The woman whispered something, and Bart’s voice rose.

“Of course I checked the stages! There were two in this metropolis—one, going south, the other, north. Nadine wasn’t on either of them.”

‘Nadine!’ Martha Tilley’s mind buzzed with conjecture. Rumors had filtered down from the servants at the Manor. As eighth generation tenants of the Elsingham estates, no villager was ignorant of the escapades of his lordship’s Irish wife. Could it be—?

Martha nodded her head decisively, left the room and sent the kitchen maid to serve the two guests in the public room. She threw a shawl over her shoulders, for once careless of her appearance in public, and hastened down the back lane to the cottage of Mistress Latchet, who had worked with the mysterious stranger in the vicarage. And had, thought Martha Tilley, resentfully, as good as sponsored her. All that talk about a dame’s school for their children! Maybe Elspeth Cameron was in the right of it! Martha, finding at last a satisfactory scapegoat for her own uncomfortable feelings, stepped out briskly for the house of a woman she had never really liked.

*****



Within half an hour she was back at the inn in company with a very disturbed Mistress Latchet. They were arguing as they entered the public room. Donner and Bart were still at the table, talking low-voiced. Martha Tilley marched up to their table.

“Are you the woman who has been seeking her daughter at Bennet Farm?” she asked abruptly.

Donner’s flat black eyes swiveled up at her. After a minute she smiled widely. “I can see you have found out my secret. I should have known a woman as wise as yourself, ma’am, could see through my little stratagem!”

Soothing words indeed to ruffled sensibilities! Had Martha Tilley been less angry and less ashamed, she might have noticed that this common woman had not answered her question, nor had she given any information, just flattery. Martha, scenting exoneration, pursued the matter grimly.

“This is Mistress Latchet, who has worked with the stranger at the vicarage. She says the woman is highly educated, dines every night with Vicar, talking to him in his own language. Like Quality.” Her eyes made disparaging comment on the lack of that commodity apparent in her customers. She drew an angry breath. “The woman claims she is a Mistress Radcliffe, a widow. You claim she is your daughter. But you spoke of her as Nadine.”

Donner’s smile was as wide as a wolf’s. “You are too clever for us, ma’am! I see we can no longer deceive you. But I must pray your indulgence for a poor madwoman—”

“ ‘Madwoman’!” The two good ladies echoed this dreadful word. Flushed with satisfaction, Mistress Tilley demanded, “Is she then Lady Nadine Elsingham, and not your daughter?”

Donner put on a manner in which admiration and sorrow were skillfully blended. “You’ve found out our dreadful secret! I only hope you keep silent for his lordship’s sake.”

“You said—a madwoman?” faltered poor Mistress Latchet. Then she rallied. “I can’t—I don’t believe you! So kind, so pleasant and lively she was—always friendly and well-spoken.”

Donner shook her head mournfully. “Aye, she’s Quality-trained, whatever she’s become. That’s the tragedy of it—and she little more than a girl. Ah, there’s black blood in the Brionnys, and dark things done in the old castle keep!”

The two women, birds to a snake, drew closer in horrified fascination. “—Dark things?” prompted Martha Tilley avidly.

Donner sighed. “His lordship was completely deceived. We in the village could have warned him, knowing the ugly history of her family, but fear of her spells kept us silent, alas!”

Adrian was staring at her with the same fascination the women showed. She was a devil’s daughter, with her smooth tongue and her fertile imagination. Donner’s flat black gaze was holding them all. She licked her lips.

“Sure an’ his lordship soon learned what he had wedded, but the dear man had mercy, and tried to send her quietly back to her father. In my care, she was, as she had been since a child. I,” announced Donner unctuously, “being the only one who could control her when she was in one of her murderous fits.”

“ ‘Fits’!” chorused the two women.

“Oh, it’s terrible, terrible! The poor girleen goes quite mad at the change of the moon!”

Doing it rather too brown, thought Adrian. Mrs. Latchet appeared to agree with him.

“I don’t believe you!” she said, weakly.

Martha Tilley snapped at her. “We’ve none of us known her for as long as a month. How do you know what’s to do when the moon changes?”

“But that’s not the worst.” Donner was warming to her work. “I’ve been given the drugs to calm her down—from her doctor in Ireland,” she hastened to add. “It’s when she’s this way—clear in her mind like now—that she’s most dangerous.” She paused. Three pairs of eyes were fixed, hypnotized, on hers. Donner delivered her clinching thrust. “When she’s like this, she practices witchcraft!”

The women cried out in fear. Martha turned on Mistress Latchet. “There’s the woman you wanted to have teach the children! A fine coven of young witches and warlocks we’d have, if we let that creature loose on them!”

Mrs. Latchet began to cry.

Donner spoke soothingly. “No harm’s done yet, ma’am, for I’m here with this strong young man to take her safe back to Ireland, and no one—child or adult—a penny the worse for it, if we get her away quick and quiet!” she added darkly.

“I’ll call the constable—” began Martha Tilley self-righteously.

“I’m sure Your Honor’s good sense and kindness will prevail,” interrupted Donner hastily. “We none of us want to bring any more trouble on Lord Elsingham, do we, now? Just take me to the poor creature and Mr. Bart and I will do what is needful.” She looked encouragingly at Martha Tilley.

That dame snorted angrily. “She’s sought sanctuary with the Vicar. The old man’s besotted with her.”

“Oh, no! The poor old man! He is the first victim of her evil spells. Now if some few of us could go quietly and take her away before she does more harm—”

“She isn’t there any longer,” announced Mistress Latchet, wiping her eyes. “Polly Bradley, who’s been her abigail, went home to her father’s farm this morning. She stopped by to see me. Crying she was, because her dear Mistress Radcliffe had gone away in the night.”

“Gone away!” Donner’s face was ugly with disappointment. “Does no one know where she is, then?”

Martha Tilley narrowed her eyes and pursed her lips. “If she hasn’t left the neighborhood—and the young man said he’d watched who got on both stagecoaches—then there’s one place left where she may be . . .”

“Where?” Donner controlled her impatience.

“At the Manor. If she’s Lady Nadine, that’s her own place, isn’t it?”

“Is Bennet there?” demanded Donner.

“Yes, she is. She got here two nights ago, on the late coach.”

“Then Nadine is there, in hiding!” announced Donner. “For, much though I hate to tell you this, ma’am, but I guess such a clever woman as yourself will soon figure it out. Nadine has had Bennet in her power for weeks. It was them practicing witchcraft in Lord John’s London house that started the whole thing. He caught them, Lady Nadine and Bennet, casting a spell in front of the new portrait.”

“The portrait!” gasped Martha. “But that came down last week from London, and one of the gardeners told us he helped a footman to hang it yesterday at Mistress Bennet’s orders!”

“God ha’ mercy!” ejaculated Donner, putting on a wide-eyed expression. “Then there’s no time to be lost, indeed. ¼Tis certain they’ll be at their wicked deeds this very night!”

“What shall we do?” faltered Martha. The whole thing was getting too alarming. “The Manor—his lordship—we can’t just break into the Manor—!”

Donner kept herself under tight control. “True, true, dear clever woman that you are! You’ve put your finger on it. We can’t break in, but I am Lady Nadine’s nurse and keeper, and his lordship has instructed me to convey her safely to Ireland, where the poor soul may have treatment in peace and quiet. And his lordship’s not at the Manor. He’s still in London.”

This latter intelligence removed most of Martha’s qualms.

Donner pursued her advantage. “Now you being such a sensible woman, and a leader in the village, as anyone can plainly see, will help me explain the problem to the men, and we’ll all go peacefully and find the poor mad girl. I have her medicine here—” she patted her leather reticule, “and as soon as she has it, she’ll come quiet as a lamb.”

Martha Tilley was remembering last night’s fiasco. “Perhaps it would be better, ma’am, if you was to go alone.”

Donner, still holding her smile, shook her head. “Bennet’s no better than her slave, and will do whatever the witch tells her. I may need help to get the medicine into her before she casts a spell on more honest folk. Like she has on little Polly,” Donner added, looking at Mistress Latchet.

That good woman’s face hardened. “Nothing must hurt Poll,” she said fiercely. “She’s like my own child, and her mother my best friend!”

“Then we’d better get the witch away,” advised Donner sternly, “or there’s no saying what dreadful things she’ll make innocent folk do. She’s already bewitched the Vicar and Bennet and Poll, that we know of.”

This was more than enough for the two women. Lady Nadine’s name was notorious, even in this small village so far from London, and the women were ready to believe the worst of ‘Kathryn Radcliffe,’ when they learned who she really was. They hurried off to get reinforcements, urging Donner to wait for them. She agreed, and when the two dames were out of earshot, she began to laugh.

“You devil!” said Adrian Bart, between admiration and revulsion. “Take care they don’t burn her at the stake!”

“Better that than having her escape me,” said Donner. She had ceased to laugh. She would never confide in any other human being, but there was something about this new Nadine which challenged and intimidated her, yet offered certain dazzling possibilities. What had happened, that night in Lord John’s town house? Had she really extended her powers through time and space? Donner’s lust for dominion raged like a fire. She had to regain control of whatever it was in Nadine’s body, and bend and break it to her, Donner’s, will.





Twenty-One





Just about this time, on the London road not twenty miles from Elsinghurst Village, a luxurious vehicle was halted by the roadside. Lord John Elsingham’s coachman, impressed by his master’s request that he “put ‘em along,” had cut one turn rather narrow. Unfortunately the driver of the London Mail, who was aware that he was eleven minutes behind his time, was springing his own horseflesh, and swept around the same turn a shade wide. Quick reactions and superb skill on the part of both drivers had averted a crash, but Lord John’s coach had ended up with two wheels in the ditch. A worse thing was discovered when Lord John’s coachman and the groom clambered down to lead the horses out of the ditch. One of the magnificent animals had a bad sprain and would have to be led to the nearest inn.

Lord John took the check calmly, reassuring his servants and speaking gently to his cattle, but his friends exchanged worried glances. They had not sat in the coach with him for several hours without realizing that Lord John’s nerves were on the stretch. He had never been a moody or notional man, so his urgent desire to get to the Manor, and his sense of trouble approaching, impressed them more than they wished to admit. When the horses were unharnessed and led out of the ditch, the groom offered to mount one and ride back to the last inn they had passed to get a fresh team.

“Why don’t you let Olson lead the lame horse instead,” Lord Peter suggested. “It’s only a mile or so. We’ll wait here, Johnny, and you can ride ahead on a sound horse.”

“Are you mad?” interposed Randall. “He’s got no saddle, for one thing—”

“Do it, Johnny,” urged Lord Peter.

Troubled blue eyes met steady gray ones for a long moment.

“You feel it too?” asked Lord John.

“No,” admitted Lord Peter honestly, “but I feel you feeling it.”

Lord John laughed without mirth. “I’ll do it.”

When they had seen their friend off, Randall turned to Lord Peter. “Now perhaps you’ll have the kindness to explain what that was all about?”

Lord Peter frowned. “Johnny’s convinced that his wife is in immediate danger.”

Randall delivered himself of a series of colorful oaths, to which the coachman, standing by the carriage, listened with pleasure. Now that has some style to it, he thought, wishing his own master had a little of Mr. Towne’s fluency. A real education to listen to, was Mr. Towne.

Lord Peter was neither amused nor edified. “When you can control your mouth,” he said icily, “perhaps you will be good enough to explain what is annoying you.”

Randall stared at him incredulously. “ ‘Annoying’? You mean you don’t know? ‘I feel you feeling it,’ was, I believe, the phrase you used. I might have expected to hear a speech like that from my Great-aunt Dolcina, who is as mad as March hare, but from the lips of a man whose wits I had always rated as adequate, if not brilliant—!”

“Take a damper,” advised his friend. “There’s something devilish odd about this whole business—”

“Now there,” interrupted Randall cordially. “You cut close to the bone. I reject ‘annoying,’ and when you describe your ‘feelings’ my gorge rises, but I most heartily endorse both ‘devilish’ and ‘odd’—odd for you and Johnny, and devilish for Nadine.”

“That’s just it, you idiot. Johnny really believes she’s changed—and so do I.”

And while his friend glared at him open-mouthed, Lord Peter strolled over to engage the coachman in desultory conversation.





Twenty-Two





Kathryn had passed the day very quietly in the attic room. Since she was so soon to leave this time and place, she felt it important that she experience as much, as fully, as she was able. She even pulled aside one of the heavy red rep curtains which covered the dormer windows, and stared through the narrow space at a part of the Manor grounds. From this angle, she could not see the extensive gardens through which Bennet had led her the night before. The view from this window was of green velvet lawns sloping down to a little lake, in the middle of which floated a tiny island. The whole landscape was so exquisite that Kathryn found herself smiling and wishing very much that she could go down and walk in it. On the green lawns were a few noble old trees which cast a gracious shade.

“I’ll remember this,” Kathryn told herself, and had a sudden unpleasant memory of Central Park, with its noisy crowds, dust, litter and threat of muggers. The serene lawns and noble trees of the Manor took on a glamor and glow of venerable sweetness, a sort of innocence which reminded Kathryn of the Vicar.

The Vicar—Newton—Polly—Mrs. Latchet—Margaret and Richard Bennet . . . suddenly Kathryn’s eyes were brimming with tears, and she felt an almost unbearable wave of homesickness—for this century she was to leave. She blinked away the tears angrily. How foolish can you get? she mocked herself. You haven’t known these people for a month—the Vicar just over a week—and you’re lonely for them already! When you get back to New York you’ll forget about them, she promised herself.

Liar!

With a sob, Kathryn twitched the curtain shut and went to sit on the narrow cot. Admit it, she thought, you love them all. John and the Vicar and Bennet and Richard . . . even little Poll, and you’re doing your darnedest to get away from them. She cried for a while, and then she dried her eyes resolutely and got up to prepare for the encounter with the portrait.

“Get with it,” she advised herself, deliberately crude, “Unless you want to be shoved in the looney bin or locked up in some creepy castle dungeon for the rest of your life. Little old New York is better, even with the noise and smog and dirt.”

She brushed the beautiful hair and back-combed it into a high, elaborate coiffure, as close as she could get to the shape she remembered in the picture. She was quite unaware that far below her a stammering gardener’s helper had confided a frightening experience to the head gardener, who had boxed his ears and then gone to the kitchen to relate the story to the cook, who had given him a mug of beer and requested him to tell it again to a breathless group of kitchen maids and footmen.

“A white, ghastly face it was,” said the head gardener, making the most of his moment, “peering out of one of the attic windows and beck’nin’.”

“Beck’nin’?” breathed a maid in horrified delight. “To him?”

“Beck’nin’,” repeated the head gardener firmly. “To whoever would come.”

A shiver of fear went through his audience. To think! A ghost in the very attics above them! And beck’nin’! Two housemaids began to get hysterical, one vowing she could never sleep another night under this roof.

Cook realized she must nip this in the bud, or have a gaggle of silly fools vying with one another to establish who had the most sensitive nerves.

“Well, if that’s the way you feel, Sookie, you may stay awake and scrub the scullery and kitchen floors. And polish the spoons. And if you still can’t sleep after that, I’ll lay out some ironing for you to do.”

This Spartan treatment effectively cured the incipient hysterics, but it also ended the head gardener’s hour of triumph. He finished his beer and tramped off to his tiny cottage, muttering to himself about silly females who couldn’t take a joke. And he’d rather have a dozen of ghosts any day, than one old spoilsport besom.

But when she had successfully cowed the staff and got them back at their respective duties, the cook went quietly upstairs to tell the butler, Mr. Ponty, what the boy had seen. He in turn told Mrs. Bennet—and she encouraged him in his supercilious laughter.

“Believe me, Mrs. Bennet, they are a pack of credulous farmers, and Cook is no better than the rest of them,” he said. He fought a running battle with Cook, who had been at the Manor longer than he had. “Ghosts in the attics, indeed! It’ll be bats in the belfry next for Cook and her cohorts,” said Ponty, and was rewarded by almost hysterical laughter from Bennet.

It was unfortunate that Bennet, using a headache as an excuse, left the servants’ hall early and crept upstairs to the attics. She missed the stealthy arrival of a determined group of villagers led by Donner. They had learned from the fiasco of the night before, and instead of storming the Manor with shouts and flaring torches, they came quietly to the kitchen door and asked in a seemly fashion for an audience with Mr. Ponty. That worthy, anxious to reestablish ascendancy over Cook, was more willing than he might normally have been to listen to their strange tale.

Unaware of this, Bennet was in Lord John’s playroom helping Kathryn to don the orange satin gown. “It’s as well you are leaving tonight,” she admitted. “The gardener’s youngest helper saw you at the window this afternoon and thought you were a ghost. It’s put all the servants into an uproar.”

Kathryn began to explain and apologize, but Bennet brushed that aside. “It is rather fortunate than the reverse,” she decided. “Now not a blessed one of them will venture to put his nose outside a bedroom door till it’s daylight.” She stood back to check Kathryn’s appearance. “Perfect! We can go down soon. They’ll all be hurrying off to bed, none of them anxious to be the last one left in the dark.”

She stood by the round table, looking at Kathryn. She had never been close to Lady Nadine, scarcely even spoken to her. But she had glimpsed her from a distance, and it seemed to Bennet that the beautiful face, now white and tired, was more exquisite than it had ever been. Something about the eyes, Bennet thought. A shadow of pain bravely accepted, a flash of good humor, a softness of compassion, made the beautiful green eyes tender, and disciplined the whole face into lovely maturity.

“Oh, Master John,” thought Bennet, “why aren’t you here to see what your lady has become?” Even in the garish gown, Kathryn-Nadine was a triumphantly beautiful woman.

Kathryn smiled encouragingly at her. “Well, Bennet? Shall we try a little white magic?”

Bennet shuddered involuntarily. God forgive me, she prayed, I’m still hoping it won’t work! And yet she knew that the alternatives: confinement in Bedlam or in the ruined Irish castle—were worse. Sighing, she took up the lamp and led the way down the stairs to the Great Hall.

When they reached the floor above the Great Hall, they became aware of a murmur of voices. They drew back, alarmed, and Bennet blew out her lamp.

Lights flared up in the Hall. Led by Ponty, what seemed like the whole staff of servants came into sight. Nearly every one carried a candle or a lamp. A footman went quickly from one wall sconce to the next, and in a few seconds the Great Hall was aglare with light. The portrait she had come deviously to confront blazed in the harsh light, a focus of color dominating the Hall. It was so close she could read the arrogance on that beautiful face—yet it was separated from her by her enemies. For, as she hid in the shadows, Kathryn perceived with a shock of fear that Donner and Adrian Bart were standing beside Ponty.

The butler began to direct his staff and the villagers.

“Four of you men will stay here in case the witch should try to escape through the front door. Stop Mrs. Bennet if you see her. Place her under restraint if necessary; it is for her own good. The rest of you will accompany me and Donner, as we go from room to room, searching for the Lady Nadine.”

“What if she flies out a window?” called a man’s voice, obviously more than half serious. Ponty ignored the question.

“The gardeners and grooms are posted outside, all around the house. There’s four men in the kitchen. If the lady is in this house, she will not escape us.”

“She’s here!” Donner’s nostrils flared with a fine dramatic flourish. “I can sense the taint of witchcraft! Can ye not smell the brimstone?”

There were cries and groans from the women servants.

Hidden in the shadows above them, Kathryn listened incredulously. This was a witch-hunt! Did Donner mean to have her killed? And how had Donner found her so quickly?

At this moment, startling both the hunters and the hunted into shocked immobility, there sounded the heavy booming of the iron knocker on the panel of the great oaken door. The butler, conditioned by a lifetime of training, was the first to recover. Catching the eyes of two footmen, he began a stately advance toward the door.

Donner, with a mixture of avidity and alarm on her face, caught at his arm. “It’s some trick of the witch! Don’t open that door! Mayhap it’s the Devil himself!”

The maids squealed in terror, but Ponty, ignoring Donner’s clutch, continued his stately movement to the front door.

“Permit me to know my duty, ma’am,” he told Donner coldly. Common trash, his supercilious dismissal said.

Donner gave him her snarling wolf-smile. She twisted her hands. So close! Nothing must stop me now!

The knocking was repeated, thunderously.

Ponty opened the door.

On the threshold, a towering figure of anger, stood the master of Elsingham Manor.

“You keep me waiting, Ponty,” he said icily.

At once the hall was a reverberation of voices: the villagers, the servants, the butler, all hastening to explain the unexplainable, defend the indefensible. Donner had faded to the rear of the group, waiting in the shadows for her dupes to provide an opportunity for her, but meanwhile quite content to let them face the challenges and the punishment.

Milord did not even need to lift his hand to silence the babel. His attitude was enough. When the great room was still again, he addressed the butler.

“It appears I am entertaining. May I know the names of my guests and the purpose of their visit?”

Ponty, out of countenance for the first time in his life, was at a momentary loss for words. His employer waited, gray eyes unrelenting. After a few seconds the butler spoke.

“Milord, there is a —a situation here at the Manor.”

“Indeed?” commented his lordship. “And you cannot handle it?”

Ponty lost color. “A woman has arrived claiming that . . .” He floundered. How do you tell your employer that some strange, common female insists that his lordship’s wife is a witch, that she has bewitched half the village as well as his lordship’s old nurse, and that the staff is completely disorganized because a gardener’s boy has seen a ghost? Ponty, despairing of the task, decided to shift responsibility.

“Milord,” he began, “a woman who calls herself Donner has come to—pick up her charge.”

“Indeed?” repeated his lordship imperturbably. Ponty felt a surge of envious respect for the cool aristocrat. Quality! It always shows. His lordship continued speaking, “Has the woman called Donner informed you of the fact that she is a former servant dismissed in disgrace by me, and currently sought by the London constabulary?”

“No, milord,” Ponty confessed humbly. He was beginning to realize the enormity of his blunder in listening to the woman. He could only work now to palliate his offense, and hope for mercy.

But there was more. “Has this disgraced former servant told you the identity of the ‘charge’ she has gone to such trouble to ‘pick up’?”

Ponty groveled. “Donner’s around here somewhere, milord. Perhaps she should tell you herself.”

“Ah.” His lordship scanned the group of shrinking servants and tenants. “Perhaps she should. Are you there, Donner?”

Boldly the woman thrust herself through the group, spewing veiled threats. “Sure and old Donner was only tryin to save your lordship from public shame and misery. I was trying to get her-we-know-of safe off to Ireland, in accordance with Your Honor’s expressed wish, before worse befell her—and all of us.”

Lord John faced her with a look of such contempt that even Donner’s thick skin was pierced. Yet the man’s voice, when he spoke, was still under rigid control.

“You are all benevolence, ma’am,” said Lord John. “However, I fail to see what business you could have here in my house, dismissed from my service as you have been for attempting to practice witchcraft.”

Donner’s face lit with a smile of triumph. “Well, now, Your Honor dear, since you bring up the subject yourself, ¼tis your own good lady’s dabbling in witchcraft that I’ve come to stop. And all these good people with me, to see justice done and the witch confined!”

This was battle with no holds barred. Lord John faced her. “May I remind you that I have the chemist’s report on the drug you were giving to Lady Nadine, and witnesses to attest to your attempt to administer the same drug again? I might even remind you that your associate,” his eyes flicked scornfully at Adrian, “will be compelled to testify. Perhaps you know how much you may place in his willingness to protect you when his own freedom is at stake.”

Donner was quick as an eel. “A fine thing it is, Your Honor, for you to be persecutin’ a poor helpless old woman,” she began whining.

“Don’t waste your time and mine with such nonsense,” advised Lord John. “You have made very serious charges in front of these witnesses. The question now is, do you have evidence to back up your charges?”

Donner took them all by surprise. She whirled and pointed to the shadowed area at the top of the stairway. “There she is, the witch, with her dupe, Mag Bennet, about to lay their devil’s games in front of that accursed portrait! But Donner can control her! Come out, my poor misguided, mad nursling—come to Donner!”

Almost against her will Kathryn advanced into the light. She came down two steps. There was a concerted gasp from the spectators, all of whom had turned their faces up toward the woman on the stairs. In her flaunting finery, white-faced, green-eyed, hair blazing red as flame, she looked more—or less—than human. Lord John, whose eyes had fixed on the beautiful face, maintained his air of stern challenge, but Donner wore a gloating expression of triumph.

“Come to Donner, little changeling!” crooned the old woman, in a wheedling, loathsome mockery of love, “come, Nadine, I command you!”

But Kathryn was not Nadine, and whatever power the old woman had established over the body and will of her charge was weakened by the mind and spirit of Kathryn. She took one more step down toward the people waiting wide-eyed below. Her own eyes were fastened on the avid face of Donner.

“In the name of all that is good and holy, I charge you to leave this house,” Kathryn said clearly, stretching her hand out toward Donner as she had seen Father Percy do. There was a hiss of indrawn breath from those who watched, and a startled light appeared in Lord John’s eyes.

“You have no control over my spirit, for it is free and dwells in the light of the God Who gave it life and substance.”

“Amen!” Bennet’s voice rang out.

Donner, eyes gleaming red in the lamplight, laughed harshly. “Very pretty, little wanton! The Vicar has taught you to mouth the words neatly enough. But your body is soiled, Nadine, and given over to a service more ancient than the Galilean’s. Come down, I say!”

Lord John looked from the old crone to the slender girl who stood on the dark stairway. In every inch of his body he ached to help her, but he did not dare to break her concentration. Donner was grinning her wolf-grin. “Answer truly, woman. As your god is your witness, are you indeed Lady Nadine Brionny—or are you something else?”

There it was. The one question she must not answer. Kathryn believed firmly that if she told a lie, at this crucial moment, she would increase the power Donner had over Nadine’s body. Yet if she told the truth, even Lord John’s position and prestige might not be enough to save her from the superstitious fears of the villagers. The girl stared as if hypnotized into the flat black eyes of the old woman whose lust for power had led her into these dark ways.

And Donner, sure of her victory, smiled. “As your god sees you—and as you hope for heaven—answer! Are you Nadine Brionny?”

Into the waiting silence came the sound of a sob. Bennet appeared at the head of the stairs, clasping her Bible to her. Lord John took a step forward, eyes steady on Kathryn’s face. The villagers began to whisper and murmur. Kathryn swayed with the intensity of her emotion. Her lips opened.

“I am . . . not . .. Nadine Brionny . . .” she began.

“Then who—or what—are you?” Donner’s challenge rang out.

The air was heavy with evil. Kathryn lifted her hand to her throat.

“What are you that has seized the body of Lady Nadine?”

There was a growl of animal fear from the crowd. Donner darted to the foot of the stairway.

“Stop!” A strong voice broke the tension. Even Donner turned to face Lord John. He stood smiling confidently up at the white-faced woman on the stairs. “Donner,” said the nobleman, “you have asked the wrong questions. There is no longer any Lady Nadine Brionny. There is, however, a Lady Elsingham. I shall ask a few questions—the right ones. Listen!”

Never taking his steady eyes from Kathryn’s face, he said, “Bennet, I see you have your Bible. Please hand it to milady.”

When Kathryn had accepted it into her hands, he addressed her formally. “Madam, swear upon the Holy Book, as God is your witness: are you a Christian soul and no witch?”

Her own eyes holding to his, Kathryn replied in a voice clearly audible in the breathless silence. “I am a Christian and no witch.”

“Are you my true wife—the Lady Elsingham—in spite of all that has happened?” And now the gray eyes were alight with an ardent warmth that brought color to milady’s pale cheeks.

—We have something for each other—

Kathryn, smiling, answered in a voice whose joy rang like music, “My lord John, as God is my witness, I hope and believe I am.” And she took a step toward him, smiling gloriously, and—fell.

“Oh, no!” cried Lord John, between alarm and laughter, “not again!”

*****



The villagers, surfeited for once with excitement, and convinced by what they had observed that they had witnessed the healing of a lovers’ quarrel, had dispersed to their homes with enough gossip to keep them busy for a twelvemonth. Donner and Adrian Bart, under heavy guard of milord’s most trusted menservants, were being driven to London, where they would be given into charge of a magistrate, to be bound over for trial and sentencing. Ponty, reveling in sentiment, had gone to order Cook to prepare an especially tasty late supper for his master and mistress and their guests. At milady’s request, the Vicar and Richard Bennet had been sent for, to share the happiness of this hour. Lord John, smiling at his lady with an ardency which brought the roses to her face, said to her, low-voiced, “Supper, yes; guests, of course—I expect Peter and Randall soon—but the moment will come, milady, when you and I must have private converse.”

He had carried her to the library and placed her on a comfortable sofa, where she now sat, propped up against cushions, while Bennet hovered solicitously, making sure that none of Kathryn’s bones were broken this time. Stretched very much at his ease in a big chair, his eyes still full of that disturbing light, Lord John watched them both. Kathryn found it very hard to meet his elated, masterful gaze.

“Bennet,” said Lord John gently, “you have my thanks for your devoted help to Kathryn.”

“You believe me now?” interrupted the lady. “You are sure I am Kathryn?”

“I believe,” said Lord John “Your friend Mr. Wilmot Manton has supplied irrefutable proof.”

“Bennet believed,” said Kathryn, holding out her hand to the beaming woman. “From the beginning. Without proof.”

“We will always remember that,” answered Lord John with a grateful smile to his old nurse. “As for me, I foresee years of fascinating discussion opening before us, as you teach me what our world will become. But my dear,” he warned gently, “I also believe we must keep your true nature a secret, except from our most trusted friends. Eighteenth century London is not ready for a Lady Nostradamus. The average Englishman is hard to convince of the validity of a new idea.”

“Yes,” agreed Kathryn solemnly, although her eyes shone with laughter, “I have noticed that you Englishmen are stubborn and hard to convince. Bull-headed, we call it in the States.”

His smile gleamed at her. “Madam, are you declaring war—again?”

Kathryn changed the subject quickly. “And the Vicar believed me. Have you sent for him?”

“Yes,” answered her lord. “Perhaps this is he?”

But the commotion at the door heralded the arrival of Lord Peter and Mr. Towne, whom Ponty, again very much master of himself, announced with full decorum. As soon as the butler had left hem, Randall walked over to stand beside the couch on which Kathryn rested. He scanned her face intently. Then he turned to face his host.

“Peter was right,” he said. “Johnny, dear boy, I am forced to explode a bombshell. Though this lady is every bit as lovely as your wife, her eyes and expression are completely different from Nadine’s, Johnny, I am forced to tell you: this is NOT your wife!”

He could not understand why John, Kathryn and even Bennet broke into hysterical laughter.

While Lord John began to recount the events of the evening, Lord Peter came to Kathryn and kissed her hand. “Welcome home, Kathryn,” he said softly. “Can you ever forgive a pair of very arrogant Englishmen?”

“Yes, and love them, too,” replied Kathryn, eyes brimming with tears of gratitude at his welcome.

“Better not let our young cockerel hear that,” Peter chuckled, and told her Randy’s experience with Nadine.

When the Vicar finally arrived, sleepy but full of happiness at the outcome of the situation, the little group sat down to a very gay supper indeed. Only Richard Bennet, late coming, refused to eat and could not keep his eyes off Kathryn. But his quiet smile reassured her that he would never importune her with his love, and she would always have his complete devotion. He left early, pleading urgent duties at the farm. Kathryn watched him leave, his great sturdy body held very straight, and knew a sharp pain in her heart.

The rest of the party behaved with such uproarious good humor that Bennet finally felt compelled to remonstrate. After one particularly outrageous remark by Randy, Bennet said,

“You are all acting like children. You especially, Master Randall. Why can you not behave with as much propriety as Master Peter?”

This sent them off again, but when the laughter quieted, Lord John said lazily, “Yes, why can’t you behave, you young whippersnapper? That’s my wife you are paying court to.”

“Just doing the pretty,” grinned Randy.

“Well, go do it to your own girl,” Lord John advised him, with such a look of quiet joy on his face that his two friends rejoiced for him.

Lord Peter arose. “Your lady must be tired after all this hubble-bubble. We’ll bid you goodnight, now—and offer our best wishes.” Standing, he raised his glass. “To the Lady Elsingham, long life and happiness!”

Even Bennet rose with the rest to drink to that.

*****



Finally they were alone, the lovers who had come together across two hundred years. Lord John carried his beautiful wife over the threshold of the great bedroom in which he had been born, and put her down gently on the bed. She could not meet the eagerness in his eyes. He stood looking down at her.

“Kathryn—my beautiful wife—”

She raised her clear lovely eyes to his at last, meeting his ardent gaze. Rich color rose in her cheeks. “We are married—but we are strangers,” she said softly.

“Our bodies are not,” offered Lord John. “Perhaps we should let them lead us. They have shared joy.” It was there in his deepened voice, the urgency of passionate love under iron control. When she did not speak, he sat beside her on the great bed and took her hand gently in his big warm one. “It is like a new wedding night.”

The girl nodded, wordless.

He raised her hand to his lips, speaking softly, his breath warm against her palm. Eyes steady on hers, he said, “I, John, take thee, Kathryn, to be my beloved wife—now and for eternity.” He released her hand, leaving her free to choose. “And you, my love?”

She looked at this stranger who was her husband, this man with the golden hair and the clear, disturbing gray eyes, the now-familiar mouth sensuous yet disciplined. Her fingers ached to trace the beloved lines and stroke the scarred, lean cheek. Would she take this man?

“Oh, yes!” said Kathryn Hendrix of New York, and gave herself into the strength and security of his waiting arms.

*****



Much later, when dawn was shining through the curtains, John said, his lips against the softness of her breast, “You are more beautiful than ever. You are all I have ever hoped for—more than I had dreamed woman could be. . .” His voice was curiously soft and roughened. He kissed her gently on the lips, a kiss that sealed his claim upon her. Then his eyes fell on the crumpled orange gown which lay on the floor where he had tossed it the night before. It reminded him of the portrait. He raised himself on one elbow.

“That accursed portrait! How I hated it—and Nadine!—when that jackanapes was painting it! I’ll have it destroyed today.”

Alarmed, Kathryn sat up beside him. “No! We must be sure to keep it safe, bequeath it in our wills to a museum, with the proviso that it be sent to America in 1975—”

John smiled wickedly. “And why all this bother to preserve a wretched daub which doesn’t do my wife justice?”

“Because, milord,” Kathryn smiled demurely, “if we do not, how will I ever get back here into your arms?”

Lord John showed her.





ANGELA





Elizabeth Chater





To all those friends of Richard Bennet who have demanded that he get the girl





Table of Contents Angela

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18





Chapter 1



ANGELA huddled down beside her mother’s old trunk in the attic, too frightened and filled with pain to cry. It had been over a year since her stepfather had beaten her, and the shock of this suddenly renewed cruelty had her trembling as much as the actual hurt. She had escaped his room through the unconscious intervention of the new butler, who had come to inform his master that a brace of fine gentlemen awaited him in the smaller drawing room. Mr. Loring went at once, with a single, baleful glance at the girl.

Angela had run blindly up the stairs to the dusty old attics, scene of some happy childhood hours, sure that that was the last place her well-dressed, complacent stepfather would think of looking for her, since he had never bothered to climb up the narrow, wooden stairway to explore the boxes of fading keepsakes and treasures of the man he had succeeded.

Soon after his marriage to Angela’s widowed mother, Mr. Gilles Loring had ordered that everything which reminded his new wife of her former husband must be banished to the attics. “Only in order that you may the sooner forget your grief and begin to enjoy life again, my love,” he had said smoothly. “You are Mrs. Gilles Loring now, Marian, and you must never forget it.”

As a sensitive fifteen-year-old, Angela had mistrusted her stepfather’s smooth self-confidence, and had privately told her mamma that she was not willing to forget the father who had been so wonderful a friend and companion to a growing girl. Mamma had agreed, but her subsequent tears had flowed so painfully that Angela resolved on the spot never to repeat her plea that Father be lovingly remembered in the new family.

Neither Angela nor her mother at first realized what sort of man had replaced the laughing, reckless Denzil Swann, who had killed himself riding in an impromptu, midnight steeplechase with a troop of his boon companions. Gilles Loring was of quite another stripe, a big, heavyset, well-groomed man, who laughed heartily without real mirth, who rode well but without the dash and skill of hell-for-leather Denzil. Indeed, while looking every inch a man’s man, Loring preferred to spend his days restoring the neglected estates of Swanholme to their former glory.

“Moderation in all things, my love,” he instructed his new wife, “and good, constructive building for the future. We must present a better image to our neighbors than that of a harum-scarum couple continually on the fret for new sensations!”

Angela who had overheard the remark, took it as a cut at her beloved father, and flamed into a fine rage. The result of this display of temper was the first of many beatings she received from her stepfather. In spite of Marian’s anguished pleading, Loring took the girl to his study and whipped her soundly with a small flexible cane. Angela refused to cry, and her aroused stepfather finally was forced to desist when the girl fainted at his feet.

He never beat her as savagely again, for the servants had overheard Marian’s frantic appeals, and the story spread throughout the neighborhood.

It appeared that the approval of his neighbors was indeed of prime importance to Mr. Gilles Loring. He had been, it became known, the distant relative and estate manager of a northern nobleman before he came to Averly village—for reasons of health, he always explained with his hearty laugh, as though challenging anyone to find him other than superbly fit. He was in truth a fine figure of a man, and Marian Swann, widowed a year and quite helpless to manage the comfortable estate her husband had left her, was pathetically eager to accept first his advice, and later, his offer of marriage.

It was not long until he was much more respected in the county than his predecessor had been. Everyone took to saying that Marian had done very well for herself, and that the new master of Swanholme would bring the property up to scratch in a way careless Denzil Swann had never even bothered to attempt. It was also noted, in passing, that it was an added mark of Gilles Loring’s integrity that he should expend so much time and energy upon an estate which would become the property of his stepdaughter upon the day she married.

It was at this time, three years after Marian’s marriage, that two things happened which changed the rest of Angela’s life. The first of these was the introduction into the household at Swanholme of Mr. Vivian Nellis, son of Gilles’s sister. This finicking young exquisite was a Londoner, and quite prepared to tell anyone who would listen about the advantages of life in the Metropolis, and of the fine figure he himself cut in the Ton. This elegant Tulip caused many a smothered smile among the stolid, worthy squires and their ladies, the more so because his uncle Gilles, while making excuses for the lad’s youthful folly, was also seen to disguise a grin.

“The boy’ll be someone youthful for Angela to go about with,” Gilles said frequently, his heavy, good-humored face looking solemn. It was true there was a dearth of young people in the district, the offspring of the county’s more eminent families being either too young or too old to be suitable companions for an eighteen-year-old female.

It had also become known somehow in the community that poor Loring was finding Denzil’s daughter quite a handful. Persons who had been used to considering Angela a charming, happy girl were beginning to wonder how poor Marian managed to put up with her endless whims and ill humors, and to admire her stepfather for his firm but kindly authority. Not that anyone was treated to the sight of one of the temper tantrums they came to hear of, but the rumors began to circulate all the same. They were reinforced by the obvious fading of Marian’s fragile beauty, and the new lines of tension and distress which daily appeared on that sad face. Since the bluff and hearty Loring was demonstrably a devoted husband, never allowing his wife to appear without his assiduous attendance, the trouble must be caused by Angela, who seldom appeared at all in society.

Several of the older servants at Swanholme had been lately retired to excellent almshouses, or if they had relatives, were shipped off to them with a generous pension, word of which seemed to percolate into the general knowledge through the same mysterious channels as had the information about Angela's increasing recalcitrance. When Gilles began to say hopefully that perhaps young Nellis, for all his London airs and fads, might bring the girl out and make her happier with her lot in their quiet corner of the world, there was a distinct feeling of admiration and even pity for this good-hearted stepfather, and a growing annoyance at the chit who was causing her poor mother and this good man so much heartache.

To Angela, as to her bewildered, frightened mother, the passing months had seemed to lock them into a nightmare which only they were aware of. The coming of Vivian Nellis seemed, at first, a most fortunate occurrence, since Gilles relaxed his strict supervision of their every action, and, indeed, proposed quite jovially that his dear wife should arrange a series of small dinner parties to introduce their guest to the neighborhood.

“For I know, my love,” and he bent his quelling smile upon his trembling wife, “that even with the new servants I have hired to replace those hopelessly antiquated fuddy-duddies, you could never manage a large party in the lamentable state of your health. So I shall draw up the guest lists, and instruct the servants, and your daughter may write out the invitations for you—if she will?” and he turned that complacent smile upon Angela. “Will you condescend to help your poor mother, my dear?”

“You know I shall be only too happy to help her—but she is quite capable of writing a few dinner invitations—or of planning a dinner larger than these! When my father was alive, she often—”

“But your father is dead now, is he not? And your mother prefers to be guided by my judgment, in this as in all other matters. Is this not so, my love?” Gilles took Marian’s arm in his big hand and slowly applied pressure, grinning the while.

Marian looked as though she were about to faint. Angela thought for one desperate moment of flying at her stepfather with furious fists, but the sight of her mother’s whitening face stopped her.

“I’ll do it at once,” the girl said dully. “Will—may my mother come to tell me the names?”

Gilles looked down at his wife’s face and lifted his eyebrows, as though Angela had said nothing and he still awaited a reply to his question.

“Yes!” Marian gasped, trembling.

“Yes, what, my love?” persisted her husband.

“Yes, I will be guided by your judgment, Gilles,” Marian swayed in his grasp.

“I thought you might be,” said Gilles gently, releasing her arm, where red marks stood out against the white skin. “Now, I think you should rest for a while. I shall accompany you to our room—my love.” He smiled at Angela as he led her mother out of the room.

For the next few weeks the reception rooms and the kitchens at Swanholme bustled with activity, and the gentry of the area came to meet Mr. Loring’s nephew and be amused. Angela was glad for the opportunity to be busy and to meet many of her father’s old friends, but she began to sense a restraint in their attitude toward her which hurt her and drove her deeper into that sense of nightmare which seemed to be engulfing her. The unhappy climax to this new situation came with the rather bitter little comment from one of her mother’s oldest friends. Drawing the girl aside when the ladies retired after one of the small, formal dinners, old Mrs. Bothwell said, “Angela, I think I should urge you to try to curb your rebellious spirits just a little. Your mother is not in the best of health, and I cannot think your constant fussing at her can do anything but harm!”

Angela was so startled by this unwarranted attack that she stood stupidly staring at the older woman. “But I have not—” she began.

Mrs. Bothwell was not finished. “It is well known,” she went on, “that your father never considered her feelings when he was alive. Now she has a chance of happiness with Gilles, it is time you thought of someone other than yourself. Try not to worry her, my dear, and we shall soon see the roses back in her pale cheeks!” With a final, minatory smile, she went over to join a chattering group of her peers, leaving the girl to watch her mother closely for the rest of the interminable evening.

She was forced to admit that her mother was not well. Her beauty had always been of a delicate, fragile nature, but of late months it had become almost transparent in its pallor. Heavy purple shadows surrounded the once-sparkling eyes; the soft lips trembled and worked nervously in a constant, placating smile.

This nervous grimace became even more noticeable when Mr. Loring led the group of loud-talking men into the drawing room for coffee and liqueurs. He went to stand beside Marian, and it was plain even to Angela that he took her glass of cordial gently from her and placed it upon the table. Then with a cautionary hand upon her arm, he led her the circuit of their guests in a smoothly social exercise.

In the meantime, Vivian was basking in the approval of a few young wives of local importance who professed themselves more than eager to hear the latest on-dits from the Beau Monde, and descriptions of the most outstanding costumes and coiffures to be seen there. The flattered youth discoursed willingly upon trends and fads, delighting his feminine audience with his expertise as much as he had amused their husbands with his finicking ways.

Vivian had not expected to stay so long in the country, but his uncle’s surprising generosity, as much as the adulation of a few young matrons, was reconciling him to the extended visit. He even tried out his hand at a little patronizing flirtation with his uncle’s stepdaughter, finding her pretty enough, with her soft dark hair and wide gray eyes, although sadly lacking in sophisticated coquetry or town bronze. He might have tired of this game sooner, had not her total indifference to the lures he was casting out provoked him to the point of resolving to make her a willing captive of his charm.

Tonight Angela quite ignored his posturing. Her whole concern was for her mother, perceived to be so terribly fallen off. Angela could not believe that this transformation could be the result of anything she had done; however, she determined to ask her mother point-blank what was troubling her. With this intent, she waited until the last guest had gone, and then, before her expansive stepfather had quite completed playing the genial host at the front door, slipped over to where her mother stood by the table, sipping desperately at a small glass of liqueur.

“Dearest Mother,” Angela said softly, “is anything the matter?”

Marian started and slopped some of the cordial upon the table “Matter? What do you mean?”

“Mrs. Bothwell informed me, in her usual style,” the girl essayed a grin, “that you were far from well. She intimated that I might be to blame. Dear Mamma, pray tell me what I am doing to hurt you!”

Marian swayed slightly, and Angela was forced to admit that her mother had had too frequent recourse to the liqueur decanter. “You, my dearest child? You have done nothing which would hurt me . . . nor ever could! Oh, if only I had not—”

“If only you had not what, my love?” prodded the voice which Angela found so hateful. Her stepfather strolled into the room. “A most successful dinner party, my dear wife,” Gilles said in a self-congratulatory tone. “Quite the best we have given to date, I think. And now you must come to bed, my love. Rest, that is what you need. Complete rest. Am I not right?”

“Yes, Gilles,” agreed Marian dully, but her frightened gaze sought out her daughter’s anxious one with an unmistakable warning.

For once, Gilles did not seem satisfied with her submission. “I believe it is time we had a little talk about Angela's future,” he said softly, taking her arm. “Tonight, I think.”

“Oh, Gilles, I am so very tired tonight!” whispered Marian. “Could we not postpone the—the talk until tomorrow—please?”

Gilles Loring smiled and led her from the room, quite ignoring the wide-eyed girl.

“Oh, no, we’ll have our little talk tonight. And then afterwards, I’ll see if I can’t give you something to help you to rest.”

When they had passed beyond her sight into the hall, Angela roused herself to follow them. She was prey to the most alarming apprehensions.

Her attention directed by Mrs. Bothwell to the extreme fragility of her mother’s appearance, she castigated herself for not noticing it long before. Had her mother been looking so unwell all these months? How could she have failed to notice? What could she do now? Rigorously though she searched her conscience, she could not find any action or speech of hers which might have reduced her mother to this state.

Suddenly making up her mind to demand an answer, she ran lightly up the stairs and paused outside the master bedroom. Gently she tried the handle. The door was locked! Hovering in the hallway, undecided whether to knock or to allow the matter to rest until the following day, the girl heard, through the thick panel of the door, the faintest sound of a despairing cry.

Mother!

Almost without thinking, Angela ran down the hallway and slipped into the dressing room which served the master bedroom. It was dark there, but a thin slit of light declared that the door into her parent’s bedroom was slightly ajar. Without scruple, the girl crept over and positioned herself against the wall beside the opened door.

The first voice she heard was Loring’s.

“—past time that your daughter admitted her responsibilities and accepted Vivian’s offer—”

Angela went rigid. Vivian had made her no offer. He didn’t even like her! What little time he favored her with him company, he spent in boasting about his triumphs and conquests at Almack’s.

When Angela was able to listen again, it was to hear her mother’s despairing voice.

“You are right in saying that Angela should marry soon, Gilles, although I cannot agree that she is quite on the shelf at eighteen. Perhaps we all might accompany Vivian back to London, request your sister to sponsor Angela into the Beau Monde . . . give her a chance at a suitable marriage?”

“I have decided she is to marry Vivian.” The statement brooked no argument.

Still, Marian found the courage to protest. “But your nephew shows no real interest in her—no tendresse—”

Gilles’s coarse, mocking laughter cut short Marian’s pitiful effort at resistance.

“Do you claim there are other, more eligible partis clamoring after her here at Averly? I have not quite had to barricade the house against hordes of importunate suitors, in spite of the fact that her damned father made sure she gets the lot when she marries! And as for London—are you ready to be turned into the street as soon as some puffed-up, stiff-rumped lordling gets his perfumed fingers on her fortune and Swanholme?”

“Is that what irks you?” said Marian, her voice revealing shocked comprehension. Then, in a tone almost of horror, she continued, “Then it is all your doing! Mavis Bothwell told me tonight of some of the rumors you have caused to be set abroad against Angela—vicious lies!”

There was a pregnant pause.

Angela felt a grue of fear and loathing chill her flesh. What reprisal would Gilles Loring make to such a charge? The answer was not long in coming.

With his coarse laugh, Gilles said triumphantly, “Yes, I have fooled all the gape-seeds in this smug little community rather neatly! Diddled the dupes! And you, my love, were the easiest of all! But having got your comfortable little fortune for myself, you can hardly expect me to throw it all into the capacious pockets of the first fortune hunter who fancies it. No, my love, my stupid nephew shall marry the chit, and hare back to his fleshpots with my blessing and a cozy pension warming his wallet, while you and I shall continue as we have begun—very nicely, don’t you agree?”

There was a muffled gasp from Marian, followed by a pleading whimper.

This was too much for the horrified girl in the dressing room. She flung the door wide, and stormed into the room.

“What are you doing to my mother, you beast?”

“Oh, Angela,” moaned the disheveled Marian, “please go—at once!”

Gilles Loring took his time in releasing the cruel grip he had on his wife. Marian slumped to the bed, weeping silently. Angela drew a shaking breath and made the first frantic plea which came to her mind.

“If I sign the whole over to you, will you forget this absurd design of marrying me off to your horrid nephew, and let my mother and me go?”

Gilles laughed, but his eyes were narrow with fury. “Let you go where, wench? To sleep in the hedges and whine your pitiful tale to anyone who would listen? What do you take me for? I have not spent three years of my life in this narrow-minded hamlet building a reputation, just to throw it all away on such a totty-headed scheme. No, brat, you’ll marry my nephew and then stay on here with your mother and me when I send the fribble back to his London drawing rooms.” He grinned at her mockingly. “Our good neighbors may whisper, but they’ll commiserate with you upon your absentee husband, and they will admire you for your devotion to your poor, ailing mother.”

Meeting Gilles’s slyly triumphant gaze, Angela began to see the whole scope of his cold-blooded, greedy plan. And suddenly his physical presence became so repugnant, so terrifying, to her that she turned and raced for the door in a panic. She had forgotten that her stepfather had locked it. While she was twisting frantically at the key, his iron grip descended upon her shoulder. She found herself dragged round to face him, but instead of detaining her, Gilles turned the key and invited her to go with a wide, mocking smile.

Casting one worried glance at her mother, now huddled on the floor at the foot of the bed with her hands over her face, Angela ran out into the hallway. She had reached the top of the stairs when a burly figure moved to intercept her. It was Gilles’s new butler, Danvers. The fellow did not touch her, but he placed himself in front of her so that she could not descend the stairs.

Angela's hand flew to stifle the involuntary cry she would have uttered. Danvers said nothing, but glanced above her head toward his master, still standing in the door of the bedroom.

“You may escort Miss Angela back here,” Gilles said. “I believe her mother has something to say to her.”

Without waiting for Danvers to compel her, Angela turned and retraced her way to the master bedroom.





Chapter 2



GILLES Loring summoned his nephew and his stepdaughter to his study the following morning. Angela opened the door slowly, reluctant to face again that complacent, mocking stare with which he had regarded her and her mother the previous night as Marian pleaded for her daughter to obey her stepfather. Whatever Gilles had intended to say to her in greeting this morning was lost, however, as young Ellis arrived in a fine fret.

He began at once to complain in a high, artificial tone, as he pushed past the startled girl without apology or recognition.

“Stap me, Nunky,” he said, at his most affected, “This is the outside of enough! A man scarcely gets his eyeballs open in this bucolic retreat before he’s summoned to a family Confabulation! It had better be something pretty important to drag me from my bedchamber before I’ve got my cravat properly tied!”

“It’s important,” his uncle said quietly. “It concerns your marriage to—your cousin.”

The expression of surprise and dawning alarm upon Vivian’s pasty countenance might have amused Angela at any other time. As it was, she suspected that her own features revealed a matching discomfort. Young Nellis was stammering.

“M-m-marriage, Uncle Gilles? Y-y-you d-did say marriage?”

“To Angela,” Gilles explained slowly, as to an idiot, “my stepdaughter. Your stepcousin, I suppose we might say.” He held up one hand to forestall further incoherent babbling. “Girl’s an heiress.” Then he gave his mocking smile as Vivian abruptly ceased objecting and turned to look at the girl with interest.

“Thought that would make you change your tune,” Loring said succinctly. “I’ve a few papers here for you to sign. There’s a comfortable sum of money which I shall pay you monthly—”

Vivian frowned pettishly. “My friends in London!” he pouted. “What will they say when I return from a simple rustication in the country with a wife in tow? No, it really won’t fadge, sir! Miss Angela is a—a pleasant enough girl, but she’s not—that is, well, sir,” with a sideways glance at the girl, “I’m known to set a pretty high standard, even with my flirts, and I don’t think—”

“That statement is correct, at least,” snapped Gilles, whose patience with any folly other than his own was short indeed. “You don’t think! You may call this little visit to the country a simple rustication, but my sister tells me a different story! One step ahead of your creditors, Vivian, and your father quite unable, or at least unwilling, to raise the recruits for you! It might be worth your while to consider my proposition.”

“But I don’t want to be married!” whined Vivian. “My mamma did not hint of anything so—so final when she sent me down here!” He turned to face the girl. “Pray do not take a pet, Miss Angela! It is not that I find you repulsive, I assure you—” Gilles gave a snort of laughter, “—but I have no wish to tie myself up so soon. And as for living in the country—” The horrified revulsion on his pasty face was almost ludicrous.

“But you would not have to live in the country, Vivian,” vouchsafed his uncle. “Nor would you have to drag to London an unacceptable bride. Angela will stay here with her mother, whose health is causing us both a good deal of concern.” Gilles favored the girl with a long, warning look. “I cannot really guarantee her continued well-being if her daughter deserts her at this juncture.” Under that glare, Angela’s face became even paler.

Vivian Nellis hesitated. He had, as he said, no real desire to enter the wedded state. Getting leg-shackled was a matter of ribald jest in his circle; none but the unwary or the financially hard-pressed were caught in Parson’s mousetrap. But his circumstances, as his uncle had pointed out, were very much down pin, and looked to be in a fair way to becoming disastrous if he could not find means to come about. Perhaps, if the monthly sum of money Uncle Gilles had mentioned was liberal enough . . . Taking his courage in both hands, Vivian faced his tempter.

“How much?”

Gilles grinned. “I like a man who can go straight to the heart of the matter,” he said approvingly. “One thousand pounds when you sign the register, and fifty a month as long as you stay in harness. Well?”

Visions of largesse warmed Vivian’s heart. He nodded decisively. “I’m your man, Nunky,” he agreed.

“No!” said Angela desperately.

Neither man accorded her the courtesy of a glance or a word. Gilles was pouring two generous measures of whiskey. Vivian, a little pale, was at pains to convince himself that he had made the correct decision: he was listing the things he would be able to do in town with a nice little steady income. “For you must have heard from my mamma that my father is the greatest nipcheese in London! He expects his only child to exist upon a miserable pittance, yet he demands that I associate with members of the Ton! Oh!” as an unpleasant thought struck him, “what shall I tell my father about this marriage?”

“Tell him nothing,” advised Gilles, handing over one of the filled glasses. “I should trust your mamma to deal with the matter, if I were you.”

Angela came toward them, her small face set with anger. “I will not be ignored! You speak of me as though I were not here. You settle my future as though I had no say in it!”

Gilles turned to her at last. “You have no say,” he informed her. “You were told last night what I intended to do.” His eyes scanned her face almost avidly. “Do you tell me you are wishing to change your mind? Perhaps we should go up to see your mother. She may be persuaded of the wisdom of advising you to obey me.”

The big man moved out to the hall and began to ascend the stairway. After one moment of indecision, Angela ran after him. By the time she reached her parent’s bedroom, the door was securely locked. The girl ran to the dressing room door, only to discover that it, too, was sealed against her. She ran back to the door of the master bedroom, bent close, and leaned her ear against the panel.

In a moment she heard a sharp cry of pain. She set her teeth. There was a deep-voiced rumble, as though Gilles wee making some sort of harangue, and then, more clearly, a second sharp cry, almost a shriek. Angela began to batter on the door with her small fists.

“Oh, stop, I pray you! I will marry Vivian! I will!”





Chapter 3



The following day there occurred the second of the events which were to change Angela’s life so drastically.

She had not been permitted to enter her mother’s room the previous night, nor had her mother emerged from her seclusion. Gilles, however, had come out into the hall soon after the girl had made her impassioned plea outside the door. He had closed and locked it behind him, refusing to allow a glimpse of his wife in spite of the girl’s anguished requests. He had taken one of her hands in his and seized her chin in the other, forcing her face up to meet his scrutiny.

“Well, Miss, have you decided to accept my decision?” he demanded.

“Yes, yes!” sobbed the girl. “If you will not hurt my mother any more!”

“Hurt your mother? What can you be talking about, you silly child? Your mother is my dear wife, and as such, it is her duty to obey me in all things. If she does not, it is my duty to . . . instruct her in the error of her ways . . .” He gave Angela his mirthless grin.

“But it was I who—who defied you,” protested the girl.

“It is usually considered to be the mother’s fault if the child behaves badly,” her stepfather informed her smugly. “So I must punish the one responsible for the disobedience.”

“I shall not disobey you again,” promised the girl.

“It is to be hoped you will not, for Marian’s sake. It really pains me to have to administer such punishment to her in her frail condition. I trust you will remember that?”

By the following day, Marian had still not emerged from her room. Gilles had her meals brought to the dressing room on a tray, and served her himself, which caused the female members of the staff to think Mrs. Loring a pretty lucky woman to be so cosseted. Her absence seemed to go otherwise unremarked by anyone but Angela. Gilles smilingly refused to let her visit her mamma, telling her that her recalcitrance had quite unnerved her maternal parent.

“She will go on famously if she is let to rest,” he said with his usual bonhomie. Angela had a queer, disturbing notion that there was something quite cold and alien under that habitual wide smile, and resolved to find a way to see her mother as soon as possible. The only other key to the bedroom was the master key carried by Danvers, and hung at night in the butler’s pantry. Angela knew there was no use appealing to Danvers—he was Loring’s creature. Perhaps she could insist that she needed her mother’s advice about her trousseau?

The household was agog with preparations for the reception which would announce the engagement of Miss Angela Swann, spinster of this parish, to Mr. Vivian Nellis, bachelor, of London. Vivian, meanwhile, was loudly lamenting that he had not brought his finest raiment to Averly, having felt it would be out of place in so rural a setting. His uncle assured him jovially that he would cut a damned sharp swathe with the finery he had brought.

“Wear that pink and green coat you favored us with the other night,” he advised. “I’ll wager a pony you’ll strike ’em dumb with that!” Then, wearied by his nephew’s endless babble about his clothing, Giles suggested that they ride out along the Penzance road and exercise the horses. When Vivian protested that he had not the urge to go hacking across country, his uncle informed him that he was getting a potbelly just like Prinny’s, unbecoming in so young a man. This threat was enough to persuade Mr. Nellis to accompany his uncle on the suggested excursion.

Soon after they had cantered off, Mrs. Bothwell was announced, to see Mrs. Loring. Marian’s old friend was a high stickler; she invariably paid her duty calls within forty-eight hours of being entertained, to thank her hostess with meticulous formality. Since the master was absent, and Danvers was in the wine cellar reviewing the possibilities for the engagement party, the footman perforce summoned Miss Angela to do the honors.

Angela greeted her mother’s friend with what the latter regarded as excessive enthusiasm.

“Oh, I am so happy you have come!” she began, on a breathless note. “I have not been permitted to visit Mamma for two days! No one but my stepfather sees her! I am sure she is not well!”

Mrs. Bothwell took a calming attitude.

“Perhaps Marian herself requested that she be left to regain her strength in quiet? She has declined very noticeably this last six-month.”

“Yes, but what is wrong?” fretted Angela. “Why will not Mr. Loring call in Dr. Slomayn? Why is no one permitted to visit Mamma but my stepfather? I beg of you, Mrs. Bothwell, for the love you bear my mother, come with me to see her now!”

Reluctantly the good dame allowed herself to be persuaded. Without attracting the notice of any of Mr. Loring’s servants, the two women mounted the stairway and proceeded along the corridor to the master bedroom. The door was locked as usual. Angela tried it gently to prove her point to her mother’s old friend. Then, followed by a very sober-looking Mrs. Bothwell, the girl led the way to the door of the dressing room. By some oversight, this had not been locked by Gilles in his haste to get Vivian into the saddle. The two women entered quietly.

The first thing they beheld was the morning’s breakfast tray, quite untouched. Angela moved to the inner door which led into the bedroom. Quietly she turned the doorknob. The door swung open.

All the blinds were drawn. The room was in almost complete darkness. There was an odor of sickness heavy in the close atmosphere. On the bed, neatly covered to the chin, lay the thin body of Marian Loring, so frail that she scarcely raised the coverlet. Mrs. Bothwell caught her breath sharply as she hurried over to her friend’s side.

“Marian!” she said. “What is wrong? What can I do for you?”

Marian’s eyes were set in dark purple bruises in her pallid face. Slowly the lids drew up; slowly she peered at her old friend.

“Mavis,” she whispered. “Where is Angela? Is she—safe?”

Not stopping at the moment to wonder at the odd nature of the latter question, Mavis held out her hand and drew the girl toward the bed. “She is here, dear Marian. She has been so alarmed for you—puzzled that you had not summoned her to attend you—”

“I could not let the child see me like—this,” whispered the sick woman. “I—that is Gilles . . . forbade her to come to me . . .”

“Do not try to talk now, my dear,” said Mrs. Bothwell. “We shall get Dr. Slomayn to come at once. I cannot think why Mr. Loring has not done so long since!”

“You must not,” breathed the sick woman. “Gilles has sworn to beat me again if anyone sends for the doctor—”

“To beat you!” exclaimed her horrified friend. “Do you tell me your husband beats you?”

In desperate haste the woman in the bed thrust herself upright to a seated position. The coverlet fell from her, revealing bruises which caused Mavis Bothwell to suck in her breath and Angela to cry out in horrified revulsion. “You must say nothing—do nothing!” gasped Marian. “You have no notion of what he will do to me—and to Angela—if anything becomes known of my condition. I implore you—say nothing!”

Her great eyes held them, begged for their assurance of silence.

Angela, on her knees beside the bed, was crying softly as she kissed her mother’s thin hand. Mavis Bothwell stared hard at the desperate countenance before her.

“Promise you will never breathe a word of this!” demanded Marian.

Mavis Bothwell hesitated. It went against every feeling, every principle, to make that promise, yet she knew beyond doubt that whatever punishment her friend’s husband administered to his wife and daughter, he was legally within his rights and could not be called to account. Marian had warned that any interference on her friend’s part would only result in further torment. She nodded reluctantly.

“As you wish, my dear, but I should like to consult the doctor—”

At the end of her frail strength, Marian fell back onto the pillows. “You will only add to my sufferings,” she whispered.

“Very well. I promise. But what can I do for you? You can not be allowed to continue in this state.”

“Gilles wishes me to attend the wedding. If Angela is obedient to him, he says he will not whip me again before then.”

Mavis Bothwell set her jaw. It was an impasse, a situation from which there was no possible escape, and she knew it. Gilles Loring had all the authority and excellent means of controlling both women, vulnerable as they were through their love for one another. And she herself could not even inform the community of the monster they had welcomed in their midst! Still, Marian must be reassured.

“I promise to say nothing. I know Angela will do exactly as her stepfather directs, to save you further pain. Dear Marian, can you not try to sip a little wine, or broth, or take a glass of warm milk? You must recruit your strength for the wedding, you know!”

Angela's great gray eyes were fixed on her mother’s face. The sick woman essayed a smile.

“Just a bowl of bread and warm milk, dearest,” she answered her daughter’s unspoken plea. “You remember the way I used to make it for you . . .”

Angela rose and ran from the room. Marian’s eyes had closed again. Tears ran down Mavis Bothwell’s seamed face, but she said nothing, merely held the thin hand of her old friend.





That night, alone in the newly locked room, while her husband and his nephew drank themselves into a stupor in the dining room, and were left there, sleeping, by the servants, Marian Loring slipped as quietly from life as she could have wished. Gilles discovered her body the next morning when he brought her breakfast tray into the bedroom he had failed to reach the night before.





Chapter 4



Angela was summoned again to her stepfather’s study that morning. The first thing she saw was the slender, flexible cane with which he had been wont to punish her, but which she had not seen for a year. It gave her anguish to suspect that, during that interminable year, her mother had been accepting the punishment which Gilles had formerly given Marian’s daughter. Had it indeed been so? Was that the reason Gilles had stopped beating her? She raised eyes in which hatred warred with grief to scrutinize her stepfather’s face. It lacked its normal ruddy hue; the complacent smile was missing.

“I have some news for you,” Gilles Loring began with less assurance than usual.

Angela, apprehensive, said nothing.

“Your mother is dead.”

The girl frowned, shook her head. What new devil’s trick was this? Had Gilles decided upon a different kind of torture? “No.” She denied the possibility that he spoke truth.

“She must have died during the night. She has been sickly for a long time—no fit wife for a healthy man—as I was often forced to remind her. But I do not intend my plans to be thwarted by a maudlin display of sentiment. We shall proceed with the wedding as I arranged, only now we shall be able to dispense with the expense and bother of a big county affair. Just a quiet ceremony here at Swanholme, with only the required number of witnesses. People will quite understand that a newly bereaved husband cannot wish for an elaborate show.” His composure was returning; he managed one of his mirthless smiles. “I shall have your mother buried quietly tomorrow. Then the day after, you and Vivian will be wed without fuss or palaver.”

“Are you insane?” gasped the girl. “What will be the attitude among the neighbors you are always so desirous of impressing, when they observe your unseemly haste?” The shock of his matter-of-fact announcement and cold-blooded program momentarily insulated Angela from her own grief. At this instant she had room only for horror at her stepfather’s callous insensitivity. “You are despicable! The whole county will know you for what you are!”

“Indeed?” His complacence quite restored, Gilles picked up the slender cane. “I had anticipated that you might wish to dispute my decision, so I am prepared to—to reason with you.” He moved around from behind Denzil’s desk and approached the girl, who stood frozen with terror, staring at him. “You have not shed a single tear for your dear mamma, have you, my child? Perhaps I had better remedy that sad lack in you.”

The next few minutes were an agony for the girl. Weakened as her spirit was by the news of her mother’s death, she was not able to resist the pain of the beating. Her tears flowed; she sobbed and moaned under the blows. Gilles finally flung down the cane.

“It is good to see that you have the relief of tears,” he smiled. “Now get up to your room and put on black clothing for the look of the thing. I shall arrange the funeral at once.”

It was then that Angela fled to the attics, to which limbo Gilles had banished all mementos of his predecessor and where he himself had never been known to come, and huddled down beside Marian’s old trunk, so often used when they accompanied Denzil on one of his impromptu visits to London. Here Angela wept for the beloved mother who had borne in silence the punishments which otherwise might have been inflicted upon her only child. After a long time the girl’s tears ceased to flow. She sat up and peered around her through reddened, puffed eyelids. It came into her mind that the life Gilles had planned for her, while just bearable as long as she had her mother’s presence to strengthen her, was a nightmare impossibility now. To be alone in the house with Gilles Loring and his servants! Better to go to London with her foppish new husband than to allow herself to be sequestered in a lonely house at the mercy of a monster of cruelty!

Angela squared her shoulders, accepting the new burden. She would go with Vivian Nellis when he left for London. Of course he cared nothing for her, would feel her to be an encumbrance, but she could promise him that she would never interfere with his pleasures, stay completely in the background, if only he would take her with him away from Swanholme!

Then she caught her breath in a frightened inhalation. It would not fadge! Vivian was weak. He would do whatever his uncle bade him. His bribe and stipend depended upon that! It was too much to hope that Gilles would permit the girl who owned the estate he coveted to get beyond his reach! Too many things could happen once his stepdaughter arrived in London, free of his control. With a fearful sinking of spirit, Angela realized that if she were ever to be free of Gilles Loring, it must be before she was locked into a marriage with his nephew. But how? The house servants were all loyal to Loring—they were his creatures. Had he kept any of the old retainers who might be expected to have some affection for their former master’s daughter? Frantically she considered the roster: Gilles had brought his own groom with him, and Botts had found his own ostlers and stableboys. But wait! Old Beamish was still here! He had saddled her mare for her the last time she rode, and had lingered to phrase an awkward sentence or two about old times. Beamish! If she could get to him, arrange for a horse, run away!

A moment’s careful consideration revealed the numerous flaws in that scheme. Unless she left with just what she stood in, her departure from the stables with luggage would be witnessed and reported. And when the horse did not return, Old Beamish would be punished, sent away, and he had no place to go and no one to care if he lived or died. Could she put at risk the security of an old man? Angela drew a long, shuddering breath. It was time, at almost eighteen years old, she told herself, that she began to use the intelligence she possessed. There must be a better, safer plan. She had made up her mind to escape. First she would need clothing. Easing her aching body up from the floor, she opened her mother’s old trunk.

A waft of lavender came to her nostrils. Folded neatly on top were several costumes, perhaps outmoded, but gay and pretty and in good repair. They had been new when Marian married Gilles; but he had told his wife he didn’t approve of them. She had docilely packed them away and purchased, under his supervision, dresses he deemed more suitable for Gilles Loring’s wife.

Angela doffed her crumpled, torn woolen dress and scrambled into a riding habit with long, draped skirt and a military flair of epaulettes and buttons. It fitted her slender body very well, but the color—a rich, light blue—was so noticeable that Angela knew she could be easily traced by it. Then she found the somber black dress, cloak and bonnet which Marian had bought to wear to the funeral of Denzil’s Aunt Alys, and had never worn again.

The girl seized upon this funereal garb with satisfaction. It was dowdy and unremarkable. As she draped the voluminous cloak about her slender frame, she felt almost as though Marian was offering her protection for the desperate plan. Slipping her own dusty dress back on, the girl bundled up the black raiment and closed the trunk. Then, about to return to her room, she recalled her favorite memento, the miniature of her parents painted upon ivory. Denzil, young and happy, was smiling widely as he held his young wife in the curve of one strong arm. The miniature had been one of the first things Gilles had banished from the drawing room. Angela ran to the dusty old cabinet in one corner of the attic and found the painting in a drawer. Tucking it into her bosom under her fichu, she made her way to her mother’s room without meeting any of the servants.

Marian Swann Loring, fragile and lonely under a fresh counterpane, had in death a look more peaceful and serene than she had worn in life. The long fair hair had been neatly brushed and braided by the doctor’s old female assistant who laid out bodies for burial. The thin hands had been crossed upon the breast. Angela bent over and kissed her mother on the cheek. Then, dry-eyed, she crept from the room.

She did not go down to luncheon, but washed away the dust and cobwebs of the attic carefully before she changed into her best underclothing and her Sunday dress. Choosing an old drawstring bag which had belonged to her mother, she filled it with the small keepsakes which were her very own: the miniature, a tiny ring, too small now, given her by Denzil for her tenth birthday, which held a tiny diamond; next followed a change of underclothing, wrapped small, two handkerchieves, and a soft lace fichu which would not wrinkle for being crushed. Then came the lavender soap, the making of which had always been one of Marian’s pleasures.

Angela looked around her bedroom carefully, her sorrow-darkened eyes forlorn. So little left to mark the happiness the Swann family had known! She would not be reluctant to leave Swanholme now, for it had been darkened by the greedy shadow of Gilles Loring. Then the girl mocked herself. Reluctant to leave? She would be fortunate indeed if she could manage to get away from the surveillance of Loring and his sycophantic servants!

Where could she go? She had no money for the stagecoach, no relatives or friends who might be willing to shelter her from her legal guardian. Even the redoubtable old Mrs. Bothwell would be unable to protect her, or keep her out of the hands of her stepfather, whose right to control her person was absolute under the law.

Very well, then, she must manage alone. Think! she commanded herself. But that was easier said than done. She began to pace her bedroom floor, concocting and ejecting plan after plan. It was while she was thus engaged that she became aware of another presence in the room. Turning, she beheld Gilles Loring in the act of closing the door behind him. He grinned at her.

“It is all settled, girl. I’ve just come from a long, encouraging chat with Dr. Slomayn and Parson Quayle. After a few mellowing glasses of run-brandy, they were full of pity for the bereaved husband. I even got Quayle to agree to conduct a wedding between Vivian and you within three days!” he gloated.

“How could you persuade—” choked the girl.

“I presented the idea of my sorrowing daughter needed the protection of a young, ardent husband . . . a change of scene—” he chuckled. It was apparent that her stepfather had enjoyed the brandy as much as had the doctor and the priest. Angela saw a ray of hope in his words.

“A change of scene?” she whispered, her great gray eyes searching his ruddy face.

Gilles barked a laugh. “Don’t get your hopes aroused, girl! When Vivian is ready to leave for London, it will be found that you have an illness—a putrid sore throat, maybe, or a colicky disorder—which will make it quite ineligible for you to set out upon such a tiring journey.” He smiled tauntingly. “I am free at last! Free of your wretched, puling mamma, free to look elsewhere for my pleasure . . . to younger, fresher bodies!”

Hypnotized by his triumphant, bulging eyes, Angela felt herself losing consciousness. The room seemed to sway and turn around her, and the light waxed and waned. Surely Gilles could not mean the thing he was implying—could he? She sought to regain control of her senses.

Gilles had turned to the bed and was examining the black garments she had placed there.

“Is that what you intend to rig yourself out in for the funeral?”

“It is an old dress M-mother wore to Aunt Alys Swann’s funeral,” she explained.

“Won’t do!” Gilles belched. “I can’t have all the busybodies in the neighborhood saying I decked you out in your mother’s old rags!”

“I have no money to buy anything else—and no time,” the girl reminded him. “Since you have arranged the funeral for tomorrow.”

“It will be late in the afternoon,” Gilles told her. “If you go to the village at once—” He scrutinized the pale, desolate face suspiciously. “You look sufficiently mournful to satisfy the quizzes. I’ll take you into Averly this afternoon—no, damn it! I have to be here to receive courtesy calls. I’ll give you money and send you with Poll. Will you like that plan?” He watched her expression closely.

Angela knew he was testing her, and she deliberately removed from her voice and her face all signs of vitality or rebellion. “Would that not look very odd to the neighbors? Should I not be here with you this afternoon?” Her hands were clenched into white-knuckled fists, but she hid them within the voluminous folds of her woolen skirt. “I’ll wear this black dress of Mother’s, or one of my Sunday dresses.”

“That you will not!” contradicted her stepfather. “You will go with Poll to the village at once!” As she had hoped, his desire to exert his authority over her had led him to demand the very course of action Angela wished to take. Could she manage to escape from the surveillance of Poll, a buxom, hard-eyed brunette with a bold, overfamiliar manner?

“I am still too sore from the beating you gave me to walk so far,” objected the girl, daring greatly. “You will have to ask Mrs. Webster to come here. Besides, I have no money.”

With a vicious imprecation, Gilles flung a small leather purse at her feet. “You’ll walk! And any pain you exhibit will be considered as grief for your dear mother,” he said. Then, as she hesitated, “Pick up the purse, damn you! And I know exactly how much is in it, Miss! You will return whatever the Webster woman does not take. I’ll warn Poll to watch every move you make!”

Angela bent her head to disguise the incredulous joy she felt. A full purse! And to go to the village without Gilles’s supervision! And, she promised herself grimly, she would even find some way to handle Poll.

Within half an hour Angela, arrayed in her best Sunday costume and closely attended by the aggressive Poll, walked rapidly down the driveway of Swanholme and made her way to the village of Averly. The girl was more fortunate than she had dared to hope. Poll was easily diverted to a close study of feathered bonnets and brightly colored silk scarves. While she tried these on in the outer room which was the cottage’s shop and showroom, Angela retired to the bedroom in which Mrs. Webster did her sewing and fitting. After offering her condolences, the seamstress announced that she had a bolt of black silk, which she offered to drape over a gray tabby gown already cut and partly sewed for another customer. “For indeed she’s gone to Penzance for a fortnight, and I can stitch up another dress for her before she returns.” The old lady gave Angela a searching look. “It’s all been very hasty, hasn’t it, my dear? Your mother’s funeral, and then the wedding?”

Angela stroked the exquisite watered silk with the silvery sheen. She hardly knew how to reply. Her stepfather had so shrewdly consolidated his image as a benevolent, hearty, man’s man in the district that it would have been quite impossible for Angela to change the picture with a few words. Instead she shook her head sadly, and offered the good woman the money Gilles had provided—a generous amount, to reinforce his pose of benefactor.

“It’s far too much,” protested Mrs. Webster.

“I think Mr. Loring wished to recompense you for the trouble you will have in hurrying the dress through,” Angela confided with an ingenuous smile. “He also suggested that you might provide Poll with a scarf . . . or something. She has been of great service to him . . . in this crisis.”

Mrs. Webster nodded but said nothing, giving the pale-faced girl an old-fashioned look. Quality might be fooled by Mr. Gilles Loring, but she was not, having sewed for Marian Swann in happier days. She went to her little cash box and took out several pound notes which she pressed into the girl’s hand. “I’ll bring the dress to you tomorrow morning, my dear child. And I’ll let that Poll choose a scarf, and tell her it and your dress required all the money your stepfather sent. She won’t blab as long as she has her scarf, and men know nothing about the cost of women’s clothing anyway—except to grumble at it!”

Faint with gratitude for the help from this unexpected quarter, Angela thrust the money within her bodice and smiled tremulously at the old woman. Exultation warmed her blood. She had enough now to pay the fare on the stagecoach, if she could manage to get to it without discovery, and maintain herself in some distant town until she could find employment.

Yet as the day waned, hope waned with it. Although he did not question the girl’s announcement that Mrs. Webster had required all the money he sent, merely muttering something about cursed village screws, he did not permit Angela to absent herself at all during the rest of the day from his constant surveillance, even detailing Poll to accompany her to her room that night. When Angela was safely in her bed, Poll squirmed to settle her ample frame in a padded armchair.

“Do you have to perch in that uncomfortable roost all night, poor Poll?” queried the girl in a pseudo-pitying, sleepy voice.

Poll uttered a word not commonly to be heard in a lady’s presence. “Yus,—! I’ve got to pay twice for the present you got me.”

“Why not just lock me in and get some rest?” Angela offered idly.

“He’d have my hide for it, your dad would,” averred the woman.

“Good night, then,” murmured Angela, and pretended to drift off to sleep. But Poll’s vigilance did not seem to be relaxing, and a weary Angela dropped off with freedom no closer than it had ever been.

The following morning, all was bustle to prepare the house for the visits which would follow the short church ceremony. Danvers had brought up the finest brandies from the cellar; the maids were kept busy preparing pasties and small cakes for the wake. Through it all, Gilles hovered above his kingdom like a tyrant, alert for any sign of disobedience. Angela, forced to bide her time, donned the hastily pulled-together mourning gown and spent her time trying to entertain the very bored and petulant Vivian. That callow youth was already fretting to return to London, and was in no very lenient frame of mind. Still, Angela managed to keep him sweet so that he did not let his rancor become too evident to the neighbors who called to commiserate with the bereaved family. That her yeoman efforts had not gone unremarked the girl learned when the door had finally closed on the last of the guests.

“Thank God that’s over!” whined Vivian, pouring himself a generous drink.

“Thank your future wife that my plans were not completely scuttled,” snarled his uncle. “You presented the very glass and fashion of the arrogant townsman.” Gilles gave Angela a look of approval. “You’ve convinced ’em that you’re head over heels in love with the fool, and the wedding so soon will cause less of a furor because of that.” He gave her a leering smile. “Have you decided that it’s to your advantage to obey me, then?”

He walked over to her and deliberately took her slender arm in his hand, crushing it slowly.

The pain was intense, and Angela, lifting her beautiful gray eyes to meet his challenging stare, did not try to conceal her misery. “What use to rebel?” she asked weakly. “You are the master here.”

It was what he wanted to hear, but his hard gaze continued to search her features. At length he released her arm. The agony of returning sensation almost caused her to cry out, but she smothered the sound. This final evidence of submission seemed to satisfy him.

When Poll had seen Angela into bed a short while later, the woman gave the girl a sly smile. “I’ll be busy elsewhere tonight, Miss,” she said. “I’ll just lock you in.”

Angela shrugged and turned away to hide the excitement she feared might be visible on her face. “I’m sleepy,” she murmured.

Angela waited for three hour before she made the move she had so carefully planned during the last two nights. Without lighting even one candle, she slipped into her clothing—the voluminous old weeds Marian had worn to Aunt Alys’s funeral—and, retrieving her leather drawstring pouch from under the bed where she had hidden it, she crept to the door of her bedroom.

It had not been too difficult to pocket the butler’s master key during the latter part of the evening. He had hung it on the hook in the pantry, as usual, before he went up to bed. As Angela knew, it fitted all the bedroom doors. Even as she turned it, the girl held her breath lest, even now, Gilles might have recollected that small fact and be hastening to prevent her escape. But the upper hallway was silent and empty; her stepfather was too drunk or too well occupied with Poll to concern himself about the girl he thought he had mastered completely.

Angela crept down the back stairs to the kitchen. It was still warm from the business of the day. As she eased open the back door, Angela sent one loving farewell thought to her mother and the home where they had been happy with Denzil Swann. Then, quietly closing the door, she made her way to the stables without a backward glance.

In the warm and redolent darkness of the stable, the girl began to saddle the gentle mare she always rode.

“What be ye about, Missie? Ye’ll never want to be ridin’ off at this hour?” came a voice at her shoulder.

Rigid with shock, Angela dared not even turn her head to see who had discovered her flight. Nausea rose in her throat at the disappointment—so close to escape! Then, past the barrier of shock, she recognized the voice. The speaker was Old Beamish! With no alternative, she threw herself upon the old fellow’s mercy.

“I am running away from home, Beamish,” she whispered. “I cannot stand to be near Mr. Loring.”

The ancient servant shouldered past her and began to saddle the mare. “I’ll lead ’er out to the trees for ye, Missie. Slip away now, lest the stableboy hears ye.”

Thankfully Angela obeyed, but while she waited under the trees, all the consequences which might arise from her behavior came home to her. If anyone discovered Old Beamish in the act of helping her to escape from her home, the old fellow would have no hope of avoiding dismissal. Loring might even whip him first, to impress upon the rest of the staff the folly of disobedience. Even if Beamish could keep her name out of it, he would have to be sharper then she thought him to be, to find an excuse for saddling a horse at that time of night. Even supposing that he was not discovered at his task, and that she herself got safely away, how could Beamish explain the absence of Miss Angela's mare when he was supposed to keep night guard of the stable?

The girl was almost ready to run away without the mare when a better idea came into her head. Almost immediately, as upon cue, Old Beamish appeared beside her, holding Molly’s reins.

“I will tell you what I am going to do, Beamish,” she began in a very low voice. “I intend to drown at Spanish Cove, and you must discover Molly saddled outside the stable at dawn.”

Even in the moonlight it was easy to read the alarm on the old man’s face. “Now, now, Missie,” he began, in the manner of one seeking to pacify a dangerous lunatic, “there must be a better way, surely? Parson Quayle could advise ye—”

“No, no, Beamish, I do not intend actually to drown myself. Merely to leave an extra set of clothing upon the beach at the Cove, so that whoever finds it will assume I have drowned! Do you not see, Beamish? If I am thought to have died, then Mr. Loring will not bother to search for me.”

Old Beamish had many good qualities, but suffering fools gladly was not one of them. “If ever I heard such a knock-in-the-cradle! Your own father taught you to swim in the river, and you’ve paddled around in the Spanish Cove adunnamany times, to my certain knowledge! A sharp like Gilles Loring ain’t goin’ to be diddled by any such bookish notion! Drowned in Spanish Cove—what a totty-headed idea!” His rheumy old eyes glared at her in the moonlight. “I suppose ye know the gypsies are camped at the Cove? If ye think they’d let a prime mare like Molly come back to the stable, you’re fair and far off! Nor they wouldn’t leave a bundle o’ good clothes sittin’ on the sand, neither! So there’d be nothin’ to tie you to the Cove. No, Missie, ye’d best just take Molly and go. I’ll say I fell asleep.”

Angela was about to give way to despair when an idea flashed into her mind. “Take off Molly’s saddle, Beamish,” she whispered urgently. “I’ll remove the reins and bridle. I shall ride Molly to the crossroads and wave down the early stagecoach as it slows for the hill. As soon as I reach the crossroads, I’ll turn Molly loose. She’ll come back here. Can you wait up and return her to her stall?”

“Why not?” grumbled the old fellow. “Been puttin’ ’em in an’ takin’ ’em out for ninety years.”

Angela chuckled. “Thank you, Beamish,” she breathed. She scrambled up onto Molly’s back with a boost from the old groom, and taking the mane firmly in her hands, guided the docile little mare through the trees to the road.

Within half an hour she had dismounted at the crossroads and sent Molly home with a sharp slap. Then the girl sat down on a milestone to await the coming of the London coach.





Chapter 5



Angela’s escape was more easily accomplished than she had dared to hope. The coachman of the London stage had had to slow his tired team for the hill leading to the crossroads, and he was willing to take notice of the wildly waving arms of the small funereal figure which haled him in the dawn. He did not carry complaisance so far as to dismount and open the door of the coach for her, but one of the passengers, a weedy youth, thrust the door open almost in her face, and gave her a hand up.

The coach was not too crowded, which might have accounted for the coachman’s willingness to halt. Three of the five inside passengers were drowsing lethargically after the long, uncomfortable night. The weedy youth informed her that they were not to pause for breakfast for at least another hour. This naturally pleased the girl, now well embarked upon her desperate adventure. She peered shyly at her fellow passengers from under the short veil of her mother’s black bonnet. An elderly couple dozed on the rear seat, the man’s head on his wife’s ample shoulder. Opposite them, a sour-faced man in neat professional black snored against the greasy upholstery.

Directly across from Angela lounged a colorful figure, a young woman in a red and white striped robe à la Polonaise, very low cut in front, over which she had draped a brown shawl. Her face, in the unflattering light of dawn, was revealed to be covered with a heavy layer of paint, and her bright yellow hair was topped by an elaborate hat, now askew. On her lap she held a black leather case, upon which she rested her forearms securely. Angela could hardly tear her startled gaze from this extraordinary vision.

The girl greeted her wondering stare with a frown. “You’ll know me next time you see me,” she sneered. “God save me from Quakers and country bumpkins! You’re not just a fashion plate from La Belle Assemblée yourself, in that dismal getup,” she went on. “Somebody died?”

Then, catching the sudden spasm of grief which crossed Angela's face, the other girl said less harshly. “I’m sorry! I guess I’m tired. It’s been a long night!” and she cast a crabbed look at the other occupants of the coach. “Who was it then, love?”

“My mother was buried yesterday,” Angela said quietly.

The other girl wasted little sympathy. “And now you’re off to the great city to make your fortune?” teased the garishly dressed inquisitor; then, without waiting for a reply, she went on, “Goin’ on the stage, are you?” She chuckled at her own jest. “Or have you got some relatives to give you a home? Mind they don’t make a rotten drudge of you! That’s what happened to me.”

Angela's surprised look set her companion to giggling. “Bet you’re thinkin’ I don’t much resemble a drudge.” She preened her body in the gaudy robe. The weedy youth was watching her, wide-eyed.

“I soon caught on to what they planned for me,” the girl continued. “I stayed just long enough to find my way about, and then I left ’em—with a very handsome gent who’d come to call on my cousin.” She laughed. “Shouldn’t think Maude’s forgiven me yet! For all I care!”

Angela drew a deep breath. This young woman had lived! And in spite of all the cautionary tales, she seemed to be enjoying her life. Pushing back her own bonnet, which the jolting of the coach had tipped forward, she said, “I am Angela—” A horrid thought struck her. She could be traced by her name! “—Angela Smith. May I know your name?”

The other girl favored her with a pert grin. “Oh, I’m called Zalie. Like you, I have trouble remembering my last name.” She giggled. “Well, Angie, since we’ll have to spend the devil of a time in this godawful bone-shaker of a coach, I’m glad we’re going to be friends.”

It was pleasant to talk to a bright, irreverent young woman like Zalie, Angela decided. For so long she had had no one of her own age, no cheerful young companion like this girl, who refused to be intimidated by the minatory looks of her fellow passengers or the encroaching advances of the weedy youth. When the coachman finally permitted a stop, Angela ate her breakfast with the best appetite she had had for weeks. She and Zalie shared a settle near the fire at the inn, and made short work of the fairly appetizing meal which was thrust at them by a harassed slavey. Angela noted that Zalie kept her black leather case on her lap throughout the meal, awkward though it proved to be. She herself kept the string of Marian’s pouch firmly about her own wrist, so she quite understood Zalie’s action. When a girl is alone in the world, she must cling to her belongings, no matter how few or how humble! She was moved to say as much to Zalie, and received a sharp glance in return. Perhaps it made the other girl feel less secure to know that she had betrayed her secret concern?

Bowling along in the coach once more after breakfast, Zalie continued to prove herself an amusing companion, and Angela even went so far as to ask her, in a voice below the hearing of their neighbors, if she knew of any situation Angela might secure in London.

The other girl raised a mocking eyebrow. “Sure you want to go to the Wicked City, love? You could stop at a smaller town, and find less to frighten you.”

It was kindly meant, Angela knew, but she dared not disclose that she sought the anonymity of the great Metropolis in order to be safely hidden from her stepfather. So she made some offhand remark about wanting to see London, and turned the subject.

By dusk, both girls were feeling the strain of the endless jolting and swaying. They were hungry, too, and eager to leave the confines of the coach. As the carriage drew into the cobbled courtyard of a large posting house called Pride of Exeter, Zalie peered out of the small window and made a suggestion.

“Lots of folk stop overnight, Angie, and go on again in the morning when they’re rested. Why don’t we get a small room—oh, very cheap, for we haven’t money to burn!—and lay up for the night?”

Angela’s exhausted body clamored agreement, while her cautious mind was still trying to figure out how much it would cost and whether Gilles might be likely to trace her here. She gave way to her body’s demands and got down from the coach as soon as the inn ostler swung the door open. First, however, she sought out the coachman and paid her fare, allowing him to think that this was her final destination. Then she went into the hostelry to seek Zalie. She found her new friend in the taproom, just finishing a small ale. Zalie was able to inform her that they could have the use of a room “under the eaves, but that’s no matter; it’ll be warmer there.”

The cost was small enough to surprise Angela, who had not traveled recently, and when she had, not under such spartan circumstances. The girls proceeded at once into the Ordinary, where they had a satisfying meal of beef and cabbage and potatoes, all ladled from the same pot, for a reasonable sum. Angela found it delicious.

When they sat back, replete, Zalie grinned at her companion. “Don’t need a chaperone when I’ve got you along, Angie! That rig-out is enough to scare off the bucks. Don’t it put you in the dismals t wear such ugly duds?”

Angela considered the question seriously. She could hardly admit that she regarded the costume as a useful disguise, for her new friend would immediately wish to be told why a disguise was necessary. So she shook her head and smiled sleepily. “I’m so tired. Can we go to our room now, do you think?”

“Of course, if you want to,” agreed Zalie. Then, with a glance around the rapidly filling Ordinary, she rose quickly. “Yes, let’s go up.”

As they walked toward the door, Angela's glance was caught by the serious, wide blue gaze of a big man who had been facing them as they ate. He had a splendid, heavyset body and a craggy face crowned with sandy hair. Strangely, Angela found no menace in the steady scrutiny of those remarkable blue eyes. As she passed the man, she pulled down the veil of her bonnet to conceal her face from any further glances, however.

When they had clambered up the last of several staircases, the girls were too winded even to speak. Gasping, Zalie pushed open the door into the tiniest room Angela had ever seen. A single bed filled it almost from wall to wall. There was one tiny round window, up under the roof. There was neither chest of drawers, wardrobe, nor closet. Just a bed and four walls. Zalie stared around unbelievingly.

“Well, we won’t get lost if we walk in our sleep,” she commented finally.

Angela giggled. “There’s nowhere to walk to,” she agreed.

There was smothered laughter as they divested themselves of their outer garments, seated upon the bed as they did so. Zalie squeezed her square leather case under the bed and settled down above it, lounging against the headboard, obviously ready for a comfortable girlish coze. Angela was not so forthcoming, but she did enjoy the other girl’s spirited comments upon their fellow-travelers, the meals they had been served, and the hazards of life in a big city. Just as Angela's eyelids were beginning to droop over her eyes, Zalie startled her with a sudden request.

“Angie, can I tell you something important?”

“Yes, of course, Zalie. If you wish to.”

“I am running away from a horrid marriage.”

Angela sat upright in the bed, eyes and mouth open.

“No!”

“Yes,” said Zalie, with considerable satisfaction. Her eyes were intent upon the open, unguarded countenance beside her. “It is almost like a play upon the stage.” This was not really so remarkable, since it was from that exact source that Zalie had filched the idea. “My wicked uncle wishes me to marry a man of his choice, and I hate the creature! So I am running away!”

Angela was betrayed by this amazing coincidence into a reckless disclosure. “But that is my own case exactly! I am running way from a repugnant marriage also!”

“So that’s the reason for your somber disguise,” mused Zalie. Then she smiled pityingly. “My dear girl, you only make yourself unforgettable in that rig! If your father has ever caught sight of that costume, he will have no trouble identifying you—and it!—at first glimpse!”

Angela was forced to admit that Zalie’s comment made sense. And Gilles had seen the clothing, had even lifted it in disparaging hands.

Still, he had never actually seen her in it. She shook her head. Meeting Zalie’s bright curious glance she said slowly. “I shall have to take my chances. I have no other clothing.”

Zalie clapped her hands with a loud laugh. “But I have! And I’ve just conceived the perfect scheme. We’ll change clothes!”

Angela frowned. “Change?”

Zalie indicated her red and white striped polonaise, casually tossed over the foot of the bed. “You wear that and I’ll sport your gloomy draperies. Then if your father or my uncle catch up with us, they’ll pick up the wrong girl and give the other one a fine chance to escape!”

For a minute Angela was tempted. Surely Gilles, searching for his drab little stepchild, would never give second glance to the wearer of that garish costume. Then the thought of Gilles, or anyone else, seeing her with her bosom so exposed was too disturbing to contemplate. She shook her head.

“It wouldn’t fadge. My—figure is not as full as yours. I couldn’t hold it up.”

“We could pin it,” Zalie persisted.

Angela said more positively, “No, Zalie. You know how you’d hate to be seen in my dismal rig-out. You said so yourself.” She softened the refusal with a smile as she pulled the counterpane over her.

Shrugging, Zalie blew out the candle.





Angela awoke the next morning to an unaccustomed racket. Eyes closed, she tried to sort out and identify the sounds: the shout of men, the rattle of horses’ hooves on cobbles, the crunch and screech of carriage wheels, the slamming of doors. . . . She stretched and opened her eyes, reassured by this loud evidence of her escape from peaceful Swanholme.

The first sight which caught her attention was the gaudy red and white polonaise draped causally at the foot of the bed. Turning to smile at her companion, Angela was surprised to find the space empty. She sat up abruptly. Zalie would hardly have left their tiny room without first donning her dress—yet there was no place within that tiny cell where she could be hiding. Angela's eyes widened. One more fact suddenly thrust itself into her mind. Her own clothing, neatly folded over the footboard the previous evening, was nowhere to be seen! Scrambling down the bed, the girl peered over the footboard. No heap of dark cloth met her frantic gaze. The incredible idea had to be accepted. Somehow, stealthily and silently during the night, Zalie had dressed in Angela's clothing and left the room.

But why would a girl play such a trick, exchanging her own garments for a costume she had derided? Angela caught her breath. Exchange! The last thing Zalie had talked about as they were preparing to go to sleep was her preposterous proposal that the girls change clothing! But Angela had rejected the idea.

It now appeared that Zalie had not.

Angela was appalled. On the first day of her escape to freedom she had already lost her clothes, the concealing, black-veiled bonnet and the cloak which had given her anonymity and a measure of respect. This gaudy costume of Zalie’s would make her the cynosure of all eyes. No one could avoid glancing at the garish thing! Its wearer would be hard to forget!

“I might as well carry a placard,” fumed Angela, sick at heart. Then a more devastating thought struck her. Marian’s leather pouch! Had Zalie taken that also?

Scrambling back to her pillow, Angela searched frantically underneath it, then closed on a comforting shape. At least Zalie had confined her theft to an unsanctioned exchange of garments. Angela crouched down and peered under the bed. Zalie’s leather case was gone.

Grimly the girl dressed in the polonaise, considered and rejected with a shudder the beplumed and flowered bonnet, and, after combing her long, lustrous black hair and braiding it in a thick coronet, draped Zalie’s heavy woolen shawl over her head and crossed the ends decently over her exposed bosom. There was no mirror, but Angela knew she had done her possible to present a decorous front to the world.

Hurrying down the flights of stairs, she found her hostess caught up in the breakfast bustle of her kitchen. It was some reassurance to learn that Zalie had paid her own share of the night’s lodging.

“She has gone without speaking to me,” the girl explained her query.

“Oh, well, she’s paid, Miss.” The landlord’s wife’s brief glance at the red and white-striped dress indicated her opinion of it. “Poor widow lady, she had other things on her mind, I’ll be bound!”

“But she isn’t—” began Angela, and then closed her lips firmly. What was done was done. “Do you remember when she left?”

“She was in the kitchen at first light,” answered the good woman, a little restive at this inquisition. “Now if you’ll just, excuse me, Miss—”

“Did she mention her destination?” persisted Angela. If it was London, it might be possible to trace Zalie and get Marian’s mourning clothes back.

“She said she was going north to Scotland,” vouchsafed the landlord’s wife. “Took the early stagecoach north, I remember. Quite a rush to get her on it before it left.”

So Zalie had at least begun the journey north. Angela had no confidence that Scotland was the girl’s real destination, and she had no money to pursue a wild-goose chase. Sighing, Angela permitted herself to be directed to the Ordinary to break her fast.

“You’ve plenty of time, Miss, before the next coach comes through for London,” the landlord’s wife informed her.

In spite of the tasty breakfast, Angela's mood was glum. To the anticipated charges on her slender store of money she would now have to add a sum large enough to purchase a more suitable costume. At length, clasping her leather pouch close to her, Angela went out into the courtyard and prepared to wait for permission to board the stagecoach for London, which had just pulled in and was having fresh horses put to.

The vehicle was standing near the high-arched entrance, its coachman and guard in impassioned discussion with the inn’s head groom. The argument, easily overheard by virtue of the loudness of the participants’ voices, was apparently based on the coachman’s disgust at the team the ostlers had figged out for him.

“—naught but a bloody set o’ plough horses, Grum!” he was shouting.

“Oh, yers?” riposted the groom. “An’ I s’pose you was expectin’ a turnout of sixteen-mile-an-hour tits?” He jeered. “Get on yer way, Tommy Onslow!”

Muttering malediction, the coachman strode over to mount his box. The guard followed quickly, and a straggle of passengers hastened out to join those already in the coach, lest it should take off without them. Angela was hurriedly bringing up in the rear when a sudden commotion drew all eyes.

Into the courtyard galloped a splendid pair, foam-flecked, wild-eyed, pulling a natty curricle on the seat of which sat two gentlemen dressed in a very dashing style. As they sighted the London coach, they gave tongue vociferously.

“Stop! Hold the coach!”

The coachman was heard to express his distaste for flash coves who had no more sense than to disrupt the schedules of honest drivers. However, since the curricle was barring his way, the said honest driver could do nothing but pause to allow the dilatory creatures to join the party.

It appeared, however, that to join the passengers on their trip to London was not the purpose of either of the men in the curricle. While the stockier of the two held the horses, his companion leaped down and ran toward the coach. Everyone present was startled to hear him cry, in tones of unmistakable triumph, “Zalie! So I have caught you! Stop, thief!”

Saying which, the newcomer seized the stunned Angela by one shoulder and whirled her to face him. “Where are they, you cheap little slut? What have you done with the jewels?” And he shook her so hard the brown shawl fell from her head.

The guard and coachman stared down with rising suspicion at Angela. Passengers craned avidly from the narrow windows to enjoy the sensational doings. Numbers of persons who had no connection with the affair came hastening from all directions to discover the cause of the uproar. Quaking with alarm, Angela faced her accuser wide-eyed.

She saw a handsome, rather dissolute, and at the moment, very angry countenance, marked by heavy black eyebrows, dark eyes, and a full red mouth. At the moment the eyebrows were lifted in astonishment.

“You’re not Zalie!” cried the angry man. “But you’re wearing the dress she coaxed me to buy her just three days ago—the little thief!”

Angela found her voice in this extreme emergency. “Your precious Zalie has just robbed me of my own garments and left me to wear these—things,” she began, but her accuser was having none of such implausible excuses.

“You’re in league with the bitch to chouse me! I know your kind! You’ve changed clothes to confuse pursuit, but you will be meeting her somewhere to cut up the loot, I’ll swear!” He shook Angela until her shawl slipped from its precarious drape over her shoulders and pulled away from her breast. Momentarily caught by the sight of such tender adolescent charms in a garment made for a more buxom figure, the accuser grinned involuntarily. “Didn’t have time to patch it up? I’d like to see Zalie in a dress that fitted you! A regular bodice-buster. Zalie is!”

At this point the landlord came bustling up, and demanded to know by what right the gentlemen dared to halt the departure of a licensed stagecoach. The accuser, still gripping Angela tightly by the shoulder, turned to explain his action.

“This little ladybird has robbed me of a fortune, and I have just caught up with her. Unless she hands my jewels back to me at once, I shall call the constable! I am Lord Merrel, and my friend, Sir Horace Tilling, will vouch for my bona fides.”

“The gentleman is mistaken,” protested Angela, but no one paid any attention to her. Instead, the landlord tore her leather pouch from her grasp and thrust it at her accuser.

“Take it, and let the stage go,” he ordered.

Since Lord Merrel was standing with his back to the open door, the coach could not move without knocking him down.

“Not until I make sure Zalie isn’t hiding inside,” stated his lordship. “Hold this one while I look.”

The landlord took Angela by the arm, and Sir Horace, consigning his winded team to an ostler, ran over to join the fun. He took Angel’s other arm, stared at her, and said, “But this ain’t Zalie!” in tones of simple surprise.

“I told you I was not!” cried Angela, but again no one listened to her.

Milord climbed down out of the coach with great dissatisfaction. “We must get to the bottom of this,” he announced, and pulled Angela away from the landlord’s grip. Just as the latter was about to slam the door of the coach, a passenger disembarked and stood quietly observing the scene as the coach rolled away through the archway, its occupants craning for a last look at the tableau in the courtyard. One pair of eyes was startled, angry, unbelieving.

Angela, trying to hold the gaping bodice closed with one hand, was leaning down to pick up her shawl with the other. Lord Merrel pulled her upright and closer to him.

“What new tricks are you playing off?” he demanded. “You will come into the inn with me and be thoroughly examined at once! I’ll find my jewels if I have to tear every shred of clothing from your body!”

The landlord did not seem to object to this method of examination, and Sir Horace seemed positively to welcome the idea, but one voice rose unexpectedly in Angela's defense.

“It will be quite unnecessary to proceed to such extremes,” said the man who had descended from the coach at the last minute. Angela's terrified gaze flew to his face. It was the big, sandy-haired traveler she had seen in the Ordinary the night before.

“And what business is this of yours?” demanded Lord Merrel.

“You might call it simple justice,” answered the big man quietly. “This lady is not the one who was wearing that rather memorable costume last night when the coach arrived.”

“What has that to say to anything?” sneered Lord Merrel. “The doxy changed with her confederate to confuse pursuit. I’ll be bound Zalie’s off somewhere with my jewels, and left this poor creature to take the blame. That’s it!” he exclaimed, charmed with his own explanation. “Your confederate has duped you, little trull. Best tell us all you know. If you refuse, I’ll hand you over to the constables at once. Grand Larceny is a hanging offense.”

“Let us go inside,” urged the sandy-haired man, advancing firmly upon Lord Merrel so that the latter was forced to move in the desired direction or be pushed aside. While his lordship obviously did not relish this sort of persuasion, the big quiet man offered so little excuse for belligerence that it seemed easier to conform than to argue. Thus the little procession made its way to the inn, the landlord thankfully leading it to a small private parlor.

Lord Merrel, retaining his grip upon Angela’s arm, followed closely, while the sandy-haired man and Sir Horace brought up the rear. When he had them safely in the private parlor, the landlord, relieved to have this public scandal contained in decent privacy, asked one question.

“Does your lordship wish to summon Constable Littlefield?”

“Yes,” said Lord Merrel.

“No,” said the sandy-haired man.

“Who the devil are you?” snapped Lord Merrel, “and by what right are you interfering in what is none of your affair?”

“I am Richard Bennet of Bennet Farm, near Elsinghurst,” said the big man. His quiet authority and huge, sturdy presence seemed to impress the landlord of the Pride of Exeter as much as did his well-cut coat and really superb boots. Not so the two noblemen.

“Oh, a farmer,” sneered Sir Horace.

“Run along and harvest your crops,” advised Lord Merrel.

The landlord stared at the speakers with dislike. “I have heard of Bennet Farm,” he stated, “but I have not heard of a Merrel or a Tilling until this moment.”

“Lord Elsingham of Elsingham Manor will stand warrant for me,” said Richard Bennet quietly. “I was on the way to London on business of his when I arrived here last night.”

That seemed to settle the matter for the landlord. “Do you vouch for this lady, Mr. Bennet?” he asked.

Richard Bennet looked deeper into the pleading gray eyes. “I do,” he said quietly.

The landlord went out and closed the door. Let the Quality and the County Squire settle the matter between them, he thought. I have an Inn to run!”





Chapter 6



Richard Bennet took the wind out of Lord Merrel’s sails very neatly. Before the other man could open his mouth to launch a verbal attack, Richard deftly removed Angela from his loosened grip, escorted her to a seat, and handed her shawl. With a small tilt of his head and the ghost of a smile which was not visible to Lord Merrel or Sir Horace, he said gently, “This has been a shocking experience for you, my child. First robbed of your clothing, then mistaken for a thief! When the matter is made clear, I have no doubt Lord Merrel will make you a handsome apology—”

But this was going too far for the irascible nobleman.

“Apologize to that—” he began angrily. Then encountering Bennet’s steely blue glance, he moderated the term he had intended to use, “—to that lady for her part in robbing me? You must be mad!”

“But you have not proven that the child had anything to do with robbing you, have you? So first we had better see whether the young lady has anything of yours in her reticule.”

He took the drawstring pouch from Lord Merrel’s surprised grasp and opened it, upending it gently on the table. The tiny child’s ring, the miniature, the few coins tumbled out, well padded by Angela's simple underclothing and neat fichus and handkerchieves. While the men scrutinized the pitiful possessions, Richard picked up the ring in gentle fingers.

“Is this your jewelry Milord?”

“Of course not! That trumpery bauble!” He eyed the white-faced girl. “But perhaps, somewhere on her person, she has them concealed. I shall investigate—if you gentlemen will leave us? Just to spare the chit’s blushes, of course!” He grinned widely.

Sir Horace guffawed, and was understood to say that it was too bad of Julian to spoil sport. Richard Bennet did not seem to be amused. He put Angela's belongings carefully back in her pouch, closed it, and handed it to her. Then he addressed Lord Merrel in a rallying tone.

“You will do as you think wisest, of course. It seems to me that a man of your worldly knowledge, Milord, must be aware that no woman of the class you claim her to be would allow herself to be seen in a garment which looks like—that.”

Three pairs of masculine eyes, holding vastly different expressions, turned as one to stare at the baggy garment on the slight, girlish figure.

Lord Merrel grinned reluctantly. “Certainly Zalie wouldn’t be caught dead in any costume which displayed her touch a disadvantage,” he admitted. “But perhaps they had no time to do better.”

“Why?” asked Richard quietly.

“Why?” the question seemed to surprise Lord Merrel.

“If this was a conspiracy, as you claim, why were the conspirators so ill prepared for their exchange of clothing?”

“The scheme was probably hatched last night, when the two women shared a room,” suggested Sir Horace.

“Even then they would have done something to insure that the garments fitted. If your—friend’s clothing looks so oddly upon this child, how must the child’s garments look upon your friend?”

Julian laughed aloud at the image this conjured up. Diverted momentarily, he asked Angela, “How did she squeeze herself into your dress, girl?”

“I do not know, Milord,” Angela admitted. “When I woke this morning Zalie was gone and my clothing with her. Also her black leather box.”

“My jewels!” shouted Lord Merrel. “You saw them?”

“I saw only the box, and how carefully she kept it by her,” Angela informed him. “But when I dressed in these garments she had left me, and went down to inquire of the landlord’s wife as to Zalie’s whereabouts, the woman told me she had taken the early stagecoach north to Scotland this morning.” The girl faced the incredulity in Lord Merrel’s expression. “I, too, Milord, took leave to doubt that Scotland was Zalie’s real destination, but if you wish to find her, it should not be hard if you go at once, and follow the northbound coach. You might come up with it before it makes a posting stop, and Zalie has a chance to change either the coach or her clothes again. She is now wearing the most unfashionable garments of heavy black wool—my mother’s mourning clothes. There is a black dress, a heavy black cloak, and a black bonnet with a face veil.”

Sir Horace laughed heartily. “Can you picture Zalie in such a rig?” he asked. “She’ll hate every minute she has to wear it!”

“I have no fear she’ll soon chouse some other poor devil out of a new outfit! But I cannot accept that this little—lady knew nothing about the business,” he added, his eyes searching out the details of Angela's slight figure and small, lovely face rather greedily. “Tell me something about yourself, my dear,” he demanded. “If you are not an accomplice of Zalie’s, this disclosure of your own name and direction will exonerate you, will it not?”

Almost placidly Richard Bonnet intervened. “Should you not rather be pursuing the elusive Zalie? If she has your family jewels, as you claim, she should surely not be permitted to escape to Scotland or anywhere else with them? I understand she has only a few hours start on you? The stage is a lumbering vehicle. Could it not be overtaken by a man with some skill at the reins?”

“He’s right, you know, Julian,” agreed Sir Horace enthusiastically. “Just time for a quencher and then on our way, eh? Tally ho!”

Lord Merrel elected to turn stubborn. “This lady,” the emphasis was insulting, “has not yet seen fit to divulge her name and direction. I think it only common sense to make sure of so much, at least, before letting her go. I am not at all convinced she knows nothing more about the matter than she has admitted.”

“I have given you my name and direction, sir,” said Richard crisply. “I shall even write it down for you, if you feel you may have trouble remembering it.”

“You go surety for this lady?” sneered Lord Merrel, plainly displeased at the farmer’s intervention in what might otherwise have proved an easy conquest.

“I do,” replied Richard quietly, warning signs flying in his bright blue eyes. “Do you wish to dispute the matter?”

Sir Horace caught his friend’s arm. “Not at all the thing, Julian, embroiling yourself in a meeting with a farmer over a little light-skirt! If your mamma came to hear of it— Besides, the farmer’s in the right of it. Much better be off after the thief. She can’t have gone far. We might even catch the coach before she can leave it!”

Whether this appeal to common sense, the threat of his mother’s displeasure, or the hard gleam in Richard’s eye had the most effect upon Lord Merrel would be hard to determine. In the event, his lordship allowed himself to be persuaded, and after accepting slip from Bennet’s notebook upon which that gentleman had inscribed his name and direction, and casting a long, probing glance at Angela, the nobleman quitted the inn with his friend.

Richard sat down in a chair across from Angela, and, grinning, heaved an exaggerated sigh of relief. “I feared that hothead might have called me out,” he said, mendaciously. “My grandfather’s blunderbuss is really too old to be counted on for accuracy.”

Angela, who felt, at this moment of unexpected relief, more like weeping than laughing, found herself coaxed into a smile. Her new friend greeted this response with obvious relief. Getting up, he rang the bell for service. When the harried maidservant came to inquire as to his worship’s needs, Richard ordered two cups of tea and some biscuits.

Grateful for this prosaic remedy, Angela pulled together her shattered wits and began to thank her rescuer. “For I cannot see how I could have convinced the gentlemen of my innocence, since I dared not tell them my name—” she began, and then caught herself short in dismay. “Oh!”

“Och aye, I kenned as much,” her new friend reassured her, dropping into a soft Scots accent which charmed the girl. “ ’Twas for that very reason I led them off the scent with a wee bit of bluster and indirection.” His bright blue eyes regarded her with flattering admiration. “Forbye, ye’ve no need to tell me one word more than you wish, although I confess I’m in hopes you may permit me to help you. For one thing,” he added, before she could voice any objections, “you really must be rid of—er—Zalie’s dress before you face the world.”

Struck by the wisdom of this suggestion, Angela stared at the big man in gratitude. “I have not yet thanked you for getting back my bag for me,” she said shyly. “As you know, having seen the contents, I am not well-to-pass. Still you are correct in saying that I must not be seen in this—this garment! But how—”

“Will you not leave it to me, Miss—Och! I as good as said would not press for your name, did I not? And here I am havering on about it. Then how shall I address you? May I name you Miss Terry—because you present such a charming mystery to me?” he explained with a chuckle.

Angela found his gentle teasing so pleasant that she smiled quite spontaneously. At the enchanting sweetness of the expression Richard’s eyes widened and then narrowed with interest. The girl was holding out her small hand, saying, “I am Angela Swann, of Swanholme near Averly in Cornwall. I am running away from my stepfather who planned to marry me to his nephew.”

Richard’s eyebrows did not rise, nor did he show any shock or alarm at this startlingly indecorous disclosure. “Did your mother agree to the marriage?” he asked gently.

“She died three days ago,” Angela said forlornly. “My stepfather had arranged my marriage to take place—why, it was to be today!”

Richard smiled at her change of expression. “It would seem to be a blessed relief that you escaped the fellow,” he congratulated her, pleased to have her mind off her sorrow. He continued briskly, “Let us see if we cannot contrive a more suitable costume, Miss Swann, for I greatly fear you will draw too much attention in that—ah—exotic plumage.”

At this euphemistic description of the wretched dress, Angela actually laughed aloud. What a delightful Scottish gentleman this was, with his noble appearance and his droll wit! “You make the impossible appear easy,” she said warmly. “How do you plan to achieve this miracle? I have just over three pounds—”

Richard wasted no time. Before the girl quite knew what was, happening, he had arranged that the parlor be kept for Miss Terry’s exclusive use; had somehow avoided taking the money she was trying to thrust upon him, and had sallied forth into the town to secure less conspicuous clothing for his charge. Angela sat in blessed privacy sipping the fragrant tea and nibbling biscuits hungrily, not trying too hard to puzzle out the reasons for her new friend’s amazing kindness.

Within a remarkably short space of time, considering the results, Richard Bennet was back with a large, neatly wrapped parcel in his arms. This he deposited in Angela’s arms, brushed off her timid thanks, and disappeared while she donned the new dress. Angela made haste to unwrap the bundle. Her eyes widened at the dove gray dress revealed. It was exactly the color of her eyes—had he noticed—and was of the type called “riding coat,” or, in the vernacular, “redingote,” with revers and a triple falling collar. Angela, smoothing the gray superfine over her gently rounded hips, was lost in admiration of the elegant garment. Timidly she opened the door, to find her champion standing guard in the corridor. He entered the parlor at her invitation, hands held behind him, and proceeded to give the new costume an admiring survey. He seemed to find it more than adequate.

“I am informed,” he stated with a twinkle deep in his blue eyes, “that this dress is ‘all the crack,’ whatever that means!”

“It is le dernier cri,” Angela sighed blissfully. “You were not misinformed, sir.”

“I’ll admit ’tis a braw jupe, lassie, and you’re as comely as a young wood violet in it.”

Angela felt herself blushing. No man had ever paid her such a charming compliment, and while she wasn’t too sure of the meaning of ‘braw jupe,’ the look in Richard Bennet’s eyes told her it must be high praise in Scotland.

He brought his hand around from behind his back and held out a small hatbox. “Just for purposes of disguise, solely,” he said airily, fending off her embarrassed gratitude.

What a good man he is! the girl thought. Then she saw the hat, and words left her. It was an inspired creation of massed, tiny, silk-velvet violets, with a chiffon veil in the same color down to the chin. Angela neither knew nor cared if it was suitable to wear with the redingote, but fell instantly in love with it.

Richard was scrutinizing her intently. He stepped forward and lifted his hands to her head. Angela stopped breathing. Gently the man adjusted the frivolous trifle upon the shining dark hair; stood back, frowning fiercely, then nodded with a smile of satisfaction.

“Perfect!” announced Richard Bennet.

Angela allowed herself to breathe again. Then, minding her manners, she tried to thank Richard for his kindness, his generosity, his expert taste and knowledge. This gave her pause.

“How did you know, Richard? My size, I mean. For this lovely redingote fits as though it had been tailored for me—”

“Now that was a bit of skill on my part,” acknowledged her benefactor cheerfully. “I told the good lady that you were as slender and graceful as young willow, beautiful as a wood violet, and just as high as my heart—and you see I was exactly right!”

Dissolved in a gust of irresistible laughter, Angela felt her fears draining away, and in their place, a sort of delightful warmth she had never before experienced. “Oh, Richard!” she said softly. “It is the most beautiful hat I have ever seen! And the redingote so elegant! Thank you! Now you must tell me the cost, if you please!” She was resolved to keep them if she had to make payments to her benefactor for the next ten years.

But somehow in the next few hurried minutes, the subject of repayment seemed to get lost, as Richard, very brisk and businesslike, advised sternly, “We must make haste, now, lest your stepfather is on his way to search for you, and should find us here! I have hired us a gig, if you will not mind riding in an open carriage in all your finery? There are some pleasant shortcuts I know of, which will keep us far from the highway along which you might be expected to be found!”

Quite swept away by Richard’s urgency, Angela kept enough of her wits about her to ask, albeit diffidently, where they were bound? To which her protector, staring her in a bemused way for a moment, replied that they would go at once to his sister, Miss Margaret Bennet, “For you will be aware,” he said with a pawky Scots complacence, “that you must have a chaperone as soon as possible!”

Forced to acknowledge the wisdom of this decision, Angela recollected an earlier remark by the same gentleman. “But did I not understand you to say you were on your way to London on a commission for Lord Elsingham?”

“I believe I have changed my mind,” said Richard. “I forgot something I shall be needing in the near future, and have decided to go home for it first, before proceeding to the Metropolis.” Then, meeting her skeptical glance, he went on broadly, “Ah’m not usually sae shatter-brained, ye ken so ye see ’twas a maircy Ah encountered ye in the coachyard!”

Angela stared fascinated at her new friend’s tanned cheeks and observed the color rising in them. Richard was blushing! It was clear that he was going out of his way to get her bestowed in some safe place. Her innocent heart softened with gratitude. She did not argue further with him, preferring to accept his courtesy in the spirit in which it was offered. He is a true knight, she told herself, and I am the damsel in distress he is rescuing! I must be worthy of his great kindness. Perhaps his sister will let me work for her about the farm. Or she may know of employment I can get, and be able to repay some small part of my debt to Richard. Lost in these plans, Angela allowed herself to be shepherded into a smart little gig, her pouch handed to her, and a light robe draped across the elegant gray dress. Then Richard mounted beside her, thanked the grinning host with a smile and a word, and tooled the gig smartly out through the archway, across the highroad, and into a delightfully green country lane.





Chapter 7



It was almost dusk when Richard turned the gig in between neatly-painted white posts flanking a wide lane, deep-set between high, hedged banks.

“The Farm is just a mile now,” he assured her. “It is my sincere hope that the long drive has not tired you too much.”

Angela shook her head, “How could it? You have taken every care for my comfort—dinner at that dear little inn, frequent stops to view a pretty pastoral scene! And this gig is much more comfortable than the coach. I was sure I had not an unbroken bone in my body last night!”

Richard laughed, a deep sound which rumbled in his massive chest. He had enjoyed the day more than he could recall doing for a long time. Then it struck him like a blow that he had not once, until this moment, remembered his lost love. It was a memory which had haunted him daily for nearly five years. Kathryn! He waited for the familiar rush of pain.

It did not come.

Richard frowned. It was not like him to forget the woman he had loved and lost. He stared ahead with a somber visage, mentally castigating himself for a faithless clod. The girl beside him wondered, with a little clutch of fear, what she had said or done to bring so forbidding an expression to her companion’s handsome countenance. Too shy and too newly his friend to ask, she set her own lips against further chattering. She began to worry, for the first time during the drive, about her situation, and her chances of securing the much needed work.

The man became conscious of the new rigidity of her attitude. Poor little thing, he thought, she is quite foredone with all the excitements and worries of the day! Compassion sent his own dark memories into hiding. “Are ye weary, poor little lass?” he queried gently. “My sister Margaret will have a warm welcome for ye, I promise.”

The enormity of her presumption overwhelmed the girl. “I am imposing! I cannot think how I could have agreed to this!” she wailed softly. “I should never have come with you! Tomorrow I must find employment somewhere, so that I may keep myself, and not be a burden upon—upon strangers!” Her great tear-filled eyes were lifted to his, her small face desolate. “What must you think of me, Richard Bennet!”

Richard’s sandy eyebrows drew across his strong nose in a self-condemning frown, “Now whatever have I done to put ye in such a fret?” he asked. “How could a little one like you be a burden? Can ye no’ accept that my sister and I are eager to be your friends? There is time and to spare for finding work, bairn. When ye’re ready, Maggie will be pleased to help ye!” As he talked soothingly, he was relieved to see her tense, strained little face soften into calmness, and the haunted light go out of her eyes.

Angela stared toward the farmhouse they were now approaching. She must not let this wonderful man see how much she admired him, lest she create a problem for him and his sister with her unwanted affection. The wisest course would be to maintain a calm air of polite interest in the farm, and arrange to get herself out of their lives as quickly as possible. Unfortunately at this moment she recalled one of Gilles Loring’s inelegant maxims: “Fish and guests stink after three days.” But even Gilles had allowed for three days of hospitality! Angela promised herself she would be out of the Bennets’ lives within the prescribed time.

She forced her attention back to her host. Richard was pointing out with obvious pride the special beauties of his noble holding. The place surprised her, being larger than any farm she had seen near Averly. The buildings were better kept than even those at Swanholme. There were wide paddocks, white-fenced; sturdy barns and stables; three small cottages, each within its circle of flowering shrubs and trees. These cottages, Richard explained, were the homes of his married farm workers and their young families. All was orderly, peaceful, richly productive. Angela eyed Richard with renewed respect. As he brought the gig to a halt, she smiled up at him with her heart in her innocent face. Richard bent over and kissed her gently on the lips.

Observing this tableau with startled interest, a sweet-faced little woman stood on the front porch smiling a cheerful welcome.

“Back so soon, Richard? That must surely be the quickest trip to London ever made!” From her smile, it was plain that Maggie Bennet knew he had not completed his journey, and shrewdly guessed at his reason for so speedy a return, for her next words were a warm greeting to the girl who was blushing and smiling almost apprehensively at her.

“Come away in, my dear,” she said cordially. “I’ve just put the tea to steep, and the scones are hot from the oven.”

“Och, you were expecting us, then!” teased Richard. “And here we were thinkin’ we’d be givin’ ye a fine surprise!” He helped the girl down from the gig and handed the reins to a tall, grinning lad who’d appeared from behind the house. “Maggie, this is our new friend Angela Swann. I’ve brought her to stay with us for a wee while. She has just lost her dear mother, and had a bit of trouble with a very wicked stepfather—just like in the fairy tales. Angela, this is my sister Margaret.”

Miss Bennet beamed a welcome and pulled the girl gently toward the house. “I’ll just show you your room, Angela, and when you have freshened up from your long drive, come to the kitchen and we’ll all have a cup of tea.”

Suiting action to word, the woman led Angela to a delightful little room on the upper floor and pointed out the rose-painted basin and the ewer filled with freshwater, and the little china dish holding homemade lavender soap. At the sight and scent of this commodity, which had always been a pleasant product of Marian Swann’s housewifery also, sudden tears flooded the girl’s eyes. She put her hands up to her face in a gesture of desolation.

Instantly two warm arms were close about her shoulders, and a gentle voice which echoed Richard’s Scotts burr was offering comfort and condolence.

“There, there, now, lassie! Can you tell Maggie what’s the matter?”

To deny such loving-kindness was beyond the girl. Angela recounted the story of the last few terrible days, omitting nothing. It was a blessed relief to share it all—her grief for her mother, her fear of Loring’s cruelty, her distaste for the foppish Vivian, her frightening realization that she had no one to turn to in her own home, her revulsion against her stepfather.

“Gilles has always beaten me and my mother, but that last day, Miss Bennet, he looked at me so queerly . . . when he spoke about—about younger, fresher bodies . . .” Angela put her hands to her face again. “Oh, ma’am, I had the most . . . the most fearful notion that he . . . meant me!” she whispered.

Maggie Bennet’s face was a study in concern for the child, and anger and disgust at the stepfather. All she said, as she patted the girl’s slender shoulder, was a quiet, “You are safe here, child. We shall not let that monster harm you.”

Brave words, she thought to herself as she held the trembling girl and murmured words of comfort. Brave words, but what could we do if the brute presented himself and demanded the custody of his own stepdaughter? Richard would make a good fight of it, that went without saying. She knew his strength, and his ready compassion for the underdog, but how far could his integrity prevail against the force of the law? Smothering a sigh, she put the girl gently from her and offered a smile.

“Take off that pretty bonnet, child, comb your hair, and wash your face and hands. Then I’ll show you to the kitchen. It’s the heart of Bennet Farm, Miss Swann—”

“Oh, please, could you call me Angela?” begged the girl.

“Angela,” agreed Maggie indulgently.

The girl smiled with such sweetness that Maggie felt a pleasant stir of surprise. A wild idea flashed through her sisterly mind. As she watched the child reverently deposit the concoction of violets and net upon the lowboy—had Richard actually picked that out, as the girl averred?—the wild idea took root and began a tentative growth. The clothing, so very stylish and appropriate: wherever had Richard acquired the nous to select such items of a woman’s wardrobe? And there was that gentle kiss of welcome at the front door! Had Richard decided he had grieved long enough over his hopeless, unspoken love for the lovely Lay Elsingham? As Angela brushed her long, lustrous black hair and tidied her slender person in the new gray costume which exactly matched her dovegray eyes, Maggie made a resolve. Richard was too much a man to be wasted upon a doomed dream! The older woman nodded her head decisively and led the girl down to the kitchen. There they found the man waiting with such a look of interest and pleasure on his face as Maggie had not seen for too many years.





Chapter 8



Angela spent the next week in a daze of happiness. Somehow she was not able to insist upon seeking employment in the district, for every time she broached the subject, either Maggie Bennet or Richard had some pressing project for which they needed her immediate help. Maggie disclosed an urgent need to rearrange the storage closets. She and Angela spent a busy, exhausting, but very satisfying day in the pantry, lifting every one of dozens of pots of jam and jelly and pickles from their shelves, washing the shelves, washing and checking the pots, restoring vanished labels, and reshelving the bounteous stores.

Another day the girl was recruited to assist in the churning of butter, although to her knowledge there were two milkmaids and the buxom young wife of one of the herdsmen who assisted in the dairy and kitchen when required. No matter! Angela loved every minute of the bright, cheerful days and the peaceful, flower-scented nights.

One day near the end of the week, when he had returned from the postponed trip to London, Richard confided in the girl that he thought his sister was too housebound, and suggested that Angela coax her to make an expedition to the picturesque ruins of an ancient monastery by a lake.

“We’ll take a basket o’ goodies wi’ us, plenty o’ san’wiches an’ cake, an’ we can boil up billikin for tea when we’re thirsty,” he wheedled with a brazen exaggeration of his usual faint Scottish accent. “Puir Maggie’s lookin’ wan an’ weary. ’Twould be no more than simple Christian charity to get the poor housebound woman out for a bit!” Since this last phrase sounded, in Richard’s deep voice, like “puir hoose-booned wummun oot,” Angela could not help giggling. Richard’s elated grin warned her that he was quite aware of the effect he was having on her, and shamelessly gloried in it. She tried to harden her heart against the Scotsman’s charm, but it was useless. Angela was forced to admit, also, that she owed the Bennets more than she could ever pay. It was no more than just, she convinced herself, to try her hand at persuading Maggie.

“You can begin this very minute,” the big fellow advised her, “for here is Herself as if on cue!”

Maggie regarded the conspirators with an indulgent smile.

“Whatever are ye up to, ye rapscallions? ’Tis plain there’s a muckle more brewin’ than a pot o’ tea!”

Angela, whose life had been singularly free of teasing jokes and easy camaraderie, bloomed in the warmth of this delightful atmosphere. She even ventured a mild jest of her own. “I wonder why it is,” she said with a shy sparkle in her beautiful gray eyes, “that the Bennet family suddenly displays a pronounced Scots burr when it’s up to mischief?”

Her auditors chuckled and exchanged glances.

“Caught in the act,” confessed Richard. “I was coaxing Angela to take a picnic to the ruined abbey with us.”

“An excellent idea!” said Maggie instantly. “Come, child, you may help me pack the basket.”

Angela, sent upstairs to don cooler clothing for the fête champêtre, came down soon after looking as fine as fivepence in a new rose-sprigged muslin Maggie had made her. As she entered the kitchen, she marveled at Maggie’s industry, and began to help her hostess pack up the picnic lunch. As she surveyed the lavish spread, “Are we preparing to feed an army, or to stay at the ruined monastery for several days?” she teased, her pleasure in the al fresco treat very obvious.

Maggie smiled. “Ye must have observed that Richard has a hearty appetite,” she offered, getting out a second, smaller hamper for the liquid refreshments. “He’ll have the gig at the door any minute now. I must bustle up and change my gown!”

Impatient to begin the holiday, Angela carried the huge hamper to the front door. Just as she reached it, she heard a staccato knocking. Carefully setting down her burden upon the broad hall seat, Angela opened the door. Two young ladies, very formally dressed for such an early morning visit, gave back her stare of surprise.

“We have come to call upon Miss Bennet,” said the younger and prettier of the two; then added, smiling roguishly, “and her brother.”

The older girl, handsome rather than beautiful, was subjecting Angela to a hard, assessing scrutiny. She spoke very coldly. “Well, girl, are your wits gone begging? Tell your master he has guests!”

The younger woman frowned as she glanced from Angela's charmingly modish gown to her sister’s scornful face.

“Addie,” she remonstrated, “surely this is not—”

“Not a servant?” snapped Addie. “Well, why is she opening Richard’s door, then?”

Angela might have appeared guileless, but she was neither meek nor stupid. “I am a guest here—” she began with some hauteur, and then interrupted the intended setdown as she remembered the circumstances in which she had been brought to Bennet Farm—more like a lost kitten rescued from drowning than an honored, invited guest.

Addie noted her hesitation. “Yes? You are a guest, you say? Of Miss Bennet’s, or of Daisy Fowler’s? My mother tells us that young Daisy is working here as a maid.”

“Addie!” This time the younger girl was openly shocked at her sister’s unpleasant manner. “We are the Dolbees, ma’am. I am Eunice and this is my sister Adella. Our father is a lawyer in London, and brings us to Crofton village when the Courts are in recess. We have a manor house near Crofton—”

But this was too much easy civility to suit Adella Dolbee. “Is this chit to keep us nattering upon the doorstep forever?” she demanded. “Take us to Richard Bennet, girl, and then you can get on with your work,” and she glanced meaningfully at the hamper on the hall seat.

The situation was saved by the approach of Maggie Bennet. It cannot be said that her face, lighted up with pleasure at sight of the visitors, but she greeted them with a quiet courtesy which had the effect of restraining the sneering arrogance of the elder girl.

“Do come in, Miss Dolbee and Miss Eunice! Have you met our guest Miss Swann, of Swanholme in Averly?” As she spoke, she was leading the visitors into the parlor and indicating seats. “And how are your parents? I trust they are well?”

“Mamma and Pappa are well, ma’am,” answered Addie. “Mamma instructed me to convey her greetings to you, and to urge you to call upon us at Dolbee Manor.”

“Thank Mrs. Dolbee for me,” replied Maggie. Angela noticed with rather unworthy satisfaction that she made no definite commitment.

Miss Eunice was staring unashamedly at Angela. “It will be such fun having you in the neighborhood, Miss Swann!” she bubbled. “I swear it is deadly dull hereabouts—no assemblies, no great Balls, just prosy dinner parties with the youngest guests older than my sister Addie!”

“That will be quite enough, Eunice!” snapped Miss Dolbee. “You are fortunate to be permitted to attend the dinner parties, and you not out of the schoolroom yet!”

“I am to be presented in the Fall!” boasted Eunice. “Have you made your debut yet, Miss Swann?”

From the sneer on Addie’s face it was easy to deduce what she thought the answer to that question must be, but Angela did not rise to the challenge. She contented herself with a quiet, “My mother is just recently dead, and I shall be going on very quietly for some time.”

Beyond conventional murmurs of condolence, there was little which could be said in answer to this, and conversation lagged. The entrance of Richard at this moment brought a revivifying element to the stiffly social atmosphere, as well as to Miss Dolbee’s fine eyes. Angela found herself experiencing a pang of jealousy so severe that it startled her.

In spite of some not-so-subtle hints from her younger sister, Addie refused to take her leave. Since she addressed her whole attention to Richard, the latter, impatient to take his Angela on the picnic, finally said, “Did my sister tell you we are showing our guest the ruined abbey today?”

Eunice spoke up before her sister had a chance to reply to the question. “Oh, a picnic! What fun you will have! We never do anything interesting like that.” She pouted. “It is so dull here in the country that I swear I wish we had never left London!”

For once Addie did not seem to wish to repress her sister, or scold her for hoydenish behavior. Instead she looked at Richard with direct inquiry.

After the merest moment of hesitation, Richard responded courteously. “Would you care to join us then, Addie and Eunice? I am convinced my sister will have packed enough for a dozen. She believes I am a hearty trencherman!”

So it was with the greatest discontent upon the part of at least two of the members of the group, five persons set out for the site of the promised treat. Richard had very firmly handed up the Misses Dolbee into their own smart little gig, and saw them started down the lane, before he turned to assist Maggie and Angela to mount into his carriage.

“Ye’ll note ma wily stratagem,” he chuckled, but his eyes were intent upon the sober countenance of Angela. “Ah didna offer to take us all in one carriage. This way, the ladies from the Manor will no’ be forced to come back to the Farm wi’ us—an’ maybe maneuver an invitation to dinner oot o’ ma softhearted sister!”

The man’s expression lightened as Angela smiled in response to his teasing, and he set the gig rolling merrily along the lane after the aforesaid ladies from the Manor.

Angela was wishing with all her heart that they had been well upon their way before the Dolbees arrived. It was obvious to her that the senior Miss Dolbee had her sights firmly fixed upon one Richard Bennet, Gentleman Farmer, and would have no scruples in fighting to achieve her objective. Could Angela make a contest of it? Did she even wish to? Rather to her own surprise, she discovered that she did very strongly desire to enter such a skirmish—and to win it! Her present emotions: anger, disappointment, jealousy, fierce possessiveness, were so foreign to her usual modes of feeling that she knew, she would have to come to terms with them. She must make a fight for her own happiness.

Richard cast several questioning glances at the girl who sat so quietly beside him. He was regretting that her earlier open delight in the expedition seemed to have disappeared. He cursed himself for the slavish obedience to social custom which had forced him to issue the invitation to the Dolbees, and hoped devoutly that he could manage to get Angela to himself for even a few precious moments sometime during the day.

Maggie, too, was unhappy at the turn of events. What might have been the occasion for a decisive advance in her plans for Richard and Angela had now to be considered a wasted day. Drat the Dolbee girl! Every time she came to Crofton she found many excuses to appear at Bennet Farm, and Maggie’s great dolt of a brother was too blind to see what the minx was about! Maggie fumed silently, considering methods of getting rid of the intruders.

So it was a silent trio which reached the environs of the old abbey half an hour later. The scene was attractive. The massive gray stone blocks of which the building had originally been constructed had been so long abandoned to the depredations of local barn-builders that the remnants no longer defined the shape of the great refectory and the small cells, but lay about in an interesting disarray, while green turf and small flowering bushes made a charming maze out of the old ruins.

Posing picturesquely upon the most prominent of the many blocks, the Dolbee sisters presented a pretty, if somewhat artificial tableau. Angela thought them quite too beautiful, and hated them in smiling silence. Maggie Bennet, less directly concerned, decided to become more actively involved.

“Very picturesque,” she said briskly, deflating Addie’s pretensions of artlessness. “Now if you will help me to set out the collation, girls, we shall allow Richard to deal with the horses.”

Since it was now observed that Addie, in her haste to set the scene romantically, had neglected to make any provision for her horses’ comfort or security, Richard was soon occupied in settling both teams in the shade. With a rather poor grace, the elder Miss Dolbee descended from her perch and strolled over to the spot Maggie had chosen, beneath a spreading oak tree, to set out the repast. The younger Dolbee was happy enough to assist Angela and her bright chatter kept the occasion from degenerating into gloomy silence.

After the meal, whose tempting excellence considerably lightened everyone’s mood, Richard rose, stretched lazily, and grinning at Angela, said hopefully “While the other ladies rest, perhaps Miss Swann would permit me to redeem my promise to show her around the ruins?”

He found that in Miss Addie he was dealing with a seasoned campaigner. “Oh, yes, let us permit Richard to give us the Grand Tour, Miss Swain. I can assure you he most competent, and knows all the most delightful secret nooks!” She moved over to place her hand upon Richard’s sleeve, and cast him a very languishing look.

Ignoring the insult implicit in her rival’s “Miss Swain,” Angela digested the implications present in “delightful secret nooks.” What visions that conjured up! Torn between chagrin and jealousy, Angela was about to refuse to accompany them when a sharp jab in her back from Maggie warned her not to be missish. Gasping, she got to her feet and walked to Richard’s other side, encouraged by the warmth of his welcoming smile.

Richard might have been a gentleman, but he was no slow-top. Instead of offering his arm to Angela, he took her hand firmly in his big one and then tucked her forearm against his side. Together the reluctant threesome strolled about among the stone blocks and shrubbery for quite half an hour before Addie conceded defeat and strode back to the oak tree beneath which Maggie sat, guarding the hampers and the sleeping Miss Eunice. Everyone was willing to concede that the picnic was over. Richard spent the next few minutes reharnessing both teams and handing the Dolbee ladies into their gig. With many falsely bright expressions of gratitude and pleasure, Miss Addie drove off, with Eunice perched apprehensively beside her.

“Phew!” sighed Richard, wiping his brow with elaborate care. “In future, Maggie, if you see me about to do the pretty to any of our neighbors, will ye kindly put a dishclout in ma mouth?”

Angela and Maggie had to chuckle at his lugubrious expression, and Maggie remarked that she would be more than pleased to accommodate him. So the party rode back to Bennet Farm, and although all three regretted the Dolbee invasion, Maggie was able to announce that she was much restored by her brief holiday from domesticity.

A few days later, sitting companionably beside her hostess as they mended table linen, Angela ventured upon her first personal question.

“Have you and Richard lived at Bennet Farm a long time?”

“Not as such things are reckoned here,” Maggie answered, nipping off a thread with her teeth. “The place was given to my father when we came down from the Scottish estates to serve the old Lord Elsingham. I was a young girl, nurse to the Laird’s little son, him that’s the present Laird. My parents farmed this land, and when they died it became Richard’s and mine. And a fine thing he has made of it—the best holding in the district!” she added with simple pride.

It had to be said. Angela asked shyly, “Does Richard have—is your brother—is he planning to be married soon?”

Maggie shot a quick glance at the girl’s rosy, down-bent face and then became very busy threading a needle. “Not just at the moment, he is not, although there are signs . . . yes, I’d say definite signs.” She thought of the violet-covered hat and the ghost of a smile quirked on her lips.

“What is the—the lady’s name?” pursued Angela doggedly. Better far to know the worst at once, and school her foolish heart. When Maggie didn’t speak, Angela asked, “Has Richard’s lady come to visit while I have been here?”

There had been a few callers, but Angela did not think any of the female ones the right age or sufficiently attractive to deserve so noble, so fascinating, so loveable a man as Richard Bennet. Something of this showed in her open countenance, for Maggie took a long look at the expressive little face and nodded with satisfaction.

“I see I can confide in you,” she began with an air at once friendly and furtive. “My brother, I must admit, is a very romantic man. Under that dour Scots phlegm dwells a soul of fire and derring-do, a heart—” abandoning abruptly her flight of oratory, Maggie concluded with a conspiratorial smile, “—a heart as soft as a pudding! Angela, my dear, you are a woman. You must have seen through Richard’s male reserve to the warmhearted boy who lives inside?”

“He has been everything that is gentle, good and kind to me,” agreed Angela devoutly.

“He once loved a very beautiful woman who, though she accepted his help in a dangerous matter, and truly valued him, was already pledged to another man. Richard served this lady well, and believed himself to be totally committed to her, even though he well knew the lady loved her husband, and that he himself could neither expect nor receive anything but her gratitude.”

The girl’s eyes were wide with pity and wonder. That this charming, cheerful, handsome giant should be hiding a broken heart! Angela longed to be the one to bring comfort to him, to enrich his life as he had enriched hers!

“Who was this lady?” she whispered, all her feelings clearly revealed in her expression.

“It was Milady Nadine Elsingham, she who is now wishful to be called Kathryn. They are not always in residence at the Manor, but when they are, they always invite Richard and me to dine, to celebrate old loyalties.”

“I should think a man as proud as Richard would rather stay away,” said Angela shortly and, if truth be told, jealously. What kind of a woman was this who kept reminding a brave man of his bootless love? “Does she know?”

Correctly interpreting this rather obscurely worded question, Maggie said gently, “She knows that Richard believed himself to be in love with her. She also knows that never, by word or deed, would he refer to it. He is a proud man, Angela, as well as a worthy one.”

Angela was not appeased. Anyone who, having seen Richard Bennet, could settle for a lesser man, was foolish beyond permission and thus unworthy of consideration. But there was a question which still had to be asked. It was the most difficult one of all. The girl drew a deep breath.

“Does he—does Richard still—” She could not say it.

Maggie Bennet took three more stitches. Her face revealed nothing of the thoughts which bubbled in her shrewd, elderly mind. Then she said quietly, “I do not think Richard is still as passionately devoted to Milady as once he was. After all, it has been five years! But if one dared to ask him about it, which I could not, I think he might say, quite honestly, that the old spell still endured. Men are creatures of habit, my dear, and once having taken an attitude, find it hard to change.” She sighed. “It is more than a pity, it is a crying shame that so fine a man should not enjoy the love and comfort of a wife and family in his middle age.”

Angela rose to a rebuttal as fiercely as Maggie had hoped. “ ‘Middle age’?” she challenged. “Richard Bennet is as young and strong and—and attractive as any man I have ever seen! He is—he is—” the girl was suddenly aware of what she was revealing, and subsided in red-cheeked embarrassment. After a long moment during which neither woman spoke, Angela said quietly, “Miss Bennet, can you forgive me for that unseemly outburst? And please not tell your brother what I said?”

Maggie, well content with events so far, was quite willing to give her assurances.

“Let us go into the kitchen now and bake Richard a nut-and-raisin cake with spices. It is his favorite sweet.”

But Angela was still digesting the unpalatable news she had been given. “I think, perhaps, dear Miss Bennet, that I should be seeking for steady employment. It has been truly wonderful to be your guest and Richard’s—” her soft voice stumbled over the name—“but you know I was running away from any security I ever had when I left Swanholme. I must have work and wages to keep my pride intact.”

Maggie considered this, frowning. Had she wrought worse than she hoped in explaining Richard’s lost love to this girl? Had it been a piece of pernicious meddling? Old fool that she was, she had wanted the girl to fight for her love, not run away! And now there was the business of finding employment rearing its head again. Maggie “set her mouth stubborn,” as her mother had been wont to say.

“Angela, there is something which I have been reluctant to tell you.” She paused significantly.

The girl rose to the bait like any salmon. She clasped her slender hands, her eyes wide and fearful. “Oh, what is it, Miss Bennet?”

“I am not at all well,” began Maggie mendaciously. “It has been suggested that I slacken off—” May I be forgiven! thought the older woman, who had never needed nor desired to slacken off in all her active, healthy life, “—but I am reluctant to leave Richard with all the trouble and drudgery of house management, for he has the farm business to superintend, and—” she paused, apparently overcome by the mere thought of Richard’s inevitable problems, but actually because her imagination had failed to supply any further details of this barefaced deceit. And I only hope the child won’t run straight to Richard with offers to help, and expose the whole plot! thought Maggie grimly.

To avoid such a disaster, the old woman went on, “Dear Angela, we must neither of us speak of anything which we have discussed this afternoon! Richard would at once insist that he should handle both farm and house, and would throw himself quickly into resolving all our problems—mine and yours. You see,” she added truthfully, “he has been told nothing of my difficulties, nor do I wish him to hear what I have shared with you.”

Angela quite saw that it would be impossible to prevent Richard from taking over completely at even a hint of his beloved sister’s illness. Then a truly wonderful idea came to the girl, one which accorded so completely with her own desires as to be almost magically right. “Dear Miss Bennet—dear Maggie—you must permit me to remain and be your housekeeper, maidservant, cook, whatever is needed! Oh, can you not see how truly meant it was that I should have been brought to you just at this time? That I have had a week to watch your ways and familiarize myself with your home? Please say that I may stay here to serve you for as long as you need me!”

Maggie had a guilty feeling that she had played a trick on both the girl and Richard, but since it was in such a worthy cause, and for their own eventual happiness, she prudently resolved to feel no remorse for her manipulations. Sighing as one relieved of an intolerable burden, she gave Angela a loving smile and took her outstretched hand.

“Dear child,” she said, “you can have no idea how your wonderful generosity touches my heart!” Then, before anything could happen to spoil the plan, or cause the girl to change her mind, Maggie said quickly, “Of course I accept your offer! But the circumstances must remain our secret—promise me! I shall just tell Richard I have persuaded you to stay and help me with my housekeeping. The dear man will be delighted. He likes you.”

Hoping against the odds that it might be so, Angela went cheerfully out to the kitchen to steep a fresh pot of tea for her new employer. To Maggie’s surprise, she did everything exactly as Miss Bennet herself was wont to do, and the excellent brew which resulted could in no way be told apart from Miss Bennet’s own concoction. It seemed to the older woman that Heaven had smiled upon her benevolent deception.





Chapter 9



At dinner that evening Richard received the news of the hiring of Angela as housekeeper a little quizzically. He kept glancing from one to the other of the ladies as though trying to understand something which should not have needed puzzling out. He did not make any comment except to express approval of the new relationship. Both ladies were pleased with their skill in deception. So pleased was Angela that she did not think to be nervous when Richard invited her to stroll around the Home Farm after dinner.

She joined him happily, appreciating the time spent in his company, and sharing his pleasure in the well-run enterprise. The man led her to a little rise beyond the main buildings, and halted with her under the shade of an ancient tree. Wordlessly he pointed to the broad, fair expanse before them, falling away in patchwork shapes of green in many different shades, each field neatly bordered by the darker green of hedges. In the sunset, the rolling countryside took on a glow of golden peace. Angela caught a breath of delight.

“I have never seen anything more lovely!” she said softly.

The man’s eyes were fixed upon her face. “Nor have I,” he said, huskily.

Angela's startled gaze met his intent one.

“Why did you decide to stay?” he demanded. “Is it because of—me?” He cupped his big hands around her shoulders firmly.

“Please . . . you must not ask me,” the girl faltered. They were so close that she could feel the warmth of his body.

“Why must I not?” Richard demanded. “Is it too soon?”

“Oh, yes! Too soon!” echoed Angela, her wits gone begging.

Richard scanned her rosy face and trembling body with considerable discontent. He tightened his grip on her shoulders. “I have never felt the need to learn the rules of dalliance, and you obviously are too young and innocent to know the proper procedures,” he said in a voice of dissatisfaction. “It is clearly a case of the blind leading the blind.”

Angela, prey at once to rapture and alarm, could only nod wordlessly, her great eyes fixed with painful intensity upon the beloved face.

“I believe I had better kiss you,” decided Richard. “I am very sure such a gesture would be perfectly comme il faut—given our situation and the natural beauty which surrounds us.”

“Quite comme il faut,” agreed Angela in a strangled voice.

Suddenly Richard favored her with his devastating smile. “I am a great fool—and you, my dear, are a small one,” he chuckled. “Come here! I wish to kiss you—and be damned to propriety, etiquette, and Mrs. Grundy!” At which point Richard bent his head and kissed Angela.

It was a long, hard, hot kiss. Perhaps it lacked subtlety and skill; certainly it lacked elegance, but to Angela it was the most thrilling experience of her whole eighteen years. It was a completely satisfying method of communication between two persons, she decided—if they were the right two persons. The girl could not understand why Richard had not so communicated with her before. Time spent in other, lesser, activities seemed to her to constitute a singular waste of opportunity. She gave herself up to communicating with all the enthusiasm of her heart. Since she forgot, in the exigency of the moment, to take a breath, she was gasping and dizzy when Richard finally released her mouth. She staggered a little within his loosened grasp.

Richard was also experiencing an unaccustomed vertigo. He felt the ground move a little beneath his well-shod feet, and even reeled before he got his balance. He drew a wondering breath. “I had not understood that kissing had that effect,” he murmured. “I seem to be intoxicated!” He stared down into the flowerlike, dazed countenance of his companion. “I had better get us both home while we can still navigate.”

“That would be comme il faut,” agreed the girl in a voice of wonder.

The trip back to the Farm was accomplished in silence.

Disaster struck the following day.





Early in the morning, before either Maggie or Angela had come down to the kitchen, Richard was up and away to the nearest small market town to arrange for shipments of his special crop of berries, just coming into maturity. The ladies partook of a leisurely breakfast prepared by young Daisy Fowler, a bright and capable farmgirl Maggie was training as a cook. Immediately after the meal, Maggie announced that she would instruct Daisy, and Angela too, if she wished, in the arcane Scottish art of making haggis.

Daisy was highly amused at this bit of national self-deception. When challenged as to the reason for her mirth, the girl giggled, “It’s true ye’re known throughout the district as a prime cook, Mistress Bennet, for all ye’re a foreigner, but ’aggis is an English dish! My granny taught me that dish years ago, and said she had it from her gran!”

“Then you’d better demonstrate your skill—or your grandmother’s—immediately,” snapped Maggie, but there was a twinkle in her eye. “Here’s the lungs, heart and liver of a calf; there’s a fine oatmeal and spices and suet; and a stout board to chop ’em all on. Make us your English ’aggis!”

Daisy got smartly to work, deputing minor tasks to the other two women with fine authority. The three were soon happily absorbed in their work, and quite unaware of the heavy traveling coach which came along the lane and drew up in front of the farmhouse door. A heavy set man alighted and, marching up to the front door, began to beat a thunderous fusillade upon the knocker.

Frowning, Maggie started for the front hall.

“Let me go,” Angela offered. She had been sifting spices, and her hands were dry and clean. “If it’s nothing important, I can save you a trip.”

As Maggie looked at her suety hands, there was a renewed battering. “Nothing important?” she quoted the girl. “That racket sounds like the crack of doom!”

Prophetic words.

Angela opened the door crossly, prepared to repel some bumptious traveler. Gilles Loring grinned down at her in triumph. Before she could recover from the shock of seeing him, he had stepped inside the door and seized her wrist in his heavy hand.

“You’ve led me quite a chase, my dear,” he said, twisting her wrist just enough to remind her of earlier pain. “If you come with me now, very quietly, and cause me the minimum of trouble, I may not beat you very hard.”

Angela stared at him, frightened out of speech or coherent thought.

Into the ensuing silence Maggie’s voice came clearly. “What is it, Angela? Do you need me?”

“Do you, my dear?” asked Gilles, twisting a little harder.

“It is—it is my stepfather,” Angela's voice came out of her mouth in a kind of croak. Her anguished gaze slid up to Gilles’s face, and caught an expression of satisfaction upon it. Evidently it did not occur to him that his victim might have confided in the woman to whom she was now speaking. Angela had never discussed with any of the servants or her mother’s friends the punishment she had had to endure at Gilles’s hands; it would have been an agonizing embarrassment for the girl to confess her terror and revulsion, and he knew it. He smiled down at her.

Then Maggie Bennet was in the hallway with them, her small elderly body as stiff and poised for aggressive action as a mother cat’s. Angela was afraid lest her new employer, openly defying Loring, might bring upon herself the kind of reprisal he was only too eager to make to women defenseless and alone in the house. But Maggie surprised both Angela and Gilles Loring.

“Oh, is this your stepfather, then? Welcome, Squire Loring! Angela has told us of your wonderful care of her father’s estate! Come in and let us offer you a drink. It must be dusty work on the roads!” Her manner displayed a fawning servility which had Angela’s eyes wide with shock. Gilles, having never met his hostess, could not be aware of the falsity of her manner, but there was no doubt he was reassured by it.

“And you,” he said with his pompously jovial address, “Must be the good woman who has sheltered my poor disturbed daughter.”

“I am sure it was grief for her dear mamma which caused her to run away from her childhood home, sir,” said Maggie, very mealy-mouthed. “It is often thus with young girls at a time of stress.”

“Whatever her reasons, she has put me to a great deal of trouble,” answered Gilles, turning upon Angela a look which promised that he would even the score. “I have come to take her back to her home. I hope she will not seek to cause any more difficulties for me, or for you, ma’am, who has been—kind enough to shelter the runaway!”

There was open threat in that remark, and Angela lost color. Gilles knew her well enough to be sure she would not wish to cause trouble for any woman who had been good to her.

Maggie smoothed over the threatening moment. “Well, sir, it is just on dinnertime, for we keep country hours at Bennet Farm. You must stay and break your fast with us, for I’ll be bound it is long enough since you ate, and that, most like, a rough tavern meal, quite unfit for the Squire of Swanholme!”

Torn between annoyance at the thought of delay and complacence at the flattering welcome of the plump little woman, Gilles Loring allowed himself to be persuaded to play off his dust with a glass of Richard Bennet’s finest brandy while he awaited the promised meal.

“It will give Angela time to pack her belongings, and you an opportunity to refresh yourself. Angela, take your stepfather up to the guest room and be sure it is well provided with fresh water and towels.”

She soon had all of them moving to her directions, even the formidable Mr. Loring. Although he was by nature a suspicious man, Gilles could see no way in which one old woman, a kitchenmaid, and his stepdaughter could harm him or prevent him and the two stout fellows he had on the box of his carriage from doing or taking whatever they wished. He had learned from the ostler at the George and Horse Inn at Crofton that Mr. Richard Bennet was away to Pilbury to hawk his fine berries at that small market town. It was unlikely he would return before dusk, for there was a fair there, and the liquor would be flowing. So the coast was clear. He’d eat the old woman’s food and watch Angela and let her worry about what he had in store for her.

His suspicions were further lulled by the fact that the old biddy had made no effort to keep the girl away from him; had, in fact, sent her to show him to the guest room. He followed her slender form as she silently led the way up a wide, well-polished staircase to a roomy and surprisingly elegant second story. Gilles noted the well-kept floors, the neat carpets, the painted walls and doors, and then the nicely furnished room to which he was led.

“Your room, my dear?” he smiled insinuatingly.

Angela's expression was blank. “I am the housekeeper,” she avoided his question.

He closed the door, caught her wrist, and drew her to him. “You had a good run, little vixen, but I’ve got you safe now.”

“The wash basin, ewer and soap are there on the commode,” Angela pointed to a neat walnut stand. “Towels on the rack.”

Gilles was angry at her cool composure. He twisted her arm until she whimpered deep in her throat.

“I warn you I shall put up with no more of your whims and defiant starts. It was bad enough coping with your mother’s megrims. You, my girl, will henceforth do exactly as I bid you, or, by God, you will rue it!”

Angela nodded, white-faced. He held her with his glare for several moments, testing her subservience. Then he strode over to the commode.

“You may wait here while I wash,” he jibed, and laughed as Angela scuttled out the door and closed it softly after her.

The girl was thinking in a kind of frenzy of fear and hatred. She knew she should be logical, calm, sensible, or she would never be able to escape the fate which seemed at this minute to be inevitable. She thought wildly of casting herself down the stairwell, but could not overcome the fear that she would only receive major injuries rather than the escape of death. To be crippled and at Gilles’s mercy was too hideous an image to be endured! It seemed to Angela that if she wished to run away, now was the best time. Yet could she accomplish an escape? Gilles had most likely stationed his men in sight of both front and back entrances to the farmhouse, and she would be caught before she could leave the farm.

Why had Maggie Bennet acted as she did? Maggie was firmly loyal to those she counted friends. She knew Angela's story, and had been quick in offering sympathy and help to the girl. Then it must be a ploy of some nature, a plan for outwitting Loring, this effusive hospitality! What could the plan be? The insistence upon the meal suggested that Maggie might have some idea of serving the unwelcome visitor with a sleeping potion, to enable Angela to slip away. But Gilles’s menservants? Well, they could be given a glass of ale as easily as their master!

Her musings were interrupted by the appearance of Gilles Loring in the hallway. “You may escort me downstairs now,” he smiled. With a sinking of heart, Angela did so.

They were just finishing a leisurely nuncheon, enlivened by a bottle of Richard Bennet’s best brandy, when there was the sound of a scuffle in the kitchen, the door of the dining room opened, and Richard Bennet himself strolled in, breathing a little heavily but very serene of manner. His first glance was toward Angela. The joyful shock on her face assured him that everything Daisy had gasped out when she found him at Pilbury market was true.

Sent off by Maggie to fetch her master home, the maid had ridden hell-for-leather, and found Mr. Bennet exactly where Maggie had said he would be. Richard had set out at once for the farm, breaking all local records for the distance. On arrival, he had encountered Gilles’s servants, one at the barn, easily overcome by a single blow. The other, gorging himself in the kitchen had put up a slightly better show, but the final result was never, in question.

And now Richard, who had prepared his strategy on the road, strode forward and offered his hand to the gaping Loring. The latter, in the act of rising to confront the newcomer, was put off balance by Richard’s gesture of welcome, and found himself eased back into his seat by a grip which startled and dismayed him.

Next Richard kissed his sister’s cheek and announced in a cheerful voice, “I made such an excellent compact with the stall-keepers at Pilbury that I hurried back to start the men picking and crating the baskets of berries. But enough of business. I doubt that Squire Loring will find it of interest. How did you find us, by the way?”

Gilles, anticipating no opposition from this simple farmer, explained that his nephew, heartbroken at the sudden defection of his bride-to-be, had taken stage for London. When his coach stopped for a change of horses at the Pride of Exeter, he had been shocked to behold his erstwhile fiancée the center of a common brawl in the courtyard, with accusations of theft being freely bandied about, and the Law invoked.

“So of course,” said Richard smoothly, “he at once leaped down to the defense of his bride-to-be?”

Gilles was as disconcerted as though a playful puppy had sprung at his throat. He took another, more carefully assessing, look at the bucolic simpleton before he said, angrily, “The coach was drawing out of the yard as he recognized his intended in the disgraceful apparel of the accused female. He had to wait until the next coach stop before he could get out and board another which returned him to me at Swanholme.”

Richard interrupted the tirade, but with so mild a tone and visage that Gilles was momentarily disarmed. “Swanholme? That’s Angela's family estate, is it not? Shall you wish to be married from there, my love?”

This question served to silence every person in the room. Gilles’s mouth fell open, and for a frozen moment he was not able to think beyond the devastating implications of the question which had been tossed so lightly into the conversation. Maggie’s eyes opened wide, and her eyebrows rose to the neat white fringe of hair on her forehead. The girl stared at Richard, and up from her slender throat swept a tide of clear color which gave her delicate features a rare beauty. Then an irresistible smile parted the soft lips, and her gray eyes sparkled like jewels. From somewhere—her love of the speaker, her fear of Gilles—she was able to draw the courage and quickness of wit needed to back Richard’s play.

“But of course, dear Richard,” she said demurely, tempering her delighted smile to a maidenly simper, “It is my own father’s beloved home. And I know Mr. Loring would wish it so, as well, for he is widely respected in the county, and is known as a thoughtful and generous stepfather. He has guarded and enriched my estate by his careful husbandry. It will be his triumph to demonstrate to your noble sponsor what wonders he has wrought with my father’s diminished holding.”

As she completed this fulsome speech, made to give Richard some ideas, and time to plot his next step, Angela wondered if in fact she might have been a little too fulsome to a man who knew the dread and horror with which she regarded him. Still, Gilles Loring was guided, in public at least, by what his neighbors expected of him, and would surely put on a show if forced into it.

She sadly underrated her stepfather. His face red with anger, he turned upon the girl. “What bloody nonsense is this? You are engaged to Vivian Nellis, girl—and lucky that he finds himself willing to keep the contract after your infamous behavior!” He glared at Maggie and Richard. “Do you know that this—this hoyden flaunted herself at a public inn wearing a garment which outraged common decency? That she was accused of stealing some nobleman’s jewels? I should commit her to a nunnery!”

“But how sad to lose her estate to the church,” suggested Richard calmly. “I feel sure wiser counsel will prevail.”

“So you know about that, do you?” snarled Gilles. “Why, you cheap fortune hunger, I’ll—”

Richard again interrupted his guest. “Hardly a fortune hunter, Mr. Loring. You may ask our local magistrate, Lord Elsingham, as to my position in the county, and my credit. I own this farm, which has a considerable value, several other pieces of property, and a small house in Edinburgh. Lord Elsingham will be pleased to vouch for me, if it comes to a question of my net worth.”

Angela dared to offer another comment. “But that is much more than Vivian has, is it not, Mr. Loring?”

“I’ll permit no damned Scots rebel to marry into my family,” blustered Gilles.

“Rebels is exactly what we were not,” Richard advised him. “My father was a friend of the old Lord Elsingham, and came out for the English in the late disturbance. For which reason my family emigrated to England.”

“She’s promised to my nephew—” shouted Gilles.

Angela interrupted. “Did you not tell us that Vivian was so unhappy with my behavior that he returned to Swanholme to tattle rather than setting out at once to rescue me from the persecutions I was forced to undergo? It is no thanks to him that I am not dead or—or ravished! Had it not been for Mr. Bennet’s chivalry and goodwill, I might have been forever lost!” Overcome by her emotions, Angela burst into tears.

While this public display of female instability disconcerted Loring, Richard, that pawky Scot, took it in stride. Rising at once, he went to his supposed fiancée and put a supportive arm around her. Under the guise of murmuring soothing words, he whispered, “Doing it a bit too brown, dear!” and hugged her gently. Then aloud he said, “Maggie, will you take dear Angela to her room and sit with her until the tone of her mind had been restored? I believe that only a woman can offer the proper consolation and attentions at such a time. You will know what soothing potions are needed to calm her very natural perturbation of spirit.”

His hearers gazed at the huge Scot as he wove his careful wall of protection between the girl and her stepfather. Maggie was struck with awe and wonder at this masterful performance. She hastened to do his bidding, carefully ushering a still-weeping Angela out of the dining room and up the stairs.

Richard, who had stood while the ladies left the room, walked over to the sideboard and poured two large glasses full of Scotch whiskey for his guest and himself.

Loring accepted the liquor and drained the glass. His narrowed gaze attested to the fact that he understood that a man like Richard Bennet, with his wide, fertile acres, his houses, his hard blue eyes, and above all with his claim of close friendship with a well-known peer, was a tougher customer than Gilles had been used to dealing with this last five years. No bucolic gape-seed, he; nor impecunious parson nor fat country squire fuddled with drink, who could be choused or flattered into doing whatever Loring wanted. This Bennet was an awkward customer indeed, and to fend him off from seizing the whole estate would require some pretty fancy footwork. In short, this was disaster for Gilles Loring, unless he could figure a way to come about quickly. In an open duel, with its attendant publicity, certain facts about Loring’s past might be revealed which could ruin him completely.

So Gilles put on his bluff, hearty mask and said, with the false bonhomie which had fooled so many of his Averly neighbors, “Well, Mr. Bennet, I can see you are a serious suitor for my stepdaughter, not some lecherous nobleman or encroaching country bumpkin. We shall have to consider you seriously. Why do you not return with us to Swanholme, and let us get closer acquainted with you? Then, when we are sure Angela knows her own mind, and I am satisfied with the settlements, we can announce the banns . . .” and he gave his imitation of a smile. Once I get her home, I’ll fix it.

Richard’s more than matched it in width and falsity.

“That’s unco’ gude an’ generous o’ ye, Mr. Loring,” Richard said, of a sudden very Scottish, “but Ah’m afeared there’ll be no be time for you an’ me to get better acquainted. You see Angela and I are gettin’ married in three days’ time. By special license.” (And the Lord forgive me for the lies I’ve told this day, but all in good cause, he thought.)

“Three days!” Loring, put off balance by his host’s sudden lapse into the vernacular, was quite astounded at the news. Rage began to build in him—at Angela, at his stupid, undependable nephew, at Fate, but most of all at this frustrating, round-eyed Scot with his unbelievable presumption and his massive, powerful body. Not one to be lightly intimidated, this Richard Bennet.

Perhaps Gilles Loring had lorded it too long over frail, cowed females, servants well paid to do his bidding, and beef-witted country squires who admired his hard laughter and drive. He could not accept that he had been outfaced by a slip of a girl whom he had expected to torment and enjoy at his leisure, and by her canny schemer of a Scottish farmer. He sprang to his feet and advanced upon the interloper.

Angela had been confident of Richard’s ability to deal with even so formidable an antagonist as her wicked stepfather. Her faith was justified during the next few minutes, when her champion provided a classic example of cross and jostle which would have brought cheers at Cribb’s or Gentleman Jackson’s. In fact, Gilles, a pretty good rough-and-tumble man in his youth, was himself taken completely by surprise. Before he could get in a single effective blow he found himself supine, his dazed vision helplessly fixed upon the stout black beams of the dining room ceiling. Hauled none too gently to his feet by an iron grip upon the nape of his neck, he was obliged to accept this rude persuasion to move out of the dining room and into the hall. There, still dazed, he felt his hat placed firmly upon his head and his person, propelled ruthlessly through the front door and out to his own carriage, which by some miracle appeared before the doorway. Upon the box sat his coachman and groom, both looking the worse for wear. With a single mighty heave, which impressed Gilles even in his dreamily detached state, Richard Bennet thrust him into the coach and closed the door firmly after him.

“You may drive your master back to Swanholme,” Richard said quietly. “When he is ready to listen, inform him that my wife and I shall call upon him there after our honeymoon.”

“I wager neither of us’ll be around, come that day,” muttered the groom to his fellow as the coach lurched down the lane. “He’ll want to get rid of any who saw him lookin’ like that,” and he cocked his thumb back toward the body of the coach.

“Sick as a horse, ’e was,” agreed his mate, gloomily.

“Did ye twig that farmer?” asked the groom. “Not a hair out o’ place, not even breathin’ heavy, an’ his nibs knocked into the middle o’ next week!”

“I ain’t seen nothin’ an’ I ain’t sayin’ nothin’,” announced the coachman glumly. He had learned in a hard school how to survive in Gilles Loring’s household.





Chapter 10



Richard Bennet came back into the kitchen to find three women waiting for him with varying degrees of anxiety. He was looking very well pleased with himself, and Maggie grinned in sympathy.

“I wish I had been here to see it!” she said wistfully.

Richard rubbed his knuckles with a deprecatory smile. “I am at heart a man of peace,” he began piously, and then broke into a chuckle. “The puir auld limmer didn’t know what hit him! Ah did enjoy mahsel’!”

“Richard Bennet, if you don’t stop being Scottish this instant and explain what is happening, I’ll—I’ll . . .” gasped Angela.

Richard was riding high. “What will ye do, my bonnie wee love?” he teased her, his eyes bright with laughter.

“Oh, Richard!” the girl said, smiling up at him against her will. “You know we aren’t going to be married, and he’s sure to come back and take me away, as soon as he can gather reinforcements.”

“It’ll have to be an army of lawyers, then, for I’ve quite decided I shall marry you as soon as I can get that special license,” promised the big man, his eyes twinkling.

Angela could not believe her ears. Not only had he announced their approaching nuptials to her stepfather, but now he was going on as though they were real—and no Gilles Loring present to be impressed! A strong wave of hope and happiness surged up in her breast, and she looked to see what Maggie Bennet’s response would be to this outrageous proposal.

No help there. Maggie seemed as foolish as her brother, beaming fondly on the two of them as though they were beloved children rather than a strange girl she’d scarcely had time to know, and a brother old enough to know better.

Angela felt compelled to voice a protest. “Richard, you can’t! Your future happiness . . . your freedom . . .” babbled the girl.

Richard surveyed her with amused blue eyes. “Ye can see the puir girl’s quite carried away with wonder and delight,” he told his sister. He straightened his broad shoulders. “Now I must take reluctant leave of you, ladies. I have to talk to the Reverend Percy about that special license. I’ve no doubt the good man will have useful advice for me—if I can get his nose out of whatever book he is currently reading!”

“He’ll advise you against mocking the sacrament of marriage,” said Angela, in a temper, “if indeed you actually do mean to speak to him.” It hurt her to hear the big Scotsman making light of so serious a matter. For he surely did not actually intend going through with this marriage? He hadn’t ever asked her! It was all a put-on to discourage Gilles, and she thanked him for it—but, oh! if it had only been true!

Richard was smiling into her perturbed countenance with heart-catching charm. He was so much the enigmatic, pawky Scot that the girl clenched her fists.

“Compleenin’ already, ma bonnie dear?” he teased. “Och, ’tis plain to see I’ll be sadly henpecked, Heaven help me, what wi’ a managin’ sister an’ a domineerin’ wife in the hoose!” Mimicking great fear, Richard closed the door softly behind his broad back.

“Richard!” wailed Angela. She turned to Maggie. “Miss Bennet, this is madness! Your brother hardly knows me. We met for the first time less than a week ago, under questionable circumstances.” Tears formed and spilled from her eyelids. “I know what he is trying to do. He is a kind man. But marriage! How can he make a jest of that?”

“Who says Richard is jesting?” asked Maggie.

Angela stared at the plump little woman through her tears. “But of course it is a jest,” she began, uncertainly. “You yourself said—you told me about Lady Elsingham—his ill-fated love for that lady . . .”

“Ill-fated fiddlesticks!” snapped the older woman. “It’s past time my brother put aside childish things. He’s thirty-one and getting no younger. Too old, for sure, to be nursing romantic notions about blighted affections! What Richard needs is a warm, loving woman to bring him joy of heart and peace of mind—and what the Reverend Percy calls a quiver-full of children!” She nodded fiercely, her bright blue eyes so like her brother’s that Angela felt a thrill of recognition and love.

The girl could hardly accept that her hostess was actually endorsing Richard’s fantastical behavior. Objections to the madcap scheme thronged to her mind, to her lips, but there, strangely, they seemed to dissipate. All that came out was a shamefully weak, whispered, “Do you think he—minds very much? I know he is a great-hearted gentleman, but this involves his whole life! Marriage to a comparative stranger, and one he cannot—cannot—”

“Cannot love?” Maggie expressed the inexpressible. “Why not?”

Angela gabbled incoherencies.

“Hush, child,” soothed the older woman, patting her shoulder gently. “I’ve no doubt it’s all been too much for you to grasp, so bedeviled by that wicked stepfather as you have been! Come away now and we’ll have a nice cup of tea and talk about the wedding.”

The rest of the day went by, for Angela at least, in a blur of planning, making lists, finding simple answers for preposterous questions. After Richard returned from the vicarage, however, things seemed to settle themselves with remarkable ease, and the girl’s sense of unreality was gradually replaced with incredulous hope. As she prepared for bed that night in her pretty little room, Angela drew a shuddering breath of excitement. It wasn’t a dream! Nothing in her short, unhappy life had prepared her for the incredible events of this day. The sinister Gilles Loring routed! A special license to be applied for! A new, happy home with Richard and the motherly Maggie. . . .

The benison of Richard’s announcement of their marriage had her so flustered that she was in bed trying to get to sleep before it struck her that he had never actually proposed, but had seemed to take it for granted that what he decided upon was the only possible course of action. In such case, unasked, could she have been said to have agreed to the marriage? Did it not require the free consent of both parties? Then with a shiver she recalled Gilles’s cold determination to wed her to Vivian, willy-nilly. There had scarcely been the consent of one party, freely given, in that arrangement. Vivian had needed to be coerced, even bought; Angela had not been offered a choice.

In which case, she concluded happily, Richard’s one-sided decision was quite suitable, and in three days might be legal. Reassured, the girl cuddled down into the goose-feather mattress and drifted off into dreamless sleep.





Chapter 11



The following morning, before Angela had awakened, a message was sent to Elsingham Manor requesting permission for Mr. Richard Bennet to wait upon its master. Instead of the expected assent, Milord and his Lady themselves arrived at Bennet Farm about eleven. They came in an elegant curricle, with Lord Elsingham handling the reins and a small tiger perched behind. When Angela was told by Daisy of this stirring arrival, she made haste to slip up to her bedroom and don her only presentable dress, the becoming redingote which Richard had purchased for her in Exeter. Regretfully she denied herself the support of the small violet-covered hat—very much the thing for a morning call in London, but quite ineligible to receive guests at a country farm. Fortified by the redingote and Richard’s kindness in buying it, the girl descended into Maggie Bennet’s parlor to meet the only woman Richard had ever loved.

After a single glance, she understood his enthrallment. Kathryn Elsingham was the most beautiful woman Angela had ever set eyes upon. First to catch one’s attention was the glorious mane of auburn hair, which, dressed simply, was an irresistible invitation to the touch. Then lovely green eyes, by turns as brightly flashing as emeralds and as seductive as a tropic sea. A man could drown in them, Angela thought despairingly. How can he think of any other woman, groaned Angela, receiving the warmth of Kathryn’s genuine interest in her fellowmen. The girl gave up the battle she had never really hoped to win. Milady was a nonpareil, as kind as she was beautiful. It did not need the adoring looks Lord Elsingham cast upon his lovely Lady, and the steady devotion in Richard Bennet’s expression, to convince Angela that no other woman could take the place Kathryn Elsingham held in everyone’s heart. So she smiled as bravely, as she was able, and behaved just as she ought in the matter of greeting and polite conversation, while something died in her breast and left a hollow place.

Lord Elsingham was telling Richard of reports he had received from some of his tenants in Elsinghurst, that a harsh-voiced man had been making very close inquiries about Richard and the newcomer at Bennet Farm. Jonas Tilley, the innkeeper, had related to his liegelord that the stranger, sporting a bruised face, had stopped in for several restorative whiskeys, and made some scurrilous remarks about Bennet’s guest. This, coupled with Richard’s request for an interview, had caused Milord and his Lady to call upon Lord Elsingham’s old nurse and her brother—a pair they obviously held in deepest affection and esteem.

“I believe the fellow means to do you harm,” advised Lord Elsingham. “He made threats to go before a magistrate to lay an information against you, and was throwing about accusations of kidnapping and duress of a minor. I was able to discount his threats when I talked to Tilley, and hope to have scotched his venom, but Kathryn and I agreed that we must confer with you at once, and put a stop to such malicious gossip.”

“We have found the perfect solution to the problem,” announced Richard with his charming grin. The Scottish accent was quite absent from his speech when he talked with these people. Angela drew a kind of bitter comfort from the thought that he saved his endearing burr for his intimates.

“I have requested, a special license from the Bishop of the Diocese,” he explained, “Angela and I will be married as soon as I receive it.”

Lord Elsingham was startled into a laugh. He stared from Richard’s smiling face to Angela's adorably confused one. “That is cutting the Gordian knot indeed! My congratulations!”

Lady Elsingham looked from Richard to Angela with interest and concern.

“Is this what you wish, my dear?” she asked the girl. “If it is not, we can find other ways to protect you.”

Angela's heart sank. How could she tell this gracious beauty that the whole desire of her foolish heart was to become Richard Bennet’s wife? That life could hold for her no greater joy than to live with him, serve and love him, as long as they both should live?

Perhaps Lady Elsingham was unusually perceptive; perhaps something in the girl’s steady gaze and furiously blushing features betrayed the truth to her, for after a moment Kathryn smiled wryly.

“That was a stupid suggestion to make to a newly engaged girl,” she apologized. “John, you should tell me to mind my own business!”

There was exchanged between the married lovers a glance of such deep commitment that Angela was forced to look away. She found herself staring directly into Richard Bennet’s intent blue eyes, and saw on his face an expression she had not observed before. Wearily she told herself that this interview with the object of his hopeless love must be painful to him, and his gallant commitment to a runaway girl could only emphasize what he had lost.

Maggie, ever tactful, was pouring tea into the delicate porcelain cups, a gift from her nursling Lord Elsingham, which were her pride. Daisy brought in a dish of hot scones heaped with homemade strawberry jam and clotted cream.

“You always did make the best scones in England,” said Lord Elsingham greedily.

“In Scotland, too,” added Richard, helping himself as generously.

Kathryn Elsingham smiled at Angela. “Do they ever think of anything but their stomachs? It is wonder they both aren’t as fat as—as—”

“Porkers?” suggested Angela, greatly daring.

“I resent that,” said Richard, eyes bright and amused on Angela's face. “I see I am getting myself leg-shackled to a very sharp-tongued female!”

When Richard looked at her with that laughing countenance, Angela's heart beat faster. If she could not have his love, given long since to Lady Elsingham, then at least she could have his friendship. . . .

Then Richard did something which jolted her heart into her throat. He had seated himself by her side when he had completed his self-imposed task of passing the cups of tea. Now he turned his big body toward her, bent down, and kissed her on the lips. His mouth tasted of strawberries.

There was a startled silence which Maggie broke by asking if anyone would care for another cup of tea.

Angela wondered desperately why Richard was continuing this ruse of a happy engagement. Surely it must embarrass him in front of his guests? Of course Maggie knew it for the wily gambit it had been, to checkmate Gilles Loring, but the Elsinghams were taking it seriously. Angela realized that she would have to put things straight.

“Mr. Bennet—” she began.

Richard raised one of those handsome sandy eyebrows. “So formal, my love?” he teased.

“Richard,” the girl amended, blushing ridiculously. “You should perhaps explain to—to your friends that we are not—I mean, you are just—” she subsided in confusion under the combined stares of the company.

Richard smote his forehead. “What! Already regretting our engagement, and we hardly twenty-four hours plighted?” He sighed histrionically. “I’m scarcely plighted before I’m blighted!”

Delighted laughter from everyone but the girl.

That devil! thought Angela. That tricksy, teasing, maddening Scottish devil! What mischief was he up to now? Deeply she distrusted the wicked sparkle in those wide, innocent-seeming blue eyes.

Richard addressed her in a wheedling voice. “Save my blushes by agreeing that you’re going to marry me as soon as the special license can be granted. Darling Angela?”

Angela did not know where to look. Eyelids lowered, face rosy, she said softly, “If you wish it, Richard.”

It was beyond her to deny this man anything; she knew it. And so, apparently, did he.

Shortly after the toast to the happy pair, drunk in Richard’s finest wine, the Elsinghams departed to set matters in train for a royal reception. “We’ll invite everyone you know in the district,” promised Kathryn. “And Angela, you must of course inform your friends from home. I love wedding receptions—never having had one,” she added, sotto voce. Lord Elsingham gave her such an adoring look that Angela was forced to glance away, unable to endure that obvious sign of marital bliss.

When they had departed, the girl, avoiding Richard’s eyes, turned to Maggie. “I—I seem to have a headache,” she apologized. “Perhaps I had better lie down for a little while.”

Clucking like a mother hen, Maggie went up with her to the pretty bedroom, helped to remove shoes and the redingote, and brought a cloth wrung out of cold water for Angela's forehead. Then, drawing the curtains against the bright sunlight, she said softly, “Richard wishes us to set out for Exeter early in the morning, so you may provide any facts the Bishop may need, and sign the papers.”

“I shall not be going. I cannot!” murmured Angela.

Maggie came back to the bedside and looked down at the girl. “You don’t love him?”

“He doesn’t love me!” wailed the girl softly.

After a moment’s silence, during which Angela removed the cool cloth from her eyes, the better to observe Miss Bennet’s expression, Maggie said slowly, “I might have agreed with you until this morning. But you must see how happy he was! He hasn’t smiled and joked like that in Lady Elsingham’s presence ever before. It is as though he were set free of a spell . . . his own man again!”

But Angela refused to listen to that which she so much longed to hear. “How could such a green girl as I am take the place of that beautiful woman? It was plain to me that you all adore her—and naturally so, for she is the kindest, most beautiful—” the girl’s voice dissolved in tears. “I must leave at once!”

“You would run away?” challenged the Scotswoman.

“What else is there for me to do?”

“It will wound his pride most deeply,” answered Maggie. “When first he realized that he loved Kathryn it was not so terrible, since no one but they two had knowledge of it. But this time he has told the Elsinghams, and authorized the spreading abroad of the information throughout the district. The reception at Elsingham Manor will—”

“We must stop it!” cried Angela, pulling herself upright on the bed.

“We cannot,” objected Maggie. “What excuse could we give? How would Richard feel if you told everyone you were refusing his suit at this point?”

“But I never accepted it!” protested Angela. “He never asked me!” This was the sore point. “It is he who is telling everyone!”

“And you would brand him a liar?” asked Maggie sternly.

Angela sank back upon her pillow. “I shall go to Exeter,” she said. “I could not bear to hurt Richard.”

Maggie left with a final comforting pat on the girl’s shoulder.

“But I know I am second best with him,” she thought sadly when she was alone. “I always will be.”

Perhaps he feels he needs a wife, and children to inherit his acres. It was the custom, she knew, to arrange marriages for such reasons. It is only, she told her lonely heart, a sensible, businesslike arrangement, which Richard, being Richard, sweetens with his courtesy and humor. Well, it will rescue me from my wretched situation. I must accept his help with what grace I can muster.

But she wept a few tears into the cold cloth.

* * *



Striding across his pleasant fields at this moment, Richard was frowning heavily. He had a strong feeling that he had mishandled the affair this morning, but what else could he have done with all those people present? Maggie, bless her, whisking the girl away as soon as the Elsinghams had left, giving him no chance at all to settle the matter in private! And Lady Elsingham, asking her wretched questions just as he thought he had the business neatly in hand. “Find other ways to protect you”—indeed! Devoutly the man wished Lady Elsingham had kept her lovely mouth shut, for anyone could see the girl had withdrawn at that moment. It did not occur to Richard that the woman who had so annoyed him this morning had been the object of his sternly repressed, romantic dreams for the last five years. At this stage, he wished her in Jericho, or London, or anyplace where she could not meddle with a man’s affairs. There had been the moment when he kissed Angela before them all—had that not convinced the foolish girl? Thoughts of the kiss considerably lightened his mood, and he began to picture the time when he would have her to himself, in a delightful privacy guaranteed by the special license and his ring upon her slender finger—the ring! He must manage to slip away for a moment during the visit to Exeter tomorrow and purchase one. Now what should it be? Lost in such fascinating considerations as this question raised, Richard strode on through his fields in a state of bliss as close as a man can get to perfect joy.





Chapter 12



The next morning Richard drove them out in his phaeton, with the folding top down and a handsome pair of matched bays between the shafts. Maggie, attired in her best bonnet and a neat black woolen dress with a wide white muslin fichu like a ruffled shawl about her shoulders, was comfortably ensconced on the rear seat, while Angela sat beside Richard in front. As a source of courage for this incredible mission, the girl had chosen to wear the violet-covered hat. She felt it gave her the needed touch of sophistication with the gray redingote, and had firmly rejected Daisy’s offer of a broad straw bonnet to protect her delicate complexion from the strong sunlight. Go to Exeter with Richard in a straw bonnet? Her heart failed at the thought. She only hoped she did him justice, this splendid creature seated next to her!

They were very early abroad, for the road to Exeter was a long one. It was a lovely English morning. Mist was rising from the fields and meadows and curling upward among the trees. The air was dew-washed; flower scents wafted on the breeze. Angela, who had come to terms with her emotions during the night, turned a shining face up to Richard.

“I do not know why you are doing this for me, Richard, but I thank you,” she said softly. “I have never been so happy in all my life!” Her beautiful gray eyes were full of light, and the man beside her held the reins more tightly, lest he take her into his arms and kiss her for all the world to see.

In truth, Angela would not have refused such a lovely gesture. She had resolved that, since Richard Bennet had been kind enough to offer to marry her to save her from her wicked stepfather, she would repay him in whatever coin he might seem to wish. After the marriage there would be her fortune, and Swanholme of course, but she was well aware that he did not need or even covet them. At the moment, her gratitude and the admission of her pleasure in his company was the least she could offer him. She peeped shyly up at him, her heart in her eyes.

The big Scotsman was dressed in an unexpectedly smart outfit of dark blue superfine coat and breeches, white stockings, a cravat of starched linen, and black, silver-buckled shoes. He had not powdered his sandy hair, but had brushed it until it shone like dull gold. On it, rather rakishly, he had set the soft dark hat which Angela knew was all the kick for country wear, because Vivian, wearing one such, had told her it had replaced the tricorne. By this time completely besotted by the big fellow, Angela decided she had never seen so magnificent a figure of manly beauty.

Richard glanced down at her with a proprietary smile. “We shall soon have our business settled,” he advised her. “We’ll arrive in Exeter in time for luncheon, and then stop by the Cathedral. After that,” he raised his voice a little, “I shall require you to take Angela to a seamstress, Maggie, to commission some new dresses. Mr. Richard Bennet’s wife must do him crrredit in the deestrrrrict, ye ken!”

Maggie chuckled. She was not at all offended by his autocratic declaration, chiming in enthusiastically from the back seat with suggestions for the trousseau. Angela could not find it in her to register a dissenting voice to this chorus of happy anticipation, but contented herself with saying that she hoped the gentleman would deign to accompany them, since his earlier efforts in her behalf had been so successful.

Richard’s eyes were at once diverted to the hat with the violets, and then to the small, sparkling face beneath it. He amazed his sister by agreeing to go with them to the dressmaker, on condition that they would solemnly promise that he himself would not be involved in any way except as Chancellor of the Exchequer.

For some reason, the picture of Richard Bennet involved with bolts of satin and cards of ribbon and lace, to say nothing of piles of corsets and female night-gear, so tickled Maggie and Angela that they went off into gales of laughter, at which Richard smirked like a precocious child who has amused his elders.

Thus the phaeton rolled through the lovely high-banked Devon lanes, sun-dappled, leaf-shadowed, accompanied by happy laughter. Angela, proudly seated at Richard’s broad shoulder, felt she had never known such bliss.

The interview at the Cathedral passed too quickly for the dazed girl to retain much impression of anything but the twin Norman towers of the Church of St. Peter, a multitude of delicate spires, and a heavy yet benign face atop canonical garments. This important business was followed by two fascinating hours at the establishment of Miss Sarah Agnew, Modiste. After that, Richard took his exhausted but euphoric ladies to Mol’s Coffee house, near the Cathedral. It was a fine old building, the front distinguished by enormous bay windows which glanced down upon the street through a myriad of shining small panes of glass. When they had mounted to the first floor, the proprietor proudly told them of the Elizabethan sea captains who had been wont to congregate in the bay of those very windows, drinking coffee or something stronger, and imagining themselves on board their own galleons, whose great cabins were similarly bewindowed.

It was a silent happy repast. Angela was scarcely conscious of what she was eating or drinking; it could have been ambrosia and the elixir of the gods, so sweetly did she savor it in her mouth. Richard glanced at her frequently, as though enjoying the ambience of her delight. Maggie watched both her young people with a complacent smile, but was wise enough to understand that small talk would be an intrusion upon that wordless communion.

On the trip home they maintained the comfortable quiet, and as the shadows lengthened, Angela's head nodded and drooped against the big shoulder beside her. Richard put his arm deftly around her, and settled her comfortably against him.

It was almost dark, and the tired horses had left the highway and were trotting along between the high banks of a lane toward the farm when disaster struck. Well aware that their stable, with its oats and cool water, awaited them, the horses had picked up their pace, and Richard had removed his arm from Angela’s shoulders to better handle the reins. Maggie was collecting her parcels and checking her reticule. None of them was prepared for the attack when it came.

Four dark figures dropped down beside the phaeton from the high banks on either side. Two of them ran to the horses’ heads, and caught at the bridles. The horses were tired, which probably explained why they did not panic and bolt, but permitted themselves to be held. At the same time, two other attackers leaped at the phaeton, one of them seizing Richard’s arm and heaving out and downward while his companion struck at Richard’s head with a short cudgel. The big man sank unconscious on the road.

While this was happening, too unexpected and well planned to allow for any defense, Maggie Bennet was peering through the gloom with alarm and swiftly mounting anger. Angela, asleep against Richard’s shoulder, had first been suddenly bereft of her support and then roughly seized by a fifth man who had waited at the crest of the embankment to observe the outcome of his careful strategy. When he saw Richard collapse under the cudgel blow, he scrambled down the bank and pulled the girl from the phaeton. At this, Maggie began to scream.

Angela's captor turned on his men with a snarl. “Get the farmer back into his phaeton.” He turned to Maggie. “Old woman,” he called, “can you handle the horses? Your friend is not hurt, I promise you. I am just collecting something which belongs to me. I mean you folk no harm.”

“You are kidnapping my brother’s fiancée, you skelpin! Release Miss Swann at once! My brother and she are to be married within the week!”

“Perchance he will not wish to marry her when he learns she is a thief—” The abductor interrupted himself. “Miss Swann, do you say? Where had you that name?”

“From the girl’s stepfather, Gilles Loring of Swanholme,” snapped Maggie. “It is not some hedge-bird you are abducting, young man! This girl is an heiress. You will sorely regret this night’s work, you ruffian! I’ll see you and your henchmen in the dock!”

At this threat, there were mutterings from the henchmen. Their leader tried to brazen it out. “I am Lord Merrel, old woman. The girl is an accomplice to the doxy who robbed me of a fortune in jewels. I wish only to question her.”

“A likely story!” jeered the indomitable Maggie. “Do you tell me that, for a simple questioning, you must halt our carriage, like highwaymen, and knock my brother into the road—” This brought her attention back to Richard, still lying upon the road. “If you’ve killed him, I’ll see you all hanged!”

Lord Merrel knew it was time to take firm action, before his men, recruited from among the younger grooms in his stable, and already very uncomfortable with this act of derring-do, should panic and desert their master. Taking a firmer grip upon Angela, who had been silently struggling to be free, he commanded his men to heave Richard up to the seat of the phaeton and prop him against the padded back. When they had done so, he motioned them back to their horses, hidden over the crest of the bank.

“Away now, lads! I’ll see ye at home.”

Next he addressed Maggie, who had scrambled up beside the limp form of her brother and was chaffing his hands. “This girl has no doubt cozened you as slyly as she deceived me. I’ll take her to my home and examine her, and if she can prove her claims of innocence, I’ll release her at once.”

“Richard and I,” answered Maggie grimly, “will away to the magistrate and swear out a warrant against you, Lord Merrel! The girl is no cozener—she is an heiress! No,” she interrupted, at his derisive gesture, “it was not from her lips that we had the information, but from those of her stepfather, Mr. Loring, who was here a day ago to discover if all was well with her, and to invite all of us to Swanholme, Miss Swann’s ancestral estate in Cornwall. I would suggest that you go to him with your cock-and-bull story of stolen gems—”

Even in the failing light, Maggie caught the look of anguished appeal from the girl, and realized, too late, what she had done. Gilles Loring would like nothing better than to see his stepdaughter accused of a crime. Even to let him know there was trouble would give him a perfect opportunity to take Angela firmly under his control again. And she had provided this raffish nobleman with Gilles’s name and address! Maggie stared back at the girl in horrified awareness of what she had done.

Lord Merrel’s gaze moved rapidly between the two faces. His self-confidence, which had been severely shaken by Miss Bennet’s attack, was quickly restored by what he mistakenly interpreted as a look of guilt on the girl’s face. Without lingering for further discussion, he swung Angela over his shoulder and scrambled up the bank. His carriage, with a team of four and a coachman and groom, waited beside the fence they had lowered to allow of their entrance to the field. Within moments Lord Merrel had hoisted the girl inside, joined her, and slammed the door. The coachman lost no time in departing the scene of what he privately characterized as some pretty havey-cavey doings.

Maggie Bennet was left in the dark furrow of the high-banked lane to care for the still unconscious Richard.





Chapter 13



Angela picked herself up from the floor of Lord Merrel’s closed carriage and fell against the padded seat. With trembling fingers she smoothed her hair into order—her coronet-braid was unpinned and swinging down her back, and her hat with the velvet violets had disappeared in the struggle—and straightened her redingote. Then, taking a calming breath, she turned to the male figure slouched beside her in the gloom.

“Are you that Lord Merrel whose friend Zalie stole his jewels?” she asked. Although she was inwardly trembling with the shock of the sudden attack, she knew she must keep her wits about her lest Gilles Loring be called into the dangerous muddle.

Her companion only grunted. In point of fact, Julian Merrel was appalled at the outcome of his scheme, conceived over their brandy at the George and Horse by himself and his special crony, Sir Horace Tilling. Following the trail of a farmer called Bennet—not difficult, since he had written down his name and direction at the Pride of Exeter—they had discovered that he had in his household a young girl, a stranger to the district, whose position in the house was equivocal. Had they talked to Jonas rather than his wife, they might have learned that the dubiousness of the girl’s role consisted of the fact that she was either housekeeper for Maggie Bennet or her guest. This had not transpired. On the basis of this incomplete information and two too many brandies, they had planned the exercise. It had seemed just the sort of reckless, dashing exploit which would set Julian up as a damned dangerous fellow when it was related, by Tilling, over the dinner table to his hard-bitten companions.

It had now assumed a more ominous aspect. Why the devil had he given the old woman his right name? If his damned groom had hit the farmer too hard, there could be unpleasant consequences. The host at the George and Horse hadn’t had too much to say, but Mrs. Tilley had been loquacious about Richard Bennet when they were asking about the girl. She had praised the prosperous farmer who was a close friend of Milord Elsingham, the Great Man of the district. Could such a farmer really consider marrying this little chit beside him? The old hag had said so.

The trouble was that young Julian had rash visions of himself as the very model of a bold Corinthian, a Buck of the first order. With the potent fumes of Jonas’s brandy in his brain, it had seemed to be a wickedly dashing exploit. Now that the stimulating effect of the brandy had quite worn off, he realized that he was in for a splitting headache, and, worse, that he had in his carriage a female who might actually be the affianced wife of a landowner with important friends. In a very sour humor indeed, Julian told the wretched female to hold her tongue.

Angela was not to be discouraged. “I assure you, Lord Merrel, that the case is exactly as I told you in the Pride of Exeter. Your—friend Zalie, whom I met for the first time in the coach to London, fell into talk with me and persuaded me to break our tiring journey to dine and rest overnight at the inn. During the evening, she confided in me that she was fleeing from a distasteful marriage—”

“Fustian!” snarled Julian. “Surely you had enough nous to see that that was a Banbury tale? She got it at the theater the night before she robbed me.”

Since the “Banbury tale” represented the exact truth of her own situation, Angela was momentarily daunted. However, her position was desperate, so she plucked up courage and went on, “She then suggested that we change costumes to confuse the pursuit—”

“Pursuit?” interrupted the man, roused by this detail. “You were both running away from someone?”

“She said her father was forcing her to marry a man she hated,” cried Angela, horrified that she had let him know she was in flight, also. “I could sympathize—”

But Julian was laughing harshly. “Zalie would have sold her soul for a wedding band!” He glared at Angela. “No female would rebel against a good marriage! You surely aren’t gullible enough to believe that flummery?”

“Nevertheless, that is what she told me,” persisted Angela. “I refused to change clothes as she suggested, since her garment was of a garish color and a style I could not admire. She told me you had chosen it, sir,” she could not help adding waspishly. Then as Merrel leaned toward her menacingly, she hurried on “When I awoke the following morning, in the tiny room we had shared, my own clothing was gone and Zalie with it. Perforce I donned her costume—which did not fit me at all, as you noticed!”

A wicked crow of laughter greeted that reminder. “Zalie’s well endowed,” the would-be Corinthian agreed.

“Well, I am not!” snapped Angela, resentfully, “and I would certainly not have wished to be caught in that very reprehensible garment! I went seeking Zalie, and got the information from the landlord’s wife that she had taken the coach to Scotland. Did you fail to find her?”

“That should be clear to the meanest intelligence,” sneered Lord Merrel.

“Should I then be seeking her still—or her confederates?”

“Well, I am not one of such, as I have been at pains to tell you!”

“Continue your story,” commanded Lord Merrel, upon whose unhappy stomach the jolting of the carriage was having a very deleterious effect. His fear that further upset might cause him to shoot the cat held him to a more reasonable temper than he would normally have demonstrated. He opened a window. “Well?”

Thus adjured, the girl went on, “Mr. Bennet arrived to take me to his sister—”

Lord Merrel could not resist that opening. “Not very loverlike, was he? Almost seemed not to know you! Bit of a cold fish, is he? Pretty high in the instep, considering you was his intended, and he a farmer.” The girl was dashed pretty with her great gray eyes gleaming at him through the gloom. Merrel tried to persuade himself that the girl’s plausible tale was a complete fabrication, but his heart wasn’t in it. Her speech was too well bred for a doxy, and her diffident little air of poise was exactly right for the person she claimed to be—a country heiress, not yet out into Society, rustic but of good family. Still, he thought, remembering Zalie’s damnably persuasive wiles, she could be lying, and if she is, she’s fair game. The idea aroused him in spite of the headache which was beginning to pound between his temples. He leaned closer to the chit and said again, “Is your precious Farmer Bennet a cold fish, my dear?” and placed his hand upon her thigh.

Angela drew away as though he had struck her. “Mr. Bennet does not display his feelings before a jostle of stableboys and strangers, if that is what you are implying!” she snapped. Then, to divert his thoughts from her person, she went on, in a cool voice, “The woman had a black leather case she seemed very careful of. I did not see what was inside it, so I cannot be sure she had your jewels, but she did rob me of my clothing, so I suppose I must accept that she robbed you as well. I went on to Bennet Farm that very morning, and have been there ever since, until today, when we drove into Exeter to obtain our special license from the Bishop.”

“What sort of lying tale did you give the good cleric?” sneered Lord Merrel, but he admitted to himself that that cock wouldn’t fight. He’d made a bad mistake, no question about that. He began to whip his befuddled wits, hoping to come up with some plan to save face. He was a hard-drinking, hard-riding, dissolute young nobleman who went about with a set of men of his own stripe, but so far he had confined his womanizing to soiled doves like Zalie, and had not been such a fool as to abduct a girl of good birth. So now, in a last-ditch stand, he asked, “Did you tell the Bishop the same lies you told your farmer?”

Angela, unaware of his near-capitulation, was forced to accept the fact that the time had come for honest dealing. “I told him the truth, which you may verify by scanning the church records. I am Angela Swann, daughter of Denzil Swann of Swanholme, near Averly, and heiress to his estate. You have made a mistake, sir, but there is time to rectify it. Return me at once to Bennet Farm,” she instructed. “If you do, and apologize to Mr. Bennet, I shall try to persuade him not to press charges—”

This last was the one word too many. Merrel had been searching for a way out of the mess he had gotten himself into, and would probably have decided upon some such notion as the girl had just proposed had she stopped after the announcement of her name and state. But when she suggested that her fiancé might be amenable to a simple apology after the foul blow he had received, Lord Merrel realized the girl was a complete innocent, overly optimistic, and foolish beyond permission—or she was lying about herself and the position she claimed. His suspicions were at once aroused. With rational thought addled by surly ill temper, disappointment, and the blinding pain induced by too much brandy, he committed an act of supreme folly.

Sticking his head out of the carriage window, he shouted at his coachman to head for home. “Forget about Tilling,” he shouted. “Don’t spare the horses!” Then, falling back against the squabs, he sank into a drunken stupor from which Angela's further requests and pleadings were quite insufficient to rouse him.

The coachman, taking comfort from the idea of a speedy ending to this disreputable enterprise, whipped up his team to such a pace that Angela dared not try to wrest open the door and fling herself out upon the road—a plan which had occurred to her. So, alternating between fear and trembling and surges of anger, the girl was racketed through the darkness toward an unknown fate.

The coachman gave no further thought to the abandoned Sir Horace. This did not matter, in the event, for that worthy was fast asleep in the best bed the George and Horse had to offer. In the morning he was quite unable to recall how he had got there, or even why he had come to this uninteresting village. Shrugging his shoulders philosophically, he took the next coach to London.





Chapter 14



When Lord Merrel’s coach arrived at his home just before dawn, there was surprise, alarm, and some scarcely smothered muttering upon the part of his less-than-devoted staff. The gist of it was that the silly gudgeon had cut some pretty totty-headed capers since inheriting his father’s title and estate, as witness his loss of his mother’s jewels to that light-skirt from London, but this kidnapping in plain daylight of some wealthy farmer’s promised bride was the cap sheaf! They’d as like as naught have the Runners after them, if not a party of the injured man’s friends bent upon reprisal. What was Master Julian up to? fretted his butler.

Julian Merrel was not up to much that morning after his ill-judged rape of the farmer’s intended. Not that he had actually raped her, of course—he’d been too anxious to get away from the dangerous locality. Then, later, when his disapproving servants unloaded him from his coach, he was completely sunk in stertorous slumber.

On being advised in detail by the coachman as to the follies Lord Merrel had committed, the butler made stiff apologies to the young lady he had ushered into the drawing room. It was plain she was not one of Milord’s usual lightskirts, for all she was sadly crumpled and bedraggled by the drive through the night.

“I am Blake, madam,” he said soothingly. “Tea will be brought to you as soon as you have washed and refreshed yourself. May I escort you to Lady Merrel’s suite? She is in London at the moment,” and his expression added, Thank God! “She has been there with her sister since old Lord Merrel died.”

“Then she has not yet heard of the theft of her jewels?” Angela nodded comprehension of the butler’s anxiety.

“And I am hoping, Miss,” Blake assumed a fatherly attitude, “that it will not be necessary for her ladyship to hear of this wretched business! Whatever can the resty young fool be thinking of?”

Angela did not find Julian Merrel’s behavior exactly that of the foolish youth Blake was trying to present. She gave the loyal family retainer an old-fashioned look, and said firmly, “When I have tidied myself up and had a cup of tea, you may find me another coachman to drive me back to Bennet Farm.”

It seemed she had not mistaken her butler. A sensible man, he disapproved thoroughly of his rakehelly young master, and was anxious to make up for his libertine behavior. Half an hour later, much refreshed by piping hot tea and a generous wedge of tasty beef and kidney pie, Angela smiled up at the hovering Blake.

“I think we both understand that Lord Merrel was—ah—under the influence when he brought me here this morning,” she began in a voice whose calm steadiness rather surprised even herself. It would seem that her sojourn with the Bennets had helped her to strengthen her backbone. Blake was looking greatly relieved by her unhysterical acceptance of the situation.

“What would you wish me to do for the best, madam?” he asked, respectfully.

“Supply me with a vehicle and a driver.”

“They are preparing a light coach for you now, madam. You’ll be driven home at once.”

“That is just as well,” agreed the girl, thinking of Richard’s temper at this moment. “Unless you are wishful of having a very angry Scotsman descending upon you. My fiancé,” she added kindly.

“My God!” exclaimed the butler, forgetting decorum. “What’s the silly fool been at this time?” But the question was rhetorical and they both knew it. Tom Coachman had spilled the whole tale, and Blake understood exactly what a coil Lord Merrel had gotten them into.

Within five minutes, a smart open phaeton appeared at the front door with a driver and groom up front. Blake assisted Angela tenderly into the rear seat, and spread a rug over her knees.

“I chose the open carriage, madam, in case you should encounter your Scotsman en route. I should not wish him to miss seeing you!” His tone was so apprehensive that the girl was forced to suppress a chuckle.

As the phaeton bowled along through the morning sunlight, Angela was glad of the rug, yet even the crisp air did not serve to keep her alert after her troubled night, and she was dozing off, propped against one side of the seat, when her eye was caught by the precipitate progress of a coach which was advancing toward them at a speed far beyond that commensurate with safety upon the King’s Highroad. On the box, handling the reins with angry skill, sat a huge man with tousled sandy hair.

“Richard!” shrieked Angela, fearful lest this wild-eyed Nemesis should miss her as he raced past.

She need not have feared. Richard pulled his team across the road in a suicidal swerve, quite blocking the passage of the other vehicle, whose driver and groom had pulled up instantly upon hearing her cry. Angela was still struggling to disentangle herself from the rug when Richard, springing down from his coach and climbing up beside her, seized her in a fierce embrace which was strangely comforting.

He held her close to his big body for a long moment and then muttered harshly against her cheek, “You are safe? He did not hurt you?”

“He was in a drunken stupor the whole time,” Angela assured her shining knight. “I am not sure he really knew what he had done.”

Richard released her just enough to study her face sharply. Then the terrible tension began to relax in his body, and there was even the trace of a wry smile tugging at his lips. “You have just saved his life,” he told her. “I had intended killing him as soon as I had rescued you.”

“I think his potations of last night will be giving him his comeuppance this morning,” Angela said. “Oh, Richard! I was so very worried about you! Is your head all right?”

“No thanks to Merrel,” groaned Richard. “Now that I think of it,” he grinned wryly at the girl, “I can only hope his head is giving him the same hell mine is giving me!” He touched the back of his cranium gingerly. “There’s a lump here as big as an ostrich egg.”

Angela took charge in the emergency, with all the new confidence she was discovering in herself. Turning to Merrel’s apprehensive servants, she ordered crisply, “One of you can drive Mr. Bennet and myself back to the Farm in his coach. The other may follow in this phaeton and pick up his companion when we are through with him.”

Richard’s eyebrow rose quizzically, but he seemed content to allow his little love to arrange the matter to her satisfaction. Merrel’s servants obeyed with a silent docility which rather surprised the girl. She allowed Richard to help her down and into his coach, and waited until the conscripted driver had them turned and rolling back along the road. Then she gave her rescuer a searching glance, to find his blue eyes fixed upon her countenance with equal intentness.

“Oh, my dear Richard,” she said, and held out her arms to her battered hero.

He took her into his embrace and kissed her gently. At first she was reassured; then a little disappointed at the undemanding nature of the clasp. Pulling away slightly, she scanned the beloved features sharply. Surely, if he loved her, he would be more ardent at this moment?

Very much aware of her reaction, Richard confessed ruefully, “I really have the devil of a headache . . . and my eyes seem to insist upon crossing! Very odd! And so, my dearest dear, my dear heart, I think I had better try to rest. . . . We have a great deal to do and to decide upon . . . but not . . . now is not . . .”

“Not the time,” agreed the girl softly. “Dear Richard, would it help if you stretched out on the seat and put your head in my lap?”

Richard’s dulling gaze brightened at this proposal. “I’m a wee bit too long for the seat, I’m afraid, but perhaps we might contrive something—”

“If you were to sit sideways,” Angela found herself blushing but continued bravely, “and let me take your head and shoulders into my arms, I could perhaps cushion your head against the jouncing of this wretched road. . . .”

Richard swung around and presented his torso trustingly into her grasp. Angela was devoutly thankful that he had his eyes closed as she settled the beloved head against her breast and held him firmly, attempting fairly successfully to cushion him from the worst of the jolts.

“Your arms will cramp,” murmured the man, settling against her bosom with a sigh of pleasure.

“I think not,” she replied, as softly. “Rest, Richard, I shall not let you fall,” and she braced her foot against the forward seat, the better to support his body with her knee. Then as he allowed his muscles to relax, she massaged the back of his neck with gentle fingers. Uttering a wordless groan of content, Richard slumped heavily against her.

Angela could have endured the effort of holding the beloved body if it had been ten times as heavy. She had a perfect chance to gaze upon his features, to trace with loving glance the strength and maturity of his face, now resting so trustingly upon her breast. She resigned herself to a long and possibly uncomfortable drive, but knew she would not willingly give up one minute of it. She wished she might stroke his face, but feared to rouse him from the sleep he needed. Instead she dreamed about the life of this fine, upstanding Scotsman who had made so strong a place for himself in the land of the Sassenachs. How could Lady Elsingham have refused him? she wondered. Yet it was obvious that that lady doted upon her own handsome husband. She left him free for me! exulted the girl. Loving her kept him from marrying someone else until I came! She found it in her heart to bless the lady.

I am besotted with this great creature, she thought, her glance running over the big body in her arms. His long legs were bent at the knees to accommodate their length upon the seat. Well-muscled thighs were propped against the rear squabs. One arm had managed, somehow, to insinuate itself behind her; the other was clasped loosely around the front of her body. Up to her nostrils drifted the faint warmth of his body. Angela kept up her soothing massage, loving the strong brown column of the man’s throat. She thought that few moments in her future life would ever surpass the sweetness of this quiet reunion.





Chapter 15



When they arrived at Bennet Farm late that day, Angela had to be lifted out of the coach, so stiff were her muscles from the long ordeal. Richard was dazed but cheerful as he was wakened and lifted out by two of his men. Maggie hovered, giving directions and cries of welcome at random. Within a very short time Richard, who seemed much restored by his sleep in Angela's arms, had dismissed the servants of Lord Merrel and sent them on their way with a gratuity. Then he and Angela were happy to accept assistance to their rooms and to let themselves be helped into bed with the minimum of fuss.

Angela was awakened next morning by Daisy, bringing tea and eager to hear of her adventures. She also told Angela that Dr. Grossgrain had been in to look at Richard, and after pronouncing him to be the greatest fool in Christendom for driving a heavy coach all night long with a cracked skull, told him he’d probably live in spite of his folly and the blow from Lord Merrel’s groom.

Not excessively cheered by this Spartan diagnosis, Angela dressed hastily and joined Maggie in the dining room. “Is Richard really feeling more himself? Daisy tells me the doctor was not very reassuring,” the girl said anxiously.

Maggie patted her shoulder. “Oh, Jem Grossgrain is a Job’s comforter—never happy except when someone else is miserable,” the old woman smiled. “Richard’s sleeping peacefully now, and Jem says he should be up and abut tomorrow morning as though nothing had happened to him.” Her expression sobered. “That’s not to say he won’t be in a rare taking when he remembers what that monster and his servants did to you.”

Angela nodded, her anxiety as great as Maggie’s. “I hope he will be sensible and forgive them now he has me safe home,” she said.

Maggie hugged herself at this indisputable evidence that the girl had accepted Richard, and herself, and Bennet Farm, as her true home and loving family. Maggie was a Romantic—as the Lord Elsingham and his Lady could have given witness.





In the event, Richard surprised both his well-wishers. Instead of anger he displayed a very sober mood when he joined the ladies at breakfast the following morning.

“I have been thinking,” he began, seriously, having kissed both Maggie and Angela chastely upon the cheek before seating himself, “that I have been approaching this situation from quite the wrong direction. So, as soon as I have discussed the matter with you both—for we Scots are great folk for a democratic exchange of views—I shall send a message to Lord Elsingham telling him what I have decided. Then you and I, my child, must prepare for journey to Averly.”

Although he was smiling provocatively at her, Angela's heart fell at this statement. Democratic exchange, indeed! she thought forlornly. He has made up his mind to take me back to Swanholme. He has discovered that he no longer loves me!

But Richard had not finished. “I believe we shall find ourselves forever being subjected to visitations from Loring and Merrel, and their henchmen and dupes, if you do not return to your own home, my good girl, and settle matters once and for all.” He glanced at a sober-faced Maggie. “You must admit I’ve the right of it, sister. The lassie must take her stand. A lecher like Merrel will never accept the truth about Angela's lack of involvement in his affairs until she proves that she is Denzil Swann’s daughter and the heiress of Swanholme. While I cannot discover his Zalie or his jewels, I can make sure that everybody from here to Averly knows that Angela Swann of Swanholme is no little hedge-bird, but the only daughter of a good county family. And that she is married to one Richard Bennet, who, while he may be a farmer, is able and ready to protect and care for his lady.” He nodded once, hard-jawed and narrow-eyed. Both the women knew that there were few bold enough to challenge Angela's doughty defender.

“As for Gilles Loring,” Richard continued, “we are all agreed, I take it, that that ruffian will try to wring every possible farthing from the estate of Swanholme. Which means he will continue to oppose Angela's marriage to me in every vicious way he can think of—”

“Oh, Richard, can I not sign it all over to him and be free of him?” pleaded the girl.

“You would give up your parents’ home to this villain?” asked Richard sternly.

“Gilles has made it detestable to me,” confessed the girl.

“I wonder what he has told your neighbors?” asked Richard. “For, believe me, such a fellow will have spread some ugly story to explain your disappearance. I must know what lies he has told about my future wife. I wish it to be possible for you to return to your family home without finding yourself befouled with Loring’s innuendoes.”

“He is right, Angela,” pleaded Maggie. “You must not allow your good name to be smirched by such a creature as Loring. You owe it to your mother and father.”

Reluctantly, and with a deep sense of foreboding, the girl agreed to return to Averly and the house where she had been so brutalized.

The Elsinghams were informed of the delay and the reason for it, and agreed with Richard’s plan. Their reception could be postponed until the return of the young couple from Swanholme. But Lord Elsingham advised against postponing the wedding.

“Angela will not be protected properly until she is beyond Loring’s power to coerce,” he said gravely. “I have set some inquiries in train as to his life before he appeared at Averly—”

“What have you found?” asked Angela eagerly.

“The report has not come in yet,” Lord Elsingham admitted. “But I cannot believe, from his behavior to you and your mother, that he is a man of good character. I am positive we shall discover him to be a fortune hunter—if not worse.” He looked at Richard. “I urge you to marry Angela as soon as possible.”

But Richard had a bee in his bonnet and chose to disregard Lord Elsingham’s advice. Maggie tried to explain his attitude to the troubled girl.

“He has his pride, Angela. He would not have it said that he had influenced a young girl unduly, or married her in some hole-and-corner fashion. Can you accept that?”

Although Angela accepted the decision without argument, she was disappointed and worried at what she felt was Richard’s lack of enthusiasm for the marriage. If he truly loved her, surely he would not hazard their happiness upon what he himself would have called a chancy business—the visit to Loring in his castle?

Lady Elsingham was more successful than her husband in urging a course of action. “You may go to Averly unmarried, if such is Richard’s decision, but you really must take Maggie to give you countenance. A fine thing for the maiden heiress to arrive out of the blue with a dashing stranger!”

Although they had all enjoyed a laugh, both Maggie and Angela insisted that Lady Elsingham was correct in her appraisal of the situation, and Richard gave way with his delightful smile.

Having declared himself so firmly, the big fellow was having second thoughts. Not that he felt he had made a mistake in his decision; no, it had been too carefully worked out in the quiet of a pain filled night. But he had sensed a withdrawing, a coolness, in his little love, and, knowing himself to be the veriest tyro, an untried soldier in the battle of the sexes, he realized he would have to have a democratic discussion with the girl he loved. But the devil of it was that Maggie had turned a bit awkward, and was playing the chaperone as fiercely as though he were that lecher Merrel. Maggie! And Daisy was in it too, frowning and hanging about whenever it seemed there might be a chance of a private tête-à-tête with his fiancée. Richard, brooding on the strange ways of females when there was a wedding in the offing, made up his mind to proceed with manly decisiveness. That must be his rallying cry—his slogan!

To this end he approached Angela immediately after dinner that evening, when Daisy had just carried a tray of dishes to the kitchen and Maggie had followed her to see to the coffee. Richard rose swiftly and went to Angela's side.

“I wish to talk to you,” he said with manly decisiveness. “At once. We’ll go outside to our tree.” Then he spoiled the whole effect by saying, with a wheedling smile, “Please, Angel?”

Angela, most flustered by the whole gambit, was so enchanted to be Richard’s Angel that she rose without a word and let him take her hand and lead her from the room.

Congratulating himself upon his firm management of this important matter, the man led the girl out of the house and through the sunset fields to the great knoll crowned with its ancient tree. Having got her there, and facing the look of almost painful inquiry upon that beloved small face, his complacence fled and his throat seemed to close upon him. Finally he managed to get out a few words.

“Would you like to sit down?”

“If you wish, Richard.”

This was going famously. Helping the girl to seat herself occupied enough time for Richard to marshal his thoughts, if he had been capable of doing so. Unfortunately, all the besotted fellow could think of was the jewel-like beauty of her large eyes, the rosy flush of the sunset on her smooth cheeks, and the vulnerable sweetness of her soft pink mouth. This last thought quite unnerved the man, and he said, harshly, “I hope you do not think I am reluctant to wed you? The contrary is actually the case.”

Angela's eyes opened even wider, and a delightful smile parted her soft lips. Richard grasped firmly at his self-control.

“I wish to wed you openly, in your own kirk, with the friends of your parents to witness the ceremony. I desire the whole district to know how proud I shall be to be your husband. Do you get my point?”

“Oh, yes, Richard!” sighed Angela, in such obvious relief and satisfaction that the man was quite compelled to take her in his arms and kiss that inviting mouth with manly decisiveness.

Several minutes later, surfacing breathlessly from the most agonizing bliss of his life, he glared down at the bemused girl in his arms.

“And that will show you,” said Richard Bennet firmly.

“Yes, Richard,” breathed Angela.

It was a perfect example of democratic discussion.





So on the morning after the visit to Elsingham Manor, Angela set out on a return journey to the home from which she had fled, but this time she had big Richard Bennet as her champion, and Maggie Bennet riding behind them en chaperone. Still, Angela was not happy. She had a very real fear of placing herself in Loring’s power again after she had so laboriously escaped him. Richard did not—could not—know how frightening the man was to her, how his long-practiced cruelties to her and her mother had bred in her a terror which was part loathing. She wished Maggie had supported her in her reluctance to meet her stepfather without the protection of Richard’s name. But it was not for her to challenge the decisions of such a man as her intended husband. Long training had made it easy to accept the authority of a man, and when love was added, the conclusion was foregone. Still, the first day on the road, for all Richard’s quiet good humor and encouragement, passed very slowly for the girl.

The second morning they were up betimes, enjoyed a superb breakfast at Turner’s Inn, and set out on the road with spirits high. Richard expected to reach the village of Averly by evening, and had planned to put up at the Averly Arms for the night, to sound out the mood of the inhabitants and learn what scurrilities Angela's stepfather had spread abroad.

“For if we are registered at a public inn, no villain can put us away in some dark oubliette,” he teased the girl. Angela tried to smile, but the feeling of looming misfortune was too strong. Even Maggie was beginning to wonder whether they had made a wise decision, as she saw the girl’s face become hourly paler and more strained, and noted her white-knuckled tension.

It was late when they arrived, and they were led to their bedrooms by a yawning maidservant. Going down to breakfast the next morning, the first person they met was Mrs. Webster. She looked a little taken aback by the sight of the pallid girl in the modish new clothing—for Richard had insisted that she wear the clothes he and Maggie had bought for her at Exeter. The sempstress turned a welcoming smile upon Angela and took her timidly offered hand without hesitation.

The Bennets ranged themselves on either side of their charge. Angela hastened to introduce them. “Mrs. Webster, this is Miss Margaret Bennet, my hostess since I left Swanholme, and her brother, Mr. Richard Bennet of Elsinghurst Village, to whom I am to be married in Averly church in a few days.” She turned, blushing prettily, to her companions. “Mrs. Webster gave me the four pounds with which I was able to make my escape from Mr. Loring,” she explained.

The Bennets made much of the dressmaker, their thanks warm and sincere. Mrs. Webster seemed greatly pleased by the encounter, and impressed by Angela's intended. She gave Richard a knowing smile.

“You’re a better choice than that finicky fop of a nephew of Loring’s,” she commented. “Angela, does your stepfather know you’re here?”

“We have not yet called upon him,” stated Richard crisply.

“Perhaps I should warn you,” began Mrs. Webster slowly, “that Gilles Loring has spread the rumor abroad that Angela took all her mother’s jewelry and ran off with a dissolute nobleman and his doxy. He says he will not prosecute because of his respect for your natural parents, Angela, and will keep up his good stewardship of your estate against the day of your return, a blemished and broken woman, to the home you have dishonored.” Her eyes twinkled as she recited the pompous platitudes in a voice meant to imitate Gilles Loring’s usual style of public utterance. Two of her hearers were not amused. Richard was white with fury at these aspersions upon his future wife’s character. Angela was rigid with shock. Maggie startled everyone with a ringing laugh.

“How surprised good Mr. Loring will be when he finds the prodigal has returned, quite unblemished, to celebrate her wedding in Averly with her parents’ old friends!” She beamed at the dressmaker. “I know I can rely upon you, dear Mrs. Webster, to spread the good news to all and sundry!”

“Why do you not go with Mrs. Webster, Maggie?” suggested Richard. “While she is introducing you to all the ‘all and sundry,’ it will be a fine opportunity to spread the word and invite everybody in the village to our wedding. I shall commission our host here at the inn to provide a collation for everyone. That’s after I’ve spoken to the minister. What’s his name, Angel?” He took the girl’s hand warmly in his, and gave her his special smile.

“The Reverend Quayle. He was Mamma’s friend.”

“Then he will be happy to see Mamma’s daughter married to a man who values her,” said Richard bracingly. “I’ll see him now, and then we’ll go to call upon your stepfather.” He pressed her hand and delivered it to Maggie. “Wear your prettiest hat, love.”

Angela was coaxed into a smile. Richard had returned to the sunken lane and recovered the hat with the violets from the bankside. It reposed securely in its own hatbox in her room at the inn this very moment.

Angela turned to Mrs. Webster. “Will you please come with Miss Bennet and me to call upon Mrs. Bothwell? She was my mother’s dearest friend, and tried to help her just before she died.”

Half an hour later, Richard was back at the inn calling for his carriage and handing Angela into it with a heartening smile and the whispered comment, “You are looking very pretty, Angel! Let us show that old skelpin that Denzil’s daughter is worth two of him!”

Angela understood that Richard was trying to rouse her courage, but she would far rather have had him treat her as a beloved equal than as a timid child who saw a bogle behind every bush, to use some of his own phraseology. Oh, Richard, You do not know what you are risking, either in challenging Gilles Loring or in offering to marry me! The girl’s spirits could hardly get lower, but she set her shoulders and kept a smile on her lips. She even pointed out interesting landscapes and pretty vistas as the carriage wended its way toward Swanholme—and Gilles Loring.





Chapter 16



Danvers’s eyebrows shot up as he opened the door to Richard and Angela. He stepped back nervously.

“Mr. Loring,” requested Richard sternly.

“I’ll just see if the master is free—” began Danvers.

Richard eyed him coldly. “You will inform him that Mr. Richard Bennet of Elsinghurst Village is here with Miss Swann, who will see him for a few minutes in the drawing room. Quickly now,” he prompted, as Danvers seemed frozen to the spot, “we have much to do here in Averly to prepare for Miss Swann’s wedding.”

As Angela led her Scotsman into the drawing room, Danvers beat a hasty retreat.

Within three minutes the door shot open and Gilles Loring strode into the room. Instead of the consternation which Angela had hoped to see on his face, Gilles was grinning broadly. And just beyond him, face alight with leering laughter, came Lord Julian Merrel!

“You have come in good time to greet an acquaintance of yours, Angela!” Loring said gleefully. “Here is Lord Merrel come to tell me a most interesting story! We were, in fact, just leaving to call upon Sir Umphrey Long. Lord Julian intends to swear out a warrant for your arrest, my poor child!” he snickered.

“On what charge?” asked Richard quietly.

“On the charge of having conspired with that bitch Zalie to steal my family jewels,” Merrel answered, with a wide grin. “I warned you, my dear! You really shouldn’t have run away that morning before I was out of bed!”

“But you know I did not rob you!” protested Angela, her face pale. “I have explained again and again how it was!”

“Then you will have no difficulty in explaining once more to Sir Umphrey, will you? Perchance he might believe you!” sneered Loring. “No one else will.”

Richard took the girl’s hand and held it firmly. “Sir Umphrey Long is the local magistrate?” he asked.

“What’s that to you?” mocked Loring. “Do you claim friends with him, also?”

“Why, I intend to go with you,” replied Richard.

“For what purpose?” Loring blustered.

“I intend to swear out a warrant also—against Lord Merrel.”

“What’s this?” interrupted the young nobleman. Gilles shot him a lowering glance, which did not miss Merrel’s air of nervous discomfiture. From his heavy frown, it was obvious that the older man was beginning to have doubts that Merrel had revealed all the pertinent details of his meeting with Loring’s stepdaughter.

It was Loring’s turn to ask, belligerently, “On what charges?”

Richard was maddeningly devious and annoyingly Scottish in his reply to this challenge. “I had better warn ye, gentlemen, that I have already laid an information against yon lordling with oor own maggeestrate, Lord Elsingham of Elsingham Manor. He has advised me that the beeesiness is a verra serious one—eenvolving, at the least, transportation—”

“ ‘Transportation’? But that’s absurd,” began Merrel.

Loring interrupted ruthlessly. “On what charges, damn you?”

Richard appeared to be arranging a long list in his mind. “Stopping my coach upon the King’s Highway; setting a band of hired bravos upon me, my sister and my fiancée; striking me down—that comes under the heading of ‘assault and battery, with intent to do grievous bodily harm’ by the way, Merrel, for which there is a very heavy penalty—robbery . . .”

“I never did so!” shouted Lord Merrel. “You know I only took the girl—”

“You kidnapped my fiancée. That is called abduction,” replied Richard. “The penalty for it is severe.”

“You have no witnesses,” protested Lord Merrel desperately. “Only this chit, who has a bad name in the district already, thanks to this old man’s malicious tongue—”

“My sister is my witness. Miss Margaret Bennet.”

“And who would pay any attention to a farmer’s sister?” sneered Lord Merrel.

“I think Sir Umphrey might well do so, since Margaret Bennet is Lord Elsingham’s old nurse, and is held in love and respect by Lord Elsingham and his wife. Shall we go?” and Richard tucked Angela’s small, cold hand in the crook of his arm, and smiled at the two men.

“Danvers!” bellowed Loring, for once in his life giving way to panic. “Lock the front door and come here to help me restrain this madman!”

“It will be quite unnecessary for you and your minions to use force to restrain me,” said Richard serenely, leading Angela over to a couch and seating himself beside her.

“Why do you say that?” demanded Loring. “Because you are outnumbered? We are three to one.”

“It makes little difference,” said Richard in a soothing manner which further enraged Loring. “Before we set out this morning, I had already told a number of people here in Averly that I have come to marry Miss Angela Swann by special license from the Bishop of Exeter. In fact,” Richard grinned for the first time, “I rather think I have invited the whole village to attend the ceremony, and the reception at the Averly arms which is to follow. Mrs. Bothwell and Mrs. Webster are busily distributing the invitations at this very moment.” He nodded smugly at their dismayed expressions. “Yes, gentlemen—and I use the term loosely—the whole village knows that we are here with you. You cannot hope to hide our presence, or to conceal us in an oubliette!” He smiled at Angela. “When you are ready, my dear, we will go to swear out our warrants.”

“I have already arranged with the Reverend Quayle to marry Angela to my nephew Vivian,” blustered Loring.

“That is very interesting, sir, in view of the fact that you intend to charge your stepdaughter with grand larceny. Do you tell me that—er—Vivian is willing to marry a jailbird? Is he to wed her before or after she goes to jail?” Richard turned to face Lord Merrel. “As for you, sir, I should think you would be better employed in a search for your mother’s jewels and your—friend Zalie, than in persecuting a young girl who has never done you any harm.” His tone contained such icy disapproval that it brought the color up into Lord Merrel’s cheeks.

“My stepdaughter is still a minor,” protested Loring in a last-ditch-effort to save the situation. “I shall never permit her to marry you, you fortune hunter!”

“I shall be happy to prove, to anyone who has the right to inquire, that my circumstances are a good deal sounder than yours, Mr. Gilles Loring—if that is your real name,” smiled Richard. “It might be pertinent at this time to warn you that Lord Elsingham has set in train an investigation into your background. He seems confident that we shall make some interesting discoveries.”

Both men were staring at him with unconcealed alarm. Angela, forgotten for the moment, was regarding her champion with adoring eyes. Loring pulled himself together with an effort.

“Investigating me? Well, I’m prepared for that, young man! I’ll just go to my study and get the papers that will tell Sir Umphrey all he wishes to know about me, and then we shall go to the magistrate together, to swear out our warrants!”

“I say!” gasped Lord Merrel, appalled at this betrayal.

Loring paid him no attention. With a tightish smile he went out into the hallway, closing the door softly behind him.

At once Richard was galvanized into action.

“Show me the way to the stables quickly, Angela! Is there a way from this room?” and he strode over to the French doors which led out onto a terrace.

“Yes! Follow me!” cried the girl, and ran before him through the doors and toward the rear of the house.

When they were in sight of the stables, Richard caught the girl’s arm gently. “Thank you, love,” he said. “Now return to the house at once. Get inside the house and stay there until I get this matter settled.”

“Richard, you must not fight with him!” she pleaded. “He is brutal—vicious! He will not fight you fairly!”

“I have his measure,” soothed Richard, patting her hand, his eyes on the stable. “Go now, my dear. At once.”

Angela went.

Richard turned and ran lightly into the stable. He took up a position in a rear stall out of sight. He did not have long to wait. Within a few minutes he heard swift and stealthy footfalls. Peering over the edge of the stall, he watched a furtive Loring hastily saddling a horse. When he had it ready to ride, Loring strapped a small satchel behind the saddle. When Loring lifted one foot toward the stirrup, Richard strolled casually out.

“Going somewhere?” he asked.

Loring whirled with a curse, glared at the younger man, and then launched himself at his tormentor in a fury of frustration. He was a brutal man, and a vicious one, as Angela had warned, and he tried every dirty trick and low blow in his arsenal, but he found his rough-and-tumble tactics outmatched by the disciplined strength and skill of his young opponent.

For the first few minutes Richard was content to hold his own, testing out the angry man and gauging his power. Then he said, mockingly, “This is a little different from beating a dying woman and a young girl, isn’t it, Loring?” and proceeded coldly to batter him to his knees.

Loring crouched, blood flowing freely from nose and lips, eyes reddening.

“Have you time for a second round before you run away?” jibed Richard.

Loring made no effort to get up, merely shaking his head dully, and resting on hands and knees. When it became obvious that he had no stomach for further punishment, Richard strolled over to the horse and removed the satchel from the saddle.

“I wonder what we have here?” he asked with a narrow smile. “Could it be the loot Angela was charged with stealing?” He broke the lock with his heel.

The satchel was packed with golden guineas, and in a little nest on top was a black velvet bag. Inside that was a tangle of flashing jewels.

“I imagine these belonged to Angela's mother,” said Richard grimly. “I ought to kill you where you stand—oh, but you aren’t standing, are you? Shall I find a whip and punish you as you deserve? Or shall I let you sneak away like the bullying coward that you are, and try to outrace the Runners?” He paused provocatively.

Loring stayed on hands and knees, refusing to face him. Richard moved closer. “You filthy, woman-beating—”

At this last, unbearable insult, Loring flung himself forward to catch Richard below the knees and topple him. But the crafty Scot had been warned. Lifting his knee in a crashing blow, he caught Loring in the face. The man went down in the dirty straw and stayed there.

There was a subdued murmur behind Richard. He whirled to face an admiring audience of grooms and stableboys. “You had better tend to your master,” Richard advised them. “Get him ready for the Bow Street Runners.” He scanned them carefully. “Miss Angela will be returning here, after her marriage, to decide what she wishes to do about her estate. Any of you who have—problems with the law would be advised to vacate premises while you have the chance.”

The big man strode away, the satchel under his arm, whistling between his teeth.





Chapter 17



When Richard strolled into the drawing room at Swanholme a few minutes later, he found Angela there alone, seated and looking anxious. His gaze was warmly intent upon her small figure.

“Has oor braw laird awa’ an’ left us, then?” he drawled.

Angela's wide eyes reflected the radiant smile which lit her face at sight of him. “Oh, Richard!” she said, without much originality or even relevance.

Richard, looking smug, seemed to feel that her comment was quite satisfactory. “Do you suppose you might find it in you to offer—er—aid and comfort to your champion?” he teased.

Angela tried to gather her scattered wits. She knew she was behaving like a moonling, besotted over this virile man with the devastating charm. Slowly, she got up and walked into his arms.

Richard bent his head, kissed her gently, and then grinned at her. “Satisfactory, under the circumstances,” he said. “Loring is on his way, but before he left, he—returned some things he’d taken. Your mother’s jewelry and quite a number of guineas,” he explained. When the girl showed no interest in anything but his countenance, he quirked an eyebrow and pulled her into a closer embrace.

“My dear wee Angel,” he said very softly, “I really canna promise to behave ma’sel’ if ye perseest in giein’ me that come-hither look! And what would the neighbors think, wi’ us not to be hitched ’til tomorrow?” He kissed her with a fervor quite unlike the gentleness of his teasing. Angela gave herself up to the delight of it, responding with an ardent sweetness which brought a deeper glow to the Scotsman’s eyes.

Fortunately for les convenances, there was a determined tattoo upon the front door knocker at this point. In a moment Danvers entered the drawing room to announce, “Mrs. Bothwell, Miss Bennet, the Reverend Quayle!”

Maggie pushed past him and hurried into the room. Then she saw Angela in Richard’s arms. “Oh!” said Miss Bennet, and a wide smile replaced the grim expression upon her face.

Mrs. Bothwell also took the situation in at a glance. “So this is Angela's intended?” she asked. After one searching glance she too smiled widely. “Marian would be so pleased,” she sighed.

The Reverend Quayle peered bewilderedly from the entwined couple to the ladies who had rushed him here so urgently. “I am not sure I quite understand,” he began.

Reluctantly Richard took his arms away from Angela's soft, warm body. “I’m no’ so sure I ken all the ins-and-oots ma’sel’, sir,” he said happily, “but och, man! It’s a bonnie feelin’!”

“Richard!” rebuked Maggie. “This is the Reverend Quayle! I am sure you have something important to ask of him!”

But the Reverend Quayle, while conventional and not very quick on the uptake, was a man of learning and some wit. “How old are you, Mr. Bennet?” he asked mildly.

Richard turned startled eyes on him. “I’m thirty-two, sir,” he said, and then, smiling, “Quite old enough to enter the holy estate, I assure you!”

“I was thinking of a comment of Dr. Samuel Johnson’s, concerning Lord Mansfield, a Scotsman educated in England,” the Reverend Quayle elucidated with scholarly relish. “He said, ‘Much may be made of a Scotchman, if he be caught young,’ ” and the good cleric beamed at their delighted laughter.

“Ay, Ah’m caught for sure,” gloomed Richard. “There’s naught for it but to get leg-shackled this very day! Since ah was persuadit to secure a special license, an’ a’ that, Ah canna see hoo ah’m ta wiggle oot!”

Angela put a small, possessive hand on his arm. “I shall never let you get away, Richard,” she said adoringly. “You are my true knight.”

“Och, the lassie’s daft!” chuckled the big fellow, taking her back into his arms to the satisfaction of all beholders. “ ’Tis plain some body must take care o’ the puir bedazzled girl—and I canna permit anyone but masel’ to do the task properly!”





Chapter 18



And so they were married, Richard Bennet and his Angel, in the little church which had seen the marriage of Denzil Swann and Marian. The ancient building was packed. Latecomers were clustered around the doors and at those windows which were not glazed with stained glass. Maggie Bennet, a small sturdy tower of strength, unexpectedly elegant in silver-gray taffeta, stood beside Angela. At Richard’s shoulder, Lord Elsingham acted as his neighbor’s best man, and the beautiful Lady Elsingham adorned the pew set aside for Friends of the Groom.

Thanks to a determined—and delighted—Mrs. Webster, Angela was a dream bride in white silk and lace which clung gently to her softly curved young body. Mrs. Bothwell had requested permission, gratefully given by Angela, to search among the boxes in the attics at Swanholme for the veil which Marian had worn for her wedding. It was exquisitely beautiful, and fell softly over the bride’s shining dark hair. It also served as a screen to protect Angela from the curious or critical stares which she dreaded. Gilles Loring’s venom had been spread widely in the district, and the girl feared there might be many who would condemn such a contemptible creature as he had made her out to be.

She need not have worried. Richard and Lord Elsingham had visited the local squires in the three days before the wedding, explaining Loring’s defalcations and subsequent flight at the threat of the investigation Lord Elsingham had set in train. With the hasty departure of Gilles and most of his servants, the good folk of the district were eager to admit that they had had their suspicions of Loring. The men especially showed themselves resentful of Gilles’s deception. Even a few high sticklers, who had been heard to declare themselves unwilling to give countenance to that runaway female and her farmer, persuaded each other it was their social duty to prove to the Elsinghams that not everyone in the neighborhood was as ramshackle as the Swanns and Loring. Added to this, Mrs. Bothwell and Lady Elsingham made a powerful duo of sponsors for the girl whom most people began to remember as a charming child.

When Angela had visited her mother’s grave the day before the wedding, she had been surprised and deeply moved to find it decked with beautiful blossoms. She accepted the gesture gratefully as an acknowledgment of regret for the unhappiness Marian Swann had suffered with her cruel second husband.

But today, looking up through her filmy veil at the huge, sturdy Scotsman beside her, Angela felt a surge of pure joy so powerful that it made her dizzy. She would do her utmost to make him happy. If only she knew what he wanted of her . . . but surely he would instruct her? She smiled up at Richard with such sweetness that he caught his breath, and the hand which held hers tightened and then trembled before he released her own small palm.

At this point Richard, who had discovered what he had to do from a most reliable source, launched into his carefully planned program. As his mentor beamed sentimentally from her excellent vantage point in the first row, friends of the Bride, position, Richard bent, lifted the delicate veil with reverent fingers, and taking his new bride into his arms with manly decisiveness, possessed himself of her lips.

Angela, who had not had the benefit of professional advice on ceremonial behavior, at first widened her eyes in surprise and then dropped her eyelids and accepted blissfully the pressure of Richard’s warm, firm lips with reciprocal enthusiasm. Richard had not counted upon the effect of this cooperation. His own eyes, half closed in pleasant bemusement, shot open as wide as Angela's had originally done, and then sought the admiring gaze of Mrs. Webster with some alarm.

“Surely not in front of the whole congregation?” his startled glance seemed to inquire.

Mrs. Webster’s nod reassured him, and marveling at the license of this permissive age, Richard Bennet settled in for a pleasant interlude. A certain restiveness in the congregation finally brought him back to earth, and he released the girl reluctantly and turned her to walk up the aisle with him.

Mrs. Webster wiped a tear of pleasure from her eye as she recalled the visit this fine upstanding fellow had paid her the previous day.

“I have come to thank you for your goodness to Angela,” he began.

When Mrs. Webster protested that she devoutly wished she had had enough sense to do more for poor Mrs. Loring and for Miss Angela when they were so desperately unhappy, Richard told her he had heard of her quick thinking in providing paper money the girl could conceal about her person, which enabled her to make her escape from the intolerable situation in which she found herself.

“It is plain to me that only your good self, Mrs. Webster, and Old Beamish, did anything at all to help my dear lass in her desperate plight, and you have my undying gratitude for it!” He collected his poise and continued in a less fervent tone, “You will understand why I do not intend to take our honeymoon at Swanholme. Angela's birthplace has become a place of torment to her. In time, I hope that those dark memories will fade, and she will wish to revisit Averly. In the meantime, Lord Elsingham is providing us with the services of one of his own men as bailiff of the estate. He will hire staff enough to keep the house and property in good heart. But it was not,” Richard went on, touching an immaculate handkerchief to a forehead obviously moist, “to weary you with such tedious business that I requested this interview, Mrs. Webster, but to consult you as a dear friend to Angela upon a—” he held onto his calm with an effort, “—a delicate matter.”

The admiring female, already under the spell of so much braw Scottish manhood and charm, was understood to say that she would be honored to assist Mr. Bennet in any way.

Relieved at this first hurdle successfully negotiated, the man gave her his best smile. “You must be aware that I am no London Beau, full of nous and worldly knowledge. I need help, ma’am! I would not frighten or disgust my darling girl. Can you tell me how young women wish a new husband to behave?”

Mrs. Webster’s mouth fell open and she was momentarily deprived of speech.

Richard did not seem aware of her surprise. He continued, frowning soberly, “I would not wish Angela to be deprived of any distinguishing notice or customary attentions, but you must understand I have been a guest at very few weddings, and while there, have paid too little heed to those small details which might be valued by—by the bride.” He smiled tentatively at Mrs. Webster. “I should like to make the occasion a perfect one for Angela—and I am not sure, that is . . .” for all this determination, Richard was running out of courage.

Mrs. Webster, rapidly recovering from shock, said a little vaguely, “Oh, those details,” and made haste to supply him with as much information as her romantic nature could provide. “Well, first, you must turn to look at her as she comes down the aisle to the front of the church,” she began. “It is not properly done, but shows you are so eager to see her that you defy convention.”

“Do you tell me there are bridegrooms who do not turn to make sure the girl is coming?” marveled Richard. “I should not wish to miss the sight of Angela at such a moment!”

Mrs. Webster agreed heartily. “Then, at the end of the ceremony, you must lift the veil and kiss her—”

“In front of everyone?” demanded Richard. “This is acceptable in the kirk?”

Mrs. Webster brushed puritanical notions aside airily. “The kiss must not be too short, or perfunctory, lest it indicate that you really are not pleased with your new wife. On the other hand, it should not be so lengthy or ardent as to embarrass the guests—or the bride.”

Richard dutifully took out a small notebook. “How long would that be?” he inquired practically. “Is there a rule?” Then he grinned. “I had better warn Lord Elsingham to give me a nudge, for if I’m left to my own devices I may forget to stop.”

Pleased by, but correctly ignoring, this levity, Mrs. Webster went on, “Then there is the reception, afterward,” she said, warming to her task. “You’ll be expected to stay near her, see that she gets some nourishing food to give her strength for—that is, see that she eats.” She hurried on, trying to ignore the devilish twinkle in Richard’s eyes. “You’ll be expected to answer the toast to your bride, and have a couple of easy phrases prepared to thank all your well-wishers as they go past you to offer their congratulations. Usually just thank you, or you are so kind, or so good of you to come, will suffice. After all, one does not expect a bridegroom to be making fulsome speeches.”

All this was being jotted down in Richard’s notebook. “How long do we have to dawdle about—that is, what is the usual length of the reception? Should I not be showing some manly eagerness to bear off my prize?” And again that devilish twinkle delighted his mentor.

“You must remain at least until everyone has eaten and has had a chance to offer you congratulations,” she advised him. “Then you slip away and change into traveling clothes, and meet your bride in the front hallway—in this case, at the front door of the inn—where you receive final good wishes as you enter your carriage and drive away.”

“I think I can manage that,” mused Richard, eyeing the woman speculatively. “You have been so kind, Mrs. Webster, and I am deeply grateful. There’s just one thing more. Can you tell me anything I should know about what a woman expects of a new husband, for och! I’d like fine to make it a perfect time for my Angel.” Dark red color was in the man’s cheeks, and his eyes, though steady on hers, were almost glazed.

Mrs. Webster stared at him, torn between embarrassment and admiration. At length she said quietly, “With the care you have shown that this should be a happy experience for Miss Angela, I am sure you’ll make a gentle and loving bridegroom. Bless you, Mr. Bennet—follow your heart’s prompting! I’m thinking Angela is a lucky girl.”

With this encouragement, Richard took his leave of his kind mentor. “I was all about in my head to think the village sempstress could instruct me,” he told himself, “and I’m damned if I’ll ask Lord Elsingham! So, Angela darling, I’m afraid you’ll have to put up with a novice at this most important time—and we’ll both do our best to make it perfect. I’ve no doubt it may take practice!” and at that provocative thought, the man grinned with sudden delight.





It seemed to Richard, the next day at the inn, that the wedding reception would never end. So many of the important families had come to hobnob with the Elsinghams, and they offered so many toasts to Denzil Swann’s daughter, that Richard was afraid he would be too tipsy to drive his bride to the place he had in mind for their honeymoon. But at length the last toast was offered and honored, the goodies demolished, and the musicians persuaded to abandon classical airs and play melodies suitable for dancing. The older folk were ready to withdraw. Angela had been helped to change by Maggie and Mrs. Bothwell. The latter now took her leave with a warm kiss upon the girl’s cheek. Maggie came to stand before her new sister-in-law.

“My dear,” she said gently, “I canna think of any woman in the world I’d rather welcome to our family than your sweet self. Make him a loving wife, Angela, for he’s a good man and will hold to you all the days of his life.” She hugged Angela and went quietly ahead of her out the door.

Looking enchantingly pretty in her violet hat and a traveling dress in the same soft color, the gift of Mrs. Webster, Angela went down the stairway to the front hall. She could see Richard standing by the open door, very dashing in his skintight buckskins and a coat as blue as his eyes, and beyond his rugged form the outline of the shining curricle with two dapple-gray horses. As he caught sight of his new wife, Richard’s face broke a wide, involuntary smile, and his blue eyes sparkled.

Then they were out the door in a flurry of good wishes and flower petals—a charming idea of Lady Elsingham’s. Richard boosted his wife easily up into the seat and tucked a light robe over her knees. Then he mounted beside her and took the reins from the grinning hostler. With a final wave, they were away.

Angela caught her breath. “Maggie—Is she not to come with us?”

“On our honeymoon, my dearest Angel? I do not think it is quite comme il faut,” teased Richard.

Angela, blushing, cast a sideways look at him and was, as had become her wont, quite overcome at the manly beauty of his face and figure. After a small silence she asked shyly, “Where do we go, Richard?”

“We are going home, Mrs. Bennet,” her husband told her. “Since I expect us to live there for the rest of our lives, I would like to make the place pleasant and attractive to you. And I cannot imagine,” he said softly, “a more wonderful memory to beautify our home than that of our honeymoon. We shall be quite alone in the house. Maggie is to be a guest of the Elsinghams at the Manor; Daisy and the other maids will stay with their parents, and come in only when we send for them to clean the house and make our meals. Of course I shall make your breakfast ever morning.”

This pronouncement served its purpose of making Angela laugh. “Can you cook?” she asked, a little breathless at the thought of being alone with Richard.

“Do you doubt it?” teased her husband, and then, sobering, he reached out and caught her hand in his big one. “Oh, Angela, my very dear,” he said softly, “I want so much to be alone with you! Is that what you wish also, my wife?”

Her cheeks ablaze, the girl met his eyes steadily. “Yes, dearest Richard, I want it above all things.”

“You will not be afraid?” questioned the man.

“Of you?” Angela smiled at him.

Richard caught his breath at the radiance in her face. After a pause he said, “I hope I can wait to get you home. I want so much to hold you in my arms—very close.”

“Yes,” agreed Angela. “Oh, yes!”

By dint of pushing the grays very hard, and not stopping for a dinner which neither of them wanted, the newly wedded couple reached Bennet Farm before midnight. Richard, relinquishing the reins to a welcoming groom, led his bride to the front door of the moonlit house.

“Now I carry you over the threshold of your new home, my bonny dear. It is the custom.”

Angela lifted her arms and clasped them around his neck as he caught her up against his broad chest. A lamp burned in the hallway, and the house welcomed them with the scent of flowers.

Kicking the front door shut behind him, Richard carried her up the stairs to his bedroom, where again flowers sweetened the air. “Are you hungry? Shall I make you some tea?” he asked as he set her on her feet by the great bed.

“No, thank you, Richard. I—I am tired.”

“Too tired, my love? Would you prefer I did not make love to you tonight? I would have our first time together to be perfect for you.”

Angela looked up into his beloved face with honest yes. “To be with you is what I wish for. I dote upon you, Richard. I am in your hands.”

The man laughed joyously and came to stand beside her. He took her firmly into his arms. “Once I said that with your innocence and my abstinence, it was as if the blind led the blind. But you, my own true love, have given me my sight.” He kissed her with tenderness and passion, then lifted his head and regarded her glowing little face with the wicked twinkle she adored in his bright blue eyes.

“Beloved,” he said, “I must tell you I have been giving this matter considerable thought. It has occurred to me that our First Ancestors could have had no rules to follow, no precedents to guide them, no manual of instructions. And what Adam could do, a Scotsman can surely do as well!”

“Better, I am sure!” affirmed Richard’s Eve, and gave herself into his adoring embrace.





A DELICATE SITUATION





Elizabeth Chater





For Marilyn, Pat, Carol, and Helen





Table of Contents A Delicate Situation

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19





Chapter 1



Miss Thalia Temple, unlike every other passenger in the Accommodation coach with her, was enjoying her journey. It was a habit with Tally to enjoy her life. Not that she had made a decision to do in cold blood. No, indeed! It was her bright, outgoing, cheerful nature to enter upon every day and each new experience as though it were the most delightful adventure. Perhaps her thick, shining golden hair, soft brown eyes, and pretty smile set with two dimples won for her a pleasant acceptance in situations most persons would have found uncomfortable or even disastrous. For example, an experience such as the trip just completed from Bath to Exeter. As the passengers disgorged themselves from the coach in the early dawn, a more miserable lot it would have been difficult to discover. Tired, pallid, travel-queasy, they straggled into the Jolly Roger Inn seeking sustenance and comfort.

Tally, bright-eyed and fresher than would seem possible after the dreadful night, came up behind a drooping young mother who was striving to soothe her wailing infant.

“Do let me hold Susan, ma’am,” she suggested. “Get yourself freshened up. I’ll order a cup of coffee for us both, and warm milk for Baby. Yes, do go!” she urged firmly. “I’ll meet you in the Common Room in a few minutes.”

With a persuasive smile she nodded toward the inn. The weary mother gratefully transferred the child to Tally’s arms and went into the spacious entry hall. Tally settled the baby neatly in one arm and made her way purposefully toward the Common.

The infant, whether astonished by its new carrier or soothed by so much firmness and beauty, abruptly stopped its feeble wail and began to make sucking noises. Tally’s delicious laugh gurgled softly, and her face was lit by a tender smile.

An inadvertent witness to this scene was a tall, handsome man in a modish coat, burnished top boots, skintight buckskins, and a truly dashing topper. He had been observing the grubby passengers disembarking from the coach with a clearly supercilious eye, but the little byplay had piqued his interest. As the beautiful young woman approached his vantage point, some willful impulse moved the gentleman to step in front of her, blocking her passage effectively. Thus Tally found herself confronting a natty waistcoat rather than the open doorway she had made her goal.

Large brown eyes raised a good fourteen inches to survey the face above this unexpected obstacle. Girl and man gave one another a careful survey. Tally saw a remarkably handsome face, strong, dark-browed, and capped with shining dark hair under the dashingly angled topper. Keen gray eyes were making a slow, insolent scrutiny of her face and person. As the girl’s color rose at this impertinence, a smile of mocking amusement tugged at the corners of a beautifully cut mouth.

“You are blocking the entrance, sir,” Tally said crisply. Her voice was low and clear; her enunciation placed her in the class of educated and genteel persons.

The gentleman took a closer look. Observing her very appropriate and elegant traveling costume, he asked himself what such a charmer was doing in a public conveyance, and offering to hold the other girl’s squalling infant to boot?

Tally had had enough of the young buck’s insolence. “You will allow me to pass at once, sirrah, or I shall see you suffer for your impertinence.”

In all of is privileged life, Lord Philip Sandron, the Baron Sandroval and Estes, had never been treated to quite such a look of icy condemnation. Beautiful ladies of his own class were wont to greet him with charming smiles and teasing allure, for his fortune was enormous and his title older and more respected than many a ducal name. So at this quelling setdown from an unknown chit of a female, Lord Philip raised an arrogant eyebrow.

“And who is to make me suffer?” he asked silkily. He made an elaborate scan of the immediate vicinity for possible defenders or knights errant, then returned his glance to the girl. “You?”

He had not thought that soft brown eyes could flash so fiercely, then narrow with such sharp intent. “You will not remove yourself?” came the quiet challenge.

Lord Philip thought quickly. This encounter was not shaping as he might have expected. Mentally he cursed himself for the willful impulse which had led him to obstruct the chit’s passage. He could step aside and forget the whole incident. But a demon in his nature prodded him to uncharacteristic action. Or perhaps it was the lack of the flattering response he had come to expect from this young woman.

“I am enjoying the view from here,” he said with a taunting grin.

“Here, take the child,” commanded the girl, thrusting the infant at him.

In a reflex action which was quite involuntary, Lord Philip caught the baby gingerly in both hands. Keeping one of her own hands a few inches below his, Tally knocked his hat off with the other. As he made a snatch, again involuntary, to save it, the girl neatly removed the baby from his loosened grasp and pushed past him into the inn.

An ostler who had observed the whole incident uttered a snort of laughter. Retrieving his hat from the muddy paving stones, Philip turned upon the wretched groom with a snarl. And then his expression changed. A wide grin replaced the snarl, and he threw back his head and joined in the laugh.

“Had ye there, diden’ she, Guv?” jibed the ostler.

“A most capable and determined female,” agreed his lordship, the grin fading into a thoughtful expression. And I was an arrogant and insolent lout, he told himself. The girl handled me very neatly, with the minimum of violence. Should I seek her out and apologize? With a sense of shock it occurred to him that so far in his much-flattered existence there had risen no situation in which he had felt it necessary to offer an apology. He was still surprised at his own uncharacteristic discourtesy in blocking the girl at the doorway. The incident was beginning to assume a strange quality which startled and intrigued him. Casually brushing the mud from his hat, Lord Philip strolled into the Jolly Roger.

The girl was in the Ordinary, talking to the host’s wife. The latter was cooing over the infant with that besotted look females get. Lord Philip changed his mind about approaching the girl under such public circumstances. He took a seat near the hall doorway. As was usual, a servant came almost immediately to him to request his pleasure.

“A glass of your best wine, if you please. I am waiting to have a fresh team set to, and shall not have time for a meal.”

“Yes, sir, right away, sir!” The waiter ran off and returned quickly with the wine. Lord Philip tossed him a coin, his eyes returning immediately to the girl, who was no ensconced at a table near a window, feeding the baby with sips of milk from a small spoon. Within a few moments his lordship’s groom was at his shoulder, announcing that the horses were put to. His lordship waved him away.

“Walk them till I come.”

The groom, whose name was Abbent, nodded and went back to the innyard, having first cast a knowing glance around the room to spot whatever charmer had engaged his lordship’s fastidious attention. There was only one real Dasher, Abbent estimated, but since she was busy feeding a nipper, it could hardly be her the master was stalking.

At this moment the child’s mother came hesitantly into the Ordinary. She saw her child and the beautiful girl at once, and made her way among the long tables to come to them. With a few serious words and a dazzling smile, the Dasher arose and transferred the baby to its mother. Then she made her way toward the door.

Lord Philip, in the grip of a strange compulsion, rose, and grimly set himself in her way.

Big brown eyes, twinkling with amusement, lifted to meet his hard gray glance.

“Not again!” she said softly, with both dimples showing.

“Wish to offer my apologies, Ma’am,” said Lord Philip stiffly.

“Now that,” said the chit, regarding him with mirthful eyes, “Is handsomely done! I do hope your very modish chapeau is none the worse for its—tumble?”

A reluctant grin made human the stern expression on his lordship’s face. He stood aside, making the elegant bow for which he was so admired at Almack’s. Giving her a smile which brought roses to her cheeks, he said softly, “Better go while you still have the chance, Circe!—Or should I call you Parthenope—lest you, too, find yourself in deep water!”

If he had sought to disconcert the girl with his reference to the siren who drowned herself at the escape of the hero Odysseus, he was far out.

“But Odysseus didn’t escape me!” flashed back the chit. “I knocked his hat off and let him go!”

Admiration lightened the man’s expression as he bowed again. “A classicist, no less!” he murmured. “Well, little Miss Bluestocking, however you came to learn of the siren’s myth, may I advise you that your teachers would not approve of your knocking a gentleman’s hat off in public?”

Slipping neatly to one side of him, the girl murmured, “Gentleman?” and then was gone from the inn.

Checkmate, admitted the nobleman, staring after the charming figure with a reluctant smile.





Chapter 2



The stagecoach from Bath pulled up before the George and Horse Inn at Crofton to discharge a single passenger. This was a young lady of really remarkable good looks, and her descent from the vehicle was marked by a chorus of farewells from the remaining passengers. Even the guard, a surly fellow whose bad humor was caused by the coachman’s desire to break the record from Bath to London, with the resultant hideous jolting and careening of the coach upon the poor roads, gave a brief smile at the thanks this particular passenger was expressing for his help in unloading her luggage, and condescended to stretch down a hand to accept the vail she was holding up to him after he had remounted.

He nearly dropped the coin as the aspiring Jehu cracked the whip and set the stage in motion almost before his fellow worker had recovered his seat and his equilibrium.

Tally Temple chuckled at the shouts of outrage wafted back to her ears. Then, with a deep breath of anticipation, she turned toward the inn to look for her father. In a moment she had caught sight of a silver-haired head in one of the inn’s small-paned bow windows, bent as usual over a book. Smiling maternally, Tally picked up her two heavy portmanteaus from the roadside where the guard had tossed them, and struggled with them toward the inn.

“May I leave these here until I meet my father?” she asked of a buxom dame who was watching her approach with some suspicion.

“Who is yer father?” countered the landlord’s wife.

Tally cocked her golden curls toward the oblivious figure in the bow window. “He is Professor Temple, tutor for Squire Dade’s sons,” explained Tally.

The lady sniffed, but moved aside to permit the girl to deposit her luggage just inside the wide doorway.

“Mr. Temple,” said the woman heavily, “is in the bar-parlor. Reading.”

“But of course,” agreed Tally with a chuckle. “I have seldom seen him doing anything else.”

She ran lightly into the shadowy room and bent to bestow a kiss upon the top of her father’s shining hair. He looked up, recognized her, and said with a sweet smile. “You must listen to this, my dear! The most amusing comment—!” He intoned a line in Latin.

“Papa! You are not going to welcome the daughter you have not seen for four years by reading to her from—from—” She leaned over and peered at the book her father held—“from Ovid! Papa! How very shocking of you!”

Jocelyn Temple was startled. “But it is his Ars Amatoria, Thalia. The Art of Love. So witty! Some rather rigid moralists find it distressing. It is my own opinion that Ovid was actually satirizing the loose amorality of the Roman nobility, rather than advising them how to be expert in seduction.” His eyes returned to the book. “Some passages have a regrettable crudity, of course, but it is the rude familiarity of one’s barber rather than that of an elegant gamesman.” His voice trailed off, “No educated adult could find this a real menace to morality.”

“Well, as an educated adult, I should prefer a fatherly embrace and some urgent demands to hear of my adventures since I saw you last,” smiled his daughter, slipping the book carefully from his grasp and bending to kiss his cheek. “Now, dear Papa, let us proceed to whatever vehicle you have secured for our transport, and hie us to Dade House before starvation quite incapacitates us!”

Smiling his pleasure at her company, but looking a little bewildered by the situation, Mr. Temple said vaguely, “Vehicle? Let me see . . . are we going somewhere, my dear?”

“Oh, Papa,” The girl shook her head at him, but her own brown eyes were soft with affection. “You are to bring me to Squire Dade’s home, where you have received permission for me to have a room and act as governess to his young daughters. You cannot have forgotten? Oh, Gemini! Do not tell me you have not arranged it?” She gave her absent-minded Papa a look of loving exasperation.

“A room? By Jove, Thalia, you are right!” The gentle, austerely handsome visage lightened with a smile. “Squire Dade’s good lady has graciously permitted me to invite you to live with the family!”

(Which, thought Tally sardonically, is not too bountiful a gesture, since she is getting a highly trained governess for her children without offering a single farthing of remuneration! Well, I shall have to see!)

Her father’s gentle voice was continuing. “I have not seen your quarters, dear child, but my own are adequate, so I would assume that yours will be so.” He gave her a gentle hug, whose tenderness brought tears to the girl’s lovely eyes. “You are so much like your beautiful Mama, my dear!” He sighed. “Now where can your luggage have got to? We really must be off! Mrs. Dade will think we are lost. She most graciously allowed me the use of a vehicle to fetch you.”

Within a few moments father and daughter were seated within an unfashionable weatherbeaten gig, drawn by the most melancholy horse Tally had ever seen. The girl’s portmanteau made a fine resting place for her small feet. She smiled as she stared around her and breathed deeply of the fragrant country air.

“Now you must tell me how the Fates have dealt with you since last we met, Father,” she said with a demurely provocative face. “Then, in turn, I shall open my budget to you, and before the cat can lick her ear—” she chuckled.

“Thalia, my dearest child!” protested her father as she had mischievously anticipated. He was wearing the closest thing to a boyish grin she had ever seen upon his scholarly face. “ ‘Open the budget . . . cat can lick her ear’! Is it for this cottage phraseology that I have kept you at Miss Enderby’s very expensive seminary for goodness knows how long?”

“Ten years,” Tally answered his remark succinctly. “And before that, two years at the Dame’s School for the Children of Scholars.”

“Has it indeed been as much?” queried Jocelyn Temple sadly. “I fear I have been a most inadequate parent, my dear Thalia, have I not? But when your mother died so young, there seemed to be no way I could care for you alone. I—I did write to you, did I not?”

Tally chuckled. “Several times a year—such scholarly screeds that I could use parts of them, in these later years, for the essays Miss Enderby required of senior students.”

Jocelyn shook his silver head, but whether in censure of his daughter’s behavior or of his own it was not clear.

“But you did make sure to visit me every Christmas, dearest.” The girl soothed his evident condemnation of his lack of parental affection. To distract him, she began to tell him about some of her escapades and exploits at Miss Enderby’s Select Seminary for Young Gentlewoman. She spoke in so lively a manner that she soon had him laughing with her, and even recounting a lark or two of his own Oxford days. Thus, in pleasant converse, father and daughter came to Dade Hall.

It was not an impressive manor house, having been but recently built—but within the last twenty years, in fact—by the nouveau riche parent of the present Squire Henry Dade. The founder of the family had not engaged a gifted architect to design him a Palladian mansion, nor indeed, anything which might be distinguished as Architecture; but had settled for a heavy brick house, foursquare and homely, set in the exact center of a small acreage. Tally sighed as the gig approached the huge box. She had had hopes of an interesting or possibly even an historic structure.

To her surprise, her father did not pull up in front of the heavy front portal, set without roof or shelter in the center of the front elevation, but drove around to the rear, where, at a sensible distance from the house, clustered a solid stable and barns. Dubiously the girl eyed her portmanteaus, her light slippers, and the distance across a cobbled stable yard to the back door of the house.

“Are we to walk from here, Papa?” she asked. “My portmanteaus are really too heavy for either of us to carry so far.”

“What have you brought in them, to make them so heavy?” teased her father, but with real interest. “Could it be—books?”

“Oh, my dear,” gurgled Tally. “Surely you will have enough of them? Do you never think of anything else?”

Thus adjured, her father wrinkled his lofty brow beneath the shining hair. “Why, I must do, child.” He came out finally. “I remembered to pick you up at the inn, did I not?”

“So you did, dearest,” agreed the girl, controlling her amusement. “And as a reward, I have brought you—a few books!” Which had cost almost all the pocket money she had been allowed by Miss Enderby, whose substantial bills Tally knew took all her father’s meager salary as tutor to the Dade youths, as well as some of his dwindling patrimony as a third son. Often Tally had yearned to buy such pretty clothes as adorned most of her classmates, but she had realized that, with her limited funds, she was wise to stick to simple dark woolens and, in the warmer weather, muslins and cottons in subdued colors or white. Her plain and limited wardrobe had never served to disguise her rare beauty, but it kept all but the most envious of her schoolmates from actively hating her for it. And when her French teacher, Madame Doriot, whose Gallic temperament was unable to endure the sight of so much loveliness so humbly adorned, offered to instruct her in the mysteries of dressmaking, Tally accepted with delight—and found a new talent which became increasingly useful.

By this time Mr. Temple had relinquished the reins to a stableboy, and, hefting one of Tally’s portmanteaus, led the way to the house. It quite irked his daughter to see the distinguished scholar trudging in at the back door, but the obviously affectionate respect with which he was greeted by Cook and her two maids did much to restore the tone of her mind. Professor Temple paused courteously to introduce the servants to his daughter, and made a gentle compliment upon the excellence of the cuisine which she would be privileged to sample in the ensuing months. This compliment brought an immediate offer of tea, which was gratefully accepted.

Tally began to revise her first rather unfavorable estimate of Dade Hall. When the stableboy, grinning, came into the kitchen with the second portmanteau, and offered to bustle them both up to Miss’s room, she found herself in charity with the Dades, house and household. This cheerful attitude lasted until a little maid named Piety, accompanied by the stableboy, Alfred, escorted her to a poky room at the top of the house. Scarcely more than a large closet, this room was crowded by a truckle bed, a commode with wash basin, ewer and chamber pot, and a row of nails for the hanging of garments. Its one saving grace was the single window which looked out upon a pleasant vista of neat fields, a distant church spire rising above trees, and a great house set upon a remote hilltop.

The presence of Piety and Alfred beside her crowded the room uncomfortably. Tally had just opened her mouth to ask if there could have been a mistake when she noted Piety’s eyes upon the spread over the bed. It was a spot of warm color in the tiny room.

“Your Pa sent me here with that before he set out this mornin’. Seems he’d ordered it from Addie Jenks for your birthday, an’ then forgot to send it.” She grinned. “Addie was mad when she found out he hadn’t sent it. She wanted all them fine young leddies to see ’er work.”

All three dissolved into giggles. It warmed Tally’s heart to see that her absent-minded parent had such tolerant admirers. She sent off the surprised and gratified Alfred with thanks and a couple of pence, and was about to do the same with Piety when the girl closed the door conspiratorially, bent her head in its mobcap close to Tally, and whispered, “You want to watch out for ’em, Miss. The whole family, I means. Missus is a tartar, an’ Squire’s as cold as ice for all he talks so hearty. But the worst is Master Rafe. Young Josh ain’t so bad, just rumbustious, but Rafe is a mean one. ’E pinches!”

“Does he indeed?” asked Tally militantly. “And what happens when you pinch back?”

Piety drew a shocked breath. “We never would, Miss! ’Twould be as much as our place was worth!”

“Master Rafe had better not try his nasty little tricks upon me!” promised Tally. “I’ll box his bullying ears for him!”

The little maid gave a scandalized gasp. “’E’s seventeen years old an’ built like a bull!”

Tally’s face sobered. “One of those,” she said reflexively. Miss Enderby’s Select Seminary had housed no male bullies, or in fact any males at all, but her pupils were far from stupid and were, moreover, quite observant. They had seen blustering and brutal men during their escorted walks through Bath, and had even discussed ways to avoid or deal with such creatures if encountered. But what was possible for a genteel young lady protected by a wealthy or prestigious family would not be so simple for a young female in a subservient position in the creature’s own home. Then an idea came to her.

“How does my father handle this nasty youth?”

Piety could not meet her eyes. “Master Rafe ain’t . . . that is, he don’t bother wi’ lessons much, Miss. ’E’s off ridin’ them great ’orses, or shootin’ with ’is Pa, or hangin’ about in the tavern. Mr. Temple don’t seem to know Master Rafe ain’t there. An’ young Josh ain’t in the schoolroom very much of late.”

This information put a decidedly unpleasant complexion on her father’s position in the Dade household, and, by extension, her own. “What does Squire Dade say when his sons play least-in-sight?” she asked the maid.

“He don’t seem to care. Ever since your Pa told him the boys would never get into Oxford, Squire’s been sayin’ it’s all bookish nonsense, anyway, an’ he’s glad the boys ’ave grown to be real men, not molly-mops.”

“But then,” said Tally with dismay, “if his pupils have grown beyond his instruction, what does my father do to earn his keep?”

Piety looked embarrassed. “Mr. Reeby—that’s the butler—says Mr. Temple’s to be let to stay on for no wages as long as you learn the girls—”

“Teach the girls,” corrected Tally gently, but she was thinking hard. Her father would probably prefer not to have to wrestle with a pair of cloddish youths. In fact, he would most likely forget that that had been his reason for being in this household—as long as he had his books and was permitted to read them. If she, therefore, could make a success of teaching the girls, she could furnish her father with a quiet haven as long as her job lasted. And surely, for her salary, however meager, she could save enough to keep herself and her father until she secured another position? With a little lightening of spirit she smiled at her young intelligencer.

“That’s all right, then! I’ll just teach the girls and the Squire will pay me the salary. Perhaps not as much as he has had to give a scholar like my father, but—”

“Reeby says you ain’t to get any salary,” Piety informed her dolefully. “Jus’ board an’ room for yourself and your Pa. As long as you don’t run afoul of Mistress or the boys.”

This was sobering news indeed. The wretched little room seemed like a haven now, and her driving purpose must be to keep its low ceiling over her head until she could make some better arrangement. Putting her hand into her reticule, she drew out tuppence for Piety. The girl hesitated.

“Happen you’d best save what ye got, Miss,” she advised. “If ye could learn me to write me name . . . an’ mayhap figger a little, so I c’d make change at the shops?”

“Of course I can, and will,” promised Tally. “But you must take this now.” She extended the coins. “It is very little, but it will help you to have it. There is nothing can make a woman feel more secure than her own money in her purse!”

Piety took the vail with a little bob of thanks and a dazzled smile. “Cook says yer to come down for a bite and a sup before you goes to see Mistress. Y’ll need all yer strength for that, Cook says!”

A little daunted, Tally took off her bonnet and cloak, washed her face and hands, and returned the way she had come, to find the kitchen and its promised comforts. Twenty minutes later, she was facing her employer in the stuffy, pretentious drawing room.

Tally’s new mistress was a bony, high-nosed woman whose features seemed set in a discontented sneer. She was overdressed for the time of day in purple satin, and around her person hung a musty odor. Her heavy eyebrows rose as she took in the elegance of the lovely girl standing before her, dressed modishly in garments which Mrs. Dade considered to be much too fine for a servant. The chit did not even wait to be spoken to, but introduced herself with what her employer felt to be encroaching pertness.

“I am Thalia Temple,” offered the girl, in the same namby-pamby Oxford accent which was so irksome in the old fool of a father. Who did they think they were, this beggarly pair, with their airs and graces and not a groat between them to pay their shot? So her response, when she finally made it, was discouraging.

“Indeed? You are very late, Miss Temple. I suppose your father was woolgathering again? He is quite past doing his duties, for which my husband so generously pays him. It is as well you have come to help him.”

This was a declaration of war, and at first flush Tally was more than ready to take up the cudgels. Then a saving prudence suggested that she hold her tongue until she knew exactly what she faced, so she contented herself with a mild, “I shall be most willing to instruct your daughters, Ma’am, if that is your wish.”

“I would scarcely have engaged you to instruct my sons,” snapped Mrs. Dade. “A word of warning, Miss Temple. You are to refrain from casting out lures or seeking to engage my sons’ interest in any way. One sign of anything of that nature, and you and your precious father will be out-of-doors within the hour—without a reference.”

Tally caught her breath and counted to ten. This had been the course recommended by her favorite teacher, who had realized that rare beauty, an even rarer temper, and no money at all would create many an inflammable situation for her brightest pupil. In the event, the device worked well enough so that Tally was able to assure her new employer in a tight little voice that she would be far too busy working with her daughters to have time for the opposite sex.

Mrs. Dade sniffed disbelievingly. “See that you remain of that mind,” she warned. “They are normal young men, and will respond to a—a young female if she makes herself available.”

Tally’s lovely face flushed crimson. “I am not the sort of female who makes herself ‘available,’ Ma’am!” she snapped in her turn.

Mrs. Dade sniffed again.

There was a brief, unfriendly silence. Tally, who had not been invited to seat herself, resolutely refused to wiggle, and stood as stiff as a sergeant major on parade. At length she said in a controlled voice, “Would you care to outline my duties with the girls, and tell me what is to be my remuneration?”

“Let me make it clear to you at the outset, Miss Temple,” said Mrs. Dade with obvious enjoyment, “that you will be receiving no remuneration. You will be provided with board and your room, and we shall continue to house your father, who is quite useless and is in fact becoming an embarrassment. And if that is not suitable, Miss,” she concluded venomously, “you can get out and take the old fool with you.”

Tally’s face slowly became very pale, and her huge sherry-brown eyes took on such a luster that the complacent dame before her knew a moment of alarm. Then the fire died out of those clear eyes and the girl said, woodenly, “And my duties?”

“Your duty, Miss, is whatever I require you to do at the moment! You will run errands for me, write invitations and replies, assist Cook when we have dinner parties—Can you sew?” She interrupted her catalogue of duties to ask.

“Quite well,” answered Tally, who had been making her own very modish garments for several years, thanks to the French mistress at Miss Enderby’s.

“Then you will do mending and repairs, and make the girls’ dresses.”

“And teach them to read and write?” inquired Tally in a low voice.

“That, of course,” said her employer. “But it is far from desirable that they should become bluestockings.” She subjected the girl to a sneering scrutiny. “I would have them prepared to make a good marriage, to which, as we clearly see, an excess of erudition does not lead!” When the girl made no reply to this taunt at her unespoused state, Mrs. Dade went on querulously, “Are you able to teach pianoforte, sketching, refined behavior and the French language?”

Tally was tempted to reply that while she was qualified to teach all these subjects, she had little expectation that any daughter of Mrs. Dade was capable of learning. She took a tight grip on her anger. Until she could decide upon a course of action, she must keep even this unpleasant roof over Jocelyn’s head and her own. So she merely nodded as she replied, “Yes, Ma’am, I can instruct the Misses Dade in French, pianoforte, sketching and watercolor, as well as sewing, mathematics, and household management—”

“Oh, that will be quite unnecessary,” interrupted her employer. “My daughters will not need such cottage crafts!”

God help their unfortunate husbands! thought Tally, but she contented herself with a smile. “Where are your daughters now, Ma’am? Will you have someone take me to them?”

Mrs. Dade nodded majestically. “Ring the bell,” she commanded, pointing toward a dingy cord hanging beside the mantelpiece.

It proved to be unnecessary to summon a servant. The door of the drawing room banged open and a short, heavyset youth barged in. He was dressed in a countrified parody of Town elegance, and his voice was a caricature of a Beau’s foppish drawl.

“Alfred says the Temple filly is here at last—” he began, then perceived Tally standing by the mantel. A knowing leer tugged at his heavy features. “Oho, Mama! So this is the little governess! Lucky Lottie and Maude!” Disregarding his mother’s frown, he strolled over to Tally, looking her up and down so boldly that bright color rose in her cheeks and she turned toward Ms. Dade in protest. That besotted mother was now smiling at her offspring’s massive shoulders as though his forward manner were the very acme of tonnish behavior.

“Where are Charlotte and Maude, Ralph? I wish to make Miss Temple acquainted with them at once, since they will be her particular charge.”

Ignoring his mother’s question, Ralph said with a smirk, “I think I shall go back into the schoolroom, now that you have secured such a pretty new teacher. Clever Mama!”

Mrs. Dade was neither amused nor flattered. Glaring at Tally, she said sharply, “My son is pleased to jest. I wish you to understand that you will have to time for dalliance with him or my younger son, Miss Temple!”

Suppressing the comment that if the younger son was anything like his brother, she would run to Land’s End rather than engage in dalliance with either of them, Tally retorted, “I have assured you that I have no intention of promoting an acquaintance with your family, Ma’am. My duties here are to instruct your daughters in genteel arts, to school them for successful entry into Polite Society. I neither hope nor wish for any closer connection.”

The Dades, mère et fils, studied her temper-bright eyes and rosy cheeks. The mother was the first to speak. “Hoity-Toity, Miss!” she snapped. “You shall not take that tone with me!”

Her son broke the charged silence which followed. “Mama, shall I show Miss Temple to her room?” Then, observing the stormcloud upon his mother’s brow, he added hastily, “To the nursery to meet Charlotte and Maude, that is?”

“No, you may not!” She glared at the girl. “Pull the bell again, Miss Temple. I cannot think what the servants do with their time! They are never about when I need them!”

As if on cue, the door opened and Piety presented her solemn little face. “Did you wish to speak to me, Ma’am?”

“No, I wish you will take Miss Temple to the Nursery—at once! It is past time she began her duties. No, Ralph!” she addressed her son, who was attempting to sidle unobtrusively toward the door. “I desire you shall remain here. I have something to say to you! As for you, Miss Temple, you are expected to supervise my daughters at their luncheon and dinner, which they take in the sun room, before the rest of the family is served in the dining room. Do not let the girls dawdle! The servants resent delays or extra demands when they are serving us.”

“Would it not be easier then,” suggested Tally recklessly, “to have the children’s meal served in their nursery, and thus avoid the bustle?”

“You think it would be easier for the servants to carry food up three flights of stairs?” sneered Mrs. Dade. “Then you must seek to persuade them! Now, must I ask you again to be about your duties?”

Tally was silent as she followed Piety up the three flights of stairs at the back of the house. She was appalled at the situation in which she had been placed. If the other son was anything like Ralph, she might find herself if not in actual danger, then at least subject to some very unpleasant advances. Could she fend off these bucolic Lotharios? The position of governess in the Dade household lacked even the few mitigating elements she had hoped for. At this moment, Tally would cheerfully have walked away from Dade Hall and searched for any decent, honest work which might be available, no matter how menial. But there was her father. Could she find employment which would bring enough money to take care of the two of them? She set her dainty jaw firmly. She would put up with the unpleasant conditions here just long enough to find some other work elsewhere, and then adieu, Dades!

The first order of business was to make sure she was not surprised by unwelcome visitors to her bedroom. “Is there some way I might sleep with Charlotte and Maude? A cot in their bedroom, perhaps?”

Piety stared at her intently, and then a bitter comprehension broke over her small countenance. “We could set up yer truckle bed for ye there, Miss. ’Twould be uncomfortable, never to have a minute to yerself, but you’d be—safe.” She bobbed her head. “Yes, I’ll do it right away, whilst yer talkin’ with the girls.” She added, low-voiced, “The maids all sleeps in one room that opens into Cook’s bedroom. Cook insisted after one o’ her best helpers had to go ’way. In trouble, she was, but she wouldn’t say if it was one o’ the young men or Squire hisself.”

Tally understood that Piety was doing her best to issue a warning, and was grateful for it, however daunting the facts which were implied. It strengthened her determination to spend no more time in this household than was absolutely necessary. Tally was neither stupid nor foolhardy. Even in the chaste confines of Miss Enderby’s Select Seminary, there had circulated whispered tales and rumors of maidservants forced to leave their employment in disgrace because of certain unspecified activities they had shared with males. It had always irked Tally that the men involved in the forbidden behavior seemed to get off scot-free, while the wretched servant girl was dismissed without a character.

“I shall not permit anything like that to happen to me,” she told herself stoutly, but the disturbing fear was present in the back of her mind. In a physical contest, she would be no match for the hulking lout she had just met in his mother’s drawing room. She must put her mind to the acquiring of a weapon of defense—not lethal, of course, but a disabling deterrent. A canister of red pepper, perhaps?

Piety had halted outside a closed door. From within came sounds of verbal conflict, followed, as they listened by a dull crash and a wail of rage.

Tally straightened her shoulders and walked in.





Chapter 3



In the nursery two small girls, facing each other with expressions of anger, turned their tear-stained faces toward the interruption. Tally said nothing, merely scrutinized her pupils carefully.

“Who . . . are you?” demanded the larger of the two girls, belligerently.

“I am Miss Thalia Temple, your new governess. And who are you?” Tally responded quietly.

“We don’t want you,” began the larger girl.

She was interrupted by the other. “I want her! She’s ever so much prettier than any of the other nannies, and she looks as if she’d be more fun than old Temple—oh!” The child stopped speaking, her face growing red with embarrassment as she realized she was speaking to the daughter of her brothers’ tutor.

“Are you really to be our governess?” challenged the older girl. “You’re much too pretty to be a servant—and you’re not dressed like one. Mama will see that you dress more plainly, as—as befits your station.” She brought out the phrase in mimicry of something she had heard her mother say.

“Well,” said Tally reasonably. “She’ll have to buy me some other clothing if she wishes me to dress differently, for every garment I have is as modish as this!” She laughed mischievously. “I make them myself.”

“Mother will never buy you anything,” snapped the older girl in a voice so like Mrs. Dade’s that Tally was startled.

The younger girl had conquered her embarrassment and sidled past her sister toward Tally. Slowly she held out her grubby little hand. “I am Maude,” she offered. “I’m glad you are to be my governess.”

“Well, I am Charlotte,” announced the larger girl, glaring in a most unfriendly manner. “And I am not going to have anyone like you telling me what to do!”

“I wouldn’t dream of it,” said Tally calmly. Then turning to the younger girl, she extended her hand and took the child’s. “You welcomed me very prettily, Maude,” she said in her pleasant voice. “I have high hopes that you will grow into a charming young woman, much admired for your social grace.”

Maude’s small face brightened at the unaccustomed praise. “Do you really think so?” she asked. “If you will teach me, I shall try very hard to learn.”

Charlotte uttered a harsh, mirthless laugh. “What can a servant teach you? You are too stupid to learn anything anyway—Papa has often said so.”

“Then Papa must be shown different—if indeed he ever made such a disparaging remark, which I cannot accept,” said Tally, seeing Maude’s hurt expression. “And I shall make you such a pretty dress to wear that it will be easy for you to show off your new graces,” she promised, to the sparkling delight of the little girl.

“Can you make the new dress today?” she asked eagerly.

“We can pick out a style for you,” agreed Tally. “I think it must be too close to luncheon to find materials and begin to cut and sew.”

“Mama will never permit it,” interrupted Charlotte enviously. “She is very reluctant to spend money upon us,” she added, in a more vulnerable tone.

“Perhaps we might contrive the first dress for Maude without spending money,” suggested Tally with a sparkling smile for the crestfallen Maude. “I shall see what I can discover. Possibly there are old garments in trunks in the storeroom—dresses your Mama has discarded because they are out of fashion or too well-worn in spots? We shall have to go upon a treasure hunt after our lessons are finished tomorrow morning,” she promised the smaller girl.

“I want to have a new dress too!” demanded Charlotte.

“After lessons tomorrow morning,” agreed Tally equably. “The lessons will show us how we are to proceed in making the dresses.”

“How can that be?” challenged Charlotte suspiciously. “No lessons I have ever had have told me anything about making clothes. I think you are lying to us—or else you are not a real teacher?”

“I am a graduate of Miss Enderby’s Select Seminary,” replied Tally quietly. “I can teach French and Italian, pianoforte, sketching and painting, the polite dances, sewing and embroidery, as well as mathematics, history, and literature.”

Charlotte shuddered elaborately. “Boring!” she cried. “I shall never pay any attention to those subjects!”

“If you wish to be considered an awkward ignoramus, then of course you must pay absolutely no attention to anything I am going to teach your little sister. She, I am quite sure, will soon be on the way to becoming an accomplished young lady.”

Maude heaved a deep sigh of satisfaction. “I shall try very hard,” she promised, her adoring eyes on Tally’s lovely face. “Shall I look as pretty as you, Miss Temple?”

Charlotte hooted with laughter. “You? You’ll never be anything but a dough-face!” she said cruelly. “That’s what Papa calls her,” she explained loftily to Tally.

“He calls you Pug because you are forever snarling and fighting!” retaliated Maude, her small face red and ugly with anger. “And you broke the new slate!” she added. “I’m going to tell Mama!”

Tally thought it was time to intervene before the children worked themselves up to another shouting match.

“We shall not be using a slate just at present,” she advised the combatants. “The sketches we are to make for your new dresses will be much better done on paper, with my nice dark drawing pencils. In fact, if you will wash your faces and hands now for luncheon, we will be able to make a start on our designs for your costumes before we are called to eat.”

Maude agreed enthusiastically. She came closer to Tally. “Will you come to our bedroom while I wash my hands?” she asked shyly.

“I don’t intend to wash,” Charlotte stated in a strident voice.

Tally mimed delicate anguish.

“Why are you making that absurd face?” demanded Charlotte.

“Your voice is so rough and inelegant,” said Tally in an exact copy of Miss Enderby’s most quelling tone and diction. The rebuke had the same effect upon the recalcitrant Charlotte as it had had upon defiant pupils at the Seminary. Charlotte blushed for the first time, and her belligerence faltered.

Tally hardened her heart. Charlotte was made of stern stuff, and it would take a pretty sharp set down to pierce her shield of insensitivity to discover the child within. Still, if the position of governess was to be made bearable, the girl’s intractability must be curbed or cured. Therefore she said, gently, “Show me the way to your bedroom, Maude. And perhaps you will be kind enough to permit me to wash my hands and face also? I should like to present an acceptable appearance for our meal.”

“Please come this way,” invited Maude, very much on her hostessly mettle. She opened a door at one side of the nursery and led the way into a roomy bedroom in which two small trundle beds occupied pride of place. There was a commode with a pitcher and basin, and in a small clay dish, a bar of very odd-smelling soap. A limp linen towel, not too clean, hung from a nail beside the commode. Tally inspected the arrangements dubiously.

Charlotte had followed them into the room and was now ready to thrust herself in front of her younger sister. “I’m the older. I shall wash first,” she announced. Maude looked at Tally for support, and met such a mischievous smile that she immediately grinned in sympathy. Tally waited until Charlotte had finished her somewhat sketchy ablutions and was drying herself on the towel. Then she said, low-voiced to Maude, “Will you show me where my room is? I am newly come to your home, and do not quite remember.”

“Oh!” The child’s face fell. “Are you leaving me so soon?”

“No,” soothed Tally. “I am just going to fetch something which you will enjoy very much.”

Eagerly Maude took her hand and led her out into and along the corridor back to the small room Tally had been shown earlier. Then, staring around the crowded space, she said, “It’s so poky!”

“It will do,” Tally answered. “I shall enjoy being close to you.”

Since this was the first time in Maude’s life that anyone had expressed pleasure in her company, she beamed at her new governess. But further surprises were in store. Piety and Albert appeared in the doorway.

“We’ve come to move yer bed, Miss,” explained the little maid.

“I am hoping you will not object, Maude,” Tally said soberly. “I have asked that my bed may be placed in your room for the time being.”

A harsh little voice behind them piped up. “It’s my room, too, and I object to having a servant share it with me.”

Maude whirled on her sister. “It’s mine as much as yours! She can stay on my side, an’ we won’t pay any attention to you, you horrid thing! So there!”

“I’m telling Mama on you both!” threatened Charlotte, but less belligerently, her eyes on Tally’s gently smiling face.

“You must do as you think best,” said Tally equably. “Do you often tattle upon your sister? It was not considered to be very good form at Miss Enderby’s establishment. Of course, many of the pupils there were of noble birth, and their standards of behavior were very high.” Tally became the snob ruthlessly over the unpleasant little girl. “Place my cot beside Miss Maude’s if you please,” she instructed the waiting servants. “I shall bring my portmanteaus and my drawing pencils.”

This red herring was sufficient to divert Charlotte, who at this moment was almost pathetically anxious to find an escape from the unpopular position she had taken. “Are you really going to teach us to draw pictures of the dresses we would like you to make for us?” she demanded. Tally noted with relief that her harsh little voice had taken a milder tone.

“When we are washed and freshened up for our meal, I shall show you what I mean to do,” answered Tally. “Now, Maude, we must bestir ourselves if we are to be ready in time for luncheon. At what time do we eat?”

“You are going to eat with us?” queried Charlotte. “Our other governesses never would. They were always looking for ways to get away from us.”

“Why do you suppose they felt that way?” wondered Tally, solemnly.

This simple question was enough to disconcert both children. Tally left them to think about it as she directed the servants where to place her cot in the children’s room. Thanking them, she dismissed them and lifted one of her portmanteaus to her bed. She unpacked it and produced her wash bag. From this she extracted a large cake of lavender soap. Tipping the water Charlotte had used out of the bowl into the slop pail, she poured in some fresh water and offered the delicately scented soap to Maude.

“This will make your face and hands smell very nice,” she said, smiling into the eager little face. “Fashionable young ladies are anxious to present a fresh and fragrant appearance. I shall help you to achieve this, my dear.”

Charlotte hung about near her own small bed, her mutinous and very envious glance slipping ever and anon to the animated pair on the other side of the room. But she said nothing until Tally, carefully drying the younger girl’s face upon her own clean towel, brought out her ivory-backed brush and gently began to untangle the snarled mass of Maude’s light brown hair.

“We hate having our hair brushed,” Charlotte told Tally sharply.

“This lady doesn’t pull like Nanna used to,” said Maude, closing her eyes as Tally ran the soft bristles smoothly through the child’s unruly mane.

“It will be even nicer after I’ve washed it for you,” murmured Tally, still brushing rhythmically. “So shining . . . so smooth . . .”

“Mama won’t permit you to wash our hair,” objected Charlotte. “She says it will cause a putrid sore throat.”

“Have I a putrid sore throat?” asked Tally. “I washed my hair before I set out on the coach to be your governess, and I am going to wash it again today, to get the dust of the journey from it.”

Both children fastened their gaze upon Tally’s head. She had removed her saucy little chip hat, with the bewitching brown velvet bow tied beneath her chin. Her lustrous hair, guinea gold, framed her face with soft warm waves, and was caught in a neat, if girlish, snood she had made of the same velvet ribbons. Maude sighed ecstatically.

“When we wash my hair, will it look like yours?” she breathed.

“Of course not!” scoffed Charlotte, but Tally noticed that her expression was now more wistful than belligerent.

“It will take time and care,” Tally said quietly. “All good things take time to mature: peaches on the trees and wheat ripening in the fields, little foals growing into great stallions—”

“Little onions growing into great scallions!” capped Charlotte with a triumphant shout.

“Very good, Charlotte!” applauded Tally with a delighted laugh. “That was quick! You have a witty command of language. I am impressed.”

Charlotte’s stare was arrested on Tally’s face. Slowly the sneering belligerence faded from the child’s expression, and she looked, for one fleeting instant, lost, confused. Tally’s soft heart impelled her to include the child in the warm smile she gave Maude.

“Now, if you young ladies will guide me to the dining room?” she suggested, holding out a hand to each one.

Maude seized the offered hand eagerly and pulled Tally toward the door.

“We are not allowed to eat in the dining room,” said Charlotte. Tally could swear there was an echo of the wistful note in the harsh little voice. “We eat in the breakfast parlor—nobody ever uses it except us. Mama calls it the sun room.”

A few minutes later, entering the grim little room, Tally couldn’t understand why. If the kindly rays of the sun had ever thrust their way through those narrow, vine-choked windows, it must have been a long time ago. The walls had been painted a drab utilitarian shade of green, the floor was an ugly brownish tile. The table was high and massive, and the four chairs matched. Cutlery had been carelessly tossed upon a crumb-littered, stained cloth. Tally’s lips tightened. Not even the servants’ dining room at the Seminary, spartan as it had been, had shown such a brutal disregard for the sensibilities of those who had to eat there. As she stood staring at the unpleasant room, a challenging idea popped into her head. If successful, the plan would solve two urgent problems in one stroke. Before assigning places to her charges, she caught up the knives and forks and set them aside while she shook out the tablecloth and replaced it, clean side up, on the table. Then she reset the table correctly, explaining to a bemused pair of children why each fork and knife and spoon was placed as it was. Then she glanced around.

“Our napkins seem to have disappeared,” she commented with a smile. “Perhaps they have gone to be washed.”

“We often don’t have any,” vouchsafed Charlotte defensively. “Who needs them?”

“I, for one,” replied Tally cheerfully. “One is never quite sure there will not be a slight accident with a brimming soup spoon or a too-heavy-laden fork. So embarrassing, don’t you agree?” Her twinkling smile and pretty dimples invited them to share her amusement over the suggested plight.

Maude grinned rueful agreement, but her elder sister tossed her head disdainfully and seated herself at the table. As Maude and Tally followed suit, a harassed-looking older woman peered in the doorway.

“Here a’ ready, are you? Where’s Mr. Temple?”

“Is my father to eat with us?” asked Tally.

“Mistress says we’re to set it out here. Often he forgets to come.” The woman laughed.

“Maude, will you show me where my father’s room is?” Tally asked, keeping her dismay carefully hidden. After meeting Mrs. Dade and her son, she had not deluded herself that they would waste any courtesy on an elderly scholar, but to fob him off in this grubby room in the company of two graceless children—!

Then her common sense asserted itself. A she followed the willing Maude from the room, Tally told herself that her father would find it more pleasant to eat even in this wretched gloomy hole with Maude and Charlotte than to be forced to endure the crudities, patronage or insults of the Dades at every meal, or adapt to the noisy ignorance of the kitchen.

Her father’s room, predictably, was another tiny attic cubby at the other end of the corridor from the nursery. Mr. Temple, greeting his visitors with absentminded charm, was amused to be reminded that luncheon was being served, and pleased to accompany his daughter and her pupil back downstairs. Seated between Maude and Tally, he beamed gently around the table.

“This is very pleasant,” he smiled. “A capital arrangement! I shall be able to enjoy some civilized conversation with my food.”

Devoutly hoping that the suspicious Charlotte would not understand the implications in that remark, Tally hurried into cordial speech, repeating Charlotte’s play on the words stallion and scallion. Mr. Temple looked at the sullen little girl with real interest. While he had seen very little of the oafish lads he was supposed to instruct, he had seen almost nothing of their sisters.

“Have we here the brains of the family?” he teased gently.

“It was nothing,” muttered the child, but her eyes, Tally noted, were fixed almost anxiously on the scholarly face.

“On the contrary,” said Mr. Temple. “It showed a nice command of language and a good ear for assonance, that is, rhyming. Well done, Charlotte!”

The child ducked her head over her plate, and commenced to eat rather noisily. Tally glanced covertly at her father, fearful lest he be betrayed into making a disparaging comment on such graceless table manners, but his gaze held no censure, only a kindly pity. Maude was unaware of the undercurrents, and chattered away very cheerfully throughout the meal, appealing for attention in turn from Tally and her father. In spite of Charlotte’s unusual silence, the meal progressed in a sprightly manner which won sympathetic grins from Piety, their waitress.

As the little maid was removing the dessert—a doughy pudding with a treacle sauce—she bent to murmur in Tally’s ear, “You be ’avin’ more gladsomeness than at Squire’s table, Miss! The mistress has been jawin’ on about this-an-that ever since they sat down. I’m glad I’m not Reeby.”

“Who is Reeby?” inquired Tally, desirous of prolonging the conversation for reasons which had nothing to do with her employer’s behavior at table.

“Calls hisself the butler, but Mrs. Dade says he don’t know above half of what he’s s’posed to. Only the master won’t get rid of ’im, because Reeby does know about wines and likkers—an’ I guess Mr. Dade thinks that’s more important than knowin’ about liveries an’ the order o’ pree-procee—”

“The order of precedence?” suggested Mr. Temple gently.

Piety nodded eagerly. “Yes, that’s it! I ’eard ’em ’avin’ a row about it after dinner las’ night, while I was on my way up to bed with Cook. She says Reeby knows the Brother’ood—.” The girl clapped her hand over her mouth. “I wasn’t s’posed to mention them—!”

Tally raised an amused eyebrow at her father. The scholarly gentleman surprised her. “Local term referring to the gentry who provide good brandy and wines without the—er—formalities of Customs and Excise,” he explained, straight-faced. Charlotte was staring at him, curiosity evident upon her plain little face. “Otherwise known as rumrunners, or smugglers.”

“They are active in this neighborhood?” asked Tally.

“Not particularly. Oh, I imagine there’s the occasional cargo run this way if the Riding Officers become too vigilant along the regular trails.” He rose and pulled back Tally’s chair for her. “Well, my dear ladies, this was a most delightful treat.” His smile encompassed both the children. “We must do it again soon.”

Tally made her decision. The plan which had been tantalizing her imagination all through the meal suddenly seemed practical.

“We are going to do it three times every day, Father, and under such conditions that you will be quite unable to get your nose in a book and forget all about the time.” Overriding his halfhearted repudiation, she co-opted Piety and instructed her to bring along Alfred, if possible, and meet with Tally and the girls in their room in five minutes.

Maude was happily agog at this unexpected departure from routine; even Charlotte forgot to look sullen and followed Tally up the back stairs with protest. When she had the whole group assembled outside the tiny bedroom she had originally been allotted, Tally explained her project.

“I am going to make this our private dining room,” she announced. “It is convenient to your suite, girls—”

“You mean the nursery,” interjected Charlotte loftily.

“But you are both getting beyond the age when you should be in a nursery, surely? asked Tally. “Young ladies of consequence have bedrooms, or even a suite consisting of bedroom, sitting room and powder closet. And of course they never eat in the sun room,” she explained smoothly. “Since your Mama wishes you to acquire the graces of well-bred ladies, we must be sure you have the proper stage upon which to practice, must we not?”

Sweeping grandly along without waiting for their approval, Tally said to Piety and Alfred, “Surely there must be a small table somewhere which would never be missed if we moved it into my former bedroom?” She uttered this last phrase with a conscious twinkle which enlightened Piety as to her stratagem. All of them peered into the small room, at the moment looking even more desolate with the cot removed. “I plan to use this as the private dining room of the Misses Dade and their tutor-companions, Mr. Jocelyn Temple and Miss Thalia Temple. Now, while you are bring a table and four chairs—not from the sun room, I think!—Charlotte and Maude and I shall choose a pretty picture or two for the walls, some curtains and possibly even a carpet from the storeroom.”

“I’d best bring up a bucket of water an’ some soap, an’ wash the floor first,” announced Piety grimly. “It ain’t bin done in donkey’s years, from the look of it.” She and Alfred hurried off, cheerful at the departure from dull, ordinary routine. Mr. Temple was staring at his managing daughter with surprise. “Do not tell me you have not arranged a task for me, also,” he said with a smile.

Tally, pleased that she still had the scholar’s full attention, grinned at him. “Yes, indeed, Papa,” she said cordially. “I was hoping that you might be gracious enough to select a few of the more suitable books from that enormous clutter I observed in your room, and also one of the smaller bookcases I saw buried in the pile. Not Ovid, of course!” She caught a glimpse of a quite unscholarly smile on his face, and went on briskly, “I ask you to contribute several volumes to the housewarming. You know you have always said there is nothing which civilizes a room like a few good books!”

“Is this what Miss Enderby’s very expensive education has led to?” Jocelyn Temple laughed. “I see you have become saucy as well as bossy, as Miss Charlotte might well say!” He joined the delighted little girls in a laugh. Tally noted that Charlotte, preening herself a little, ranged herself at the old man’s side.

“Well, girls, shall we choose our furnishings?”

“There’s heaps of stuff in the storerooms, and they’re not locked,” Charlotte advised her. “I often used to poke about among the old stuff when there was nothing much to do.”

This bleak picture put Tally so much in charity with the child that her smile was warmly encouraging. “Capital, Charlotte! Then you must be our guide. Come, Maude, we’ll follow Charlotte’s lead!”

Busily the older girl led the way down the corridor to a heavy door. Opened, it revealed a series of attics stretching away under the roof, filled with an astonishing assortment of old furniture, trunks, boxes, stacked pictures, even, to Mr. Temple’s pleasure, piles of old books.

“No, Papa,” chided Tally firmly. “First you must go and choose a dozen of your own books which would be of interest to young girls, and then you must select a small bookcase to put them in. As soon as Alfred returns with our table, I shall send him to your room to collect your donation to our project.”

Thus neatly disposing of the elderly scholar upon a congenial task, Tally followed the now excited girls into the lumber room. There she soon discovered more than they would ever be able to use of the items she had suggested. Maude unearthed a set of four charming small chairs whose seats were covered in faded needlepoint in flower patterns eminently suitable for an elegant dining room to be used by young ladies. Charlotte surprised Tally by bringing two dusty small pictures set in heavy imitation gold frames which quite overpowered their delicate beauty.

“Why, Charlotte! These are exquisite! When they are cleaned and reframed, they will be a delightful addition to your room.” One was a little girl with a dog, the other pictured a girl with a kitten. In each case the small animal was staring at a large butterfly which had approached so close that the watching animal was almost cross-eyed. Charlotte hugged the pictures to her.

“You wish to change the frames?” she objected. “They are gold!”

“But do they not take away from the delicacy of the pictures?” asked Tally. “One can scarcely see anything but the frames! The children and their pets are so much more interesting, do you not think?”

Charlotte held them away from her small, intently scowling face. “I like the frames,” she said stubbornly.

“Then, of course we must keep them,” Tally conceded, pleased to have as much cooperation as this from the difficult little girl. Charlotte glanced at her, suspicious of the sudden capitulation, then carried her prize to her bedroom to dust it off.

Meanwhile, Piety had got well into her task of scrubbing the floor of Tally’s former bedroom. Alfred came puffing up the narrow back stairs balancing a small round table on his head. As he staggered along the corridor, Tally went to his aid. When they had placed the pretty table in the new dining room, Tally sent the boy along to help Mr. Temple with the books and the shelf which he had been charged to select for the new room. The corridor had suddenly become a scene of great industry: Maude dusting her pretty little chairs, Charlotte wiping her pictures, Alfred advancing with the bookcase, Tally washing the new dining table carefully, and sending Piety to bring beeswax and vinegar to polish it and the bookcase. They were all enjoying themselves hugely.

Into this domestic scene came the older Dade son. He paused at the head of the main staircase, here narrowed considerably from its lower reaches. His eyes went wide, startled by the bustle of activity.

“I say, what’s going on here?” he burst out. Alfred brushed past him with the bookcase, breathing a muttered apology. Rafe frowned after him and confronted Tally. “Does Mama know about all this?” He grinned at Tally’s involuntary glance of dismay, and then added in a sly tone, “I shan’t tell her—if you make it worth my while.”

In spite of her sheltered upbringing, Tally was nobody’s fool. It was not in her nature to allow herself to be blackmailed, especially by the loutish heir of the Dades. So she smiled with all the conscious competence of a well-trained governess—(thank you, Miss Enderby!)—and spoke in a voice which immediately reduced Rafe Dade to nursery status.

“Your Mama has given me her instructions. She is desirous of having your sisters schooled in polite usage. I am setting the stage for the correct practice.” Run and tattle about that if you wish! her complacent smile challenged him.

Unwilling to concede defeat, Rafe hung around the corridor, peering suspiciously into the rooms and getting in everyone’s way. As the details of Tally’s Great Plan began to emerge, he cast her an incredulous look. Standing obstructively in the doorway of the bedroom she was turning into a dining room, he asked, “Why have you had your bed removed and these chairs and table set here? Where are you to sleep?”

“Oh, this is to be our own private dining room. I am to share your sisters’ bedroom. There is plenty of space for my cot. We are going to use the former nursery as our schoolroom and parlor, and that little closet as our powder room. Your sisters’ suite will be very much à la mode, I assure you, and the girls are as anxious as myself to see it all in train!”

Since even Charlotte was nodding purposefully, Rafe was compelled to accept the changes. He only said, with a taunting smile, “I shall join you for a meal—frequently.”

Help came to Tally from an unexpected quarter.

“That you will not, Rafe Dade!” snapped Charlotte. “I haven’t invited you—and one doesn’t go out to dinner without an invitation! Mama has told me that much!”

“I don’t need a special bid to a meal in my own house, you stupid ninny,” sneered her brother.

Tally sprang to her charge’s defense like a young tigress. The careless cruelty of his words and manner quite enraged her. “I am afraid that is exactly what you must have before you may join us,” she interjected suavely. “This is Miss Dade’s dining room, and her sister’s. No one may sit at their table without their express permission.”

The faces of the little girls showed incredulous pleasure.

“Is this really so, Miss Temple?” demanded Maude. “That no one may come unless we say so?”

“You or your sister Charlotte,” confirmed Tally. “Although I am afraid you must suffer my presence—although I shall be your dame de compagnie rather than your guest.”

“Dam duh comp—” faltered the child.

Tally smiled reassuringly. “The daughters of important houses often have a female companion of good family and impeccable training to act as a companion—dame de compagnie.” She articulated the French phrase clearly. “It is the business of such a lady to help her charges to derive the greatest possible benefit and enjoyment from their daily experiences, and to provide an unexceptionable support and chaperonage in any circumstances which may present themselves. Your Mama has hired me to serve you in that capacity . . . your dame de compagnie,” she repeated the words carefully as even little Maude, lips moving silently, could get it correct.

Charlotte nodded once, firmly, and then turned her glance upon her older brother. “So, you see, Rafe, you must not come to eat with us until we bid you.” Then, with a furtive glance at Tally, the child finished with unexpected panache, “Maude and I shall be pleased to welcome you one evening . . . a little later.”

“Well done!” praised Tally. “The most experienced and gracious hostess could not have done it better!”

Ignoring the child’s embarrassed pleasure at the praise, Rafe scowled at Tally. “Very niffy-naffy, Miss! I can see you’ll turn the girls into simpering misses with your toplofty ideas. But you’re only a servant here, don’t forget! I’ll find ways of teaching you your place.” His coarse features were twisted into a crude leer. “Your most useful place in this household, I mean. Don’t think hiding in my sisters’ bedroom will work forever!”

Maude was frightened by his loud, hectoring manner, and even Charlotte drew closer to Tally’s side, whether for her own protection or Tally’s was not clear. Although the situation was awkward, Tally estimated it as useful since it seemed to bring her two small charges into an alliance with herself against a common enemy. She put an arm lightly around each child’s shoulder and spoke as though the confrontation were a normal social occasion.

“Now, my dears,” she instructed, “we bob a shallow curtsey to our visitor—just this depth is quite adequate.” She demonstrated gracefully. “Then we smile—not too widely, Maude.” This to the younger girl who was grinning her enjoyment of Rafe’s set down, and again Tally demonstrated the exact width and warmth of the dismissing smile to six pairs of fascinated eyes. “Extending one hand, so.” She held out her hand to Alfred, who was grinning delightedly at her. “We touch fingers lightly—never clutching!—and say something like ‘So good of you to call, Mrs. Hadley—Haddon! Do drop in again when you are in the neighborhood!”

This byplay reduced both Piety and the girls to giggle, and drew a wide if sheepish grin from Alfred, in the role of Mrs. Hadley-Haddon. Tally swept on with the lesson.

“Now you, Maude, may bid Piety—I mean, the Curate, of course!— adieu in form, and Charlotte may take leave of Mr. Ralph Dade.”

With a muttered curse, Rafe turned and strode from the room. Charlotte, hand already extended, froze; the small face shuttered. To everyone’s surprise, Mr. Temple came into the room from the corridor.

“May I provide a substitute guest for the practice?” he asked with his gentle smile. He took the snubbed child’s hand in his and bent over it in a courtly gesture. “Thank you for a delightful afternoon, Miss Dade,” he said. “I trust I may call upon you soon again?”

To Tally’s deep satisfaction, Charlotte rose bravely to the occasion. “So good of you to come, Professor Temple,” she cooed, in a dazzling imitation of Tally’s “social” tones. “Do drop in again when you are in the neighborhood!”

Then, pink-cheeked, she accepted the storm of applause and admiration from Tally, Maude, Alfred, Piety and Mr. Jocelyn Temple.





Chapter 4



Of course Tally did not get away scot-free with her innovations. Just before bedtime she had her small group seated in the newly furbished dining room. They stared around them with satisfaction. After an afternoon of hard work and hasty improvisation, they had created a little miracle. A pair of red velvet drapes, faded to a soft rose, were hanging from a rod over the window, their dust-grimed ends ruthlessly chopped off by Charlotte’s shears. The round table was covered by an old linen sheet, clean but mended, which Tally had promised to cut and hem neatly for the next evening. A lamp with a quaint rose-painted shade on the table, another on the sideboard improvised from an old bureau, gave a pleasant glow to the small room. Piety and Alfred, already fanatically devoted to Miss Temple, had insisted upon bringing up the supper from the kitchen, and serving it in correct form. Their single stipulation was that Miss Tally should instruct them in the proper service of the meal.

“Me an’ Alf ’opes o’ betterin’ ourselves, if you’ll learn us how the servants in great ’ouses go on,” Piety announced. “Alfred wants to be a butler someday. I telled ’im you could learn him more in a minute than ol’ Reeby ever knew,” she confided. She had washed her face and hands, and made an effort to tidy her wispy hair, although nothing could be done to smarten up her deplorable garments.

Tally was deeply touched by the child’s trust. “Of course I shall do my best to help you, Alfred and Piety. It is the least I can do to repay you for all the extra work I have put you to! And what I do not know, I am sure my Father can tell us. He is sure to have a book about it.” Tally’s dimpled smile invited the young people to join her in her joke. “But what do you wish to learn, Piety? In addition, of course, to the writing and reading I shall be teaching you?”

After a searching glance at the beautiful young lady, Piety whispered, “Would ye ’ave time to learn—to teach me ’ow to be a fine leddy’s maid, ma’am? Then I could get good wages and mebbe ’ave a new dress . . . an’ a pretty bonnet?”

Tally’s soft heart was completely won. “Of course I’ll teach you all I can, Piety! How quickly you caught the correct term, my dear child! I can make you a new dress this very week—that is, as soon as I can obtain some material. You shall very soon be the smartest ladies’ maid in Devonshire—in attendance upon the Misses Dade.”

Piety’s small, grubby face fell. “It’s too much to ’ope for, Miss Temple,” she said, extending her chapped, red little paws, cracked with rough work and harsh soap.

“I have a lotion which will help those to heal,” promised Tally, heartsick at the evidence of the ruthless use of the small servant, and recklessly resolving to bring about a change in the child’s circumstances.

How formidable a contest this would entail was rather rudely brought to her attention as Piety and Alfred were serving the sweet that evening—a return of the doughy treacle pudding they had had for lunch. While she was instructing Alfred how to cut the thing into serving portions before offering it to the diners, the door was thrust open so savagely that it crashed against the wall and knocked off one of Charlotte’s gilt-framed pictures.

“So this is how you intend to carry out my orders, Miss! Carousing in your bedroom with these—” The strident voice faded as Mrs. Dade’s outraged vision began to comprehend just how far from her instructions the new governess had strayed.

Of course Jocelyn Temple had risen to his feet upon his employer’s entrance. Tally forced herself to follow suit with what poise she could summon. She curtseyed to the furious woman. “Miss Dade, Miss Maude, please stand when your mother enters the room,” she advised, calmly. The children obeyed with flattering alacrity, but their Mama was not coaxed into complaisance by this show of courtesy.

“Where have you decided to sleep?” she demanded coarsely.

“With your daughters, Ma’am,” answered Tally quietly. “I shall be handier then, if they should need attention during the night.”

“You had your bed moved into their room without asking my permission?”

“I thought I was carrying out your orders, Mrs. Dade,” Tally persisted quietly. “You wished them to be given complete training in elegant conduct. Ever dormitory at Miss Enderby’s was presided over by one of the younger teachers, who had her bed there, although she shared a common room in which to spend the time not taken up by class instruction, meals, or other duties.”

This quietly spoken explanation had some effect upon the affronted dame. She was still suspicious and angry, but she spared time to scrutinize the new dining room. “It seems you have set yourself and your father up very fine for servants,” she sneered at length.

Tally held onto her temper with both hands. “It is well to instruct your pupils in the correct behavior required in a situation by setting up the actual conditions they will encounter. Good table manners can best be taught at table—or so Miss Enderby always stated,” she said in a low voice.

“Miss Enderby! Am I to hear of nothing but that woman?”

“She is accounted to be of the highest ton” interjected Mr. Temple surprisingly. “When I enrolled my daughter there, ma’am, the daughters of an Earl and a Marquis were in residence. Miss Enderby comes very highly recommended.”

Tally did not know whether the unexpected intervention of her father had come as a greater shock to herself or to Mrs. Dade. That lady glared at the silver-haired scholar, but contented herself with a disparaging sniff. Tally felt sure, however, that her own status as governess had lost nothing by her father’s reminder of the fashionable clientele at Tally’s school. After a moment, Mrs. Dade requested to be shown the arrangements in her daughters’ bedroom.

A little procession trudged down the corridor in Tally’s wake, with Piety and Alfred carefully lighting the way with the two lamps. The bedroom did not look overcrowded by the addition of Tally’s cot and a tiny bureau. Neither Tally, the children, nor the servants made any mention of the plan to set up a powder room in the little closet, nor any of the other projects Miss Temple had so airily proposed.

When at length Mrs. Dade returned to the corridor, it was clear she was, if not delighted, at least reconciled to the new arrangement of the attic rooms. She did, however, cast one final jaundiced glance into the new dining room.

“It will take Alfred and Piety away from their other duties to come all this way upstairs to dance attendance upon you all,” she said pettishly.

“It is part of their duties to wait upon your daughters,” suggested Tally, greatly daring. She then hastened to add, “I shall help them, of course, as much as I can, by caring for the rooms. I wish only to establish the proper atmosphere for the Misses Dade’s training,” she concluded meekly, her sparkling eyes demurely masked by modestly lowered eyelids.

Mrs. Dade was still suspicious, and reluctant to permit the unauthorized behavior, but even to her prejudiced mind, the advantages of the training system were fairly obvious. Also she would be completely freed from the presence of her quarrelsome daughters, and the maddeningly absent-minded old scholar. She gave a reluctant nod.

“Well, I suppose I must permit you to try your schemes,” she allowed ungraciously. “Since it does not require an expenditure of cash—”

“Oh, no, Ma’am,” agreed Tally quickly. “We are finding everything we shall have need of in your excellent storerooms. So wise of you to have saved so many useful items! If you will grant me permission to use what is necessary? To make the children comfortable, of course?”

With an even more reluctant nod—for in spite of her ill-will she could think of no reasonable excuse to do otherwise—Mrs. Dade gave permission. She gave the chastened group a final glare and departed.

Alfred and Piety had restored the lamps to the dining room, and the small party resumed the interrupted meal. Charlotte was the first to speak.

“It was Rafe got her up here!” she said, her small face sullen with anger. “I knew he would try to stop us. He is mean, and never wishes Maude and me to have any fun!”

If that were all his reason! thought Tally, but she did not try to argue with the child. Instead, she brought the conversation around to plans for the next day, and a discussion of the clothing to be made for the girls. “Our first task must be to discover just what treasures we have in these attics,” she announced gaily. “And since we do not wish to waste our time over quite unnecessary objects, we must now make a list of what needs to be done to create a proper background for the Misses Dade!”

Maude began to glow again at the pleasant prospect, the servants entertained thoughts of sparkling new liveries, and even sullen Charlotte came out of her sulks to join the fun. As soon as the meal was finished, Tally set the girls to writing lists at the cleared table. Loath to dismiss Alfred and Piety from the cozy circle, Tally took their measure for, respectively a new dress and a new coat. Then she inquired as to the possibility of a contrivance like a basket which might be lowered from the window of their dining room to the ground, in which could be placed the various dishes containing their meal. Alfred was much struck by this idea, and said he had heard of just such an engine from one of the grooms who accompanied the family to London. But in that case, he added regretfully, the device was built into the house itself, and operated from the kitchen, below stairs, to the dining room on the ground floor directly above it. After a minute devoted to cogitation, he announced that Tally’s idea would be workable; he knew of just such a basket, in which Cook sometimes conveyed supplies from the village. Ropes and a pulley he could find in the stable. Fired with enthusiasm, he hurried over to the window and made sure there was a stout beam above the window, to which a pulley could be attached. Even Jocelyn Temple was inspired by the eagerness of the party to relate a few interesting examples of the discovery of physical apparati, such as the wheel, the inclined plane and the pulley itself. Delighted, Tally sat back and thoroughly enjoyed the warm friendliness of the little group.

She made use of a lull in the educational dialogue to suggest to Piety that all meals for the top floor should be placed in the basket as soon as Alfred had constructed the device. Charlotte set them laughing by referring to it as their “basket waiter.” Tally volunteered to be in charge of washing up their dishes and cutlery, which she proposed to keep in a cabinet in their new dining room.

“And now, goodnight, Piety, Alfred” She smiled around the circle of excited little faces. “We shall see you in the morning, shall we not? Rest well.” When they had gone she turned to the girls. “Now as to dishes. I saw some pretty ones in the storeroom, and if there is not a complete set, we shall eke out our resources with a few from the kitchen—with Cook’s permission of course!” She smiled at the children. “Cook must also be persuaded to give us our own cutlery and table linen, for I shall volunteer to keep them shining and fresh, and for that purpose I shall need to have a large bowl and some dish towels placed unobtrusively in our powder room.” She smiled again. “Are we not going on famously, girls?”

Maude was dazed with enjoyment and weariness. She had never had such attention as she was now receiving. Charlotte, while vastly intrigued and pleased with the whole new situation, was less euphoric.

“This is all going to cause a great deal of work, Miss Temple, and I should like to know who is to do it?” she asked, as suspiciously as her mother had done.

Tally turned the question. “How thoughtful of you, Charlotte, to care about the added burden upon Piety and Alfred! You will make a successful mistress of your own home, one day, if you are so thoughtful of the welfare of your servants. Mr. Temple will be pleased to see this fresh evidence of your intelligent concern.” She cast an appealing glance at her father.

Mr. Temple hastened to add all that was supportive, and mildly suggested that, after such Herculean labors as the party had performed that day, he believed they should seek their couches with no further delay. He took his leave with proper observance, and left the little girls and Tally staring at one another with tired satisfaction.

“To answer your earlier question more practically, Charlotte, I intend to do a great deal of the extra work our new estate has presented; Piety and Alfred will do what they would normally do, and by some pretty careful management, we can perhaps reduce the total load. For instance: at the moment, Piety spends much time bringing up fresh water for our ablutions—that means washing and bathing, Maude! Shall we ask Alfred—no mean inventor!—to run one of the downspouts into our powder room from the eves? Could he install a cistern there, to catch the rain? Hair washed in rainwater becomes soft and shining.”

Charlotte’s mouth, which had been open to voice an objection, closed slowly. Then she frowned. “What would happen when the cistern overflowed? For I must tell you, Miss Temple, that the rains here often last for days.”

Tally chuckled. “Charlotte, you continue to amaze me with your good sense! It would be a sad end to all our plans if we caused a flood to seep down upon the rooms below! We must find some way of turning off the flood when the cistern is full. We might ask Father. Or, better, can you, Charlotte think of a device we might use?”

Leaving the little girl importantly considering the matter, Tally slipped away to the darkened bedroom she was to share with the children. She checked the beds. They were not comfortable. Tally wondered if she should enlist Alfred’s help in setting up something better from the storerooms, but decided to let that go for the nonce in case Mrs. Dade made another lightning foray onto the third floor. The sheets appeared clean if not ironed; the pillows were no lumpier than she had occasionally known at Miss Enderby’s. The small room between the schoolroom and the bedroom would make an excellent powder closet in which a bathing tub might be fitted as well as the children’s commode and her own. As for the nursery-turned schoolroom, it must have attention too, since it was even more drab and uncomfortable than the bedroom.

The girl sighed wearily, and alone for a few minutes, allowed her exhaustion and disappointment to bow her shoulders. She slumped against the wall near the head of her bed, collecting energy to get the children ready for the night. A sound at the door made her look up quickly. Rafe Dade lounged in the open doorway, his face red and greasy with overindulgence. He was leering at her triumphantly.

Tally was suddenly infused with a cold fury. She took up the lamp she had brought. “You will get out of this room at once,” she said coldly. “Or I shall fling this lamp at you and burn the house down!”

Correctly reading the message on that white face, Rafe turned and stumbled back along the corridor.





Chapter 5



The next morning after breakfast, having sent the children into the storeroom to look for suitable dresses for refashioning, Tally made her way to the nursery which she was determined to change into a cheerful schoolroom that very day. She was in the act of pinning up some bright pictures of modish dresses from a copy of The Lady’s Magazine which she had brought with her from Bath, when the door opened and a pleasant male voice inquired, “Am I speaking to Miss Thalia Temple?”

Tally turned quickly, although the voice had not been that of Rafe Dade. She beheld a slender, well-dressed man with reddish hair and bright blue eyes in a pleasing countenance.

“I am James Kendale, Miss Temple,” he introduced himself. “I have come to visit my sister, Mrs. Dade. She would like you to bring the children down for luncheon today, to entertain their uncle.”

“Of course, Mr. Kendale,” said Tally, smiling.

“I had just a glimpse of your dining room as I came along the corridor,” Kendale went on, with an appealing smile upon his open face. “You have created a charming atmosphere there.”

“Thank you, Mr. Kendale,” replied Tally demurely, but her eyes and dimples wee sparkling. How on earth had the belligerent Mrs. Dade ever got a brother of James Kendale’s quality? He must have been, she thought with a naughtiness her father would have deplored, the best of the litter. Yet there were, she could discern, some resemblances: hair that was carroty-red in Mrs. Dade was a softer auburn in the brother; her beaky proboscis was a quite acceptable Roman nose on his larger face. The greatest difference was in manner, however. Where Mrs. Dade was domineering, rude and bad-tempered, Mr. James Kendale presented to the world a calm, friendly and courteous demeanor. Tally decided at once that she liked the young man. Conducting him to the refurbished dining room, she left him there with a smile while she went to tell the nursery party that their uncle had come to invite them to luncheon downstairs.

“And you, too, Miss Temple?” asked Maude, clinging a little nervously to Tally’s hand.

“Yes, Maude, I am to accompany you. Your dame de compagnie, you remember? Shall we tidy ourselves for this social encounter?”

Charlotte had weightier matters on her mind. “We must ask him to dine upstairs with us, must we not Miss Temple?” she demanded. “I am sure I have heard Mama say often enough that all dinners must be paid for in kind.”

While rather deprecating the businesslike terms of this dictum, Tally agreed quickly that it would be very pleasant to entertain their uncle at their own table, and deputed Charlotte to write him an invitation this very night before she went to bed.

“That will give him notice of the event, and give us time to alert Cook to prepare a specially nice repast for the chosen day,” she advised. Charlotte agreed happily, and even consented to having her long hair brushed neatly before she washed her hands and face.

Tally was pleased to note that the thorny, loud-voiced little child was slowly blossoming into an agreeable and intelligent girl who might, if she could be allowed to continue in this way, become a bright and interesting adult. But I really cannot see myself remaining in this nightmare family for enough years to guarantee it! thought Tally with an access of depression. If Rafe were to persist in his persecution, there would inevitably come a time when she would not be armed with a lighted lamp, or he be so fuddled with wine as to be easily outmaneuvered. Resolving to ask Cook for the canister of red pepper that very day, Tally helped her charges to wash and don their prettiest dresses. Then with a smiling reminder to be on their very best behavior, so that Uncle James would be eager to take a meal later in their own private dining room, she led her eager students to their uncle, who escorted the party down three flights of stairs to the main dining room.

The door was open and the family was just moving around the table to take their places as Tally and the children entered. At once all the adults turned to stare. Tally took the lead, making a simple curtsey toward Mrs. Dade. The girls followed suit quite creditably, their eyes anxious.

“Mrs. Dade, Miss Charlotte and Miss Maude are here as you requested.”

Her employer, torn between surprise at Tally’s modish dress and satisfaction at the excellent appearance and conduct of her daughters, merely gave a sniff. Squire Dade came forward to greet his children and their new governess. He was a large, brutally coarse-looking man, his face red and swollen from the eight bottles of port he, in common with his fellow squires, consumed every night. His person, as he approached Tally, was redolent of liquor, sweat, and horse. The girl caught her breath as he took her hand.

“So you are the new governess, are you? Well, you’re better looking than that old scarecrow, Temple. Perhaps you’ll be able to teach the gels enough to get ’em husbands some day!”

Having thus demolished any pretensions she or her parent might have nourished as to their scholarly usefulness in his family, Squire Dade, glancing sideways at his wife, reluctantly released Tally’s hand and stumped back to the head of his table. Rafe was looking sullen, and his younger brother, Josh, another hulking lout, was laughing boisterously and making hideous faces at his sisters. James Kendale came over to the rather forlorn “guests,” and, taking Charlotte’s arm, led her toward the table and seated himself beside her. Tally, after a glance at Mrs. Dade, led Maude to a place beside her father, and took the adjoining seat herself.

The meal was served. Tally was so proud of her charges that tears threatened to come into her eyes. They were a quiet, well-mannered pair, and ate with considerably greater delicacy than the older Dades. It was easy to see where Charlotte had learned her gobbling ways, for her father and both brothers ate as though they had been informed that the food would be removed within the next five minutes. The men meanwhile kept up a heavy-handed raillery of one another and of Mr. Kendale. This gentleman, Tally noted, was well able to maintain his calm demeanor under the attack. He smiled at their wildest charges, replied seldom—and then in a pleasant, nonprovoking way—and addressed most of his remarks to his sister and the children. Tally herself was not spoken to, nor did she venture a remark. She noticed that the girls’ eyes were on her frequently, alert to copy her quiet elegance of manner. She was just beginning to hope that the meal would go off without trouble when Mrs. Dade cleared her throat loudly in preparation for a speech.

“James,” she demanded. “You are staying for at least a fortnight, are you not?”

Her brother smiled warmly. “If I do not put you out—?”

Both Squire Dade and his lady denounced the suggestion. James was obviously much admired. Even Tally, though she said nothing, agreed that the presence of this pleasant and good-humored gentleman could only enhance a family remarkably lacking in well-bred behavior and easy discourse.

Mrs. Dade was continuing. “I have a special interest in wishing you to remain, brother. Lady Frampten is holding a Ball to introduce her daughter to our local society, and when I mentioned your arrival, she was most pressing that you should attend.”

“I shall be most happy to do so,” agreed James warmly. “I think I have not met the young lady?”

“No, she’s been off at some school for peers’ daughters,” said his sister. “Amelia Frampten is bursting with pride over the girl, and is vastly eager for all the local eligibles to catch a glimpse of her.”

“Then I am scarcely to be included,” bantered Mr. Kendale with a bland smile. “Being neither local nor especially eligible.”

“The girl is,” announced Squire Dade heavily. “Father’s got bulging pockets and no sons. Hanging out for a son-in-law.”

Tally, under cover of modestly lowered eyelids and a spurious interest in her plate, was following this exchange with interest. She was expecting to hear a good-humored set down from the young man across from her. Instead he waited a moment, and then said thoughtfully, “Is she pretty?”

Squire Dade guffawed. “I hear she’s a starched-up piece, but not too bad to look at. Especially when you think of her father’s moneybags. Better get your word in, Kendale!”

The young man made no reply, but Tally, raising her eyes to his face, noticed a quiet smile about his well-shaped lips. She was strangely relieved that he had not risen to the bait more obviously. Of course, she assured herself, any young man with his fortune to seek might be forgiven for considering the possibilities in an arranged marriage. Such alliances were made every day; no one thought any the less of the man or woman who agreed to an advantageous match. On the contrary! Unless the local heiress was a diamond of the first water, she might do very much worse for herself than to marry a charming, handsome, well-mannered man like James Kendale. At this thought, such a wave of envy struck Tally that, dismayed, she set her teeth against it as though it were a physical pain. Fortunately at this moment, and not at all to Tally’s surprise, Mrs. Dade summarily dismissed her daughters and their governess. That the meal was not quite over, with the dessert still to be served, did not seem to weigh with her. Rather sharply she told Tally to get the children outside for a long walk.

“Combined with a Nature lesson, if you are capable of it,” she added waspishly. “You are keeping the girls too much of the time indoors making your quarters comfortable.”

Tally, who would have welcomed a cup of tea at this moment, felt immediately put on her mettle to endorse the scheme of a walk when she saw how disappointed the children were at the abrupt termination of their treat. Somehow Tally got them out of the dining room without an explosion of ill humor which might well have prejudiced the image they had so far presented. As they went up to their quarters Maude was silent, and Charlotte muttered angrily beneath her breath.

While Tally was helping them into warm jackets and gloves, however, the child broke out angrily, “I do not think it very polite to bundle us off as though we were poor relations! We had behaved just as we ought, had we not, Miss Temple? The meal was not over—we had not been offered dessert . . . and it was gooseberry tart, with cream!”

The sight of her small, angry face tugged at Tally’s heart. It had been a thoughtless, unkind gesture to deny the children a treat they loved. Their behavior at table had indeed not warranted any such summary dismissal. Still, it would avail little to reinforce the girls’ sense of injustice, to say nothing of her own disappointment in being denied the pleasure of tea and good company.

Good company? her common sense challenged her. The Dades? Tally was forced to accept the fact that what she was regretting was the opportunity to chat with the courteous and charming Mr. James Kendale.

He is here to try his luck with the heiress, she told herself scornfully, but was soon able to find considerable evidence to the contrary, to wit: Mr. Kendale had not known Miss Frampten was an heiress; he had not even known there was a Miss Frampten, or that he himself had been invited on purpose to meet an eligible young lady.

Noting the children’s restlessness, Tally dragged herself out of such fruitless musings. Maude was voicing a plaintive cry that she was still hungry and really didn’t wish to go for a walk in the cold wind. Unhappily conscious of her dwindling resources, Tally nevertheless proposed as a treat for her disappointed charges that they make the village sweet shop their goal, and see what goodies might be found therein. This suggestion finding immediate favor with the little girls, the party of three set out in better heart for the village of Crofton. There must indeed have been something restorative about brisk exercise, for Tally found herself recounting a marvelous tale of two little girls who were shipwrecked upon a tropic isle, forced to make do with exotic fruits and nuts until they eventually discovered a pirate’s treasure and were providentially rescued by a naval cruiser the next day.

This excursion into fantasy had the children at first puzzled and then enthusiastic. They hardly noticed the chill wind after the first few minutes of the story. Charlotte, recognizing the sweet shop as they were almost past it (it was also the bakery for the village, and sold pots, tea, coffee, sugar, treacle, and, in the back room, ladies’ corsets), was moved to wonder that they had arrived so quickly, while little Maude could only plead with Tally to tell her “what happened next?”

Congratulating herself upon the success of her ploy, Tally led her charges into the tiny, crowded shop, which was presently full of deliciously tempting odors. Maude, suddenly shy, whispered to Tally to choose for her. Charlotte’s eyes had been drawn to a display of marzipan rabbits, but at the moment of announcing her choice, she suddenly changed it to request one of the enormous barley sugar balls displayed in a bowl. Tally bought three, for she had not been given the opportunity to indulge herself often with sweets, which were frowned upon by Miss Enderby. She was aware, during the blissful if rather obstructed thanks of her charges, that Charlotte’s eyes had strayed briefly once again to the plate of marzipan figures. Hastily reviewing her finances, she invited the girls to admire an elaborately knitted shawl which was displayed upon the far wall. With their attention thus distracted, she quietly purchased and secreted in her reticule three small bunnies with chocolate ears. Exchanging a conspiratorial smile with the proprietress, Tally led the children out into the street and back toward Dade Hall.

With their mouths comfortably full of barley candy, Charlotte and Maude and their governess were content to make the journey in silence. They were almost at the gateway to the property when Tally was alerted to the pounding of hooves upon the graveled drive. It was fortunate that she had even this much notice, for, at that instant, out through the open iron gates galloped a rawboned gray stallion whipped on by Rafe Dade. It was clear that he was a bruising rider with more bottom than skill and no common sense at all. This was demonstrated rather alarmingly when the youth charged his mount straight at the schoolroom party. The gray, rolling a frantic, white-rimmed eye, tried to avoid the now-screaming girls. Tally snatched them to her and cast herself sideways out of the path of the stallion.

At the last moment Rafe sawed on the reins and dashed madly past, his raucous laughter ringing loudly above the wails of the children.

Tally picked them up and tried to brush the mud and gravel from their clothing. Most fortunately, neither of the children had been hurt, although Tally, who had cushioned their fall, felt numerous small discomforts and a suspicious moisture on her elbow where her sleeve was torn.

Charlotte was raging. She had lost the tasty nub of her barley sugar ball when she had opened her mouth to scream. Tally, more shaken than she cared to admit to the children, was anxious to get back to the safety of their room before any of them could become hysterical, and would not let Charlotte stop to search in the gravel for her sweet. It was a cold, shaken and unhappy trio who began to disrobe in the bedroom a few minutes later. Tally had led them in through the back door, being most anxious not to encounter any of the adults in the family. Cook expressing alarm at their white faces, had been easily persuaded to send Alfred and Piety up to the room with cans of hot water for a soothing soak.

When she had the girls safely in their room, Tally, still seething with suppressed anger at Rafe’s callous disregard of his sisters’ safety, said gravely, “We had a fright, did we not? I believe we should cosset ourselves a little, do not you? First I must make sure you were not hurt when I pulled you to the ground. Then we shall soak ourselves in a warm tub and put on fresh clothing for dinner in our lovely room. I must tell you now that I have a small surprise for you after dinner, since we did not get dessert at luncheon.”

Maude’s expressive little countenance immediately brightened, but Charlotte was not so easily diverted. She came close to Tally and said sternly, “You are hurt, Miss Temple. Your pretty jacket is torn and there is blood. I hate my brother! He is cruel and wicked. He tried to ride us down!”

Tally sought to make light of the matter. “My elbow is barely grazed. I shall wash it when the hot water comes. As for my jacket, if I cannot mend it, I shall just make another one. Have you decided what sort of dress you would wish me to make for you, Charlotte?”

This question served admirably to divert the child’s attention. “Have we time before our supper to look in the storerooms, Miss Temple? There are trunks full of clothing and you did say you could use them to make something modish for Maude and me,” coaxed the child. She glared down at her dark brown fustian pinafore with contempt. “I loathe and detest these ugly, drab dresses!”

Delighted at her interest, Tally answered warmly, “Of course we have time! Before we wash and dress ourselves for supper, we shall search for the softest, prettiest materials we can find to make some costumes for you both.”

While heartily agreeing that the children’s present garments were dull and unbecoming, Tally realized it would be absurd to deck them out in brocades and satins for schoolroom wear. Hoping very much that some acceptable materials might be discovered in the trunks, she led the way to the storeroom with forced enthusiasm.

“I must congratulate you, Charlotte, upon your excellent command of words. Loathe and detest,” she quoted. “The first comes from Anglo-Saxon, lathian, meaning to be hateful. They had it from the Germans, who had it from someone else. Our English language is a wonderful storehouse of many different languages—very much as your family has collected interesting and useful objects from many different times and persons.”

“And now they are there for us to use again,” said Charlotte in pleased anticipation.

“To fit them to our own particular needs,” agreed Tally, “even as we fit Latin words and Norman French words to our modern use. Take the other word you used, Charlotte: detest. It comes from the French, who had it from the Romans—detestare, to curse someone by calling on the gods to witness. Is it not interesting to consider how it came about that our splendid English tongue is so rich and varied?”

Charlotte, preening herself upon her command of so diversified an instrument, said with some satisfaction, “I loathe and detest Rafe, too. I call the gods to witness.”

Maude was shocked, but Tally had to laugh, and the three of them ended up in a fit of uncontrollable giggling. But Charlotte’s mind was hungry for information. She demanded to be told more.

“Well,” said Tally, “the English language is a most fabulous instrument, you know! When the Romans, Angles, Saxons, Normans came in turn across the sea in our little island, conquering Britons, a fierce Celtic people, with sword and flame, they found themselves, while for the time apparently subduing us, eventually themselves absorbed into the life of Britain. Rather than destroying us, they mixed with us, gave us depth and variety of character as well as knowledge, culture and new skills. In fact, we melded with our conquerors, until now we are all British—not Latins or French or German. This is shown most clearly in our beautiful English tongue, to which in turn Romans, Anglo-Saxons and Normans brought their gifts of ideas and words for them. This made our language, as you have demonstrated, Charlotte, a flexible tool capable of expressing everything from the poetry of Shakespeare to the crude forcefulness of an angry coachman!” She chuckled, remembering the masterly burst of invective which had accompanied the departure of the Bath coach.

Charlotte was staring at her intently. “Can you teach me about—about all that?” she asked.

“Of course, my dear! I am doing so. This is your first lesson. I must tell you that you have already a command of the language beyond what is customary for your years. You must have had a good teacher.”

“Miss Graeme, A Scotswoman, was our governess for a while. She was the only one who seemed to care if we learned anything. The rest just wished to keep us quiet and out of Mama’s way.”

“Now that we are here,” ventured Maude, a little bored by the scholarly discussion. “May we not find the materials for our new dresses?”

“Of course!” answered Tally. “We have more than an hour before our supper will be served.”

The interval was spent eagerly turning over the contents of numerous trunks and boxes. Tally was heartened to find that not every mistress of Dade Hall had the same lack of taste as its current chatelaine. There was one gauze with silver threads which caught her immediate fancy, but she sternly repressed unworthy longings and concentrated upon materials suitable for children’s clothing. There was a light blue woolen cape which contained enough material to make a pleasant daytime dress for each girl. Tally thought it might be collared with the fine lawn from a pair of lace-edged handkerchiefs. There was a rose silk peignoir, hardly worn at all, which would make charming party dresses for the children. There were several lace fichus which, washed and gently bleached, could be fashioned into dress-up blouses which any little girl would sigh for. Maude even came upon a cameo brooch still pinned to an old shawl, which Tally could immediately picture at the throat of one of the blouses.

Tally was ready to call a halt for the day when Charlotte, hanging precariously half in and half out of a huge box, discovered the tartan plaid and kilt. It had belonged to a man, and its comfortable dimensions were great enough to provide a striking warm suit for each child. The girls hailed its glowing colors with delight, and felt the soft, thick material with eager claims that it would keep them cozy on even the coldest days. Their governess was happy to affirm their judgment, and was preparing to lead her laden charges back to their room with their booty when Charlotte said gruffly, “I think I have found something for you, Miss Temple.”

Tally looked back. Charlotte was holding a crimson velvet costume which must, by its style, have belonged to the wife of the founder of the Dade fortune. The skirt was vast, having obviously been intended to be displayed over a hoop, and the color was a quiet radiance in the gloom of the storeroom. Although greatly moved by the look on the little girl’s face, Tally still had the impulse to repudiate the gift and explain both her position in the household and her feeling that all material should be made over for her charges. Then she considered Charlotte’s pleasure in having been able to offer such a gift, and the unaccustomed softness in the little face. She gave the child a wide, delighted smile. “My dear Charlotte, this is the finest present I have ever received! Thank you most sincerely!”

A single glance at the child’s beaming face was enough to tell her she had made the correct decision.

Piety and Alfred had delivered the hot water. Tally got both girls into the capacious tub, presented them with some lavender soap and two washcloths, and told them to get to work. They did so, amid a spate of giggles. Then, clean, relaxed and in fresh clothing, they sat down to plan their next action while they waited for supper. Before even half of the possibilities offered by the clothing had been discussed, Piety came tapping at the door to announce that supper was served.

It was eaten with much lighthearted conversation and laughter, even Piety reflecting the spirit of jollity on her shining-clean little face. Tally noticed that her hands were already showing some improvement from the use of the lotion she had supplied, and she inquired now, “Are your poor hands feeling easier now?”

“Oh, yes, Miss! Those cotton gloves you give me, I put them on over the lotion and they make me feel so—so comf’table! Cook says you will spoil me for sure.”

Tally laughed. “I know she is teasing you, Piety, for a harder worker I have never encountered. Is this not so, Charlotte—Maude?”

Maude agreed eagerly, smiling at Piety, but Charlotte was unexpectedly quiet. After a rather embarrassing minute while he child scrutinized the servant, Charlotte said, frowning, “Could we perhaps make a better dress for Piety? She has worn that one as long as I can remember, Miss Temple. It must be very—” She faltered.

“Depressing?” suggested Tally softly.

“Yes, that’s it. Very depressing to have only the one dress to wear.”

Piety burst into tears.

When Tally had helped her to regain her composure, and had explained to the dismayed children that females sometimes cried for joy as well as for unhappiness, the rest of the meal was spent in considering what garments were to be made first for all four persons present. This involved an explanation on Tally’s part concerning patterns to be drawn, materials to be chosen for their suitability, and then to be cut according to the cloth available. Then there would be the actual sewing. Tally promised to give them all some instruction in this, but suggested that, for the first four dresses, she herself would sew them quickly.

“We shall begin our work in the morning, girls. I think new day dresses for you three is our first concern.”

“What will we say if Mama discovers we are not having lessons?” faltered Maude.

“Oh, but we shall be!” Tally reassured her. “Drawing and a study of modish style are surely important skills for young ladies who wish to become à la mode, are they not? That is what your Mama has in mind for you.”

Charlotte sighed. “It is like magic, Miss Temple! I cannot ever remember being this anxious to get to work in the schoolroom.”

As they rose from the table, and Piety, grinning shyly, began to clear away, Tally lifted her reticule. “In all our excitement over the dresses, it is no wonder I had forgotten my promise to give you a small treat after supper.” Both children froze with their eyes upon the reticule. Even Piety stopped working to watch, a sympathetic smile upon her countenance. Tally opened the bag and gave a tiny cry.

“What is this which has gotten into my handbag? Oh, children, you will not believe it!”

Eager voices demanded to know what Miss Temple had found.

Tally produced one small marzipan rabbit and set it upon the table. It looked so tiny and appealing that all three observers drew in a breath of pleasure. Charlotte’s eyes rose to her new governess’s face with such strength of feeling that Tally herself felt aware of tenderness. The disclosure of the second rabbit brought forth a chorus of delight. When Tally put her hand into her reticule a third time, Charlotte studied her rather than the candies upon the table. When the third rabbit emerged to take its place beside the other two, there was a silence. Then Maude turned her gaze reluctantly from the rabbits and said shyly, “Have you bought these for us, Miss Temple? Truly?”

“There are three,” said Charlotte. Her eyes went from the rabbits to her sister, Tally—and then Piety. Her unspoken question was clear.

Tally asked softly, “Will you hand out the treats, Charlotte?”

Slowly the child approached the table. She lifted one little rabbit and gave it into Maude’s eager hands. Then she picked up the second, and walking over to Piety, pressed it into her startled grasp. Then she walked back to the table. Smiling a little nervously at Tally, she said, “You and I must have rabbit stew for supper, Miss Temple! Can you cook it?” She handed the third rabbit to Tally.

“A Solomon!” breathed Tally. Then Miss Enderby’s most brilliant pupil caught the little girl close to her, and hugged her hard.





Chapter 6



The fortnight before Lady Frampten’s Ball was the most demanding two weeks Tally had ever lived through. Mrs. Dade, impressed in spite of herself by the smart and becoming costumes which the new governess had made up for the girls and Piety and Alfred using only the old rubbish in the attics, decided to have the girl smarten up her employer’s wardrobe as well. With an ill grace, she consulted Tally as to what gown should be worn to the Ball.

“For you, Miss Temple, seem to have some kind of notion what is in vogue among the smarts. I suppose, among your classmates in that school you are always talking about, there were young ladies of consequence whose elegant costumes you were permitted to copy. Although I cannot like the idea that so much license was allowed you.”

“License?” repeated Tally, bewildered at the direction of this thrust.

“To spend so much time making yourself costumes which were above your station,” Mrs. Dade supplied, condescendingly.

“But are you not pleased, Ma’am, that I do so employ my time?” asked Tally, limpid-eyed. “For I can now turn out your daughters as handsomely as any girls in the neighborhood—and at no cost but that of my labor!”

Mrs. Dade decided not to resent this pert reply, lest it prejudice the success of her own new wardrobe, but she stored it in memory for a future reckoning. Although she frequently deplored the possibility that Tally might get ideas above her station, the formidable matron was persuaded by her brother James to continue the practice of having the schoolroom party at the luncheon table. Charlotte and Maude reveled in this opportunity to demonstrate their newly honed good manners, and behaved so well that even the Squire was heard to remark that the brats weren’t half as knaggy as the boys. He added, with a coarse laugh, that if they could continue to improve, he might be able to get them married off before they were ninety.

His audience received this jest with mixed emotions. Maude was quite overcome at the first complimentary notice her father had ever paid her. Charlotte, tight-lipped, kept her eyes on her plate, and a dull flush mantled her cheeks. Tally had all she could do to keep from telling the insensitive parent what she thought of him, more especially since he now compounded the offense by making the disastrous suggestion that they model themselves on their governess, who had a damned fine figure and a way of dressing which brought it to a man’s notice.

Mrs. Dade’s heavy red eyebrows drew down in a thunderous scowl at this comment. She had already opened her mouth to demolish the horrified governess, unwilling recipient though she had been of the heavy-handed compliment, when James Kendale said smoothly, “My dear Cornelia, should we not pay our duty call upon Lady Frampten this afternoon? Would it not be a pretty compliment to present me to her—and her daughter!—before the hustle-bustle of the Ball itself? I shall find myself quite beneath notice—lost, in fact! in such a squeeze as it is bound to be. And that would depress our family’s pretensions too cruelly!”

This was said with such a look of mock alarm that the Squire and his sons guffawed, and even Mrs. Dade was forced to smile. The conversation, led skillfully by Kendale, moved into innocuous discussion of which carriage to employ upon the errand, and whether Squire Dade and the boys should accompany the party.

To Tally, who had been dismayed at the Squire’s heavy-handed and most improper remark, Mr. Kendale’s intervention held all the glamor of a knightly rescue. What a fine man he was! Tally had enough nous to recognize a masterly diversion when she beheld one. The girl felt keen admiration and gratitude for her unexpected champion. Even the little twinkle of laughter in the bright blue eyes which observed her departure from the table was a friendly and unobtrusive sign of his interest and kindliness. Tally, commanded to remove herself and her charges from the dining room just before dessert, avoided the minatory glare of her employer as she busied herself thinking of ways to divert the girls from their inevitable distress at being ousted immediately before the sweet was served.

She could not suggest a walk to the sweet shop again, for her funds had dwindled sharply, and today’s incident warned her that she would have to conserve the remainder in case of desperate need. Rafe had hardly taken his eyes off her during luncheon, and Tally knew his behavior would not long pass unremarked by his sharp-eyed Mama. Also, the Squire’ crude compliment had alerted her to the possibility that she might have an even more powerful aggressor than Rafe to fend off. Tally sighed and wished she might seek comfort from her father. This of course was impossible, for it would result in an open break with the Dades, inadvisable with her finances at such low ebb, and no other prospect of employment in sight. Setting her shoulders, she took the children for a walk through the garden, and upon sight of the solitary, irascible peacock which Mrs. Dade had, in a momentary aberration, imported to give the park ton, she told the little girls the Greek myth of Argus, the giant guardian whose hundred eyes were placed in the tail of a peacock after the giant had been killed by Hermes, the messenger of the gods. This rather gory legend went down very well with the girls, especially Charlotte, who was feeling bloody-minded at the loss of dessert. There was a happy ending, however, for upon receiving their supper from the kitchen, they found that Cook, an admirer of Tally, had provided them with a generous portion of gâteau, garnished with cream and cherries.

The atmosphere upon the following day was unusually harmonious. Tally had already learned from Piety that the visit to the Framptens had gone off in fine style. Mrs. Dade was in alt at the success her brother had made. She could not refrain from quoting at length what Lady Frampten had said to him, and Miss Mary had said, and how everyone had been much struck by Mr. Kendale’s wit and charm. Tally was glad enough to hear this good report of her champion, and only a little wistful that she had not been present to witness his triumph for herself.

I am like the girls, she rallied herself, petulant at missing dessert!

She knew very well that there could be nothing between an impecunious governess and the brother of her employer, but, oh, it was comforting to receive occasionally a warm smile and a pleasant word! To say nothing of James’s efforts to defend her from his sister’s wrath!

Tally was busily employed upon the creation of a ball gown for Mrs. Dade one afternoon toward the end of the week, and had reached a point where it was necessary for her to have a fitting before completing her task. Rather than summon the overworked Piety or Alfred up three flights to bear a message, Tally ran lightly down to the drawing room, from which issued a murmur of voices. Tapping lightly, she pushed open the door.

Gathered in a rather stiff group around a tea table sat three very elegant ladies and Mrs. Dade. Lounging against the mantel, Mr. Kendale greeted the new arrival with one humorously raised eyebrow and a pleasant smile. Mrs. Dade was not so forbearing.

“What is it now, Miss Temple? Are you having difficulties with the girls?”

As though I were forever interrupting and pushing myself forward, fumed Tally, but she managed to say lightly, “The children are well-occupied in the school room, Ma’am. There was just a detail about one of your new gowns. The modiste wanted your opinion on some very crucial matter—a drape over the bodice, I believe.”

This provocative statement, delivered with a mischievous smile which invited the ladies present to share the joke, was received with a pricking up of interest from the bored-looking guests.

“Do you tell me you have a modiste bring your gowns from London, Mrs. Dade?” asked a middle-aged woman whose air of self-confident hauteur proclaimed her to be Lady Frampten.

Since Mrs. Dade, never too quick in repartee unless she was berating a servant, seemed unable or unwilling to answer the question, Tally, adopting an air of fawning subservience which brought the familiar twinkle to James’s eyes, said primly, “Oh, no, Milady, just from Bath. Colette has such an excellent shop there!”

Since this was true, as Tally knew from her years at Miss Enderby’s, and since it was also known to every lady in the district who had any pretensions to elegance, it could not but bring reluctant admiration and some envy from those present. Mrs. Dade closed her mouth and seemed a little dazed at the turn events had taken. Tally continued meekly, “I shall request the dressmaker to await your convenience, Ma’am.”

She was turning back to the door when the youngest of the guests, a rather plain girl with a lively countenance and manner, called out, “Tally! It is you, is it not?”

Tally whirled at the remembered voice. “Cloris!” she said with genuine pleasure. “How good to see you again!”

“You know this girl, Cloris?” demanded Lady Frampten.

“Oh, yes, Godmama! She was Head Girl at Miss Enderby’s, and won all the prizes, and on many occasions included me in the fun, besides helping me with my studies when I was quite overcome by difficulties.” It all came out in one ecstatic burst. “I was always a poor scholar,” she confessed humbly.

“So you were at Miss Enderby’s Seminary?” queried Lady Frampten, not appearing much pleased at the idea of her goddaughter having mingled with young women who later turned up as servants.

“My father is a scholar, and concerned to have the best possible education for his daughter; thus, Miss Enderby’s. But he is also a younger son,” admitted Tally with a wryly humorous quirk to her beautiful mouth. “Mrs. Dade has given me the post of governess to her charming daughters.”

“Temple?” mused Lady Frampten. “Not the Derbyshire Temples, by any chance?”

“Nothing so racy.” Tally was betrayed into a most unsuitable touch of banter. “No, my father’s people have resided in London forever. My mother he met at Oxford.” She was reluctant to tell them more, and indeed there seemed little real interest on the part of her inquisitor. With a final smile at Cloris, and a curtsey to the rest of the company, Tally took her leave, lest her employer come to believe she was trying to make a place for herself among the guests. As she closed the door behind her, she caught a flash of an encouraging smile from James.

It was not long after that that Annie, the upstairs maid, came to the schoolroom, where Tally was congratulating her pupils on the neat and careful work they had done, to inform Miss that Mrs. Dade wished to see her in her bedroom.

“Yer to bring the dress you was speakin’ about, ’cause she’s got time to try it on now.”

Leaving the children to play a game of noughts and crosses, Tally caught up the new dress carefully, and, armed with scissors, needle and thread, ran lightly down to her mistress’s bedroom.

Mrs. Dade seemed put out about something, and got herself into the new garment without comment. When she viewed herself in the mirror, however, her tight-lipped expression softened and she preened a little. “I must admit,” she said harshly, “that you do know how to sew and contrive a garment, if nothing else! Why did you not tell me that you knew Cloris Blackstone?”

“It had not occurred to me that I should be meeting her here, Ma’am,” replied Tally.

“Well, it has put me in a quandary,” grumbled her employer, pursing her lips and drawing in her not inconsiderable stomach. “I shall have to wear my new corset with this! Well, it looks smart enough for the ball. And the color suits me.”

Tally remained silent, realizing that Mrs. Dade had never appeared to better advantage, yet not thinking it politic to say so. After a few more minutes spent posturing in front of the mirror, Mrs. Dade returned to her quarrel. “Miss Blackstone has persuaded her ladyship to invite you to the ball Saturday evening,” she said grudgingly.

“But that is quite impossible!” gasped the girl.

“Precisely what I told them, but her ladyship would have none of it. And James added his persuasions.” This seemed to annoy Mrs. Dade more than anything else. “He told me—after the ladies had left, of course!—that your presence might serve to distract Lord Philip Sandron’s attention from Miss Frampten, and give my brother his chance to engage the girl’s interest. I told James he was quite beside the bridge, for what peer would deign to notice a governess? Most unsuitable!” she fumed and muttered on, but Tally was paying her no heed. So that was what the encouraging smile had meant! That her champion intended to secure for her a little pleasure to lighten the grim drabness of her life. What a kind man he was! And how ingenious to fix upon such a reason for his partisanship: that Tally might lure away some elegant lordling from paying court to Miss Frampten. Tally almost forgot herself so far as to laugh aloud at such a ridiculous yet ingenious scheme. For surely Mrs. Dade must be forced to favor any stratagem which might give her charming young brother a better chance at the noble heiress! Not for one moment did it enter the girl’s head that James might have serious thoughts in Miss Frampten’s direction, that he might deliberately plan to use the beautiful governess to further his own designs. For one thing, Miss Mary was too much like her mother, very haughty and deplorably long in the face. Like a bad-tempered horse, thought Tally, and again was forced to stifle a laugh.

Her employer had removed the new garment.

“Well, I suppose you must come, since Lady Frampten has issued the invitation and James as good as accepted it for you. I imagine you have something to wear which will not disgrace us?”

Tally frowned. “I was not in the way of going out much socially while I was at Miss Enderby’s,” she began, and was surprised to note a look of satisfaction on her employer’s face. “I have a dress which I wore to the small soirees Miss Enderby arranged, to allow her pupils to learn how to go on in mixed company,” she suggested doubtfully. “It is not as fine as this dress, Ma’am.” She nodded toward Mrs. Dade’s new gown, which she held over arm.

“I am sure it will do very well,” said Mrs. Dade with an access of graciousness. “Just be sure mine is finished in time, and do not neglect the children while daydreaming about the treat to come.”

Tally closed her lips against the retort she would like to have made. Daydreaming! Her daylight hours were crowded with the innumerable tasks Mrs. Dade set her, in addition to those she had set for herself: teaching the girls, being a loving and enthusiastic companion to them, sewing, decorating their quarters, making sure her father ate and slept properly—! Even at night she was too tired to dream! But knowing it to be useless, she forbore to answer, merely took the new dress back to the schoolroom to be finished.

Of course she told the girls about the invitation, and they seemed at first very pleased for her. Then Charlotte said, “But Miss Temple, what shall you wear? Have you a pretty gown?”

“Would you like to look over my wardrobe?” Tally asked. From the delight upon the small faces, she knew they would like it very much. So she went over to the ancient armoire which Alfred and the youngest footman had dragged in from the attics, and which she had washed and polished and filled with her garments. When everything had been spread out upon the bed, Maude sighed blissfully.

Charlotte frowned. “There is nothing here which is as grand as Mama’s toilettes,” she said dubiously. “Yours are prettier, and of course you are not an old married lady, but still, Miss Temple—”

“Charlotte, you have good clothes sense as well as good eyes,” Tally informed her. “These are good day dresses, but there is, as you say, nothing here which would do for a debut at a formal ball.” She pursed her lips. “Now what are we to do?”

Maude immediately assumed an air of great concentration, but again Charlotte came up with the only possible answer. “We must search in the storeroom again, Tally!”

It was the first time the child had offered to call her by any but her formal title. Tally knew it had slipped out in the stress of the situation, and she did not comment. Instead she returned the child’s worried stare.

“What about the lovely red velvet you gave me? Do you think it might do?”

Charlotte frowned. “It is lovely, and I should love to see you wearing a dress made from it, but not—it seems better that you have something more . . . more youthful?” The child ended on a note of query.

“Correct again, my dear,” smiled Tally. “The velvet, while magnificent, would not be quite comme il faut for my first appearance in society. Something delicate, youthful, simple. . . .” and her mind flashed upon the white dress with the silver webbing. “Do you think that I have the right to use your mother’s—clothing?” she asked.

Charlotte swept this aside. “Of course you have! You must not embarrass the family in front of all the fine people. Besides, they aren’t Mama’s clothes. Most of them belonged to my grandparents—and probably their parents, for no one in the family seems ever to have thrown anything away! Mama was used to say they were outlandish and had them all bundled up here to get them out of the wardrobes. She told us so.”

Into Tally’s mind flashed again that memory of white gauze with silver threads through it. She had to remind herself firmly of her position in the household. But Charlotte, who was as bright as a new needle, had caught that errant expression, and said wisely, “You have remembered a particular dress in those trunks, haven’t you, Miss Temple?”

“There was a white gauze,” admitted Tally weakly with a delightful picture of herself floating around the ballroom in a swirl of silvered moonlight. In James Kendale’s arms? Or perhaps in the arms of the rival, Lord Sandron?

“Show me!” Charlotte was demanding.

Tally did.

The children were excited at the possibilities of the lovely material. To be sure, it was creased by its long retirement, and a few streaks of dust and an unidentifiable stain marred the purity of its front panel, but as Tally immediately perceived, there was enough cloth in the flowing skirts to make a dress after the fashion of the daring new Empire style which the Swiss Heideloff, driven out of France by the Revolution, had just featured in his dazzling new book, Gallery of Fashion. He had published the book in England, and of course a copy of it had appeared at Miss Enderby’s, to be joyously circulated among the older pupils. The costume Tally had chosen was a deceptively simple one, almost ingenuous with its plain neckline, baby puffed sleeves, and straight, floor-length unadorned skirt. Tally could imagine the white and silver material made up in that style, the simple high bodice caught with a ribbon beneath her breasts. Such a garment, for all its elegant simplicity was far from the modest schoolgirl’s costume Mrs. Dad had obviously envisioned. Tally shook her head regretfully and put the dress back into the trunk. “It will be too fine, Charlotte, I am, after all is said and done, a servant.”

“You are our dame de compagnie,” the child said sternly. “It would not do for you to appear shabby.”

Maude agreeing enthusiastically, Tally allowed herself to be persuaded into following a course of action which at once alarmed and attracted her. Common caution urged that she should not place herself in any form of competition with Mrs. Dade, or indeed, with anyone else. A governess permitted to sample the delights of the society of her superiors must never grasp or gobble, she must, ever mindful of her true position, be inconspicuous in action and speech, behave circumspectly and with due humility. But the image of the dress kept coming between Tally’s inner vision and common sense. Sighing, she accepted the children’s advice and took the white gown back to the bedroom.





When the dress was finished, the day before the ball, even charlotte was struck speechless. By itself it was a glimmering mist of pure and lovely line; draped upon Tally, it became the garment of Titania.

Maude said, on a sigh of pure pleasure, “You look like the Queen of the Fairies.”

And Charlotte, nodding decisively, said, “I knew it would be perfect. Now all you’ve got to do is get to the ball without Mama seeing you in it.”

This problem was resolved with a little hard thinking. When she came downstairs to join the group in the hallway the next evening, Tally wore her old tweed cape, a useful relic of the long, daily walks Miss Enderby insisted upon for all her pupils. Its chief virtue was that it completely covered its wearer and everything she had on underneath it. There was even a twee hood, but Tally did not dare to attract Mrs. Dade’s curiosity by totally concealing herself, so she let the hood hang down her back, and presented her golden hair in a neat, shining cap, its length carefully gathered into a demure snood of white and silver. Mrs. Dade eyed this with disapproval, but the battered old cape, clutched closely about Tally’s slender figure, seemed to reassure her.

“Well, let us be on our way, if we have to,” grumbled the Squire, who had been dragooned into attending his spouse to the festivities. James Kendale courteously assisted his sister into the coach. The Squire took the middle position, but when James endeavored to help Tally in beside him, the girl quickly took the facing seat, leaving James to sit beside his brother-in-law. From the sharp nod of Mrs. Dade’s head, the girl knew she had made the correct move in choosing to ride backward, and removing herself from any contact with her employer’s husband.





Chapter 7



Two hours later, Tally realized that accepting the invitation had been most ill advised. The trouble began in the room Lady Frampten had set aside as a cloakroom for her female guests. Mrs. Dade, turning away from the mirror in which she had been viewing her new dress with complacence, was confronted by the spectacle of her daughters’ governess emerging from the old tweed cape like a butterfly from a cocoon. The older woman’s eyebrows went high and then lowered in a scowl.

“Where had you that gown?” she challenged.

“I sewed it up this week,” explained Tally, trying to keep her composure.

“You did not lead me to suppose you had funds to purchase such material—” began the dame. Then, sharply, “Was it from my clothing that you took the cloth?”

Tally prevented herself from retorting that Mrs. Dade had never had such a garment in her wardrobe. “From one of the trunks in the attic,” she admitted.

“And of course it did not occur to you to get my permission to take it?” snapped the irate woman.

“You had said I might use the old garments, Ma’am,” faltered poor Tally, fearful of a public scene as the voices of some new guests could be heard at the door.

“For my children and myself—” hissed her employer.

“And for your servants,” Tally reminded her, then made a warning gesture. “Shall we go down, Ma’am? I am sure Lady Frampten must be eager to greet you.”

Since Mrs. Dade was not of a nature to listen to reason when she was in one of her rages, it was probably as well that the two newcomers wee acknowledged enemies of hers. Lady Black was the upstart wife of an impecunious baronet who had brought her husband not only a large dowry, of which he was in great need, but a pretty daughter and—triumph!—a fine son to inherit. The two middle-aged ladies were old antagonists. Even Mrs. Dade realized that the anger she felt against Tally at this moment must be kept under control lest it give Lady Black an advantage in their running battle.

Lady Black was quick in the field. “Dear Mrs. Dade, and who is this lovely child you have with you? Can it be Charlotte? Or the other daughter?”

Since Lady Black well knew that Charlotte was a carrot-haired ten-year-old, and that Rafe, the eldest Dade offspring, was only sixteen, this was a shrewd blow in more ways than one. Before the affronted Mrs. Dade could rattle back, Lady Black continued, “And you are looking unusually tonnish tonight! Have you taken a trot to the Village?

Seeing that her employer, never particularly bright, was all at sea over this modish cant, Tally ventured to enter the lists as a shield. “Mrs. Dade has no need to go all the way to London for her gowns, Ma’am,” she said with a charming gurgle of laughter, as though the whole conversation were the greatest fun. “She has discovered her own particular modiste much closer to home than that!”

The antagonist treated this intervention with a coldly challenging glance, but there was no doubt that the situation of mystery, combined with the obvious elegance of Mrs. Dade’s costume, was enough to give the militant lady pause.

“I do not believe you have been presented to me,” she rebuked Tally. “Are you related to that very good-looking Mr. Kendale?”

“I am Thalia Temple, Ma’am,” said Tally, as Mrs. Dade seemed to have lost her voice. “Dame de compagnie to Mrs. Dade’s daughters.”

“A governess!” breathed Lady Black, her protruding eyes assessing the white and silver gown in patent disbelief. Then, rallying, “Does dear Lady Frampten know that you are here?”

Mrs. Dade had had time to recover her wits. “Miss Temple,” she announced with triumph, “was at school with Lady Frampten’s goddaughter, Cloris Blackstone. At Miss Enderby’s, in Bath,” she concluded. Then, nodding in a condescending manner, she swept from the cloakroom, followed by Tally.

There was no time for more than a glance threatening future settling of accounts from Mrs. Dade, and a placating smile from Tally, before the two ladies had rejoined the waiting gentlemen and were confronting their hostess. Again their modish gowns were sharply scrutinized, but such was the press of guests waiting to be greeted that Lady Frampten could only direct a cold smile at Mr. and Mrs. Dade and an even colder one at Tally’s pretty greeting. Lady Frampten made no bones about her displeasure at the sight of Tally in the white and silver empire dress. She had, however, a warm welcome for James Kendale, who brought up the rear of the party. She even detained the tall blond man for a moment, making a special point of saying, as she indicated the young woman standing next to her in the reception line, “You have already met my daughter, Mary, have you not? Such a pretty bouquet and trinket you sent her today! She will wish to thank you in person!”

“Then may I hope to have the pleasure of a dance—or two?—Miss Mary?” Tally heard James saying in a warm, teasing voice. How nice he is! she thought, and hoped very much that Mr. Kendale would wish to stand up with the governess for one dance as well!

James Kendale did not disappoint her, although by the time he resented himself before her, Tally knew that she should never have come. Too many young men—and older ones!—had sought an introduction to the slender, golden-haired beauty in the attractive dress. Already Tally realized that her appearance was not such as to reassure anxious mamas or their hopeful daughters. A number of her guests were wondering why Amelia Frampten had been so dimwitted as to invite to her ball a dazzling Nobody who set herself up in competition with their own daughters. In vain, Lady Frampten mentioned Cloris Blackstone and Miss Enderby’s. It was obvious to the mamas of the threatened debutantes that their hostess had miscalculated. The feeling was so universal, and so evident, that James, coming to claim a dance with Tally, offered a rueful smile with his hand.

In spite of a frowning glance from Mrs. Dade, Tally rose swiftly and accepted Mr. Kendale’s offer. “This is terrible!” she breathed, as he took her into his arms.

“My sister has rather set the fox among the chickens,” he admitted, with a twinkling glance. “Or should I say, the vixen? If your hostess does not slay you, one of the other Fond Mamas is certain to do so!”

“Mr. Kendale, I have done nothing out of the way—” began Tally, desperate for his comfort.

“Nothing but look prettier than any other lady in the room, and more spirited,” he advised her. “No small crimes!”

“You think me wrong to have come,” mourned Tally, her worst fears confirmed.

“On the contrary,” James said, holding her just a little closer. His linen was so fresh and sweet smelling that Tally unconsciously drew in a breath of pleasure and beamed up at him.

Kendale, observing her closely, smiled.

“You have done me a service,” he continued softly.

“What can that be?” wondered Tally, looking up into his handsome countenance. She noticed that his eyes were focused upon something beyond her shoulder, and turned her head slightly, to catch an anxious look on the face of Miss Mary Frampten.

Flashing quickly back to James’s face, Tally noted the look which he was giving the other girl—his warmly teasing look which had so delighted herself. Then James bent his head over her own face and said softly, “You are helping me to pique Miss Frampten’s interest, you see.” Before the devastating implications of this remark had completely penetrated Tally’s awareness, James said soberly, “We are two of a kind, my dear. With neither fortune nor prospects of our own, you and I must battle the world for our survival. My brother-in-law is convinced I might be successful in a bid for Miss Mary’s hand, since I, while poor, am of an acceptable lineage.”

“But you would not? . . .” breathed Tally, dismayed.

“What else?” asked James, with such a bravely rueful smile that Tally’s innocent heart bled for him. “I owe it to my family.”

There was a pause in conversation s they moved in the dance. Then James said, with soft urgency, “You do not think the less of me, dearest little Tally? You understand I must do my duty?”

For the first time in her intelligent, sensible life, Tally allowed herself to be carried away by what a more experienced woman would have recognized as a blatantly contrived bid for sympathy. That this young man should have to sacrifice his own inclinations in order to benefit his family seemed to her both noble and tragic. She gazed up at him with her inexperienced heart in her eyes. After a long, considering look, James Kendale’s lips parted in his warm, seductive smile and he pressed her to him a little more closely. Then, to Tally’s dismay, the music stopped, and he was leading her back to her seat beside his sister. It did not really surprise Tally to find Miss Frampten standing beside Mrs. Dade. With a bow and a smile of thanks in Tally’s direction, James led his hostess’s daughter off to the supper room.

Mrs. Dade, ignoring Tally, turned to her husband. “Well, that seems to be going well enough, Henry,” she said. “He was right, the young devil!” she added fondly. “It just took a show of interest in someone else to bring Mary over here posthaste to wait for him.”

“He’s sharp enough,” grunted Squire Dade, grinning. “Now if you’re satisfied with the results of your matchmaking, Mrs. Dade, I’ll just retire to the cardroom for a drink and a hand or two of ombre.”

“You might at least have the decency to escort me to the dining room before you desert me,” snapped his lady. Her husband shrugged and offered his arm.

Turning to Tally, Mrs. Dade said coldly, “You have made enough of a show of yourself for one evening, Miss Temple. I advise you to go the cloakroom until it is time for us to go home.”

Now that my usefulness in securing Miss Frampten’s interest is over! Tally fumed. She understood how Charlotte must have felt, being dismissed from the table before dessert. Yet there was more—a deeper hurt which she had no wish to examine. She hesitated after the Dades had moved away, watching the rush of guests crowding toward the hall en route to the dining room with its buffets and drink tables. It came to her that she had not one friend in the gathering. She could not catch sight of Cloris, although they had met briefly and talked earlier in the evening. Cloris had affection for her, but was too much under the thumb of Lady Frampten to risk that lady’s ill-will by encouraging the Dade’s governess. Sighing, Tally wended her way through the crowd toward the stairway, resigning herself to a lonely couple of hours in the cloakroom until the Dades should be ready to order their carriage.

She had nearly reached the foot of the stairs when a hot hand came down on her shoulder.

“Where are you off to, my pretty maid?” queried a slurred voice. Tally looked up into a youngish man’s face, red with too-hearty indulgence in Lord Frampten’s generously supplied liquors. She slipped from under the clutching grasp.

“I do not think I know you, sir.” She began coolly.

The red-faced youth laughed loudly enough to turn several heads in their direction. “But I know you, Miss Whatever-your-name-is! You’re the governess who wheedled her way into the company of her betters, or so Mama has it. Now what I want is to see if you are anything like my old governess for, by God, you don’t look like her!”

Tally turned and ran, hoping to escape further embarrassment. Unfortunately, she caromed off a heavy body, and a muttered curse brought her the knowledge that she had bumped into her host, who was carrying two classes of wine from the dining room. It hardly seemed surprising to Tally at this dreadful moment that one of the glasses, jostled by the encounter, should tip itself down the front of her gown. Upon this scene came Lady Frampten, Miss Mary and James Kendale, who, like his host, was carrying filled wine glasses. Apparently the two couples were going to sit down together in some private nook to enjoy their dinner.

“Oh!” gasped Tally. “I am so sorry, Lord Frampten! Shall I bring another glass of wine to you?”

“Just go to the cloakroom,” advised James coldly.

Tally fled.

No one except the butler had yet noticed a very elegant gentleman who had just entered the front door and was giving his evening cloak to the butler. This dashing gentleman, a very nonpareil in the butler’s estimation, caught the little scene being enacted at the foot of the staircase, and was staring intently at the slender, beautiful girl whose exquisite gown was stained with wine. Muttering anathemas on heavy-handed country bumpkins who had neither the wit nor the skill to handle a glass of wine, Lord Philip Sandron stepped forward with an eagerness to involve himself in the painful little scene which would have surprised those who knew his dislike of faux pas and social incompetencies. To his surprise, the blundering old idiot who had spilled his wine on the girl’s dress was now recognized as his host. To his greater surprise, the old fool did not stop to assist or apologize, but was leading his companions away, leaving the girl white-faced among a sniggering group. He took a closer look. By Jove, it was the girl from the inn! But what the devil was she doing here? He moved toward her.

Too late. She had turned at last and vanished up the stairs. Lord Philip knew a fierce hope that the chit was a fellow guest, and that he would have the weekend to lay siege to that lovely citadel. Subduing his eagerness—for she was obviously a guest if only for the evening, and he would meet her later, when she had repaired her costume—Lord Philip went to find his hostess and offer his excuses.





Chapter 8



The drive home was sheer misery for Tally. Seated on the rear-facing seat beside James, she was completely ignored by the rest of the party. Mrs. Dade had nothing but praise for James’s conduct and skill in ingratiating himself with the Framptens and especially their daughter, and even the Squire made a couple of heavy jokes about his brother-in-law’s skill with the females, and requested to be invited to the shooting when James was settled in at Frampten Court.

James made his usual discreet response, but Tally found herself less in charity with her former Beau Ideal. She had finally to accept that James was an opportunist, and for all his coaxing ways with herself, he had done nothing to support her during the black moment at the Frampten’s. Tally could accept the idea that retreat was her only sensible course when, with the front of her delicate gown liberally splashed with wine, she faced the amused or disapproving stares of the clustering guests. But surely a man of Kendale’s nous might have found something to do—to say—which would have lightened the burden of shame and guilt Tally felt? He had not even tried to help her. Setting her jaw against lost illusions, Tally grimly listened as James expressed his undisguised satisfaction at his success with the heiress.

So overwhelming had been Mrs. Dade’s pleasure at her brother’s triumph that she did no more than glare dismissively at Tally when at length they reached Dade Hall. “I shall be speaking to you tomorrow,” she threatened, as the girl hurried away toward the back stairs to mount to her bedroom.

She was thankful that her charges were fast asleep. With only the light of the night candle guttering in its holder, she undressed rapidly and thrust the stained garment into the waste basket. Never would she wish to wear the dishonored dress again, even if she were granted the opportunity. It was more than possible that she would be dismissed from her post the next day. Tally lay awake for long hours, confused and deeply unhappy, trying to decide what alternate courses lay open to a penniless governess who had also to find food and lodging for a most unworldly scholar.

She was not summoned to Mrs. Dade’s presence during the morning, and had just begun to hope that James Kendale’s success had sweetened her employer’s normally nasty temper when Annie came to her where she was lunching with the girls and planning their walk for the afternoon.

“Mrs. Dade wants to see you in her bedroom,” advised the maid. “Right away.”

Tally had been giving a vivid, if sharply expurgated, description of the previous night’s festivities to the enthralled little girls. She had wisely refrained from mentioning the cruelties of adult behavior, limiting herself to a description of dress and entertainment. So there was no apprehension in the little voices which urged her to come back quickly. Tally’s own mood was apprehensive. It was foolish to hope that her employer would have been willing to overlook the governess’s success at the ball, since it had created resentment in so many of Mrs. Dade’s neighbors.

Her fears were justified.

Her employer met her with a coldly angry countenance, more alarming than her usual petulance. Mrs. Dade launched at once into the attack. “Well, Miss,” she challenged. “What is your excuse for your behavior last night? And don’t tell me Miss Enderby taught you to make a public show of yourself, for I shan’t believe it! In fact, I am beginning to doubt that you ever saw the inside of an exclusive academy, or if you did, it was as a pert maidservant, learning to imitate her betters!”

Already nervous and unsure of herself, Tally lost her hold on her temper. Still her voice remained quiet as she asked, “Which of your questions shall I answer first, Mrs. Dade? Or should I say, your accusations?”

Her employer gasped with outrage, but before she could deliver the thundering setdown she obviously had in mind, Tally went on. “To take your questions in turn: I had certainly no wish to be accosted by a drunken lout in Lady Frampten’s hallway, nor do I accept that his boorish behavior is my fault. My jostling of Lord Frampten’s arm was merest bad luck, brought about by my natural desire to escape the brutal grasp of one of his lordship’s guests. My dress was ruined by the accident, but no one had even the courtesy to express regret!” The girl was carried away by her sense of injustice, aggravated by a sleepless night. “Instead, I was ordered to the cloakroom like a servant—”

But Mrs. Dade had got her breath back.

“Like the servant you are!” she snapped. “Did you think, just because some dimwitted girl recognized you from what I am quite convinced was a most casual acquaintanceship at your school, that you were free to enter the world of those who are far above your touch? I did not see your precious Cloris offering to help you last night. She was most likely embarrassed by your encroaching behavior as were the rest of us!” She smiled nastily. “Or so she gave me to understand, when I bid her good night.”

Tally dismissed this without a second thought. Cloris was not the girl to defy her godmama, she knew, but Tally could not credit Cloris with the kind of ruthlessness which would deny an old friend.

Tally’s lack of response to this taunt seemed to send Mrs. Dade quite beyond either justice or common civility. She took a furious step toward Tally and shouted, “I’ll have no more of your insolence, do you hear me? I have decided you are not fit to instruct my girls in elegant behavior. If you wish to keep a roof over your head, and that of your doddering old fool of a father, you will report to Mrs. Murdock at once and do as she tells you!”

“You mean,” stammered Tally. “I am to work as a servant in your kitchen?”

“And anywhere else you are needed!” sneered her employer. “I’ll have no more of your playing the fine lady in your own private dining room, Miss! You may relieve Annie of some of her duties—she is forever complaining of the work—making beds and cleaning the upper floor, and in the evenings you can sew a new set of uniforms for all the staff, including yourself. I do not wish to see you again in any of those dresses in which you have been flaunting yourself around my house!”

When Tally, white-faced, had nothing to say to this, Mrs. Dade laughed harshly. “That’s taken the wind out of your sails, has it? No more ladylike airs and references to Miss Enderby’s? One thing more. You and your silly old father will eat in the kitchen with the rest of the servants.”

“At least that will be a blessing,” muttered Tally.

Her employer’s ears were sharp. “Still saucy, are you?” She lifted her hand and caught Tally across the cheek. “We’ll see how quick you answer back after a few months of honest hard work!”

Dazed by the brutality of the blow—the first she had ever received—and by the totality of the disaster which had struck the Temple family. Tally turned to leave the room. Mrs. Dade had not yet finished with her.

“Tell Cook she is to have your belongings transferred to the bedroom I originally assigned to you.”

Tally’s blood ran cold. For, leaning against the wall outside his mother’s room, obviously enjoying the conversation he had just listened to, lounged Rafe Dade. And there was a wicked promise in his leering smile.





Tally told a distressed Mrs. Murdock of the change in her status. When she came to the part about her bedroom, a look of real alarm crossed Cook’s face, and she shook her head. “Better if you come with the other maids to my room, Miss,” she said in a low voice. “It isn’t safe—that is—”

“I am afraid of Rafe,” Tally acknowledged quietly. “Is it possible we might defy Mrs. Dade and have my cot moved into your room?”

“Happen she’ll never hear about it,” encouraged the kindly woman, but her words convinced neither Tally nor herself. They both knew that Rafe would be quick to discover their failure to obey his mother’s orders, and that he would report that failure immediately. They both knew also that Mrs. Murdock would then fall under Mrs. Dade’s displeasure. They had no delusions about the speedy punishment which would be enforced. The unpleasant idea entered Tally’s mind that Mrs. Dade might well be aware of her son’s charming proclivities, and might even be willing that he should make Tally’s life wretched with his harassment.

The girl’s fine eyes began to blaze with anger. It was insupportable that she and her father should be under the control of such a harridan! They were neither slaves nor bond servants, forsooth! Setting her jaw firmly, she announced, “I am going to speak to my father. He must be made aware of the change in my circumstances. Then I shall come down and help you in whatever way I can in the kitchen, Mrs. Murdock. You must not be made to pay for my sins!” She concluded with a brave attempt at a smile.

The good woman’s stout features were wrinkled with distress. “You’ll come here, and welcome, Miss temple, but I cannot have you ruining those pretty hands with kitchen work. I’ve seen what you did for Piety, with your lotion and your cotton gloves, and I’m as grateful to you as the child herself is, but that sort of work is not for the likes of you, Miss, and so I tell you!”

Flashing a warm smile, Tally pelted up the back stairs to the attics. Sounds of thumping and bumping greeted her ears, coming from the new dining room, followed by a duet of wails by Charlotte and Maude.

“What are you doing, Rafe?” screamed the older girl. “This is our room—Maude’s and mine—and you shall not remove our pretty chairs—!”

“All this trash goes back to the storerooms,” came Rafe’s gloating voice. “Your fancy teacher is going to bed down here as she was supposed to. Get a move on, Josh! I haven’t got all day!”

“I don’t see why we have to shift furniture,” complained his younger brother. “There are servants enough in this house, I should think!”

Beyond a harsh command to rattle his bones and get on with it, Rafe’s voice was not heard again.

Tally crept down the corridor to the far end, where her father now spent all his time except when attending at the girls’ dining room. She tapped lightly upon his door and then opened it gently. The silver head lifted inquiringly from the heavy volume the scholar was reading, and gentle smile of welcome brightened Jocelyn temple’s austere face.

“Thalia, my dear!” he said. “Have I missed the meal time again?”

Carefully the girl closed the door behind her. She looked for a key, but there was none. She went to stand beside her father, and, bending, took one of the fine, thin old hands into her own two warm ones. “Dear Father,” she said, softly but with a compelling urgency. “We must talk seriously, so please give me all of your attention. I have—I have need of your wisdom this day.”

Alerted by her grave demeanor and by the painful entreaty in the lovely brown eyes, Jocelyn Temple rose to his feet, setting aside the heavy book and taking her hands in both of his.

“What has so frightened you, dear child? I am with you, and I shall protect you.”

Sure now of his full attention, Tally quickly gave him the important details of their new status.

“But the woman cannot really intend you to work in her kitchen,” he interrupted. “You are hired to instruct her children.”

“She is punishing me for accepting the invitation Lady Frampten gave me, to her ball,” explained Tally. “And for having a sort of success there with some of the younger men, although Lady Frampten was a most reluctant hostess to me, and Mrs. Dade a reluctant sponsor. But that is beside the point, Father. At this very moment, Rafe and Josh Dade are removing the furniture from our new little dining room, and replacing my bed there. And Father—” Her silken brows drew into a frown above the brown eyes. “I am afraid Rafe Dade intends to—to visit me there some night soon.”

She met her father’s astonished stare with as much poise as she could summon up.

“To visit you?” repeated Jocelyn Temple. “How is this?”

“Perhaps he has been reading Ovid.” Tally tried for the light touch, and then her eyes filled with tears. “Oh, Father, you must know what a creature Rafe Dade is! He is only too sure that any female under the age of ninety would be happy to accept his rough gallantries—”

Her father interrupted her in a voice she had never before heard from him. “Are you telling me you are willing to accept—?” he began incredulously, and then interrupted himself. “Of course you are not! You despise the fellow, even as I do. And you are afraid. So he must be threatening to force himself upon you. I shall speak to his father.”

Tally groaned. “Dearest, it would do no good! Indeed, I am almost as much afraid of the Father as I am of the son! This is a—a very—unscholarly family we have gotten ourselves involved with!” she said, trying to laugh.

Mr. Temple, still holding her hands, stared beyond her with an intent if unfocused glance. Oh, Father, prayed Tally, do not lose yourself in vague speculation at this moment! In her anxiety, she pressed his hands at this moment! In her anxiety, she pressed his hands tightly. He brought his eyes back to meet hers, and his expression was suddenly very reassuring to the girl.

“I believe you informed me that the young man is ‘at this very moment’ superintending the removal of the furniture? Then perhaps I should offer to assist him.”

And before she could grasp his arm or inquire as to his intentions, Jocelyn was out of his small room and striding along the corridor. Tally ran after him.

She caught up with him as he arrived at the door of the little dining room. At this minute, also, Rafe and Josh appeared in the doorway, struggling under the weight of the sideboard. The elderly man tapped Rafe on the shoulder.

“May I help?” he asked politely.

“Get out of my way, you old fool!” snarled Rafe, who was finding furniture moving less amusing than his usual activities.

“I think not,” replied Jocelyn temple quietly. “I suppose I must warn you to defend yourself, since you are carrying a heavy object, but perhaps the disparity in our ages will even the contest. You are a despicable cur, sir, and I intend to knock you down.”

“Oh, Father!” gasped Tally, torn between admiration and utter dismay.

Rafe, grunting under the load, had no such mixed emotions.

“Here, hold this bloody thing, Josh, till I smash the old fool! I’m really going to enjoy this!”

Alas for youthful optimism! Josh, not sure from inside the room exactly what was occurring, dropped his end of the sideboard. Rafe received the full weight of the heavy piece of furniture, instead of being relieved of it as he expected. High drama became farce. The sideboard fell against Rafe’s knees and ended up on his boots, bringing a sharp yelp of pain from him. While he struggled furiously to get the unwieldy object off him, and wiggled himself out through the now-blocked doorway to confront his antagonist, Jocelyn Temple had assumed a belligerent pose which ill-suited his scholarly appearance. Had Tally not been so fearful of the outcome of the uneven contest, she might have laughed at the mismatched adversaries. Rafe finally stumbled clear of the obstruction in the doorway, and flung himself at his former tutor. That worthy stepped smoothly to one side and tapped the raging youth on the nose with one white fist.

As an example of a wisty castor, it would never have received acclaim at Figg’s Amphitheater. Yet it was enough, granted the impetus of Rafe’s bullocking charge, to draw his claret and so blind him with fury that he ran directly into the far wall of the corridor and knocked himself breathless. Before the staring eyes of Charlotte, Maude, Josh, Tally, and at this point Piety and Alfred, who had been bustled upstairs by Cook to help Miss Tally, Jocelyn Temple dusted his hands fastidiously and turned to his daughter.

“ ‘How are the mighty fallen!’ ”

Alfred was grinning widely. Even Maude giggled.

Mr. Temple continued, “We shall pack our clothing and leave, Thalia. I really cannot endure this uncouth household another instant.”

“If yer reely gonna go,” piped up Alfred, “and I thinks it’s a good idea, Perfesser, becos’ Mr. Rafe will pound on you when ’e gets ’is wind back, I’ll ’elp yer pack.”

“Do that, Alfred,” urged Tally. “Piety shall help me. Dear Children.” She turned and took one of her little charges into each arm. “You must see that my father and I cannot stay here after what has just happened—”

“It’s all Rafe’s fault!” cried Charlotte. “He is forever spoiling everything, and making the maids cry, and . . . oh, Tally, I’m glad you are going to get away before he makes you cry or hurts you. I hate him!”

Maude was already crying bitterly but quietly. Tally hurried them both to their shared bedroom, and, heaving her portmanteaus onto the bed, began to throw her clothing into them. Maude was too desolate at the thought of losing Tally to offer any assistance, but Charlotte, made of sterner stuff, set her small mouth grimly and packed the garments firmly as Tally thrust them into her bags.

“Will I ever see you again?” she asked, her voice gruff.

“Yes, my dear girl, you will,” promised Tally recklessly. “Someday I shall be married to a fine gentleman and come to call upon Miss Charlotte and Miss Maude Dade, and—” But here her invention faltered, for the sheer unlikeliness of the proposed program daunted her.

“And take me away with you, dear Tally?” urged Charlotte, fitting a pair of shoes neatly into a corner as tears streamed down her little cheeks.

“Oh, Charlotte!” Tally broke down and hugged the child. “Please stay as good and sweet and bright as you are! I am truly wretched at the thought of abandoning you, but you must see that I have to go with my father to protect him—”

“Yes, I can see that.” Charlotte’s small face was intent and sorrowful. “He is really like another child, is he not? But you will be there to remind him to eat his dinner, and put on his raincoat. And he really did pop Rafe a leveler!” she added with satisfaction.

Tally was just closing her second portmanteau when Mrs. Dade erupted into the bedroom. “So, Miss, you and your nasty father have shown your true colors at last! I hope you do not expect me to keep you on after this—!” She halted, taking in the packed suitcases and the fact that Tally was donning her old tweed cape. “You are running away! I might have expected it! Well, let me tell you, Miss, you’ll not step foot out of this house until I have checked your bags thoroughly to see what you’ve hidden in them. And then I’ll be sending for the constable to take your father into custody for his unwarranted attack upon my son. He’s half killed the boy!”

Tally had suddenly had enough. “I hope you will call the constable,” she said clearly. “I wish the whole neighborhood to know that a hulking seventeen-year-old was milled down by an elderly scholar one-quarter of his weight. And that my father whipped Rafe because your son was attempting to compromise the reputation of his sisters’ governess! It will make pleasant hearing for the Framptens!”

With this shrewd if unsportsmanlike blow, Tally pulled on her cape and took up the heaviest portmanteau. “I intend leaving by the back door, as I entered,” she said. “I shall bring my Father’s things down after I have taken my own. You may search in my luggage if you wish, but I think you know very well I would have no use for anything from this house.”

“You’re not using my gig to start you on your travels,” screeched her furious antagonist. “Get out of here before dinner—that’s all I have to say to you!”

Thankful for this much mercy, Tally dragged her heavy portmanteau down the three flights of stairs and out to the stableyard. As she turned to go back for the other, Piety emerged from the kitchen bearing it, and Alfred came at her shoulder with Mr. Temple’s clothing neatly packed in a small sack. Noting the lost look in her father’s eyes, Tally blurted out, “Your books!”

Jocelyn Temple smiled. “I’ve got my three best friends packed with my other suit and clean linen, and Alfred has promised to box up the rest until we can send for them.” He smiled impishly. “He’ll hide them in the stable loft where they’ll be safe from interference.”

Since Tally’s fear had been that the vengeful Mrs. Dade might destroy Mr. Temple’s books out of spite, she heaved a sigh of relief.

Cook came to the back door and made urgent gestures. Tally ran lightly over to thank her for her many kindnesses, and found a large parcel wrapped in clean cloth being thrust into her hands.

“A shivering-bite for the road, Miss Temple. God bless and keep you, child, and your Dad. They say the Lord looks out for—” She caught herself short, her face reddening.

Tally chuckled. “ ‘Fools?’ I hope it will be found to be so, for my father and I are starting a perilous journey, and we haven’t even a gig to take us to the village!”

Mrs. Murdock was looking past Tally’s shoulder. “Seems like the Lord is already looking out for you.” She smiled.

Tally followed her glance and beheld James Kendale striding rapidly toward them from the front of the house. “I shall drive you to the next staging house in my curricle,” he said firmly. “No, do not demur! Your father cannot walk so far, and neither can you deal with the luggage.”

Within a few minutes the groom had harnessed a tolerable pair to the natty vehicle, and Mr. Temple and his daughter were squeezed in beside their benefactor. When the groom and Alfred had stowed the luggage, James tooled out of the stableyard and down the long driveway to the main road.

“I think not Crofton Village,” decided James after ten silent minutes. “My family has enough to answer for hereabouts. So if you do not dislike it, Miss Temple, I shall set your father and yourself down at Minford. You can catch the London coach from there, and it will be a little less for the fare.”

The fare! This essential element to departure had been quite out of Tally’s reckoning. She set to considering, with a very anxious expression, how much two tickets to London would cost. After a swift, sidelong glance, James said quietly, “May I have the honor of lending you the money, Miss Temple? I know you will not wish to receive a gift, but if you would accept a loan—?”

“Quite unnecessary, my dear sir,” said Jocelyn Temple cheerfully, startling both his daughter and their driver. “I found an old wallet behind my books as I was choosing some old favorites to bear me company. There is better than ten guineas in it. Enough perhaps to see us safely to the Metropolis.”

Tally was so much heartened by this unexpected stroke of good luck that she was able to take her leave of James Kendale with equanimity in front of the George and Dragon Inn at Minford, and wave him off with a word of sincere thanks and a smile. As he drove smartly away, she smiled at her father.

“Such a good friend, after all,” she said. Do you not agree?”

And for the third time that day her father surprised her. “No,” he said gently. “He is a completely selfish if charming young man, and would do nothing if it did not benefit himself. I believe he spoke simple fact when he said his family has enough to answer for hereabouts. The Dades are not popular, either above or below stairs. Even a breath of today’s events would seriously jeopardize his hoped-for alliance with the Framptens.”

Tally had little time to reevaluate her notions about men, her situation, and her father as he led the way into the inn to inquire as to the next stagecoach for London.





Chapter 9



Their amazing good luck did not hold for the next part of their journey. The rigors of a long drive in a coach crowded with seven other passengers inside, with more on the roof, was exhausting for the elderly scholar. Tally, noting the weary droop of his body, had just resolved to break their journey at the next posthouse when a young scapegrace seated on the roof bribed the coachman to let him tool the horses. Since the coach was at that time traversing a fairly deserted stretch of open heath, the driver handed over the reins, with the forseeable result.

Those eight passengers who were riding outside on the roof seats suffered the worst damage, but barring an irate butcher who was flung quite off the vehicle, and who landed, bruised and bellowing, in a clump of gorse, no one appeared to be seriously injured. However, when the chastened coachman had his team in hand again, Tally observed that her father’s face had assumed a frightening pallor. To the accompaniment of a great deal of conflicting advice from her fellow passengers, she held his drooping form in her arms to steady him against the jarring motion. When the coach at length pulled up in front of the Jolly Dog Hostelry, she discovered that Jocelyn Temple was unconscious.

There was, of course, no question of continuing the journey. When her father had been carried into the inn by the butcher and a farmer, Tally begged the guard to throw off their luggage before she hurried into the Jolly Dog to confer with the host’s wife. This harassed female, when she had accepted the fact that her unheralded guests were not Quality, as their appearance and manner of speech implied, became instantly suspicious and faintly hostile.

“I beg you, let me settle my father in a bed, and ask you to send for a doctor, ma’am! Then I shall satisfy your doubts as to our ability to pay,” Tally urged.

Moved by something in the girl’s lovely face, Mrs. Hedge trotted off to do her bidding. The two samaritans from the coach, awkward at Tally’s sincere thanks, got themselves back to the vehicle whose coachman was shouting impatiently for them. Tally had just time to remove her father’s neckcloth and boots and cover him with a blanket before a jolly-looking stout man in neat professional black presented himself at the bedroom to which Mr. Temple had been carried.

“I am Dr. Neville, ma’am. I have been told you have need of my assistance.”

“Oh, yes, thank you, Dr. Neville!” said Tally devoutly. “My father, Jocelyn Temple, was badly battered when a young man tooled the coach we were riding in. Father has been unconscious for half an hour.”

“Will you assist me while I examine Mr. Temple?” It was more of an order than a request, but Tally thankfully followed the doctor’s instructions as he worked to determine the nature and extent of the damage. After a tense few minutes, he pulled closed the white shirt and stood staring down at his patient. “I shall have to take further observations. However, I am of the opinion that your father has suffered from a minor malfunction of the heart. It is nothing too alarming—if he is kept very quiet physically and not allowed to fret or worry.”

“For how long?” breathed Tally, both relieved and dismayed.

“Several weeks.” The doctor looked searchingly into the strained beautiful face of the young woman, then considered her modish but quite suitable apparel. “Is there a problem about money?”

Tally nodded, grateful for his understanding. Removing her gaze from its anxious contemplation of her father’s face, she raised lustrous brown eyes to meet his. She said firmly. “We have a little over ten guineas. We were going to London, where I hope to get employment as a governess. I have no references except the fact that I was educated at Miss Enderby’s Seminary in Bath.”

“No references, eh?” The doctor considered the flowerlike face. “Did your last employer’s husband try to teach the governess a lesson or two?”

Tally was startled into a smile which revealed her enchanting dimples. “My employer’s son, actually! Oh, Dr. Neville, the world is not what I was led to expect at Miss Enderby’s! Or perhaps it is, for the majority of her pupils who have an established home and family. My father is a scholar who was formerly the tutor of the two boys in the family—”

“—until they chose to learn about you rather than Latin or Greek,” finished the doctor with brusque kindness. “You are well rid of them, in that case. Now your father must have rest and some care, and above all, freedom from anxiety. I think it would be best if you could find work in our village. Then your father would not have to be moved. Have you relatives or friends in London?”

“No, sir. I shall try to find work here, if my father can be safely left alone?”

The doctor was frowning. It was, of course, none of his business. His practice extended over quite a wide area; he knew himself to be the best, though not the only, medical man in the county, and his usual class of patient was not an impecunious traveling scholar. Still, the fine old face resting on the pillow was a challenge to heart as well as skill, and the lovely little daughter, who was accepting this frightening situation so courageously, inspired him to a benevolent gesture.

“I’ll speak to Mrs. Hedge—she is the wife of the landlord here—and request that she send her sister up to watch your father while you try to get a situation in Upton Downs. Offhand, I cannot think of a family with young girls needing a governess. Is there anything else you could do?”

“I will be glad to do any honest work to support my father,” Tally said quietly.

“Good girl!” the doctor smiled wryly. “We can only hope that opportunity will match willingness. Now I must be off, but I’ll have Miss Boniface sent up to you. She is Mrs. Hedge’s sister, and often does simple nursing for me in the county. I think you will like her,” he added, as he left the bedroom.

Within a few minutes there was a tap at the door, and without waiting for permission, a gaunt woman dressed in neat gray with an old-fashioned white fichu around her shoulders came into the room. She had a pleasant face whose best feature was a pair of small, twinkling dark eyes with long eyelashes. Her smile, while not effusive, comforted Tally. Quietly the woman came to stand by the bedside.

“This is your father, Miss temple?” she asked in a low voice.

“Yes, Miss Boniface. He is Jocelyn Temple, and I am Thalia. I am so grateful that you are willing to care for my father while I look for employment in the village. What is its name, by the way?”

“This is Upton Downs,” said the good woman wryly. “Many a joke is made about that name in the surrounding villages, I can warrant you! Dr. Neville has told me what I must do, and I am prepared to begin at once.”

“But your own home—” protested Tally, grateful but worried for the nurse.

“Oh, I live here with my sister and her husband,” Miss Boniface reassured her. “I prefer nursing to helping about the inn,” she explained with her wry smile. She drew a chair toward the bed, looked carefully at her patient, and then sat down where she could watch his face. “He seems to be resting easy,” she said. “He has not recovered yet from his faint?”

As though their voices recalled him, Jocelyn’s eyelids fluttered and then drew up over his mild blue eyes. Tally was at his side instantly.

“Dearest Father, what a surprise you gave us, dropping off to sleep in that wretched coach! I wish I had half your good sense.”

As conversation it had not much sparkle, but the girl’s voice was gentle and quiet, and the old man seemed to find it reassuring. “Where are we, Tally?” he asked.

“We are at the Jolly Dog Inn, Upton Downs, and I forbid you to laugh at the name, lest you offend the civic pride of Miss Boniface, who has graciously agreed to be your nurse.” Miss Boniface took note of the loving warmth of the glance exchanged between her patient and his daughter.

Jocelyn smiled faintly. “This bed is more comfortable than that coachseat,” he said drowsily.

The girl was quick to note his drooping eyelids. “You must take advantage of its comfort then,” she advised her parent. “Nurse Boniface will keep an eye on you while I do some business below stairs. You are to let her know if you need anything. You must do exactly as she tells you, for she has only your good at heart.”

“I see I have acquired two Nannies in my old age,” teased Jocelyn. “Thank you, Miss Boniface.” He closed his eye with a sigh.

Miss Boniface winked at the girl. “What a charming man,” she said gently. “Rest assured, I shall take great care of your father.”

Comforted, Tally made her way downstairs, clutching her reticule in which their total fortune made a no-too-large bulge. It was her intention to pay for several night’s lodgings at once, so that her hostess would be reassured. Being totally unfamiliar with the topography of the inn, Tally peeped into one room after an another and was pleased to find them neat and clean, if not grand. Led by a sound of many voices, she finally found herself in the taproom, where an all-male audience fell silent as her presence was observed. Mrs. Hedge came forward.

“My sister is with Mr. Temple?” she asked.

Tally looked at the cross face with a sinking heart. “Miss Boniface is kind and competent. I am grateful we are to have her valuable assistance for my father.” She ventured a glance around the interested spectators. “Could we settle our business in some—quieter place? If you please?”

Mrs. Hedge’s formidable frown softened. “That would be better,” she agreed. And when they had reached the main hallway, she continued. “You’d think those great gawks would have something better to do than to crowd into the tap on the chance of getting a glimpse of a pretty new face! Quite right you were to wish to remove to my husband’s office for our business.” She led the way into a stuffy little room largely occupied by a huge pigeonhole desk. It was clear from the fond, proprietary look Mrs. Hedge gave this massive piece of furniture that it was her pride. She did not sit down, or offer a chair to Tally, which suited the girl very well. Opening her reticule, she took out one of the guineas and offered it to the older woman.

“Will you tell me, please, when we have used this up, and I shall give you another one. There is also compensation for Miss Boniface to be taken into consideration.”

Mrs. Hedge accepted the coin with a smile. “This will pay for a week’s board and lodging for you and your father, and leave ample for Sara Boniface,” she told the girl.

“I believe,” challenged Tally with a rueful smile, “you are tempering the wind to the shorn lamb, Mrs. Hedge. Thank you.” Then, squaring her shoulders, “Can you extend your kindness, and tell me if there is any lady in the neighborhood who would require a governess, a seamstress—or even a ladies’ maid?”

Mrs. Hedge’s face twisted in concentration. “Well, there’s none as requires a governess. Only Sir Gerold’s children are of that age, and he has Miss Plimpton. A very busy body,” she added, with a hint of a grin. “As for dressmaking, if what you have on you made yourself, I should say you might be able to please any fine lady—but we haven’t got any such in the district. Proper stay-at-homes, they are, and have had their dresses made by Mrs. Losee, in the village, for donkey’s years. There ain’t a Smart among ’em. But you’ll not pass on that remark, Miss?”

Tally shook her head. “Then I am to accept that my plan to be a ladies’ maid or dresser would also fail of acceptance?”

Mrs. Hedge looked doubtful, obviously running the local households past her mind’s eye. “Well, you could try, Miss Temple, but where there ain’t no young men of impressionable age, as the saying goes, there’s young ladies who might not be too happy to have a bonny face like your own introduced into the household. If you see what I mean?”

Unfortunately, after her recent experience, Tally did get her meaning. Her lovely countenance took on a deeply troubled expression. Mrs. Hedge racked her brains.

“You could help me here at the inn,” she suggested.

Tally’s lovely smile lightened her face. “Mrs. Hedge, that is altogether too much tempering of wind! I am convinced you have matters well in hand here; your home is spotless and attractive. No, I shall put on my thinking cap. There must be something I can do which someone will require!”

Mrs. Hedge, doubtful but resolved to be comforting, said briskly, “While you’re thinking, Miss Temple, why do you not come into the kitchen for a meal? I won’t serve you in the Ordinary, for it’s full of idle loungers panting for the sight of you. And that I know you do not wish.” She ended with a decided bob of her head.

Gratefully Tally followed her hostess into the spotless kitchen, at this hour fragrant with delectable aromas. After a delicious meal, served on one corner of the scrubbed wooden table, Tally felt a burst of new confidence that she could find work to support herself and her father. After all, she had a whole week to look! Perhaps there was a dame’s school, where she could assist with the older children? Perhaps there were draperies or furniture coves to be made at some of the larger homes in the neighborhood? Even servants’ liveries to be refurbished? The girl was determined to accept any honest work to earn her father’s keep.

By the beginning of the second week, however, the situation did not look hopeful. Tally had tried hard, turning up at the servant’s entrance of every house Mrs. Hedge suggested, but to no avail. In addition, recurring “chance encounters” with the local beaux had begun to alarm her.

“Do these youths think of nothing else?” she demanded wrathfully of Mrs. Hedge, after one such confrontation which had required the firm hand of the landlord’s wife to discourage the would-be Casanova.

“Very little,” vouchsafed the dame. “Hunting, in season; some sports; and of course drinking! You’re a novelty to ’em, Miss Temple. A sort of —of—”

“Challenge,” supplied Tally gloomily. “Well, I had better begin to arrange for our departure, ma’am, for it’s plain there’s nothing for me here. As you warned me.” She smiled at the worried woman.

“I can’t bear to think of your Dad going off to London on that jolting stagecoach,” fretted Mrs. Hedge. “Such a perfect gentleman as he is—but so frail with it! I do think he’s been comfortable here.”

“Supremely!” agreed Tally. “And since the Vicar has been visiting him, he’s gotten brighter every day.”

Both women shared a look of satisfaction at this. The elderly Reverend Tobbitt, after his first duty call had disclosed that both men had been up at Oxford, but in different years, had called frequently, the rare nature of the sick man’s scholarship so delighting him that he practically haunted the Jolly Dog. The two old cronies spent happy hours in knowledgeable discussion of erudite matters which plainly interested both of them. In fact, Jocelyn was looking so much brighter and more satisfied than Tally had ever seen him, and spent the hours when his new friend was absent in contentedly perusing volumes that ecclesiastic had brought him. It wrenched Tally’s heart to think of uprooting him from this most satisfactory refuge and thrusting him into the uncertainties of life in London. Yet something must be done, and fairly quickly, for the major portion of their slender resources must be preserved to establish themselves in the great city. Her worried thoughts were interrupted by a soft exclamation from Mrs. Hedge.

“Mrs. Temple! I think I have it! Why can we not arrange for Mr. Temple to go to Vicar’s house—it’s a great rambling old place with plenty of rooms—and stay there until you are settled in town? You know the trip and the bustle to London would do him harm. And the Reverend Tobbitt’s as merry as a grig when he’s with your Dad. Acts like they was lifelong friends!”

Tally wondered if she dared let herself hope. It would be an ideal disposition of her father, really too frail to weather the harsh realities of struggle in the great city. But what of herself? While he was physically feeble, yet his very presence as her parent offered some protection. Could she survive without him? Tally set her jaw. She could. She must! But would the Vicar. . . ?

“If you really think he would be so kind—” She hesitated.

“I’m sure he’d love it,” answered Mrs. Hedge. “Ask him today.”

To Tally’s surprise, the Vicar received her tentative suggestion with delight, and busied himself arranging his new friend’s transfer to his home. It was obvious that he regarded an extended visit from this gentle, witty scholar as a prime treat. As for Jocelyn, he looked forward to a continuation of interesting discussion. Reassured, Tally superintended the changeover from inn to vicarage, and planned to depart from Upton Downs the next day. And since, after his illness, Jocelyn was even less aware than ever of practical concerns, he was conveniently unworried about Tally’s possible problems in the city.





Chapter 10



In the event, these were formidable. In fact, Tally was in trouble long before she arrived at the Metropolis. Leaving two guineas with the Vicar in trust for her father, Tally took the remaining eight to her host and changed them for smaller coins. The Hedges approved this caution, and gave the girl much good advice. Since they also made sure she had an inside seat in the stagecoach, and presented her with a neatly packed lunch in an oiled-cloth lined basket when she left, her eyes were misty with tears of gratitude.

The first day’s trip was not as arduous as Tally had expected. It might have been the result of the two weeks’ rest and good food, or the consciousness that her father was in such suitable surroundings; whatever the reason, Tally found herself greatly heartened for the struggle she knew was to come. She had planned to go straight through to London, and did indeed remain in the coach through the first night, but by noon on the second day she had resolved to break the journey at whatever inn was reached before nightfall.

This resolve was strengthened by the presence in the coach on that second day of a raffish, down-at-heels man with a cocked hat, whose bold dark eyes fixed themselves in insolent appraisal on her person. It was a relief to get down from the coach in a crowded stable yard at dusk. After requesting that her portmanteaus be put off, she followed a porter into the well-lighted inn.

A substantial meal, followed by a refreshing wash in her tiny bedroom, of which, although it contained two small beds, she was at the moment the only occupant, put her in good spirits once more. She went early to bed, there being nothing else to do. It was not practical, as a lone female, to descend to the common room. She might—unpleasant thought!—meet the bold-eyed man, who would be certain to decide she had come looking for him.

After a refreshing sleep—for Tally was one who did not find the cheerful bustle of a coaching inn obnoxious—the girl rose, washed again, donned her clothing and did up her hair in the neat traveling snood which kept it tidy. Then, bearing one of her portmanteaus—she was getting pretty tired of dragging the heavy luggage with her wherever she went—she descended the stairway to the Ordinary. So very early in the morning, it was almost empty. With charitable pity for the sore heads last night’s roisters were doubtless suffering, she debated with the young servant what she would have for breakfast. While she was waiting for her choice to be produced, she became aware of a small head peering solemnly around the doorjamb in her direction. This object was soon joined by another, a foot higher up the jamb. Two small, dirty faces regarded Tally intently, and when her meal was set upon the table, the children advanced into the room toward her as though magnetized by the sight and smell of the food.

Tally greeted them with a smile. “Have you had your breakfast?” she asked.

Two heads shook as one.

Tally surveyed the amount of food on her plate and then turned her scrutiny upon the children. They were roughly dressed in dirty clothing. The boy was barefoot, and the little girl wore a pair of shoes which might once have belonged to her companion. Their hands were filthy and their faces not much better. But under the grime, Tally discerned handsome features and wide, rather beautiful blue eyes. Their hair, lank and dirty, had once been fair. Brother and sister, then. But how did such small waifs find themselves in a good hostelry? Then the message in the two pair of eyes, now rigidly fixed upon Tally’s plate, became too much for the girl to resist.

“Will you share my breakfast?” she asked.

Still silent, the children scrambled onto chairs on either side of Tally and waited, eyes on her face, for the bounty.

Tally divided the food into three equal arts. “Come closer,” she invited. “You may have the spoon.” She handed it to the little girl. Then she looked from the solitary fork to the boy’s dirty fingers. “You may have the fork.” She decided. “I shall have to use my fingers, shall I not? We’re told they were made before forks.”

This seemed to amuse both children, and they watched her very fastidious manoeuvers before beginning to eat. Tally was pleased to note that they did not grab or gobble, although they were very obviously hungry. The plate was emptied in very short order, and two pairs of eyes raised gratefully to meet Tally’s.

“Thank you for the food,” said the boy.

“Food,” echoed the little girl with a wide smile.

Tally scanned the dirty little faces. “Where is your mama? Does she know you are here?” It occurred to her that the children’s parents might make a habit of sending them to the inn to scrounge a meal if the larder at home was empty. Indignation mingled with the pity the girl felt for the innocent offspring. At least the mother might have had the decency to wash her babies’ face and hands! In a firmer voice she demanded, “Does Mama know where you are?”

“We have no mama,” said the boy.

Tally’s gasp of compassion was overridden by a cough that sounded like “Aaa-hemm!” A man was standing near the table, looking at them. Tally regarded him with disapproval. The shifty eyes flashed across her face with disapproval. The shifty eyes flashed across her face to the children, the empty plate, and back to Tally’s stern countenance. He did not address her, but spoke to the little boy and girl. Tally was aware that the two small bodies had frozen into a watchful stillness.

“Did the kind lady give you some food, then?” The man spoke in a wheedling voice which somehow raised Tally’s hackles, reminding her of the insolent yet furtive stare of the man in the cocked hat. This fellow had a very battered headpiece indeed, an old felt with a broken brim. The rest of his costume quite matched his headgear, being dirty and torn as well as old. Tally stifled a deep regret that such a rascal should be the father of these dear little innocents.

She forced herself to say calmly, “The little ones seemed hungry, so I shared my breakfast with them. Have you come to take them to their mother?” And not before time, her tone implied.

The scrubby fellow shrugged off the criticism. “Oh their mum’s long gone. Me an’ me wife jus’ keeps an eye on ’em till we can find someone ’oo’s willin’ to take over, as ye might say. Course we should ’ave to be sure said party could provide for ’em—if yet get me meanin’?”

A horrid thought had presented itself to Tally. “Do you tell me you are no relation to these babies? Is that why you don’t bother to keep them clothed and fed properly?”

“Mrs. Baggs an’ me ain’t flush wi’ the dibs like some people!” he retorted with a sullen flare of anger and a glance at Tally’s modish costume. “Easy for you to cry us down, what never had to worry—” he turned on the boy and girl. “Get along out to the wagon!” he snarled.

Something in the little ones’ frightened silence caught at Tally’s heart. She rose and stood over the children, facing the man.

“Wait, Mr. Baggs, if that is your name,” she began. “Where are you taking them?”

“On to the next coaching ’ouse.” He shrugged. “Happen we’ll be able to find their—relations—there.” His grin showed rotten teeth.

At this moment a slatternly woman appeared in the doorway. “Wot’s the matter, Baggs?” she whined. “Ain’t ye found ’em yet?” Then, seeing the tiny figures, she showed toothless gums. “’As the kind leddy staked ye little dears to an ’ot meal, then?” She smirked at Tally. “Bless ye fer a gen’rus soul, leddy.”

“Stow it,” said Baggs briskly. “She ain’t about to buy ’em.”

The woman’s fawning smile changing at once into a cold glare. Liming forward, she stood over the boy. “Bring yer sister an’ get a move on, or it’ll be the worse for ye both!”

The youngsters scrambled down from their chairs in such haste that the little girl stumbled and fell. Too frightened to cry, she picked herself up ad seized her brother’s outstretched hand in a desperate grip. This was too much for Tally. She faced the brutal couple firmly.

“Am I to understand that you are offering to sell me these two children?” she said in a clear voice.

The brute’s sudden frown and darted glance around the empty room revealed to Tally that she might have some advantage in the contest. “I’ll give you two guineas, and that’s the limit,” she offered loudly. “Of course I shall have to have a—a Bill of Sale,” she improvised, smiling at two ladies and a gentleman who were just entering the Ordinary. Thus emboldened, she went on. “You have no connection with these children, anyway. In fact, it is my opinion that you have stolen them from their rightful parents—whom I happen to know!” This outrageous lie was uttered in so ringing a tone as to catch the attention of the newcomers. As all eyes turned toward them, the Baggses slid out of the door like shadows.

Tally smiled at the bewildered children. “It seems we are to be a family,” she said gently. “I am Tally. Will you be happy to come with me, my dears?”

“Yes, Tally,” the boy said quickly. The girl nodded and two large tears spilled over her lower lids and washed a path through the dirt on her cheeks. “Come up to my room now, little friends, and we shall get acquainted with one another,” Tally said gently, and taking one small hand in each of hers, she led them up to her room.

There she was able to wash away the worst of the grime, and even managed, but eking out the water in the jug, to wash their hair. Combing it dry, she was pleased to discover that it was, in truth, the soft blond she had envisioned. Their clothing was a problem. It smelt moldy and sour, and no amount of brushing would dislodge the dirt and stains. Tally could not bear to put it back on the tender bodies of the little boy and girl. She stared at the trusting countenances raised to her own, and made up her mind. Surely somewhere in this small town there must be a shop where children’s clothing could be purchased? She had no time to make garments for them herself. Nodding decisively, she smiled at her new charges, whose names, she had learned, were John and Mary.

“Your clothing is too dirty to be put back on you and your sister, John. I am going downstairs to talk to the innkeeper’s wife to see if I can get some nicer clothes for you. Will you wait for me here?”

John’s eyes searched the room warily. Then he gave her a tiny smile. “We’ll wait for you, Tally.”

“Shall I lock the door, so no one can get in until I come back?”

“Yes.” The small face was strained and solemn. “Have—have they gone?”

Of course he meant the wretches who had stolen him and his sister, the girl thought, answering cheerfully. “I expect those two are long gone! If you are very quiet, no one will bother you. Why do you not get into these comfortable beds and pretend that you are baby birds in your nests until I return?”

This suggestion found approval with John. Robing each of them in one of her own chemises, she tucked them into the beds. With a final reassuring word and smile, Tally went down to talk to the innkeeper’s wife.

It appeared that contrary to her hopes, there were no shops in this village which sold clothing for small children. Tally was compelled to take the woman into her confidence, and to relate the story of the hapless children with considerable pathos. Mrs. Wiggins’s ire was aroused at the tale of the stolen babies.

“Whatever is the world coming to?” she demanded. “Do you tell me you plan to look after them children, Miss? You’re scarcely more than a child yourself, if I may make so bold.”

“I am Thalia Temple, and my father is Jocelyn Temple, a scholar at present residing in the home of the Reverend Tobbitt in Upton Downs. My father would never forgive me if I permitted those wretches to carry out their scheme. I am sure it must be against the law to buy and sell human beings!”

Mrs. Wiggins was quite willing to agree to Tally’s plan as long as it did not present any problems to herself. With the laudable intention of getting a possible source of trouble out of her establishment as soon as possible, she bustled about among her neighbors to such good effect that an adequate wardrobe was provided within a remarkably short time, chiefly by the wife of the local doctor, herself the mother of seven. Refusing payment, this good dame also commended Tally for her charity, while rather doubtful as to its final outcome.

“For you know, Mrs. Wiggins,” she said as they watched Tally helping her charges into the stagecoach for London. “That girl’s too young to be lumbered with those babies. Still, I expect her father and his friend will be able to place the children in a good home shortly.”

It did not occur to either of the worthy ladies that Tally was, in fact, going away from her parent and his clerical host at that very moment, not joining them.





Chapter 11



John and Mary made good traveling companions. Whether it was that being well-fed and comfortably dressed contented them, or whether the novelty of traveling in a great stagecoach held them spellbound, she did not know, but they cuddled close to their new friend and seemed to be enjoying the ride. Tally had determined that she must break her journey every evening, since the small Mary, quiet though she had been taught to be in a hard school, was after all still little more than a baby. So when, just as dusk was falling, the coach pulled into an imposing innyard, Tally once more informed the guard that she and the children were staying the night, and desired him to set down her luggage.

She was able to secure a room, although the cost of it rather alarmed her, and as soon as she had the children washed and in bed, she went down to the kitchen to beg a simple supper on a tray. The cook was cross, being in the midst of the usual dinner rush, but was prevailed upon to instruct a kitchen maid to set up a meal.

The children’s silent joy at the food was enough thanks for any effort, Tally felt, watching them lovingly. They were attractive little ones. Tally wondered, not for the first time, where the Baggses had gotten them. The boy did not know his surname, and did not seem to remember any other life, and the little girl was too young to understand what was happening to her. Tally, nibbling on an apple, began to concoct a story which might explain to her future employer her possession of two tiny children. “I shall say I was asked to bring them to London to meet their parents, arriving from India . . . no, for then I would have to disclose the family name and that of the ship!” She frowned. “Oh, dear! it is very true! We weave a tangled web, children, when we practice deceit! I charge you,” she said, smiling at the two wondering faces upturned to hers, “never enter upon a course of action without thinking carefully about the results, and do not tell a lie!” She chuckled at their sober little countenances. “Always tell the truth, my dears!” They nodded gravely, and resumed eating. They were so dear, so appealing, that Tally was forced to admit she could not regret having them with her, even at the cost of a few falsehoods and more bother than she dared to contemplate.

When she had them safely tucked into bed, she rinsed out the boy’s shirt and the little girl’s dress. Then, stacking the empty plates from their supper upon the tray, she took it down to the kitchen before getting herself ready for the night. Her last thought was that she must proceed more cautiously with her dwindling store of money, since even her modest requirements were depleting it at an alarming rate.

It was necessary to stop again the following night, for to force the children to remain seated for twenty-four hours at a stretch was impossible. The passengers on today’s coach had not welcomed the presence of small children, and had made their disapproval evident. One obese lady had cast a condemnatory look at Tally’s ringless hand, and had not been mollified by the story of the parents waiting in London. Tally perceived that she had got herself into what Miss Enderby would have called a Delicate Situation. At this inn, it was not possible to persuade the cook to provide a meal on a tray, and Tally was forced to order some sandwiches and a jug of milk in the Ordinary, and take that up to her room. John and Mary’s pleasure in the snack went a long way toward reconciling Tally to the cook’s lack of cooperation, but it was apparent that the journey would present more problems than Tally had at first envisioned.

The most threatening of these appeared the following morning. When she led the children, washed and combed and neatly dressed in their newly acquired clothes, out to wait for the coach in the early morning, the first sight which met her eyes was a disreputable canvas-covered cart from the seat of which descended the man who had tried to sell John and Mary to her. Baggs threw the reins to his wife and advanced upon Tally with a mixture of fawning and belligerence which she remembered.

“So ’ere ye are, Miss,” he said with false joviality. “Caught up wi’ ye at last, ’ave I? There’s the matter o’ two guineas ye promised me. I’ll ’ave ’em now!”

Arms protectively around the shrinking children, Tally faced the rogue firmly. “We settled that matter when we discovered that you and your wife have no claim whatever to John and Mary,” she said firmly. “I have no intention of allowing you to frighten them, or me, with your bluster, Mr. Baggs.”

“We’ll see that,” promised the rascal, coming close and bending to seize John’s arm. “If they don’t do as I tell ’em, they know what to expect!”

Mary’s small face was crumpling into woe. John’s eyes sought Tally’s for reassurance.

“Get your hands off that child this instant!” Tally cried.

“I should do as she tells you,” drawled a deep masculine voice at Baggs’s shoulder. Everyone turned to face the new participant in the scene. Tally’s eyes widened with incredulity. Standing facing them, his masterful eyebrows lifted an arrogant amusement at their dumfounded expressions, was the elegantly dressed man who had blocked Tally’s way at the inn at Exeter. Involuntarily the girl’s gaze went to his modish beaver, and her dimples framed a mischievous smile.

“I am glad to see there was no permanent damage,” she murmured.

The handsome Buck grinned back at her, a flash of white teeth in a saturnine countenance. “Minx,” he said doffing his hat, and then turned his steady regard on Baggs, who was hovering indecisively between further bluster and a quick retreat. “Is this lout bothering you, my dear?” he asked silkily.

“Oh, not now, I am sure,” Tally informed him demurely.

Baggs took a searching look at the steely gray eyes and the firm, arrogant mouth. He bobbed his head in acknowledgement of defeat. Still he could not refrain from one final thrust.

“Takin’ the bread outa a man’s mouth, she is,” he sneered. “No better than she should be, traipsin’ aroun’ the country with two brats, an’ ’er with no ring on ’er finger.”

Lord Philip made a step toward him. Baggs scuttled over to his cart, clambered up, seized the reins from his wife and drove out of the yard, nearly colliding with an entering stagecoach as he went. His wife’s wail of fright was a fitting coda.

Tally found the handsome stranger regarding her with laughter in his fine gray eyes.

“Do I dare ask what an unmarried lady is doing—er—traipsing around the country with two children? Are you their governess? I think you did not have them in tow when last we met.”

“When last we met,” Tally said smoothly, “you were much too busy being impudent to notice what I had in tow!”

Lord Philip had a very strong desire to seize the little witch in his arms and kiss the red lips so temptingly close. However, he had no wish to have his hat knocked off his head again, or to receive whatever other public embarrassment the lovely little filly might devise, so, bowing gracefully, he said, “I am Philip Sandron, ma’am. Since you seem to be in need of some assistance, may I offer mine?”

Tally considered him thoughtfully. Amused at such a businesslike appraisal, he awaited her decision, considering whether to tell her he had seen her at Lord Frampten’s, and rapidly deciding not to mention it until he had her in a position where such a disclosure might be useful. He was also much aware of the two little urchins she had in her care. He lifted a quizzical eyebrow.

“You seem to have an addiction for rescuing children,” he said. “Last time, a baby. Now these two. Are you a member of one of those philanthropic societies which seek to rescue poor children from the streets, my dear?”

“And if I were?” demanded Tally, not at all liking his mockery. “Surely anything would be better than a life with those two creatures! Their name is Baggs, by the way, and they were trying to sell these darlings to me!”

“How enterprising of them,” murmured Lord Philip. “But they did not know your mettle, my dear, did they?”

“I wish you will not be so presumptuous as to call me that,” frowned Tally, but her reproof lacked force, for she had now decided to use this imperious gentleman. If she could trust him—? She searched his face with the big brown eyes he had not been able to banish from his memory.

“Can I trust you, sir?” she asked with a directness which brought him to full awareness that this was not, for her, mere casual dalliance. He considered the lovely face intently.

“I believe you may,” he answered cautiously. Danger signals were ringing in his mind, but the chit was so deliciously lovely! “How did you wish me to assist you?”

“I need to get to London. There I must look for employment, and if possible find the parents of these two.”

“You had them from—er—Baggs?” asked Lord Philip. “Did he say he found them in London? If so, their real home might more likely be Plymouth or Liverpool.”

Tally nodded soberly. “You are right! It is not to be presumed that such a person would tell the truth if a lie would serve him better. Well, I shall just have to keep the children until I am established in employment, and then try to find a loving home for them. They are very appealing, are they not?” she asked, giving the children her lovely smile.

“Very,” said Lord Philip, who had not taken his eyes off her.

“Are you, by any chance, upon the road for London?” asked Tally.

“I might be,” admitted his lordship, a sparkle in his fine gray eyes.

“Then do you think you might possibly—that is—is it a very lengthy journey from here?” Tally’s courage failed her at the thought of actually soliciting a ride for herself and the two children.

“May I have your name?” queried the gentleman, who was by now ardently upon the hunt. He added with some justification, “If I am to drive you to London, we must be at least upon terms of that much familiarity. I cannot forever be calling you ‘You’—or ‘my dear,’ ” he added with a teasing smile.

Tally nodded. “I am Thalia Temple, daughter of Jocelyn Temple, a scholar at present residing with Vicar Tobbitt of Upton Downs. And these are John and Mary.”

The big man bent solemnly and took each small hand in turn. John managed a “how-do-you-do”; Mary beamed her guileless smile.

Lord Philip had no intention at this point in the game of revealing that he had carefully acquired from his hostess, Lady Frampten, all the details the latter knew or suspected about the Dade’s governess, or that his idly considered intention of calling upon her at Dade Hall the following day had been rendered impossible by her abrupt leave-taking, also much publicized in spite of Kendale’s best efforts. For now, he was content to keep matters upon the casual basis which had been established by their two meetings. “My groom, Abbent, is rather a high stickler, and will no doubt be reassured to know your names. The trip to London should take about ten hours, and while you will have to sacrifice a degree of comfort, I assume that your primary need at the moment is speed?”

“Oh, yes! How very good you are!” breathed Tally, the fawning gratitude in her voice at variance with the mischievous dimples. Lord Philip’s nostrils flared. Play with him, would she, the little minx? What a game this was going to be! Very good, was he? I hope you will still think so by the time I am finished with you, mused his lordship, putting on a pseudo-fatherly smile.

Abbent, who had of course overheard all the dialogue, as a good servant expected to do, and who knew his master, was echoing the thought. His reproachful glance left his lordship in no doubt that Abbent considered this little pullet to be game unworthy of his master’s gun. He also sought to convey that he little relished the prospect of standing up on the platform at the rear of the curricle for ten hours straight.

His master’s sardonic smile challenged Abbent’s credulity. In the event, it was less than five hours before his lordship called a halt at a superior inn.

“It is time we had food,” he announced, and gave the grateful Abbent the nod to dash in and prepare the host. “We shall let the children have a little run, and you may tend to their comfort.” He firmly quashed Tally’s incipient objections.

It was true, she had to admit, that Mary had become very restless, squirming the last half hour on Tally’s lap. It would be a relief to get down even from this elegantly comfortable vehicle and stretch her own legs. The party therefore descended and walked into the hostelry, where a bowing landlord ushered them at once to a private parlor where, he assured them, a splendid meal would be presented to them within the twinkling of a bedpost.

Somewhat disturbed by the image thus conveyed, Tally blushed under Lord Philip’s knowing smile. She took the children to a room where she might tidy them. The meal, when they sat down to it, was by far the finest Tally had ever tasted at an inn. She and the children, and indeed Lord Philip himself, did justice to it, and sat back replete.

“Thank you for the food,” said John, who had been trained in a hard school.

“Food,” chimed Mary, looking adorable with a tiny blob of cream on her upturned nose. Tally wiped it off tenderly.

“What good, clever children you are!” she said softly, and both infants gave her a beaming smile.

Lord Philip, feeling more moved—and in a different way—than was usual at this stage of a seduction, made his next gambit. “Should not they have a brief nap?” he questioned with a sober expression. “As I recall it, my own nanny insisted upon a rest after meals.”

Tally frowned. “They are tired, yes. But we have not really time to spare, if we are to be in London before nightfall. I have still to secure accommodation for us, sir.”

Lord Philip experienced a cold chill at the thought of Tally and her charges wandering through a nighttime London searching for cheap lodgings. “I have had a better idea,” he improvised hastily. “I think the children should not be subjected to the rigors of such a program. They will be very tired by the time we arrive. With them, and your two portmanteaus, you cannot be dragging about the streets! My sister has a house in London.” (He neglected to tell Tally that it was his own house in which his sister lived, when she was in town, which currently she was not). “We shall go there for the night, and tomorrow you may begin your search for lodgings and employment.”

Then, more to prevent her from objecting than because he really wished to know, Lord Philip continued, “What families do you have letters to, Miss Temple?”

Observing the surprise and alarm which now showed upon the girl’s lovely face, his lordship found himself more disturbed than he liked. A horrid suspicion entered his mind. “You do have letters to families known to your father or the Vicar, do you not? Or recommendations from the Seminary where you trained?” Realizing the true cause of her dismay, he snapped. “You damned little idiot! Do you mean to tell me that you have set off for London, one of the wickedest cities in the world, and have cumbered yourself with two brats, a circumstance which is sure to be misunderstood by any prospective employer, without having the faintest idea where you will be employed—if at all?”

Under this thunderous attack, Tally protested gamely. “I am not quite an idiot, Milord! And you need not try to hide your rank any longer, for I have heard Abbent milording you all day! I am not the fool you take me! I have almost seven pounds, and a good education, and I like children—”

“And your only sponsors,” finished Lord Philip grimly, “are the Baggses and a dissolute nobleman!”

“I should not, of course, consider calling upon the Baggses for a reference.” Tally’s smile was twisted, her face white. “As for the nobleman—surely he is not as reprehensible as you are implying?”

“I assure you, you could have no worse sponsor,” said his lordship grimly. “To be known to be in my company would at once put you quite outside the possibility of decent employment.”

“But in your sister’s house, surely—?” began Tally, and then caught the expression on his face. “I see,” she said slowly.

For the first time in his pampered, willful existence, Lord Philip Sandron knew deep embarrassment. This was the more odd because the lovely face of the girl held no censure, not even an appearance of shock. Philip felt a slight dew of perspiration spring out on his forehead, and realized that he would have been happier if Tally had looked censorious, or even verbally attacked him. Instead, she was still regarding him with that damnable little air of remoteness—a kind of detachment which he could hardly endure. “I see,” she said again, softly and still quite without condemnation. “Then I think I had better be securing a seat for myself and the children on the coach. We thank you for our delicious luncheon, Lord Sandron. Say goodbye to his lordship, John.”

“Goodbye, your lordship,” said the little boy solemnly, and held out a small hand.

“You had better address his lordship as Lord Sandron, John,” coached Tally gently. The boy repeated the words, and disengaged his hand from Lord Philip’s big one. Without another look at the frowning man, Tally shepherded her charges to the waiting coach and instructed the guard as to which of the pile by the inn door were her portmanteaus. The guard was pleased to assist her into the coach, and hand up the children to her. Then he took up her luggage and stowed it in the boot.

Lord Philip turned abruptly and reentered the inn. The frown had faded, and his face was cold and set. Emotions he did not care to identify were causing him a surprising amount of discomfort considering his well-advertised heartlessness. What were a pair of velvet brown eyes to him? Even if they were set in a countenance as sweet as it was beautiful? He had had at least two young women in keeping who were lovelier, and who did not have her cool little air of reserve behind the darling, mischievous smile.

The Devil take her! thought Lord Philip angrily, and then wished he had not made the curse, even lightly. He decided that, if he were to have any peace, he must dismiss the little idiot from his mind. Completely. At once. . . .





Chapter 12



Tally had been made rudely aware of the problems she was likely to encounter on her arrival in London. With less than seven pounds in her purse, she had an idea the better hotels and inns were not for her. However, it was important that she find immediate shelter for herself and the children. In the pressure of her situation, she thought of the one friend whose London address she knew, having spent a week there once during a vacation at Miss Enderby’s. In spite of the rather unfavorable circumstances of their last meeting, Tally decided to see if Cloris Blackstone would shelter her and her charges for one night.

The Blackstone residence was in Eaton Square, and there Tally directed the Jehu who had picked up the weary threesome at the Saracen’s Head Inn, where their coach finished its run. Within a time too short for Tally to formulate any but the most elementary plan, they were drawing up before the remembered edifice.

Pray Heaven Cloris is at home, thought Tally frantically, scrabbling in her purse for the required coins. The driver hoisted her luggage down and took it to the door, for which Tally rewarded him with another coin and a bright, if exhausted, smile. Before he had driven off, Tally was rapping with the knocker and encouraging the drooping children to be patient just a little longer and she would have them in a bed. I hope! she thought desperately, with all Lord Philip’s bitter, abusive criticism in mind.

The imposing portal swung open, revealing the stout figure of the butler, and behind him, a well-lighted, beautifully furnished hall. Tally gathered her forces.

“You will scarcely remember me, Staton, but I am Miss Temple, Miss Cloris’s friend—”

The stately servant executed a small bow. “Of course we remember you, Miss Thalia,” he said calmly. “We did not, however, expect to see you tonight. The Family has just gone out to dinner.”

Tally looked up at him, her heart in her desperate eyes. Staton considered her slight, gallant figure and the two little children at her side. “Come in, Miss Thalia,” he said. “Martha will take you to your room. You can talk to Miss Cloris in the morning.”

For it’s plain to the meanest intelligence, thought the butler, who was considerably older than seven, that the girl’s in a pickle and hasn’t anywhere else to go. But what Madam is going to say to those little urchins! They can’t be the girl’s—she’s too young and she’s not that sort. Oh, well, it’s only for one night!

He called the comfortable Martha to settle the unexpected guests in and give them some food. Thankfully, Tally followed the housekeeper up the stairs.





Tally awoke to smoky sunlight and a weight on her chest. Opening her eyes she found Mary’s small body resting on her. John was looking at her, wide-eyed, from the other pillow. The house was still quiet, but certain mute sounds from below suggested that the staff were already about their daily business. Quickly the girl rose, hugged the children, and praised them for their quiet behavior. She washed her face and hands and quickly donned the sober but tasteful gown she had remembered to shake out and hang up overnight. Then she washed and dressed the children and brushed out their pretty hair.

“Now, my dear John and Mary, you must wait here for me very quietly until I bring you your breakfast. Will you do that?”

“We’ll wait,” promised John, and took his sister’s hand in his.

“Wait,” agreed Mary, trustfully.

Tally’s heart filled with the resolve to protect these little ones even if it meant finding her own small corner in London, for she had no illusions that Mrs. Blackstone would wish to house all three of them for any time at all. I’ll leave right after breakfast, she told herself. I’ll find a place and perhaps Mrs. Blackstone will give me a recommendation.

Thinking thus positively, Tally went downstairs to the breakfast room where she and Cloris had had most of their meals during her visit. The table was set for three, although none of the family, not even Cloris, had made a habit of getting up this early. As she stared around the room, Staton spoke from behind her.

“Bring the children down now, Miss Thalia. Best that you get some warm food inside you—”

With a vivid smile of thanks, Tally ran lightly back upstairs and brought John and Mary down. When she reentered the breakfast room, Martha was already setting bowls of porridge at the places, and pouring tall glasses of fresh milk. She had a pleasant word for the children, and complimented Tally on their beauty.

“They were being offered for sale by a couple at an inn,” explained Tally. “I did not think I could permit such a commerce in human souls.”

Martha tutted sympathetically, but did not offer a comment. She realized better than Tally could ever do, the complications two tiny children would add to the girl’s already difficult situation.

Tally began to wonder if her dismissal by Mrs. Dade had been a matter for discussion at the Blackstone dinner table, where of course Staton and the footmen would have heard about it. She did not care to ask. Instead she joined the children in a worshipful enjoyment of such food as they had never tasted before. Mary quite won all hearts, as, spooning up the last of her porridge and cream industriously, she beamed upon Martha and said, “Good!”

“How soon do you think I could speak to Mrs. Blackstone, Staton?” asked Tally. The butler had come into the room with plates heaped with eggs and ham, to which the children were now doing justice.

“She has left a call for her tea at nine o’clock, Miss Thalia. She will be going out early to the dressmaker’s. There is an important Function which she is to attend in three days’ time.”

“May I leave the children in my—in the room until after I have spoken to her? They are very well-behaved, and will stay there until I return.”

Martha looked at Staton. He nodded slowly, then suggested, “Martha could take them to the old nursery, Miss Thalia. They could play there very quietly until—until you needed them.”

“Thank you, Staton, and you too, Martha. I am most grateful,” said Tally warmly.

Hurrying up the stairs, she quickly tidied the room and packed the portmanteau she had opened the night before. Then, nervously, she washed her face again, and redid her hair into a neat, shining, plain roll at the back of her neck. Leaving her tweed cape with her luggage, she put on her neat chip hat, took her reticule and gloves, and went down one floor to Cloris’s bedroom. Tapping lightly, she waited for Cloris’s sleepy voice bidding her to enter.

Her friend was just sitting up when Tally came toward her bed. Cloris’s mouth opened in a little squawk of surprise. “Tally! How did you get here? I thought you would … that is, I didn’t see you to say goodbye after the Frampten’s dance. I heard—” She paused, then said, “Oh, Tally!” in a remorseful voice, and held out her arms to her friend.

Tally flew toward her and was received in a warm clasp. “I am truly sorry to have plumped myself upon you uninvited, but I was really desperate last night when the coach arrived in London so late, and I had nowhere to go,” she confided, seating herself on the side of Cloris’s bed.

“But of course you must stay here!” began Cloris with impulsive warmth, and then, less positively, “I am sure Mama will not hear of anything else.”

“That is good of you, dear Cloris, but I must not do so. You see that, do you not? I have to find employment—”

“Oh, Tally, no!” interrupted Cloris, but Tally kept a serene smile of confidence upon her lips.

“Yes, Cloris. What I really hope for very much indeed is that your Mama will write me a little note mentioning that I attended Miss Enderby’s Seminary and am qualified to teach the children of good families. Would that be possible?” The calm demeanor cracked just a little to reveal the desperation within.

“If she will not, I will!” vowed Cloris. “I do not believe any of the horrid things Lady Frampten said to Mama!”

Tally groaned. “What horrid things, Cloris?” As the other girl shook her head, Tally continued. “You’ve got to tell me, don’t you see? I must know what I am to fight.”

Cloris could not meet her eyes. “You know the sort of things, Tally! I shall not insult you by repeating them. I am sure I have never been in less charity with Godmama! For of course she does not herself believe such nasty tales, and to be passing them on is the outside of enough!”

“What is this, Cloris?” came a cool voice from the doorway. Mrs. Blackstone came into her daughter’s room and stood beside the bed, looking from Cloris to Tally. “I did not know until just a minute ago that you had—honored us, Talia,” she said crisply.

“I came because I had nowhere else to go, Mrs. Blackstone,” Tally said honestly. “My coach arrived in London at ten o’clock last night, and I—I was afraid. I am so grateful for your—for the protection of your home. I intend to leave now that I have spoken to you . . . thanked you.”

This forthright speech seemed to mollify the lady somewhat. With a less acid tone, Mrs. Blackstone said, “I am pleased, of course, that you thought of Cloris and me when you were in such wretched straits, but you must know, Thalia, that there has been a good deal of unpleasant talk about you—”

“Mother!” gasped Cloris.

“Your mother is right Cloris. There has been talk, but I can only assure you that I have done nothing . . . nothing of which any woman could be ashamed.”

Mrs. Blackstone’s stared at her intently.

“I have known you to lie, Thalia. But then, I do not really know you very well, do I? Miss Enderby spoke highly of you. What are your plans?”

“I am hoping to secure a position as a governess. Miss Enderby will give me a recommendation, I am sure, but if I could have one from some respected member of London Society—” The girl hesitated and then continued bravely, “addressed to some lady who needs the services of a governess…”

Mrs. Blackstone’ eyes opened very wide. “You are saying that you wish me to write you a recommendation?”

“I was in hopes you might not believe whatever lies Mrs. Dade has been spreading about me. My father was compelled to—to punish her older son for his rude behavior toward me, his sisters’ governess. I—”

Mrs. Blackstone shook her head. “I am sorry, but I cannot be writing a recommendation for you, Thalia. Lady Frampten is Cloris’s godmother. The families have always been close. I cannot offend her by sponsoring a young person she has taken in such strong aversion. She believes you sought to come between her daughter and Mr. Kendale. I am sure you understand my position.”

Tally, her heart in her shoes, nodded slowly. “Yes, I understand, Mrs. Blackstone. I have deep gratitude for the shelter your house has provided me and the children last night, and I shall leave—”

“The children?” squeaked Mrs. Blackstone “What children?”

“Two darling waifs I met upon the road. A cruel brute was trying to sell them, so of course I took them away from him.”

“How old are they?” demanded Mrs. Blackstone.

“John is about five or six years old, I should guess, and Mary cannot be more than three.”

Her hostess breathed a sigh of relief. “At least Mrs. Dade cannot say they are yours!”

“I would not put it past her, if she hears about them,” said Cloris grimly. “Mama, cannot we—?”

“No,” said Mrs. Blackstone with finality.

Tally’s color rose. “I must take my leave, ma’am, of you and Cloris. You have been hospitable, and I thank you.”

Cloris was looking so despondent that Ms. Blackstone made haste to speed the parting guest before her impulsive daughter could make a scene which would embarrass everyone and achieve nothing. Keep that beautiful little troublemaker in her house? Never! Quite aside from what Amelia Frampten would have to say, there was Cloris herself to consider. No beauty, she. The less competition she had to face, the more hope that she might make at least a respectable match. And then there were the two children! Mrs. Blackstone could almost hear Amelia Frampten on that subject!

“Have you enough money, Thalia?” she asked, leading her firmly from Cloris’s room. “Staton shall call you a hackney. I am sure he will know of some hostel where you might be comfortably lodged at a reasonable cost.”

At this moment there issued a wail of protest from her daughter’s room, and Tally’s reluctant hostess turned a harried glance on her uncomfortable guest.

Tally forced a smile.

“Don’t worry, Mrs. Blackstone,” she said softly. “I shall leave immediately. Cloris will be all right shortly. She quite frequently had these upsets at Miss Enderby’s. She has a very tender heart.

Mrs. Blackstone, retiring to her boudoir, did not wait to see the last of these very awkward guests. Staton, however, spoke firmly to the driver of the hackney coach, paid him, and tipped him generously from the petty cash. After ordering him to take Miss and the children to a decent lodging house, he said sternly, “We shall be inquiring about Miss tomorrow. She had better be safe or you’ll answer to us!”





Chapter 13



Tally was deeply grateful for Staton’s kindness when she was deposited at Mrs. Timkin’s lodging house on Mudge Street. She observed that the building was three storeys tall and very narrow, set in a long row of similar structures, and while there was no such central, green square as graced Cloris’s home, still the place seemed clean and respectable. Silently Tally and her charges followed the red-haired landlady up three flights to a small room off the top landing. It was tidy and barely adequate for her needs. Holding a silent child with each hand, Tally looked around the tiny cubicle.

There was a window, uncurtained. A narrow single bed took up one wall. One chair and a small chest of drawers, which would have to serve as wardrobe, table, and desk, were set against the other inner wall. On top of the chest was a basin and small jug for water.

“You’ll need a trundle bed for your brother,” announced Mrs. Timkin. She stared suspiciously at the children. “I ’opes as they ain’t rambunctious! The jakes is in the yard at the back o’ the ’ouse. Food in the kitchen at seven in the mornin’ and six at night. Ye finds yer own lunch.” She looked once more at the silent children, her gaze imperceptibly softening as she scanned the little girl. She frowned at Tally. This quiet girl, so pretty and soft-voiced, was quite outside Mrs. Timkin’s usual experience. Her clothing looked like a swell’s, but it was modest and far from gaudy. The landlady, eyeing it shrewdly, estimated it was homemade, and wondered briefly if the girl was apprenticed to a dressmaker. Even her jaundiced eye perceived that the little ones were well-scrubbed, handsome, and well-behaved. The girl had appeared in a hackney with two large pieces of luggage. She had paid without haggling the five shillings Mrs. Timkin asked for room and board for the week. Still, there was the brats. Two little imps of Satan could stir up trouble if the girl wasn’t around to keep them quiet.

“What work do you do?” asked Mrs. Timkin in her loud, grating voice.

“I am hoping to get work as a governess, for which I am trained,” answered Tally cheerfully. “But I will do any honest work that is offered. Do you know of any such in the neighborhood, ma’am?”

Mrs. Timkin scowled. No job! She didn’t like the sound of that. She began to have second thoughts about the desirability of the trio as lodgers.

At this crucial moment, Mary became Tally’s dea ex machina. Beaming up at Mrs. Timkin, she pointed one tiny finger at the fiery mop of hair. “Pretty!” said Mary. “Pretty lady!” And she patted her own fair hair. Then she completed her conquest. “Mama?”

No person, not even the late unlamented Mr. Timkin, had ever used the word “pretty” in connection with Mag Timkin’s carroty thatch. As for the maternal reference, the landlady had two teenaged sons, big awkward fellows who took after their father, but no girl children. Mary was the embodiment of a dream Mrs. Timkin had never acknowledged. Disgusted by her own soft-headedness, she heard herself instructing the young woman to bring the children down to the kitchen for a meal as soon as she had unpacked and settled in. After which unprecedented hospitality, Mrs. Timkin stamped angrily down the stairs, muttering against herself.

Tally gave her time to get back to her kitchen. Then, handing John the small toys Martha had given her for them, she told them to play very quietly while she brought up the luggage. Halfway down the stairs she encountered a large scowling youth laboring upward with her two portmanteaus. His surly expression changed to one of extreme interest as he took in the appearance of the girl above him.

“Oh!” cried Tally, quite completing his conquest. “You are bringing up my luggage! How kind you are. Which of Mrs. Timkin’s sons are you?”

“Ah’m ’Oracle.” He grinned. “Me older brother ’Enry’s eatin’.”

Almost bashfully the red-haired youth followed the graceful figure of the girl back to the attic room. There he was disposed to linger, but Tally thanked him firmly and said she would no doubt be meeting him very shortly in his mother’s kitchen. This got rid of him for the moment at least, and Tally hastened to complete the settling-in process. Just as she had the contents of the second portmanteau tucked into the dresser, a clattering upon the stairs announced the arrival of the promised trundle bed, manhandled by two youths of remarkably similar cast of countenance, both red-haired. One was her acquaintance, ’Orace, the other, surly, version she took to be ’Enry. Tally dismissed them as pleasantly as she was able. ’Enry, lingering, seemed to find her courtesy more of an invitation than a request to vacate. Tally began to fear that she had exchanged Rafe and Josh for another oafish pair. She tidied John and Mary, and promising herself that she would make a curtain for the window that very day, she carried Mary down to the kitchen, closely followed by John. There they feasted in the company of Horace and Henry upon meaty bowls of beef soup and fresh bread and butter. The children’s heads were beginning to nod over their crusts, and Tally took them back and put them to bed with the promise that she would take them for a walk after their nap. Locking the door, she hurried down to ask her hostess about possible jobs in the neighborhood. Rather grudgingly, Mrs. Timkin gave her three addresses.

Unfortunately, none of the prospective employers had need of Tally’s services. The butcher’s wife had already gotten her sister’s daughter to help in the shop. Tally, seeing the bloody carcasses, could only be thankful the job was filled. The greengrocer’s young wife mistrusted the look of the modishly dressed girl with the nobby accent, and rejected her out of hand. The tiny inn, three streets over, was little more than a tavern. While it was probably respectable, since Mrs. Timkin espoused it, still it was not a place in which Tally could see herself working happily.

In the back of her mind, there was always the pressure to make some sort of home for her father, but that would have to wait until she found work which would yield her a wage beyond the immediate needs of herself and the children. Tally got back to the Timkin’s about four o’clock, and found John and Mary cozily set up in the kitchen, helping Mrs. Timkin make a bread pudding. Thankfully, the girl accepted the offer of a cup of tea and the heavy scone which went with it. Then she took the children up to their room and settled them for the night, thankful that they had not remembered the promise to go for a walk. She expected to spend the evening worrying about her failure to get work, and planning further efforts for the following day. Instead she rallied her spirits, got out a dress she had worn several years before, a dainty flowered muslin, and sewed up a pair of curtains before it grew too dark to see. Then she went to bed, and fell fast asleep.

She was awakened at daylight by Mary’s little hand patting at her shoulder. She went down to get breakfast for the three of them, and Mrs. Timkin, to her surprise, helped her up with it.

“You didn get any o’ them jobs yesterday,” she said harshly.

“There’s always today.” Tally’s smile was firm.

Mrs. Timkin’s eye was caught by the curtains. “Put them up yerself, did ye?”

“Horace gave me two nails, and I used the heel of my shoe,” Tally explained. “I hope you do not object?”

Mrs. Timkin shrugged. “I don’ ’old with dust catchers.” she said repressively. “Where did ye buy the cloth?”

“I made them out of a dress that’s too small for me,” explained Tally further. “I’m going to make the rest of it into a pinafore for Mary. She loves the bright colors.”

“The curtains is pretty,” admitted the landlady. “And Mary’ll look a treat in a pinny made o’ that cloth.” She stared hard at Tally. “Ye can sew, an’ ye talks like a nob, an’ you ain’t bad to look at. Seems to me you should be doin’ better than Mudge street. Are ye some swell’s daughter run off from yer folks? The kinds ain’t yourn, is they?”

Tally felt it was time to confide in her hostess. She told her about the Baggses first. Mrs. Timkin was suitably incensed, but was forced to admit that dozens of children were abandoned in the streets every week in the slums of London. “Their folks dies, or runs off because there’s no money, or maybe the mother ain’t married and can’t keep them no longer. Mostly the brats goes to the workhouse. I’m glad you took ’em.” She stole a look at Mary, whose bright curls were bent over a bowl of bread and milk. She sighed and turned back to Tally.

“Now about yerself, Miss, wot do ye plan to do?”

Surrendering to the determined inquisition, Tally related the whole story of her adventures since leaving Miss Enderby’s.

“That’s as good as one o’ them plays they put on in town, that is! Ye say yer Dad’s stayin’ with some old parson in the country? That’s a weight off yer mind! Leave ’im there till we got ye a job. The devil’s in it. I can’t think o’ nothin’ that would do, for yer Quality, that much is plain, an’ yer Dad would never forgive us if we got you into anythin’ queer.”

“Neither my father nor myself would be offended by honest work,” protested Tally.

To which her mentor replied rather shortly, “Allow me to know, Miss! Barmaid ’e would never stand for, nor would I. Nor ’awkin’ anything in the street. Set a bad example for Mary, that would. Yer too pretty to be a ’ousemaid, for that’s a job as makes ye fair game for any randy buck in the ’ouse.” She glanced at the curtains. “We might find ye a job sewin’, but the pay’s paltry and the work’s rooinous on yer eyes. We can’t get ye in as a governess without a letter from some great lady—”

“Wait!” cried Tally. “Miss Enderby would oblige me with a letter, I am sure of it! And father’s host might also speak for me! Mrs. Timkin, I’ll write to them tonight, and ask for a recommendation. In the meantime, I’ll keep looking in the neighborhood. And I’ll help you all I can in the house, if you will just continue to keep an eye upon Mary and John while I am out looking for work?”

“There’s one thing—” began Tally’s landlady awkwardly. An unaccustomed color stained her cheeks. “If ye’d ’elp me boys to speak a little more perlite?”

“Do they wish to have instructions?” queried Tally, rather taken aback at the idea of Horace and Henry as scholars.

“’Tis me dearest wish they should learn enough to rise above their station in life,” confessed their mother. Then, she said fiercely, “Coal ’eavers like their Pa was, I do not wish ’em to be! ’Orace does odd jobs at a play’ouse, an’ minds the ’orses of the men who comes to see the show. ’E don’t make much, and it ain’t steady. ’Enry’s been workin’ at the docks. ’E gets good money when there’s a ship in, but ’e’s ’ot-tempered, like me, an’ I’m worried ’e’ll be killed by one o’ them furrin’ sailors.”

“I’ll be glad to do what I can, of course,” agreed Tally quickly.

“If ye could learn ’em to read, an’ write, an’ figger, maybe they could get jobs in a shop somewhere,” urged Mrs. Timkin, her eyes glazed with the splendor of such a situation. “An’ to pay for all yer trouble—for well I know it will be ’ard to drive anything into their thick ’eads!—I’ll give ye an’ John an’ Mary yer room free.”

Tally thought quickly. The offer would resolve her immediate difficulties, provide a safe haven for herself and the children, but it would not enable her to save money to bring her father to London. She considered the possibility of installing Jocelyn Temple in a room such as this. He would never notice the absence of amenities or even simple comforts as long as he had his precious books. Tally sighed. She hated to think of him in Mudge Street. If only he could remain with the Reverend Tobbitt! Perhaps she might offer to keep him there as a boarder? But at this instant, Mrs. Timkin was waiting for her answer.

“Yes, ma’am, I shall tutor your sons if they wish it. Writing, reading, mathematics—was that it?”

“An’ figgerin’, added Mrs. Timkin. “That’s the most needful to ’elp ’em cut a dash.”

Tally smiled reassurance. “Indeed it is,” she agreed, “if they are to be clerks.” She found it impossible to picture Henry and Horace Timkin in clean white stocks, wielding a pen at a desk. She hastened to explain one important requirement. “We must set up a daily regimen, six days a week, at least two hours a day, if we are to show progress. I’ll have to discover what they already know—and Mrs. Timkin,” she added soberly, “your sons will have to agree to work. I cannot teach them against their will, you know.”

Mrs. Timkin nodded. “’Orace, ’e wants to better hisself. You’ll ’ave no trouble with ’im. Ye’ll ’ave yer ’ands fully with ’Enry. ’E thinks book-learnin’ is for mollycoddles.”

“I must warn you that if Henry doesn’t want to learn, there is no way I know of to make him. He’s a grown man.”

Mrs. Timkin considered the problem, and reluctantly admitted the problem. “Stubborn, that’s ’Enry. Well, just ’Orace, then, if ’Enry turns awkward.” She peered hopefully at the girl. “I think ’e’s got ’is eye on yer. Maybe that’ll make ’im work?”

Horrified at the thought of the loutish Henry with his eye on her, Tally hastened to disabuse his mama of the delusion that such a state might make for better scholarship. She was privately of the opinion that Henry would be more anxious to be the teacher than the pupil, and she had no desire to come to points with him. After further discussion, the ladies agreed upon a schedule which would leave Tally free to search for work outside the house to eke out her dwindling funds, while Mrs. Timkin kept an eye upon John and Mary.

As soon as her landlady departed, taking the children to the shops for an outing, Tally sat down and wrote her letter to Jocelyn. Then, lest he read it and promptly forget all that she proposed, she wrote a second letter to his clerical host. Lastly, she wrote a note to Miss Enderby, to request the needed recommendation. As she sealed the last envelope, she sighed with relief.





Chapter 14



While Tally was finding her first home in London, Lord Philip Sandron had just decided to give up the struggle to erase one cool, maddening, saucy, silly little female from his mind. The gods knew he had tried hard enough! The Beau Monde was abuzz with his latest series of extravagances. Matchmaking Mamas were beginning to think twice about placing their marriageable daughters in his way—it was such a capricious, wanton way!—and even his closest associates were asking themselves and each other what perverse devil had gotten into old Flip these days.

“Get yourself a new Inamorata,” advised his best friend, Drogo Trevelyan, a big, catlike fellow with tawny hair and eyes. “Take her to Paris or Rome or somewhere and work off your bile.”

“What a charming suggestion!” sneered Philip. “So elegantly phrased, too. I’m surprised you don’t just prescribe a purgative, Dr. Trevelyan.”

“Well, it’s damned clear you need some sort of easement, Flip! You’re as tight as a bowstring! What’s to do?”

“I’m afraid I am in love,” said Philip, unwisely.

He was compelled to endure his friend’s laughter and persistent teasing for the next five minutes, and then, getting up from the table where they had been sharing dinner, he strode over to the window which looked out upon the elegant green of the central square. “I must request your promise that you will not disclose what I have just said,” he demanded.

Drogo hooted. “You know I won’t give you away, old fellow.” He grinned. “I am all Silence—like Lady Jersey.”

Since this Patroness of Almack’s was noted for her endless chatter, the comment did not reassure Lord Philip. “Until you meet the first of our friends,” he added morosely.

Drogo stared speculatively at the tall, broad-shouldered back presented to his view. “You meant it, didn’t you?” he said at length. “I ask forgiveness. It was such a shock—” He whistled.

Philip turned to face him, and the white, set look upon his friend’s face quite wiped the amusement from Drogo’s features.

“I have seen her three times.” Philip began slowly. “She is beautiful, and sweet, and an innocent—and I permitted her to come to London with the two children—”

The alarm on Drogo’s face arrested Lord Philip midsentence. He smiled a little grimly. “Oh, they aren’t mine, nor are they hers. She—rescued them from a brute who was trying to sell them. She rather makes a habit of that form of benevolence.”

“How old is this—er—philanthropist” ventured Drogo. At the moment he was not entirely convinced of his friend’s sanity. Flip’s life to date had not given his intimates any reason to suspect a partiality for female saints or saviors.

Philip shrugged. “Eighteen, twenty . . . certainly not more. Her name is Thalia Temple, and she’s the daughter of a scholar at present residing with a clerical type in a hamlet called Upton Downs—”

Drogo raised his eyes to the ceiling, his mouth widening in a grin. “Not—I beg of you—not Upson Downs!” he said in a voice strangled with laughter. “It is so—so characteristic of you! Sometimes ’e’s up; sometimes ’e’s down; sometimes ’e just goes roun’ and roun’.”

“Any more such fustian out of you, and you’ll hear no more of this,” warned Philip, but the set look of his face had eased. “I had thought you might be willing to help me.”

“Every time.” Drogo assured him. “Open the budget, old fellow.”

After a suspicious glance at his friend’s carefully blank expression, Philip went on slowly, “I probably wouldn’t have mentioned the matter to you—irreverent dog that you are!—and it’s Upton Downs—had I not reached the end of my tether. I’ve been worrying about the silly little fool until I can’t get a decent night’s rest, and trying to put the idiot out of my mind by every means I can think of—”

“Don’t tell me!” begged Drogo. “Half of London is agog over your exploits! So they didn’t succeed in taking your thoughts off the silly idiotic fool—and I quote you!—” he protested, alarmed at the sudden look of anger on his friend’s face.

“It’s all right for me to say it. I know her,” Philip informed him loftily. “I begin to see there is nothing for it but to find her and take her in hand.”

His friend breathed a sigh of relief. “Excellent idea!” He agreed cordially. “I’ll help you.”

Philip looked up from a careful scrutiny of his fingernails. “How?”

“Well, first we’ll go to Upton Downs.” He suppressed a grin. “There we’ll find out from her Papa where the charmer is presently residing, and then we’ll both go and call upon her and urge her to accept your protection—”

“I’m damned if we will,” said Philip between set teeth. “At least permit me to conduct my own campaign!”

Drogo was much relieved to note that the deep scowl had vanished from his friend’s face, to be replaced, for the first time in days, by a look of pleased anticipation.





Chapter 15



Several days passed quickly as Tally established the new routine. ’Enry proved more than a bit awkward, justifying her own and his mother’s fears. He seemed to regard the tutoring sessions as an invitation to prove his masculinity. Every meeting, sensibly scheduled by Tally to take place in Mrs. Timkin’s parlor, became a test of strength, and since Henry was bigger, stronger, and had no scruples, his mother was forced to concede that for him, at least, the experiment had proved a failure. This was dramatically demonstrated when Mrs. Timkin, rushing into the parlor one evening at the urgent request of her younger son, discovered Tally locked in Henry’s arms, struggling to avoid his kisses.

Henry released the girl at his mother’s angry command, reinforced as it was with a frying pan, thankfully empty at the moment. He went to lounge against the door with an insolent grin.

“What’s come over ye, ’Enry?” demanded his indignant parent. “Ye knows Miss Temple ain’t no doxy! Besides, yer too young—”

“Am I, Ma?” Henry slouched over to stand beside his mother. “I’m off to the docks, Ma. There’s a ship in, an’ I got man’s work to do, unloadin’ ’er. No work, no pay! See ye tonight, pretty doxy!” He ruffled Tally’s hair as he walked past her.

Mrs. Timkin apologized profusely, her hopes in ruins, and her fears for Tally rudely stimulated. The girl was able to comfort her with the news that Horace, at least, was benefiting from instruction, and showed considerable aptitude. It was a relief not to have to face any more exhausting sessions with Henry.

Tally renewed her efforts to find genteel employment elsewhere. In this she had no luck. No recommendation had as yet arrived from Miss Enderby. As Tally had ruefully predicted, there was no message from Jocelyn Temple either, but a letter did come from the Reverend Tobbitt which disturbed the girl. It said in part:





Your dear father is the most comfortable of guests, since we are two old scholars together, and spend delightful evenings discussing the Classics or arguing theological quiddities. I would beg you to permit him to remain with me as long as he cares to, but I fear his health is not robust. He had developed a wracking cough and seems, in spite of all my good housekeeper can do, to be losing weight quite rapidly. Please be assured I shall do all in my power to assist and comfort this good man, but perhaps you might be able to visit him some Sunday or holiday, to see for yourself. Dr. Venable calls upon us both quite frequently; I can see that he regards us as a pair of old dodderers . . . .





It seemed also that she had not solved the problem of Henry. That burly youth encountered her on the narrow staircase the following afternoon as Tally, having just put the children down for their nap, was hurrying to continue her search for work. Grinning widely, Henry blocked her way. At first she felt only vague impatience at his silly tricks.

“Do move over, Henry, and let me past!” Tally said crossly. “I must make use of this free time while the children rest.”

“I can show ye a good way to make use of it,” leered Henry.

Still Tally was not alarmed. She put her hand on Henry’s shoulder and tugged at him. “Move!”

He took her in his arms. Since he was standing two steps below her, his face was on a level with hers. He had been eating onions, and his hot breath nauseated the girl. She pushed him from her in a frenzy of rejection which startled her as much as it did her attacker. So fierce was her thrust that Henry staggered and flung both arms wide, clutching at wall and stair rail to keep from falling. Tally slipped past him like an eel, and ran on downstairs, followed by a particularly ugly flow of invective from Henry.

Next time I shall slap his face, thought the girl, angrily.

She did not succeed in finding work that afternoon either, and her despondent thoughts about her father and their situation quite removed from her mind any memory of the unpleasant scene on the stairs. Henry said nothing further to her, but his glowering looks, had she noticed them, would have warned her that he had not forgotten her rejection of his amorous advances.

Young Horace, noting her depression, made a suggestion at the end of their lesson that evening. She had just congratulated him upon the improvement he was showing, and in a boyish spurt of enthusiasm, he told her he had been given tickets for a performance which was being given the following night at the theater where he worked. He invited her to accompany him. Upon learning that the main play of the evening was to be Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar, Tally decided it could be classed as educational, and agreed to attend with him in place of their usual session with the books. Mrs. Timkin was dubious, holding the notion that any performances upon a stage could hardly be called respectable, let alone educational.

“Actresses,” she said darkly. “No better than they should be. All painted up and showin’ their legs.”

“This play is a classical tragedy, set in Rome before the time of Christ.”

“Oh, an ’eathen play,” interjected Mrs. Timkin, not at all mollified.

“It is accounted a great work of art, Mrs. Timkin,” Tally said gently. “Horace will benefit from the beautiful use of the English language, I promise you, ma’am.”

Scarcely reassured, Mrs. Timkin saw them off the following night with muttered forebodings, although she promised cheerfully enough to keep an ear out for the children, now safely tucked away in their beds on the top floor.





An hour later, Tally was devoutly wishing she had listened to Mrs. Timkin. The small theater, made over from a warehouse, was crowded with noisy patrons who seemed to prefer shouting insults at the actors to listening to the poetry of the Bard. The costumes, instead of imitating those of ancient Rome, were gaudy and tasteless examples of the worst extremes of contemporary styles. The actors and actresses forgot their lines, improvised in ways which would have driven Will Shakespeare to murder most justified, especially since they pronounced the lovely words they did remember in accents more suited to the docks and the gutter than the senate chamber and villas of the Roman rulers. Horace did not seem to be disappointed, but Tally was forced to admit that there was nothing even vaguely educational in the performance as presented by Jonah Vandaleur’s Company.

As the evening progressed, Tally’s discomfort turned to active annoyance and finally to anger. What sort of barbarians were Mr. Vandaleur and his fellow actors to do this sacrilege to a work of such stature? The final insult was added to injury when an announcement was made that the last two acts of the play would be omitted to allow for the performance of a new farce. The audience were uproarious in their delight. Tally suggested to Horace that they leave at once. He looked so disappointed that she relented and agreed to remain for the rest of the program.

The farce, lacking even a nodding acquaintance with dramatic literature, seemed to please the audience greatly. They cheered every absurd bit of slapstick, the more vulgar the better. The farce was followed by a two-act play which surprised Tally with its witty lines and audaciously amusing plot. Even the actors appeared to enjoy this offering, and minced and ruffled across the stage with verve and enthusiasm. The audience became quieter, following the action closely. No more catcalls or insults, but hearty laughter as the humorous plot unfolded its fascinating twists and reversals.

“But this is good!” Tally murmured. Her only regret this time was over the staging: the costumes were not appropriate, and actors who were supposed to be members of the Haut Ton spoke in cockney accents more appropriate to Billingsgate than to the Beau Monde. The bad grammar and atrocious accents made several scenes disappointing. Slowly the audience began loudly mimicking the worst blunders. Others in the theater, less finicky, shouted for silence, adding considerably to the din. The play was brought to a rousing and rather rowdy finish, with the actors bellowing to be heard above the din. Tally was feeling very uncomfortable as they made their way out of the theater through the jostle of bodies, but Horace was ecstatic at his first experience with the drama.

“Miss Temple, wot’s me chances of getting’ to be one o’ them blokes up there?” Before Tally could answer, her escort stared calculatingly around him. “Must be upwards o’ two ’undred paid to get in ’ere tonight. That’s—well, that’s a pretty penny comin’ into their pockets every night!” Horace blushed under Tally’s tutorial eye.

“Your skill at numbers needs to match your enthusiasm,” Tally smiled. “That will be our first sum tomorrow evening. Given two hundred patrons at the theater, at two shillings the seat, with standing room at eight pence, how much does Mr. Vandeleur make?”

“I’d rather just ask ’im,” admitted Horace. “An’ if I was up there on the stage, ’e’d be payin’ me!”

“I believe it is rather a chancy sort of life, Horace,” said Tally soberly, as they walked back to Mudge Street. “Of course, I do not know for sure. You could find out a great deal, working outside the theater most nights as you do. Do you think your Mama would approve of such a life for you? She seemed a little—unhappy about our going.”

“She’d be sure to like it better’n what ’Enry’s doin’. She’s always onto ’im about getting’ away from the docks. An’ I can’t keep ’oldin ’orses forever!”

While Tally was strongly of the opinion that the life of an actor might be even less to Mrs. Timkin’s taste than that of a stevedore, she kept her thoughts to herself.

To their surprise, all the lights were burning in the house as they arrived, and the front door was wide open. They had no more than entered the hall when they were confronted by a red-haired fury. Wild-eyed, Mrs. Timkin challenged them.

“Where is Mary?”

Tally’s heart lurched. Not Baggs! Had he followed her here, stolen one of the children? “Is John safe?” she gasped.

Mrs. Timkin glared at her. “Sound in his bed. Did ye take Mary with ye to that den of iniquity?”

“You know we did not, Mrs. Timkin,” answered Tally gently, pushing past her to go up the stairs.

The frantic landlady caught at her arm. “Where do you think yer goin’?” she shrilled. “I’ve searched the ’ole ’ouse over and she ain’t in it! If ye’d stayed here to look after ’er as ye ought, stead of traipsin’ out to play’ouses, she’d still be ’ere! Yer not fit to ’ave the care o’ the sweet little creature!” Her fury mounted as she confronted the white-faced girl. “Well, she’s gone, an’ ye can go after ’er! I want ye out o’ here this minute, an’ the boy with ye!”

Horace, shocked by his mother’s sudden onslaught, was vainly trying to urge patience and calm when a slouching form entered the hall. Henry, grinning slyly, caught at his mother’s shoulder.

“No, Ma, ye can’t throw the little doxy out inta the street tonight. The kid’ll turn up tomorrow. Somebody’s sure to find ’er an’ bring ’er back.”

“Stow yer mag,” snarled his mother. “Mary’s gone, an’ this girl can go after ’er. I won’t ’ave ’er in me ’ouse another minute!”

Tally was staring at Henry’s face. On it a kind of sly triumph mingled with dissatisfaction with his mother’s decision to oust the girl. Tally’s jaw set. If he had done something with that child! “Where is Mary?” Tally demanded, glaring into Henry’s face.

“’Spose you tell us, Miss Teacher,” sneered the youth. “Yer the one knows everything around ’ere.”

Tally turned upon a gaping Mrs. Timkin. “You’ve searched the house thoroughly? All the cupboards . . . boxes?” Oh, Mary, are you hidden in a trunk? Can you breathe, Mary, where this beast has put you?

Into the dreadful little silence came a faint echo of a child’s cry. Tally was not even sure she heard the sound, but Mrs. Timkin was into the kitchen and out the back door before anyone else could move. Tally ran after her into the small, cobbled yard behind the house. At the far corner loomed the structure which held the privy. The door was latched on the outside. From within came the tiny whimper of a child.

Mrs. Timkin had the door open and had snatched up the cowering Mary before Tally could act. The girl escorted the landlady back into the lighted kitchen, and then took Mary gently but firmly from Mrs. Timkin’s reluctant grasp.

“I think it best that she come quietly to bed. She is cold and frightened,” Tally said firmly.

Mrs. Timkin cast an agonized look at the tiny figure clinging to the girl’s shoulder. “I’ll bring up some ’ot milk,” she muttered.

Tally left without another word or glance at the worried Horace. Henry had disappeared. The thought entered Tally’s head that the brute might be lurking on the stairway in the shadows. If he dares to accost me, I shall push him down. And I hope he breaks his neck!

Washing Mary’s tear-stained, weary little face, and gently wrapping her in the warm tweed cape before placing her in their bed, Tally realized that her situation had indeed changed for the worse. She was well aware that Mrs. Timkin had not meant the angry things she had said, and would in truth be desolate when Tally and the children left, but the girl knew it would be quite impossible for her to remain in a house which also held Henry Timkin. He was ignorant, malicious and brutal. The fact that he had used the tiny girl to hurt Tally proved that he had no scruples. This time the trick had ended without too much damage. His next little game might have a very different, even disastrous ending.

Tally was crooning a lullaby to the still-trembling child when Mrs. Timkin entered with a beaker of warm milk. “It will ’elp ’er to sleep,” she offered humbly.

The girl accepted the peace offering. Pulling Mary up against her shoulder, she held the cup to the soft, pink lips. Mary drank a little, murmured, and then with a sigh, turned to rest against Tally’s breast. Tally handed back the cup. “If you will just turn down the lamp very low, ma’am,” she whispered. “I’ll hold her till she goes to sleep.”

With a final, longing glance at Mary, the landlady did as she was bid and slipped from the room. It was not long before Tally closed her eyes.

Next morning, when she led the children into the kitchen for breakfast, there was no sign of either of Mrs. Timkin’s sons. The landlady seemed pathetically anxious to please, and had a bounteous meal on the table. Mary ate heartily, showing no ill-effects from her incarceration, and John was his usual quiet self. Tally too, was quiet, thinking how best to phrase what she had to say.

Mrs. Timkin anticipated her.

“I knows as ye’ll want to leave this ’ouse, after what ’Enry did las’ night,” she began miserably. “I can’t say as I blame ye, Miss Temple, but ’ave ye reelly thought wot yer goin’ to do?”

Tally met her glance pleasantly. “I have had an idea, Mrs. Timkin, but it will take a little time for me to make arrangements. Could I leave the children in your hands this morning while I go to see?”

Mrs. Timkin’s tired face relaxed as she realized that Tally was going to trust her at least once more to guard the children.

“Thank ye, Miss Temple, I’ll be glad to see to ’em! Ye’re determined to leave us, then? Me rotten temper ’as made ye sick an’ tired of us. Ye know,” she said, with a sidelong glance from under her puffy lids, “I didden’ mean anything I said las’ night. I was so feared for Mary . . .”

“Of course you were, Mrs. Timkin!” Tally soothed her. “I know how you love her, even as I do. Do not give it another thought! I have forgotten the whole incident—”

“But not ’Enry’s dirty trick,” said his mother grimly. “I could swear it’d never ’appen again, but I can see ye’d be ’appier somewhere’s else.” She straightened her back. “One thing I must ask ye to promise me, Miss Temple,” she said formally. “If ye go, an’ somethin’ goes wrong, ye’ll promise to come back ’ere till ye get it straight?”

“Thank you, Mrs. Timkin!” said Tally sincerely. “That is most reassuring, and kind.” She smiled. “I’ll save Mary and John in your care while I make a call this morning.”

Leaving the children happily amused by a grateful Mrs. Timkin, Tally readied herself for the gamble she had conceived during the night hours by donning her most elegant outfit, a deep blue woolen redingote with a tiny blue hat, from the brim of which her soft curls tumbled into a blue velvet snood. Taking gloves and reticule, she made her way back through the streets to the building Mr. Jonah Vandeleur had turned into a theater.

The playhouse looked less attractive by morning light, and Tally’s courage was severely tested as she tried to find a way inside. The front doors were locked. Following a narrow, littered alley around the building in the rear, Tally discovered an open back door which led into the stage area. Picking her way carefully through anonymous trash, past dressing rooms and stacks of painted canvas flats, she eventually came upon a half dozen people arguing loudly upon the stage. At her entrance, all eyes turned upon her, and the argument was temporarily suspended.

A haggard-looking middle-aged man came forward to address her. “I am Mr. Vandeleur,” he made a consciously dramatic announcement. “How may I serve you, Madam?”

“I have come to help you,” said Tally clearly. “You are really wasting your time, you know, and you seem quite talented.”

“Oho, Mistress Hoity-toity!” sneered a dashingly pretty brunette in a dress which showed a great deal too much of her person for that hour of the day. “Come to tell the vulgar players how to go on, have you? Who made you our critic?”

“I saw the performance last night.” Tally kept her eyes on the manager. “The Shakespeare was badly read and incorrectly costumed for the period—” she began.

“Costumed!” hooted one of the older male actors. “Those togs were intended for a different play altogether. Our trouble was that the stupid merchants, and randy young Bloods who were only here to ogle the girl’s bosoms, have neither ears to hear nor wits to comprehend the divine Will!”

“Your Antony was very good,” acknowledged Tally, recognizing the rich, resonant voice and the oratorical approach. “I’m glad your ‘Friends, Romans, Countrymen’ speech wasn’t cut. It was superb!” In fact, she could have added, the only good thing about the whole presentation of the play, but caution held her tongue.

Last night’s Antony swept her a deep bow. “Out of the vey mouths of babes,” he grinned wolfishly. “I am Ponty Hamner, at your service.”

“I am Thalia Temple, Mr. Hamner. Mr. Vandeleur, I would dearly like to be of service to your company.”

The dark-haired woman came closer with what could only be characterized as a flounce. “And what d’you think you could do to serve us? Or is it just the men you’ve got your eye on?”

“Don’t be coarse, Dorinda,” mocked Vandeleur. He seemed to be enjoying the confrontation, and Tally noticed that when he laughed, his whole face lighted and became quite handsome.

“I took careful note of your performances,” Tally continued. “When the audience laughed, and why; when they lost interest, but most especially when you held them.”

The actors moved closer, even Dorinda’s scowl fading as she pressed closer to hear an audience reaction to their performance.

“Do go on,” invited the manager, and his knowing dark eyes fastened on the lovely face before him. “Tell us more! We are our favorite subject!”

“The witty play you finished with was by far the best thing I have ever seen upon a stage,” she said honestly. She did not intend to tell them that, aside from a few amateur performances put on at Miss Enderby’s, and a Christmas pantomime she and Cloris had been taken to by Mr. Blackstone, she had never actually seen a play upon a stage. She had read every one of Shakespeare’s plays, however, and listened closely enough to her father, and to her English mistress at school, to know what she was talking about . . . she hoped!

“You should forget the Shakespeare, which as Mr. Hamner has just said, is above the comprehension of your regular audience, and concentrate upon such laugh-provoking and delightful plays as last night’s success—”

“Not quite a success, my dear,” said Mr. Vandeleur wryly. “You must have heard our—ah—detractors interrupting the latter half of the play? It’s a fairly close plagiarism of one of Richard Sheridan’s triumphs, by the way. Does that affront you?” His smile taunted her.

“Not at all.” Tally surprised him. “Shakespeare quite blatantly plagiarized everything he could get his hands on, ancient or modern. Of course his reworking was so much nobler than the originals that they are forgotten, while his works live on.”

“A bluestocking?” mused the manager, smiling into her eyes. “Surely not, with that enchanting face and figure!”

Dorinda moved in to break up the tête-à-tête. “Vandy’s right. The Bucks, with their catcalls, and the stupid Cits, with their cries for quiet, nearly wrecked the second act between ’em! Have you some way of preventing that?”

“I believe I may have,” replied Tally earnestly. “If you will let me explain?”

“Say on, Fair Cicerone!” invited Vandeleur with a wicked twinkle.

Tally marshaled her ideas. “Your main problem is with the young men of fashion in your audience. They are offended by a way of speaking which is not like theirs. But you are actors,” she hurried to add, as their faces darkened at this slur upon their accent. “You can play any role well—with proper coaching, can you not?” she challenged them.

“Who’s to coach us—you?” sneered Dorinda.

“Yes,” said Tally firmly. “Some of you—Mr. Vandeleur as the Rakehell, Miss Dorinda as the Heroine, and Mr. Hamner as the Squire, have already the upperclass accent required for the parts they play. The others could, with just a few rehearsals, acquire such an elegant mode of speech as would raise no comment from the highest stickler among the Beaus and Bucks.” She paused, estimating the suddenly thoughtful expressions upon the faces of most of her audience. Hamner looked at Vandeleur.

“The girl may have hit upon the reason for our poor reception. Shall we try it?”

“One reason,” interjected Tally.

“There is more wrong with our performance?” challenged Dorinda, but she was less belligerent since Tally had praised her own accent.

“Not with your performance, no. You were all charming, spirited, and amusing. But the play itself—the lines—contain many awkward grammatical constructions, which I am convinced,” she said, dimpling at the manager, “did not come from the original—source. Naturally the young sprigs of nobility, from Oxford or Cambridge, will catch you up on it. It gives them a chance to get their own back for the years their tutors scolded them.”

“Girl’s right,” an older woman, handsome and stately enough to be a duchess, spoke up. “Let her help us, Vandy. We could use her kind of coaching.”

Serious now, the manager stared thoughtfully at Tally’s lovely, flowerlike face. “You listened pretty carefully, did you?”

“Yes. And I watched. The costumes do neither you nor the play justice—”

“Now she says we need new costumes,” grumbled Dorinda. “Do you think we are made of money?”

“I can sew them up for you,” offered Tally eagerly. “I make all my own clothes.”

A dozen pairs of eyes scrutinized her modish and superbly fitting gown. The actresses drew closer, even Dorinda evidencing increased interest. They were like children at a treat.

Vandeleur, noting the change in attitude, smiled a little grimly. It appeared he had acquired, willy-nilly, a new coach, tutor, costumer—and, if he wasn’t careful—a manager for his troupe of Thespians. Shrugging, he joined the eager group around Tally.





Chapter 16



Philip and Drogo had returned to London in high anticipation of a quick and successful conclusion to Philip’s search. Jocelyn Temple, very frail indeed, but obviously happy with his clerical friend, had even dredged up the name of Cloris Blackstone from his somewhat unreliable memory. “I am sure that was where Tally intended to go,” he announced brightly. “Something about a ball where she would meet her friend, Cloris. She spent several holidays there while she was attending Miss Enderby’s Seminary. At least I think so.” He concluded on a note of gentle doubt.

The vicar was rather more helpful. While he was at first suspicious of the bona fides of the two obvious Corinthians, he was persuaded by the wily Drogo, a shrewd campaigner, who took him aside while Philip was in conference with Temple, and confided that the girl had never turned up at the Blackstone’s, and that all her friends were seriously concerned.

“You, sir, can understand, of course,” added Drogo with the smile which had cozened a dozen keener brains than the Reverend Tobbitt’s, “that we have no wish to alarm Professor Temple. As an old friend of her family, Lord Philip wishes to assure himself of Miss Temple’s safety and comfort.”

Much moved by this evidence of Christian concern, the venerable cleric at once divulged the address of the boarding house from which Tally had written him. At the look upon Mr. Trevelyan’s face, he shuddered. “It is not—respectable?” he quavered.

“Let us say Mudge Street is not a part of London which Lord Philip, or Mr. Temple, would have chosen as a residence for Miss Thalia,” Drogo said in grim accents. “I only hope—” He paused ominously.

The Reverend Tobbitt thrust the letter at him. “Do go at once, Mr. Trevelyan!” he urged. “And please be sure to let me know what you—that is, when you find Miss Temple. I shall protect Jocelyn’s peace of mind in the meantime.”

“Well done, sir,” acknowledged Drogo, pleased with his success. If Philip actually discovered that Tally was not with her friend, Cloris, it would be time to share with him the letter Tally had sent.

In London again, they called upon Mrs. Blackstone. She was of two minds about receiving the notorious Lord Philip Sandron and Mr. Drogo Trevelyan, both acknowledged Rakes, into her chaste drawing room. Her daughter Cloris was there with her, unfortunately dressed in an unbecoming sacque. Still, she thought regretfully, even a Rake could have no interest in such an unsophisticated miss as her daughter. Curiosity got the better of maternal scruples.

“Show the gentlemen in, Staton,” she decided.

A few minutes later, the haughty dame was completely won over by the properly expressed concern on the lips of Lord Philip, quite the handsomest man she had ever set eyes upon. Cloris was overwhelmed by Mr. Trevelyan, so Philip had a clear opportunity to tell the tale he had concocted—of being an old friend of the Temples, and of having just discovered, to his alarm and considerable displeasure, that the unworldly Jocelyn had permitted his daughter to come alone to London after his recent illness.

“Alone?” queried Mrs. Blackstone, wondering if her dashing guest knew about the children.

“Except for the two children,” Lord Philip said censoriously, having quickly taken the measure of the prudish dame before him. “It is typical of such an unworldly scholar,” he went on “that he would see nothing out of the way in his daughter encumbering herself with two waifs, and, of all things, bringing them to the City. It seems,” he offered with a hooded glance at the lady’s vivid expression, “that the philanthropic pair believed Miss Talia might find the children’s parents here.”

Mrs. Blackstone tittered. “In London! What a fantasy!”

“Exactly what I told him,” lied Lord Philip convincingly. “But you know these scholars! Heads in the clouds! No, for her dead mother’s sake, I must find Miss Thalia and return her to—er—one better fitted to be her protector.”

Mrs. Blackstone, thoroughly cozened, was nodding. “I told her that very thing myself, Lord Philip. But you know these silly girls!”

None better, thought Drogo, who had managed to listen to his friend’s masterly performance while entertaining Miss Cloris.

“Indeed.” The roman-nosed dame was continuing. “She left us almost at once.”

“What was her destination?” asked Lord Philip, casually.

Mrs. Blackstone colored unbecomingly. Under that bland scrutiny, she was forced to acknowledge that she had permitted her daughter’s friend to depart to an unknown destination. “I—that is—Staton may know. He assured me he had found her a respectable lodging.”

That’s a lie, decided Philip, but since he had told so many himself that afternoon, he forgave the lady.

“You quite see that I must reassure Mr. Temple?” he asked. “Perhaps if I might speak to Staton? No, ma’am, you have been more than kind, and I have taken too much of your time already!” He bent over her hand with superb grace. “Thank you for seeing Mr. Trevelyan and myself. We would never have thrust ourselves upon your privacy had our concern for Mr. Temple been less urgent.” He bowed slightly to Cloris. “I shall speak to Staton upon our way out, if I may?”

Receiving Mrs. Blackstone’s permission, and her effusive farewells, the two gentlemen made their way into the hall. Staton, who knew more about Bucks and Bloods than Mrs. Blackstone would ever learn, proved unexpectedly difficult. He rejected the offered gratuity with unruffled countenance, and was uncooperative to a degree which quite cut up his lordship’s poise. Dragged forcibly from the Blackstone residence by his friend, he turned on the latter almost before the door was shut.

“What the devil do you mean by—!”

“Take a damper, Flip,” urged Drogo, grinning. “I have the chit’s address.” He pulled Tally’s letter to the Reverend Tobbitt out of his pocket.

After scanning it quickly, Philip turned a thunderous scowl upon his soi-disant friend. “You had this—all the time? And you let me butter up that old harridan for half an hour? If we were not in plain sight of half London, I’d mill you down!”

“At least we know the girl’s defenseless,” urged Drogo. “No chance of old Hatchet-face putting up a row when you take the chit in keeping.”

Suddenly arrested, Lord Philip stared at his friend. “No,” he said slowly. “Young Thalia really hasn’t anyone to defend her, has she?”

“Should be easy game,” confirmed Drogo, not observing the glint in his lordship’s eye. “I only hope you’re first in the field. London’s no place for fledglings—especially in the neighborhood of Mudge Street.” Then, as Lord Philip mounted into the curricle and seized the reins from his tiger, the blond man was forced to leap for his place. “I say! What’s got into you? Damme, I could have broken a leg!”

Lord Philip smiled sardonically.

“—much you’d have cared!” his ruffled friend added.

“You did rather ask for rough justice, withholding that letter,” Philip advised him. “Be thankful your punishment was merely to jump into the curricle. You cravat has come untied,” he added kindly.

Muttering savagely, Mr. Trevelyan hastened to make repairs as the carriage bowled rapidly along. Lord Philip grinned and advised him to look sharp. “You will have to direct me to Mudge Street,” he announced. “I’m sure you ascertained its exact location, while I was wasting my time discovering the address of the hatchet-faced Mrs. Blackstone.”

In the event, the two gentlemen were compelled to admit defeat at the hands of Mrs. Timkin. Like Staton, she had a shrewd idea of their intentions, and was too unhappy at her own part in Tally’s continued wanderings to take a chance of adding to the girl’s problems. At first she denied in a loud voice ever hearing of any such young woman. Then, on being shown Tally’s letter, she said the girl had stayed just the one night and then left with an unidentified elderly couple. Then she slammed the door.

Standing on the narrow porch, Drogo looked at his friend with a rueful smile. “It’s plain what that dragon thinks of us. Despoilers of innocence, no less! The girl seems to have made quite a strong impression upon the old virago.”

“Where could she have gone? The little fool must know she’s laying herself open to insult or worse, running about London without proper chaperonage!”

“Just so,” agreed Drogo, too smoothly.

Philip sent him a fulminating glare. “I know what you’re implying! My own plans for the chit are not precisely those of a preux chevalier—

“I’m sure you’ll do the girl very well,” murmured his friend. “See that she has a fine wardrobe and a comfortable sum in hand when you finally give her her congé . . .”

“Shut up, damn you!” snarled Lord Philip.

Drogo concealed a smile, and turned to walk off the porch. He almost caromed into a husky young lad who was running up the steps. At once Lord Philip caught at his opportunity.

“You must be Mr. Timkin,” he said genially.

“Well, I’m one of ’em,” agreed the boy with a grin.

“We’re friends of Miss Temple’s father, come to give Miss Temple a message from him,” said his lordship solemnly. As the boy hesitated, he said with greater urgency, “It’s really quite important.”

“Well, I’m goin’ back to the theater as soon as I’ve ’ad me grub. I could take ’er the message.”

“No. quite impossible. It’s private and personal, you see. If you’ll just tell us which theater—” Lord Philip left the sentence open.

Horace Timkin regarded the two swells with mounting suspicion. He’d seen their sort—every night at the Palace, usually three sheets in the wind and tetchy as a scalded cat! These two were coming away from his house. Maybe Ma had figgered not to tell them anything.

Confirming this last surmise, the front door banged open and an irate Mrs. Timkin yelled insults at Horace’s interrogators. Defeated temporarily, the gentlemen mounted their curricle and drove down the street.

“—and I ’opes you didden’ tell ’em nothing, ’Orace!” said his mother. “For to my mind, they’re up to no good!”

Horace assured her that he had said nothing, conveniently forgetting his comment about the theater. For he ’adn’t said which one, ’ad he?





Chapter 17



By eight o’clock four days later, the Palace Theater, Jonah Vandaleur, Manager, was alight and abustle for the evening’s performance. The long queue in front of the ticket office attested to the lightning rapidity with which a bright new amusement is heralded about London. Horace Timkin, who had been promoted from horse boy to general factotum, proudly directed traffic as three younger boys took charge of the patron’s horses and carriages and led them to a mews retained by Vandaleur for the purpose.

The face of the Palace was as weatherworn and grimy as ever, but new lamps had been installed. Within the building, the floor was at least swept free of debris and the seats were dusted. More lamps here created a pleasant glow, and even the faded curtain took on a new luster.

On stage, the scenery and props already showed the mark of Tally’s impeccable taste. The actors and actresses, shuffling about nervously before their first appearance of the evening, were almost unrecognizable in the svelte, fashionable costumes fitting them as though they had been made for them—which they had. Dorinda was looking particularly luscious in rose-red velvet, which temptingly concealed her richly curved beauty. At first the leading lady had objected to the comparative restraint of the costume, declaring that it would wipe her out like a candlesnuffer. A few honest words from Vandy, together with the installation of a full-length mirror in the dressing room, had changed her opinion. She was no so reconciled to the presence of the lovely Miss Temple in the company that, as Vandy said, she sometimes even forgot to be nasty.

The juvenile lead, playing a character just down from Oxford, was mumbling over his lines in an effort to be sure of the correct, upper class pronunciation. Vandy was here, there, and everywhere, counting the full house with satisfaction, admiring the costumes, checking the props table, and running through his own lines at the same time.

A bell rang. The curtain rose. Vandeleur’s Palace Players were on stage for their Revised, all-New-Sets-and-Costumes, Hit Show: After you, Cherie! (It ought, Tally had told them, to be called After You, Sheri-dan, for it was an obvious steal from The School For Scandal.)

The first act went very well; the second, better. Instead of the former catcalling and answering shouts for silence, there was laughter and applause. It seemed to Tally, hovering in the wings, that the actors were rising to meet the waves of approbation which came up to them from the audience. All the portrayals were good, some were excellent. Dorinda had already won all masculine hearts; the juvenile lead was bringing cries of pleasure from the ladies present. Vandy, coming off stage after one of his better scenes, stopped to savor the applause which had followed his departure. He beamed at Tally.

“It must be witchcraft! Surely a few refinements of speech would not cause so great a change?”

“They can hear you now, and understand what you are saying. They understand the witty lines when you recite them, and are able to appreciate every joke.”

“To say nothing of the fair body of Dorinda in the new dress you constructed for her,” smiled Vandy. The woman was now making a particularly arch speech on stage, her lovely body suggesting, under its artful concealment, a double entendre to play against her saucy speech. The audience loved it.

“A few weeks of this, and I can pay off the bills which have been dogging the life out of me, and give you a salary commensurate to your worth,” Vandy was saying as the act ended.

“I am content at the moment to have the security of my rooms here in the building, and someone to look after the children while I am working down here,” answered Tally. For that had been the arrangement: two small rooms in the loft above the stage, furnished adequately as a bedroom and sitting room from old theatrical props; food for herself and the children, and someone to watch and entertain them while Tally was making costumes and tutoring the actors. Surely a month or so of success such as this week was bringing would result in enough money for Tally to find a decent lodging and bring her father to London?

The third act was ready to begin, so Tally moved carefully out of the way of the actors waiting in the wings. As the play ran its course, the audience became more enthusiastic. Tally began to fear some kind of disturbance, but Vandy seemed to be perfectly pleased with the way the evening was progressing. When the curtain came down for the last time, and the audience made its way out of the theater, Vandy caught the girl’s arm.

“This has been the most successful week we’ve ever had,” he told the girl. “Dorinda has suggested that we serve wine in the Green Room and invite some of the patrons who might give us some support in our new season. I think you should be with us. You have kept your nose to the grindstone too steadily of late, Miss Temple. Come now and celebrate the success which you have helped us earn!”

Tally could not refuse so charming an invitation or the wide smile which went with it. Excusing herself to check on John and Mary, and to wash her face and brush her hair, Tally made her way back down the steep stairs a few minutes later.

The so-called Green Room was simply a large room which had been furnished as a lounge for the company when they were offstage, or during the day to rehearse their lines. It was ablaze now with many lamps, and a small table had been covered with a cloth and set out with glasses and several bottles of wine. Clustered around this table were many of the company and a number of guests in brilliant costumes which rivaled those of the actors. All of these guests were male, Tally noted without much surprise. It was unlikely that any woman patrons of the theater would permit their husbands to escort them backstage to mingle with such rogues and demimondaines as actors were widely considered to be.

She was just considering slipping quietly away without the necessity of encountering any of the Bucks and Bloods around the table, when a hand was laid upon her shoulder, and a deep familiar voice sounded in her ear.

“Miss Temple! What a pleasure to see you again! I am informed by Mr. Vandeleur that you are the Guardian Angel and presiding Genius of the company!”

“Lord Sandron,” acknowledged Tally with what she hoped was a composed smile. “I am afraid Mr. Vandeleur’s kindness has quite overcome his veracity.”

“Told you she’d got a mouthful of jawbreakers,” chortled Vandy, who had obviously already been at the drinks table.

“I have just come from your father, Miss Temple,” said Lord Philip without answering the manger. “May we go somewhere quiet so I may give you information about Mr. Temple?”

“Yes, of course,” said Tally hurriedly, her eyes anxious. She led the way up to the room she used as a sitting room. “If you will keep your voice down,” she asked softly. “John and Mary are asleep in the next room”

“I see,” said his lordship, looking carefully around him. “You have created a little—home, here, Miss Temple. Are you sure it is the best thing for the children?”

“It is the best I can do at the moment,” answered Tally soberly. “Please give me the message from my father.”

“He is not as well as could be hoped,” said Lord Philip. “Mr. Tobbitt says he is very weak, and does not eat, although he presents a cheerful front. It might be that he will need further medical help in the near future. Are you prepared for that responsibility?”

Tally clasped her hands together unconsciously as she stared up into the dark, handsome features above her. “I am to receive some money next week, and every week thereafter that the show prospers,” she said. “How—how much do you think I shall need to send?”

“Nothing, this week,” replied his lordship, correctly assessing the anxiety the girl was experiencing, and not wishing to frighten her back to her father. “How much is Vandeleur going to pay you?”

“I shall ask him tomorrow. It is no use trying to get sense out of any of them tonight.”

“I should think not,” agreed her visitor. “Do you have much to do with the Company—or Mr. Vandeleur?”

“I have been coaching them n pronunciation, and making their costumes,” Tally advised him. “They give me help with John and Mary when I must be busy.”

Lord Philip allowed his gaze to move around the shabby little room. “It seems rather a poor place to bring up small children, ma’am,” he said critically. “Do you permit them to lay out-of-doors?”

“I take them for walks when I have time,” said poor Tally, feeling like a monster. “I cannot let them run loose on these streets!”

“Of course you cannot,” his lordship said soothingly. “It is just that this seems an unpleasant place for little children to grow up in.”

Tally hung her head. After a minute she said quietly, “I am doing my best, sir.”

Lord Philip thought he had the girl about where he wanted her. He debated making the final turn of the screw, then decided it might be too soon. She had courage, and spirit. In the meantime—“May I see the children, Miss Temple? I should like to assure myself of their well-being.”

This request did not seem strange to a girl of Tally’s compassionate nature. She led the way into the bedroom, holding a shielded candle to light their way. Mary, a small cherub, was curled into a little ball at one side of the single bed. John lay on his small cot with arms and legs widespread. Both the children looked beautiful in the relaxation of sleep. Even more beautiful was the impossibility that anyone else shared this tiny cupboard with Tally. Still, keeping to his role as carefully as the actors downstairs, Lord Philip frowned and shook his head.

“What—oh, what is wrong?” pleaded Tally.

“The little girl—Mary, isn’t it?—seems rather pale. It is unfortunate she cannot be in the country with your father.”

“But there is no one there to care for her! I could not ask Reverend Tobbitt or my father to take on the management of a little girl, and she would be lost without John. He is the one stable thing in her small life!”

“Too bad!” Lord Philip shook his head soberly. “Well, it is to be hoped that she will not—that is, I hope she will continue to be well.”

Being a very seasoned campaigner indeed, his lordship took his leave without further conversation, abandoning Tally to all kinds of fears—as he had intended.





Chapter 18



For the next few days, things went very well at the Palace Theater. An elated Vandy told the assembled company that he had invited the great Mr. Richard Sheridan himself to the opening night of the Revised Performance; that the noted playwright had accepted, come, and been amused.

“I made him an apology. He only laughed and said we’d given him an idea for a new play. ‘I shall call it The Critics,’ Mr. Sheridan told me,” Vandy went on, hugely pleased by the awe on the ring of faces. “ ‘I’ve a few scores to settle with amateur critics and unworthy judges of the drama,’ he went on to tell me, ‘but I intend to hit off the plagiarists as well! Let your writers be warned! I may immortalize ’em!’ ”

In high gig at this close brush with fame, the company tried even harder to do justice to their play. Crowds continued to flock nightly to enjoy the performance; money kept coming in with a satisfying jingle; the actors became more accustomed to, and therefore more skillful with their new accents.

Tally was not able to forget Lord Philip’s cryptic comments. Although she kept a jealous watch, she could not see any sign of illness in either child. Still, there was no denying that Mary was pale. John, also. Tally agonized over the fact that the children really did not get enough play outdoors. But the streets around the Palace were even less attractive than Mudge Street; she could not turn her innocents loose in such a kennel.

Mr. Vandeleur went about his business with a wide smile. His eyes sparkled every time he looked at Tally. By week’s end, the girl was sure there was something in the wind. The actors were treating her with a sort of deference which did not seem commensurate with the services she had been rendering. She often caught them looking at her, sometime smiling and whispering. Even Dorinda had become almost friendly. It crossed Tally’s mind that the company might be preparing some little treat as thanks for her work with them. At the Green Room party on Friday night Tally learned what had caused the change in behavior.

She had been reluctant to attend the wine party, feeling that she had nothing in common with either the company or their guests. In fact she found the fulsome attentions of the wealthy and titled idlers unpleasant to endure and impossible to escape. Still, Vandy had particularly requested that she look in for a few minutes at least. So, after checking the children as was her wont, she tidied herself and slipped down to the Green Room.

The first person she saw was Lord Philip Sandron. The subdued magnificence of his attire seemed to put the other men’s gaudier garments to the blush, and his dark male beauty diminished every other male in the room . . . with one exception. This was a tawny giant with a sleepy, catlike expression, who stood beside Lord Philip. The combination of the two big, fashionably dressed men, the one so dark, the other so fair, was a striking one, and every female member of the cast was present in the group around them. Being a good foot taller than the tallest of the women, Lord Philip immediately perceived Tally as she entered the room. He smiled directly at her, and said something to his companion. The blood giant drew off the ladies skillfully, leaving Lord Philip free to approach Tally with a glass full of champagne.

Tally accepted it, trying but finding it impossible to avoid the steel-bright gray eyes staring down so intently into hers.

There was a shout from Vandy. “Glasses, everyone!” he called. “Time to drink a toast to the new owner!”

During the laughing scramble which followed, Tally’s glance sought Lord Philip’s. “New owner?”

His answer was a wide, white grin and a slight lifting of his glass. Tally looked at Vandy. He was standing in front of the table, his own glass raised, smiling toward them. “Boys and girls,” he said facetiously. “I give you the new owner of the Palace Theater—Lord Philip Sandron!”

Amid laughter and cheers, the toast was honored. Tally sipped at her champagne, thoughts in a turmoil. Lord Philip had bought the building. What did that mean? Was he now her employer? Would he pay her a salary? The idea that this could be some benevolent scheme to assist her in supporting her father and the children had to be abandoned at once. Lord Philip was not a benevolent man; his attitude indicated as much. And even if he had suddenly decided to become a philanthropist, he would hardly have felt the necessity of buying a theater for the mere purpose of helping a girl and her family. No, there was probably no more to it than the whim of a wealthy, bored man looking for some new titillation of jaded interest. Or perhaps—for Tally had not been blind or deaf during the time she had worked with the company—he considered that owning the building would give him rights with the pretty ladies who were the actresses.

Tally found this thought surprisingly distasteful.

Lord Philip was responding to the toast, his few sentences witty and gracious. He outlined briefly the changes he proposed: painting the building inside and out, installing chandeliers after the French fashion, and padded seats in the orchestra, and a carpet in the lobby. And, of course, he concluded, a raise in pay for all the cast.

This speech was cheered to the echo, and then there was a new assault on the drinks table. Tally looked about for a place to put down her glass, preparatory to slipping away. A firm hand on her arm stopped her.

“Where do you think you’re going?” demanded Lord Philip.

“I’m very tired. I thought I’d retire to my room.”

“I shall go with you.”

“No!” the syllable was wrenched from Tally’s lips.

Lord Philip frowned. “Are you going to be awkward?”

The girl looked up at the dark, handsome face, so attractive in its strong planes, the gray eyes like silver tonight under their strong black brows. Her eyes lingered on the man’s mouth, and little quiver ran through her body. What did he want of her? Surely she was not to be one of the women available with his purchase? Tally knew it was time to scotch any such idea.

“Yes.” She changed her mind. “You had better come to my sitting room. There is something I must make clear to you.”

Lord Philip frowned at her. This slender girl was far from a coquette. Her invitation held none of the erotic overtones which would have been present had any other woman given him such an offer. His emotions were strangely stirred, as they seemed to be whenever he faced Tally. He followed her silently from the room; the eyes of more than one person observed their departure. Drogo Trevelyan grinned and waited with keen interest for the next development. It had occurred to him, with some amusement, that this latest little filly of Flip’s might have a few surprises in store for his hitherto all-conquering friend.

Inside the fusty little room, Tally faced her new employer. She did not ask him to be seated. “I need to have it made very clear to me,” she began, “just what my position is to be under the new management.”

Damn the girl! She wasn’t a child! Did she have to have it crudely spelled out? Lord Philip considered her warily. “Your position, as you call it, is whatever I happen to need of you at any particular time.”

Tally gasped at the crudity of that. However, lest she be reading into his words something he did not intend, she pursued the subject. “What are you likely to need?” she persisted. “Tell me, if you please.”

His lordship was disconcerted. The girl was not behaving according to his expectations. She was neither coy nor cowering. The huge eyes were steady on his, the pale face serious and intent. He shrugged. “I shan’t need you to paint the building, or sew new costumes, if that’s what you wish to know.” I sound like a sullen boy! he thought.

“It isn’t,” said this most unnatural female.

Driven, his lordship found himself temporizing. “I may wish to consult you about the next play to be performed when this one has lost its popularity.”

“Oh! That kind of work!” The girl’s anxious look lightened. Her smile held the sweetness he had remembered, the beguiling, mischievous twinkle which had promised so much. Suddenly Lord Philip found himself angry. It seemed necessary to punish this maddening, obtuse, disappointing female.

“What have you done to yourself and John and Mary? You are the merest ghost of the lovely girl I met on the road to London! And the children are pale and drawn. Your position here in London is quite ineligible. You are selfish—foolish beyond permission—to have dragged John and Mary with you into this situation which exposes you to the attentions of any man who wishes to insult you! What would your father think if he knew what you are doing? Working with the scaff and raff of the stage—not even first-class actors!—in some wretched warehouse. I will not permit this situation to continue any longer!”

“What do you intend to do, Lord Philip?” Gone was the lovely smile. Big eyes stared up from a pallid face.

“I am sending a coach for you tomorrow at noon. I expect you to be packed and ready to leave London with the children.”

“Where—where will we be going?”

It seemed to Tally at first that Lord Philip did not intend to answer her. His inexplicable, unjust attack had daunted her momentarily, but now there was a small fame of reciprocal anger burning in her breast, and she began to have thoughts of defying this arrogant lordling.

“You will be taken to Sandron Place. . . .”

“Where, I suppose your sister will be waiting for us?” The rising anger in the girl forced out those provocative words like a challenge.

Lord Philip’s face became white and set. “No, she will not! I shall be there, and I shall see that you and the children are properly fed and given exercise and fresh air to bring you all back to health. Then we shall see what work I have for you! No, do not seek to argue with me, Thalia. There is nothing more for you to do here. I have this instant removed you from the staff of the Palace Theater. You are to come with me to Sandron Place tomorrow. That is all you need to know at the moment.”

He strode out of the room, closing the door behind him so sharply that Mary heard the slam and whimpered in her sleep. Between anger at this lack of consideration and fear for her future and that of the children, Tally spent a most uncomfortable night.





In the morning, while she was still washing and dressing John and Mary, someone called up to her that a gentleman was wishful to see Miss Tally Temple. It was still only eight o’clock, four hours before the deadline his lordship had set, and Tally’s breast swelled with rage. She had been thinking of slipping away somewhere with the children, and this too-apt, early-morning arrival smacked of his lordship’s arrogant surveillance. Tally ran down the stairs to the Green Room.

“You are very far out in your calculations—!” she began, and then halted in pleased surprise. “Mr. Kendale!” she breathed.

The puzzled look upon his face gave way to the familiar teasing smile. “Why, Tally, here’s heat! What unfortunate fellow was about to receive the blast of your temper, I wonder? Aren’t you glad to see me?”

“Of course I am!” laughed the girl. “You don’t know how glad! You have come in the nick of time. How did you find me?”

He eyed her quizzically. “I arrived in London a few days ago on business, and last night decided to visit a play before I returned to Crofton. And what name should I see upon the playbill as assistant manager, but Miss Thalia Temple! I could not believe it could be so, but I returned this morning to make inquiries. Now you must tell me, what is the daughter of Jocelyn temple doing in this dubious entourage?”

“It is such a long story, and not very interesting—quite boring, in fact. So tell me instead how everyone is at home. I am particularly interested in Charlotte and Maude! Are they well and happy? Have they a new governess? Do they like her?”

Laughing, Kendale held up one hand. “So many questions! I only hope I can remember them all.”

“Just tell me about the girls. I am truly eager to hear of them. I was unhappy to leave them, you know.”

Kendale nodded, his eyes fixed upon the girl’s face. She was thinner than he remembered, pale, but this only seemed to make her beauty more vulnerable to him. Fair game? Rapidly he estimated her situation. She had been making her way alone in London for weeks, for of course the old simpleton had been no help to her. The fact that she had found employment with a company of players was a guarantee that she had lost her virtue. Kendale didn’t really regret that he had not been the man to take her virginity. He preferred experience and some knowledge in his sexual partners to the coyness and hesitation of ignorance. He moved closer and took her hand.

“Little Tally! Pretty Tally!” he said in a coaxing, intimate tone. He pulled her close to him and lifted her chin until her face was tipped up to his. Kissing her lightly, he went on, “I am supposed to leave London today, but I could easily be persuaded to linger until tomorrow if I might be sure of a long, cozy visit with you.” He smiled, holding her gaze warmly. “Would your duties here allow you to spend the day with me at my hotel? And also, perhaps, the night?”

Kendale was correct in one detail. Tally had learned a great deal since he saw the Temples off from Minford Village at the beginning of her journey to London. She had caught and reluctantly understood the lustful light in James Kendale’s eyes, the purring seductiveness in his tone. Were men all alike? she wondered with a sense of despair. Surely her father had not had this devouring need to possess, to use any woman who attracted him? And little solemn John, would he grow up to be just such a lustful, selfish creature as James Kendale and—and others she had met? Tally shuddered. Then the anger which had filled her as she ran down the stairs to confront her visitor suddenly spread its warming energy through her. Use her, would he? Take advantage of her desperate position? Well, Mr. James Kendale might have something to learn about taking advantage. Tally donned her brightest sweet smile, the one which had attracted and finally captivated Lord Philip.

“Oh, Mr. Kendale!” she breathed, through moistly parted lips. (Not for nothing had she observed Dorinda in action!) “Could we really spend some time together? But I must not keep you from your obligations in Crofton! Surely Miss Frampten awaits your return most eagerly?”

Kendale’s eyes brightened and his nostrils flared with the excitement of the hunt. Delicious little creature, she was jealous of Mary Frampten! “Of course I have time for you, you absurd little woman! Can you come with me at once? It would be a shame to waste another minute of—uh—our opportunity.”

The delicious creature was smiling enchantingly. “What I’d really like to do is have a drive—a long drive—in the country with you. Can you wait until I get ready to go out? Just a very few moments, I promise you! There is ale on that table, and the latest popular scandals in the news-sheets over there to entertain you.”

Mightily pleased with himself and his easy conquest, Kendale strolled over to the table, served himself ale in a rather smudged glass, and picked up one of the flimsy news-sheets which sought to titillate London’s reading public.

Tally ran lightly up the stairs to collect John and Mary. Putting their few extra garments into the one open portmanteau, she closed and strapped it. “Now, my dears,” she instructed the children. “There is a very kind gentleman below stairs who is going to give us all a ride in his carriage into the country. We shall not be coming back here. I wish you to be very good and quiet, and help Tally today. Will you do so?”

“I’ll be good, Tally,” said John soberly, and Mary chimed her little echo, “Good!”

So it was that the astounded Mr. Kendale beheld not one acquiescent young female but a party of three, complete with two large portmanteaus, approaching him a few moments later. He considered himself to be a man of the world, but this tour de main was so unexpected that he stared and hurried into speech.

“What is this? Are you planning to go somewhere? I am leaving the hotel today . . . you did not intend to move in there, did you? And who the devil are these children?”

“Good,” Mary assured him with her wide, guileless smile.

Tally was very much mistress of the situation. “I am so happy to accept your wonderful invitation, Mr. Kendale! It has come almost as the answer to prayer! You are returning to Crofton, while John and Mary and I were supposed to rejoin my father at Upton Downs—quite on your way! Riding in your carriage with you will be so much pleasanter than a public stagecoach! Are you using Mrs. Dade’s carriage?”

Kendale had had time to make a recovery, but he was smarting at the disastrous reversal of the situation. Instead of a lovely armful to amuse him for the day and possibly all night, he had apparently been lumbered with the obligation of driving Tally to some absurdly named village with a brace of brats riding bodkin between them. It was hardly to be endured! The devil was in it. He could think of no way to cry off without inviting the scorn of the lovely girl who was glowing so softly with pleasure beside him. Feeling that he had somehow been duped, he found himself carrying Tally’s luggage out to the Dade carriage, directing Tom Coachman to stow it in the boot, and assisting the two little urchins into its gloomy interior.

He noticed that Tally had paused to speak to a hulking lout of a boy at the front of the theater.

“I am going back home, Horace,” the girl said quietly. “Please give your mother my warmest thanks for her kindness, and tell her I shall keep her informed of Mary’s progress.”

“Yer goin’ away, Miss?” blurted Horace. “Wott’ll I tell Mr. Vandy?”

“He will understand, I think,” said Tally. At least I left him better off than I found him, she thought. “Tell him I enjoyed working with the company, and wish them every success. And if a very toplofty nobleman by the name of Sandron calls to see me at noon today, you may tell him that I have taken the children into the country, as he suggested!”

With which announcement she ran lightly to the waiting carriage, and accepted the hand of the disgruntled-looking gentleman who waited to hand her in. The carriage jolted and lurched down the street. Horace watched it out of sight.





Chapter 19



Lord Philip Sandron arrived in front of the Palace Theater at twelve o’clock sharp in his best carriage. It was driven by Ballard, the most competent of his coachmen, and mounted on the box beside Ballard was Abbent. The latter descended at once to assist with the luggage of the little doxy the master was picking up. Both Abbent and Ballard had discussed this new start of their master’s at length. Why should he wish to take some actress to his ancestral home? And two small children? Were they his lordship’s? If so, how was it that not a single one of his lordship’s servants had had any inkling of their existence? Both men were agog to behold the little light-skirt who had so besotted his lordship, till now a man who had a proper feeling for the correct place of women in a man’s life.

Lord Philip was filled with a sense of urgency and excited anticipation which quite surprised him. He was deriving an unexpected amount of pleasure from the thought of the long, leisurely drive down into Devon, stopping for the nights at delightful small inns where he would arrange most deftly that Tally would share his bedroom. He did not even mind the presence of John and Mary. He knew they were quiet children, and would not cause him any trouble. They would also serve as hostages to guarantee Tally’s docility! In fact, he told himself with a wicked grin, it would be like being the father of a family—without any of the cares or troubles normally involved in that position!

A heavyset youth ran to open the carriage door, and tried to speak to his lordship. Lord Philip brushed him aside, striding smartly through the opened front doors of the theater. The persistent youth followed him.

Two minutes later there was a roar of rage which even Ballard and Abbent could hear.

“You are telling me she has gone? And the children with her? Who was the man?”

Four eyebrows lifted as one, as the coachman and groom stared at one another with dismay. Run off on him, had she? There’d be the devil to pay—and they, being present, would receive the brunt of the master’s wrath, sure as check!

When Lord Philip stormed out of the theater a few minutes later, however, he said nothing to them except to tell them to take the road to Exeter—fast! He did not even wait for the boy to slam the door, but pulled it closed himself with a fine, loud crack. Grinning reluctantly, Ballard whipped up the horses.

Within the luxuriously comfortable carriage, his lordship seethed with fury. Cheat him, would she! He’d see that! By God, he’d make her smart for this morning’s work! The young lout had not had the name of Tally’s cavalier, but he did say they’d left about nineish in a great lumbering old coach which looked more like a hearse. Philip consulted his watch. Three hours start, and his own carriage, though massive, was drawn by a team of four lively prads. He’d back his horses against any four in England—had done so successfully on more than one occasion, in fact—so it should be no problem to overtake a mediocre pair. But which way?

Knowing Tally as he was now coming to do, his lordship decided she was on her way to join her father, and spent a few minutes wondering what story she had spun the dupe in the hearse to get him to carry her home. I wonder if the silly gudgeon has any idea that Miss Temple is merely using him? His lordship thought with sardonic amusement. The thought comforted him more than the alternative, that Tally had conceived a tendresse for some slimy Cit or flourishing Macaroni, and was off to live a life of sin in the country. His eyelids narrowed to slits and a white line framed his lips at that picture. He forced himself to settle back against the comfortable squabs and endure the hours which must pass before he caught up with his recalcitrant little love. Once he had done so, it was out of the hearse and into his own carriage, stop at the nearest inn, fob off the children on Abbent, and then—and then, Tally Temple, there would be a reckoning!

Bemused at the fantasies his mind conjectured up at this point, Lord Philip drifted into a warmly satisfying daydream.





In the event, his lordship did not overtake his prey before his victim reached Upton Downs. For this unforgivable failure Ballard and Abbent were not to blame. A runaway phaeton in the temporary charge of an hysterical female came out of a side road and launched itself upon his lordship’s carriage so unexpectedly that even Tommy Onslow, that peer among Whips, could not have escaped the collision. Ballard performed well, and the carriage ended up in a shallow ditch with no real injury or loss of life. Lord Philip was down into the road in a trice, and was pulling the shrieking female out of her overturned phaeton. Since he slapped her face quite hard, she might have been excused for continuing to scream. Instead she gulped and said very calmly, “They ran away on me,” before dissolving into floods of tears.

“Well of course they did, you silly widgeon,” was his lordship’s not very comforting reply. “Whose are they?”

“My brother’s,” acknowledged the girl. “He told me I couldn’t begin to handle them—”

“So of course you immediately proved him correct,” gritted Lord Philip, conscious of the danger in delaying his pursuit.

Before he could do the interfering female the injury she so richly deserved, there was a sharp tattoo of hooves upon the side road, and a smartish bay shot into sight, ridden by a slender youth. Pulling up beside the overturned phaeton, he leaped down and confronted the weeping girl. “I told you!” he raged. “By heaven, Lydia, if you’ve injured my horse—!”

“Your horse is in good hands now,” said his lordship. In fact, Abbent was at its head, having unbuckled the harness and led the limping, quivering beast to the side of the road. “We shall have to right your phaeton and pull it over before I can proceed. My servants will help you.”

Recalled to his duty, the young man said all that was proper and, giving his sister a glare which promised full retribution at a later time, he assisted Ballard and Abbent to remove the phaeton from the middle of the road. Next, his lordship’s carriage had to be carefully inspected and brought back into the highway. This took longer than expected, and even his lordship and the youth were forced to join in the exercise before his lordship’s mettlesome team could be soothed into a frame of mind which would allow of cooperation. During all this, the cause of the trouble sat on a grassy bank near the road, weeping silently but copiously.

“Does she always—?” probed the now fascinated Lord Philip.

“Invariably,” agreed the youth gloomily.

“You have my sympathy, sir,” said Lord Philip, bidding them both goodbye with obvious relief.

Because of this mischance, his lordship’s carriage did not overtake the Dade coach before it reached the village of Upton Downs. Lord Philip was not too alarmed, since he was certain he knew his lady’s destination, and, moreover, had no doubt whatever of his ability to get his own way with the girl when he found her. He had never felt such a surge of conscious power and pleasurable anticipation in his approach to any of the numerous females he had made his own. Somehow young Tally stimulated him in ways he found new and exciting. There was, in fact, a very militant sparkle in his fine gray eyes when his carriage drew up behind a paltry-looking coach in front of the Jolly Dog in Upton Downs.

There was no one within the vehicle, as a lightning glance revealed. Striding into the building, Lord Philip glared around with all the fire of a conquering hero. A cheerful-looking man approached and bowed low.

“I am Sandron,” announced his lordship. “I am to meet Mr. Temple and his daughter here today. They are coming to be guests at Sandron Place. Please inform them I am here.”

“Yes, Milord,” said the host. “Miss Temple is in the parlor, having a bite to eat. Will your lordship join her?”

“By God, I will,” said Lord Philip, carried away by hubris.

His entrance upon the scene in the parlor had, indeed, all the panache and power common to one moved by wanton arrogance and passion. The man seated beside Tally seemed to Lord Philip to be a mere smatterer, no challenge, unworthy of even an insult. He ignored the fellow and went directly to the girl. As the children stared, open-mouthed, Lord Philip advanced upon Tally, pulled her to her feet, and kissed her hard upon the mouth.

Since she had been eating raspberries, he found the kiss unexpectedly tasty. He reeled with the sharp jolt of pleasure he was experiencing. “We must try this often, perhaps with different fruits,” murmured his lordship against the soft, sweet flavorful mouth.

After her first shock of surprise, Tally’s next response to his lordship’s audacious action had been delighted reciprocation. It took his impudent comment to bring her to her senses. Somehow forgetting to remove her person from his grasp, she yet said, with a coolness which Miss Enderby would have applauded, “You presume, Milord! We shall not be—be . . .” Unfortunately, she was not able to sustain her hauteur in the face of the glowing warmth and transcendent male virility of the man who was holding her so closely to him, staring down at her with ardent eyes. The wretch was very well aware of the effect he was having upon her, as his triumphant smile clearly demonstrated.

“ ‘We shall not be—be . . .’ what, my dear girl?” he quoted her mockingly. “Trying other fruits? Because I can assure you we shall be kissing one another with monotonous regularity for the next fifty years.”

“But I can’t—you don’t—my father—” stammered Tally, hoping madly to be convinced of the truth of his splendid statement.

“You can, and I intend to, and your father will enjoy living at Sandron Place very much indeed. I have a library of forty thousand volumes.”

“In that case, I have no choice but to accept your proposition,” breathed Tally. “What was it, by the way?”

“What do you think it was, you little idiot?” snapped Philip lovingly. He was still riding the crest of his triumphant masculinity, and knew in that crystal moment that this adorable, exasperating little female would hold him all his life with her honesty, her fire, and her sweetness. “You are going to make sure of me by marrying me, of course. I could not guarantee to be faithful to you for fifty years under any lesser form of restraint.”

“Then I had better marry you as soon as possible,” agreed Tally blissfully. “If we hurry, there are still peaches, pears, and blackberries to be enjoyed this year.”

“To say nothing of apples, my little Eve,” grinned her besotted lover, and kissed her again, lingeringly. “Are you ready to come with me?”

“Oh!—We shall have to collect my father from the Vicarage,” Tally gathered her wits enough to inform him.

“It is as good as done,” answered Lord Philip largely.

“And I should like to be sure John and Mary had a good home—” her eyes lifted speculatively to meet his smiling gaze.

“I shall adopt them,” said his lordship.

Tally peeped naughtily through her incredible eyelashes. “I would wish to invite Charlotte and Maude Dade to visit us at Sandron Place.” She chuckled at his lifted eyebrows. “You see I must make my demands while I have you in this most accommodating mood,” she explained, dimpling at him.

“Wretch!” said his lordship in a maudlin voice. “What about jewels, furs, gowns? . . .”

“What about them?” murmured Tally, her eyes on his beautiful mouth.

“Don’t you want anything for yourself?” cried her exasperated swain.

“Another kiss?” suggested Tally in a voice as maudlin as his.

With a groan of complete capitulation, that confirmed bachelor gave it to her. “I know this is starting a dangerous precedent,” he managed to say at last, “but I find I cannot deny you anything, my dear, my very dear! Tally, you are my own true love?”

“Yes,” said Tally Temple.





THE REFORMED RAKE



Sequel to A Delicate Situation



Elizabeth Chater





Table of Contents The Reformed Rake

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19





Chapter 1



Lord Philip Sandron was finding it harder to get Miss Thalia Temple into his bed than he had expected. Driven to desperation, he had finally astounded himself by telling that beautiful and thoroughly frustrating young female that he was going to marry her! He had announced it, in fact, in the presence of three witnesses, albeit not such as might be expected to hold him to it, being two children and one unimportant opportunist who was serving, at the moment of Milord’s shattering announcement, as a courier for Lord Sandron’s difficult little love.

If any of his wide acquaintance—his best friend, Mr. Drogo Trevelyan, for instance—had heard him telling Miss Temple that she was going to “make sure of him by marrying him,” the aforesaid Mr. Trevelyan would not have believed his own ears. For the speaker of those self-dooming lines was that notorious rakehell, that top-o’-the-trees Corinthian, that out-and-outer, Philip, Lord Sandron, Baron Sandroval and Estes, a wily buck who had avoided the parson’s mousetrap so adroitly for ten years that even the most determined of matchmaking mamas had long relinquished hope of snaring him, while the more conservative parents never permitted their ewe lambs to be caught in his dangerous vicinity.

Yet now, to his appalled astonishment, he heard himself saying that the tantalizing little creature who had successfully fended him off for months would have to marry him, since he could not guarantee to be faithful to her for fifty years under any lesser form of restraint! . . .

It says much about Milord’s besotted state that he had felt, in that catastrophic moment no tremor of horror, not even the faintest reluctance, at the prospect of entering into a condition of servitude which would have him giving up all his normal pursuits and, in effect, changing the whole pattern of his life. As it happened, he was drunk upon such a sense of wanton passion and arrogant desire to possess this delightful, dazzling, difficult beauty that he had refused to consider anything but the luminous brown eyes, the tiny straight nose, the full, soft lips which tempted yet denied him. At that moment the world seemed well lost for love.

And so he swept her off her feet, both literally and metaphorically, and bullied her into agreeing to come with him that very day. And then—

And then it transpired that her father, Professor Temple, would have to be picked up from his haven with his clerical friend, the Reverend Tobbitt. The addition of a guardian-chaperon in the person of an elderly, absentminded scholar did not unduly depress Lord Philip; the old fellow could be counted upon to lose himself in the fine library at Sandron Place for days at a time. In the full flood of hubris, Milord told his difficult little love that it was as good as done. Then the little witch, shrewdly pressing her advantage, asked that John and Mary, the two waifs she had saved from bondage, might be provided for at Sandron Place. Again no shadow of common sense warned the infatuated baron of his danger. He even agreed to invite two little girls, whose governess Tally had briefly been, to visit her in her new home. To complete his capitulation, when Lord Philip urged her to demand something for herself, Tally had asked for—a kiss! At which point, of only temporarily, Lord Philip became Miss Tally Temple’s slave.

Oddly enough, the feeling of joy and gratitude had persisted even when, at the vicarage, Milord came face-to-face with Tally’s Papa. The silver-haired scholar, he found, had a strangely penetrating glance for one reputed to be completely unworldly. After Tally had performed the introductions, and the vicar was bustling over the sherry glasses, Lord Philip said firmly:

“I shall be taking Miss Temple and her two little charges with me this afternoon, sir. We shall send over a carriage for you within a day or so, when the arrangements for our marriage are completed.”

Professor Temple accepted a glass of sherry from his host. “The Reverend Tobbitt will announce the banns,” the gentle voice sounded. “Three weeks, isn’t it, my friend?”

“Three times,” concurred the cleric, beaming impartially upon the handsome buck, the beautiful young woman, the blue-eyed little John and Mary, and his scholarly houseguest. “And I shall be delighted to assist the happy project in any way I am able!” Scanning his guests’ faces, the Reverend Tobbitt was struck by a sudden idea. “But of course! You must all stay here with me until the great day! Not you, of course, Milord.” He smiled at the disconcerted nobleman. “You will wish to return to Sandron Place to set all in train for your new bride! But this is a big old house, empty—alas!—too long of the joyous hubble-bubble of guests. Here Miss Thalia may find leisure to prepare her trousseau, as the French have it, and make her plans for the ceremony. I do hope,” he added anxiously, catching the inimical glance of Milord’s ice-gray eyes, “I have not presumed too far!”

“But who could fault your excellent suggestion?” wondered Jocelyn Temple, mild-voiced. “It is undoubtedly the perfect solution, Ethelred. I accept with gratitude.” His unexpectedly challenging glance at Milord was robbed of all aggression by his gentle smile as he continued. “This will suit you very well, will it not, Lord Philip?”

You old devil, seethed Lord Philip. That’s checkmated me neatly! And then, meeting that clear, knowledgeable gaze, Milord was forced to grin wryly. Who would have thought the elderly scholar had so much nous? No chance for hocus-pocus with the little Temple! Lord Philip caught himself up. He had asked the girl to marry him! Not even the severest parent could object to that. He returned Mr. Temple’s open scrutiny with one equally honest, thinking the while that old habits died hard. Because this time—for the first time in his life—Lord Philip intended to make an honest woman of his latest fancy.

And so, instead of bearing off the adorable Tally in his carriage, Lord Philip found himself returning to Sandron Place alone, with only the memory of a sweetly chaste kiss, taken under the eyes of her father, the vicar, and two small children, to comfort him. And he began to wonder just what he had let himself in for.





During the next three weeks he was too busy to indulge himself in the doubts and fears which might have been expected of a confirmed bachelor about to abandon his freedom. For one thing, he had to post off to London to arrange the marriage settlements. It rather amused the cynical wordling that his fiancée and her papa were too naïve to insist upon the kind of terms he would have had to agree to with the father of any of the season’s beauties. In fact, so much did the unworldly innocence amuse Milord that he instructed his lawyers to make a settlement upon his bride that had their eyebrows lifting almost off their foreheads. He also chose a ring to celebrate the engagement, and a wedding band to match it, and then went browsing among his family jewels to find a suitable gift. Strangely enough, it was a rather modest little bijou that had belonged to his paternal grandmother which caught his interest. His father’s mother had been something of an embarrassment to the noble family because of her romantic tendencies. She’d insisted upon wearing, in season and out of season, the first gift her husband had ever given her. Since Lord Harold had been but eighteen years old at the time, the gem was a simple one—a pink tourmaline in the shape of a heart, set in white gold. Trumpery, actually, but something about the little pink jewel reminded Lord Philip of Tally’s soft mouth. He put it in his pocket along with Harold’s wedding band for Tally to give him.

The hardest part of the three-week wait was to endure the comments, questions, and open raillery of his acquaintances. No one had heard of Miss Talia Temple or her father, with the exception of Drogo Trevelyan, of course. To Philip’s considerable surprise, Drogo had nothing to say in company, and very little in private, about the marriage. Upon occasion, Philip caught his best friend looking rather searchingly at him, but his remarks were in better taste and his questions less demanding than Philip had expected.

His worst moment came from a childhood friend, Lady Mala Ridd. She was a notable figure in the ton, not quite a diamond, and certainly not a debutante, for she was Philip’s own age, and been out for a number of years. She had received a few good offers, but from some cause or other, had accepted none of them. Her mama enjoyed frail health and her papa was a noted sportsman and dedicated womanizer. There was no one to dictate behavior to Lady Mala. Which did not prevent her from attempting to dictate to her acquaintances.

“What is this folly I hear of you, Sandron?” she challenged Philip in his own library, where he was preparing some papers for scrutiny by his man of law.

“Do sit down, Mala,” Philip murmured, not best pleased to see her at this moment.

With the ease of long acquaintance, Mala ignored his rather waspish welcome and perched herself on the arm of a handsome chair. She did it deliberately, to exploit the length of her legs, as Philip was quite aware. “I hear from several sources that you have been trapped by a country nobody—a governess, in fact. I cannot believe it, Flip!”

“Believe it,” Philip advised coldly.

Her incredulous laughter grated harshly upon sensibilities already exacerbated. Philip glared at his childhood friend, remembering numerous occasions upon which she had embarrassed, bored, or enraged him with her demanding presence. “If you have come to congratulate me, consider it done. I am quite busy at the moment,” he said none too graciously.

“Arranging the marriage settlements?” Mala sneered.

“I shall have to speak to Grummidge,” vowed Philip in a cold rage.

“Oh, your man of law didn’t squeak,” she assured him. “Lotty Belfont was driving past Lincoln’s Inn and saw you emerging from the offices there with a glum face.” She laughed again. “Lotty has a tendre for you, of course, as have most of our group. I can’t quite see why you have to seek outside our own class for a bride.” She stared at him speculatively. “Is the woman blackmailing you?”

For the first time during the conversation, Lord Philip smiled. It was a smile Mala had never seen upon his face before, and the warmth and sweetness of it on those normally well-controlled features shocked her more than the announcement had.

“Oh, yes, I believe you may safely say she is blackmailing me—the little witch!” he murmured so softly that Lady Mala could scarcely hear him.

Fear and a jealous anger gripped her so fiercely that for a moment she was unable to speak. Then she said with a shallow smile, “When am I to know the name of this nonpareille?”

“You mean to say that Lotty so far failed you? You must find yourself a more worthy intelligencer!” mocked Lord Philip.

“I know the woman’s name,” Lady Mala admitted. “But who has ever heard of a Thalia Temple?”

“Quite a few, by now, I would wager,” retorted Lord Philip, grinning. He seemed restored to his usual handsome imperturbability. “What with Lotty opening her budget, and couriers like yourself spreading the word . . .” His smile mocked her.

Lady Mala rose. “I had intended offering to help you for old times’ sake,” she snapped. “If you have been stupid enough to get yourself caught in some provincial nobody’s net, I had expected you would welcome assistance from a woman of the world.”

“But then you have never managed to . . . ah . . . net yourself a parti, have you?’ Lord Philip challenged nastily. “Perhaps you should take lessons from her?” He was annoyed at her taunt of stupidity and recalled a number of similarly insensitive comments she had made in public. It struck him sharply that Tally had not, in his hearing, ever unburdened herself of denigrating evaluations of anyone. That was not Tally’s way, he thought with a grin. Decisive, yes (remembering the blow which had toppled his modish hat on their first meeting). But there had been good humor in Tally’s set-down, and panache. His unconscious smile was warm.

The sight of it on his handsome face quite destroyed Lady Mala’s poise. She whirled and strode toward the door, her lips set tight against the torrent of abuse she wanted to scream out at him. Still, her determined campaign, so long pursued, had trained her to be circumspect. Not for her to voice the spite and anger boiling within her, lest she lose her slight hold upon this maddening, desirable male. By the time she had the door open, she was once more the coolly controlled woman her associates knew—and some of them feared.

“I’ll leave you to your fantasies, then, shall I, Flip? If ever—or should I say when—the bubble bursts, I shall be waiting with champagne. To celebrate your return to freedom, I mean.”

She closed the door softly behind her.

Lord Philip shrugged and returned to his work.





The marriage itself was celebrated very quietly in the ancient Norman church in Upton Downs. The Reverend Ethelred Tobbitt performed the ceremony; Jocelyn Temple, distinguished in scholarly black and white, gave his daughter away. Charlotte and Maude Dade were Tally’s attendants, shepherding a pleased but bewildered little Mary down the aisle with them. All three children wore springlike gowns of Tally’s manufacturing. Six-year-old John, serious and manly in a suit provided by Lord Philip, carried the two wedding rings upon a velvet cushion. Drogo Trevelyan seconded his friend. His gaze, as that of most of the guests, was held by the quite remarkable beauty and sweetness of the bride. Then, stepping to one side as Tally joined her fiance at the altar, Drogo caught a glimpse of his best friend’s face, and looked again. He had never seen exactly that expression of besotted satisfaction upon Flip’s countenance, not even after one of their evenings at a quietly elegant and very discreet house in a cul-de-sac off Regent’s Park. Drogo scrutinized both the participants in this strange and unexpected match with keen, tawny eyes. Predator’s eyes. He had never disguised from Flip that he would try, if he desired the same female his friend was stalking, to cut him out. It was an acknowledged and basically friendly rivalry—or had been. Drogo recalled the uncharacteristic testiness of Flip’s reception of a certain rather blue remark Drogo had made anent the wedding, and the white, set look upon his friend’s face as he’d said, in response to a question from Drogo about the girl: “She is beautiful, and sweet, and an innocent. . . .”

And now Flip was marrying the girl. Who was beautiful and sweet without doubt. But an innocent? Could an innocent have succeeded in trapping Lord Philip Sandron, when so many wily, experienced, and fascinating women had failed? Drogo decided to investigate the possibilities of the situation. If his friend had indeed been tricked into this marriage . . . Drogo subjected the two little children Tally had been lumbered with when Philip met her to a searching scrutiny. Were they Philip’s? That would explain the hold the girl had on him.

He was forced to relinquish the idea. Tally had been most properly chaperoned and guarded at Miss Enderby’s Select Seminary, and then had spent too little time before meeting Flip to have met a ravisher and conceived one, let alone two, children. The boy must be five or six, a sturdy, well-built little fellow, and Tally was not yet twenty. And then there were the bright blue eyes both children had, and the similar short Grecian noses, quite unlike Philip’s strong aquiline proboscis! No, these were none of Flip’s get, handsome though they undoubtedly were and not of mean birth. All signs pointed to the sort of charitable mawkishness to be expected of a scholar’s unworldly child, rather than the wiles of a seductress.

Then if she were truly the innocent Flip had named her, it was most unlikely that the noted Corinthian would be content with her for long. Especially since she had somehow maneuvered him into offering her a ring. Patience, Drogo advised himself. Flip will weary of her soon enough, and resent her hold over him. And then, Tally, it will be Trevelyan’s turn! He scanned the rest of the guests.

The little Dade girls, Charlotte and Maude, had come under the auspices of their mother, the wife of Squire Henry Dade, and her brother, James Kendale, now advantageously affianced to the only child of Lord Frampten. Against the gently dubious advice of Jocelyn Temple, Tally had insisted that the small girls she had so briefly but rewardingly tutored should share in her happy day. Mrs. Dade was secretly much impressed by the luster of the marriage her former governess by the luster of the marriage her former governess had managed to pull off. How had she trapped such a prize? She sat very erect beside a rather sullen James Kendale and watched the principals in this amazing ceremony with beady, envious eyes. Still, it could do her daughters nothing but good to be associated thus publicly with the future wife of the Baron Sandroval and Estes. How she was going to enjoy describing this event to Lady Black, her bosom enemy!

The two principals in the ceremony were completely unaware of the disturbing cross currents which swept around them. Tally did not even see Lady Mala Ridd and her overbearing and quite disapproving parents. While they had no hesitation in attending the nuptials, they had even less in describing them as “unsuitable,” or even, in the ear of special cronies, as “disastrous.” Only Mala schooled her tongue, biding her time. Besides the principals, the children, Professor Temple, and the Reverend Tobbitt, the tiny church held the innkeeper Hedges and his good wife, Dr. Neville, and Miss Boniface, all of whom had helped the Temples in their flight from the Dades. At the rear of the church, Abbent kept surveillance over his master’s nuptials.

Tally herself was in a daze of happiness. The hazards of her estate had not yet been brought home to her, and her eyes and heart were filled with the virile male beauty of that noted member of the tone, Lord Philip Sandron. There was ample excuse for Tally’s dazzled delight. Tall, of noble yet graceful bearing, crowned with a neat cap of shining black hair over features too masculine to be named beautiful. Philip’s magnificence seemed to fill the little church. Tally never afterward remembered anything but the loving demand in those fine gray eyes, the deep huskiness of the voice which repeated the simple phrases after a smiling cleric.

As for his lordship, his own eyes were filled with the ardent sweetness of that lovely little face, and the warmth of promise in the huge brown eyes. For a single shining moment—indeed, for the first time in his life—Philip Sandron’s heart and mind were swept up by the power of a completely new emotion—a desire to serve one small female and protect her from whatever hazards life might offer. It did not occur to the experienced young worldling that the emotion might be love.

Even when the knot was tied and the congratulatory speeches were finally concluded and the flower petals scattered by a very determined and weeping Charlotte Dade, even then his lordship was compelled to endure the lengthy trip in his superb carriage with a team of four matched bays. Philip stared at his bride, adorably garbed in the most demurely provocative of traveling costumes. Meeting her tender smile, he took her in his arms with surprising gentleness.

“It is fortunate that Sandron Place is only a few hours distant,” he murmured against those soft pink lips which had obsessed his imagination so constantly during the last three weeks.

“Yes,” Tally said with a sigh, putting one slender white hand against her husband’s cheek.

Again, as it happened when he’d kissed her at the inn, a sharp jolt of pleasure shot through his lordship’s body. What was there about the girl that she should affect him so greatly, physically? He caught the hand and brought it to his lips. He noticed his grandmother Katherine’s tourmaline heart upon her little finger. And kissed it. Then, trying for a recovery to his usual provocative masculinity, he teased, “What a little romantic you are, Tally my love! Just like my grandmama, who persisted in wearing this ring, in season and out, her whole life long!”

“She obviously adored your grandfather,” Tally said quietly. “As I do you.”

Philip caught his breath, a gasp of unexpected pleasure. “You do, Tally my love? You . . .” He could not say the words.

Tally said them for him, in a solemn little voice. “I adore you, Philip.”

Her husband took her into his arms. Even at this supreme moment, his training and customary behavior held him from making a final commitment, in words, of his own deep feelings. But he told himself, with unaccustomed emotion, that he would protect this little innocent even against himself.





Chapter 2



Tally awakened in the huge four-poster bed and looked about her. Philip’s arm lay across her body just below her breasts, effectively securing her on her back beside him. His head was turned toward her, face partly buried in the pillow, black hair ruffled. With a delicious thrill Tally remembered the feel of those dark strands like silk beneath her fingers, and the wanton brush of it against her breasts. Her eyes traced the beloved, arrogant features, lingering longest upon the beautiful, sensual mouth. It was true: Tally Temple Sandron adored this man who had made her his own so skillfully, so expertly, so satisfyingly, during the night just past.

Her gaze lingered on the broad shoulders and wide, muscled chest which loomed above her slight body. Dark hair matted Philip’s chest in tiny curls. They were irresistible. Tally stretched out a gentle hand and tweaked the curls.

Almost before she could draw breath, Philip was awake and upon her, pinning her to the bed with his body, his gray eyes glinting with laughter.

“There is a forfeit for that sort of behavior, Lady Sandron.” He grinned at her stunned surprise.

“I had no idea anyone could move so fast! I thought you were asleep!”Tally gasped.

Her husband gave a shout of laughter, kissed her soundly, and then fell back upon the mattress, drawing her body up to rest on top of his. “That will teach you to beware of teasing your lord and master, Madame Wife,” he said, enjoying her surprise with smug complacence. His hands, slipping smoothly over her charming curves, so obviously relished their license that Tally was compelled to laugh softly in her throat.

Milord assessed her happy face. “That small gurgle of laughter quite suits you,” he said approvingly. “You must do it often.”

“Then you must give me frequent cause for it,” instructed Tally, kissing the tip of his patrician nose.

His grip hardened around her, pressing her softness closer to his hard virility. “Oh, I’ll give you cause, wife,” he muttered huskily against her lips.

And did so.





Later, dressed in a charming pale green bergére costume that set off her pretty figure distractingly, Lady Sandron accompanied her new husband on a tour of the gardens. Since there were two gazebos, an arbor, and a pergola, all most luxuriantly draped with sweet flowering vines, it seemed necessary to Lord Philip that he introduce his new wife personally to the delights of each. Thus, more time was spent embracing within the fragrant shade than strolling about the extensive gardens. However, neither seemed to find anything disappointing in the exercise, Milord going so far as to remark that they must take the tour again the following day. After, of course, a good night’s rest. This was said with such a wicked gleam of amusement that Tally was overcome with love, and gave her tormentor a kiss which quite silenced his teasing.

After a delicious interlude, Tally pushed herself gently away from Milord’s manly chest. “I have not told you yet how grateful I am,” she began in a low sweet voice.

Philip grinned. “I somehow managed to gather it, from your . . . ah . . . response,” he teased her. “Last night and just now,” he explained with a wide, wolfish smile.

Blushing adorably, Tally yet persevered in her determination to express her gratitude. “I did not mean . . . about our lovemaking,” she said calmly enough. “That is something quite apart from the mere giving and accepting of thanks.”

Philip cocked his dark, shining head as he carefully scrutinized the lovely features of his wife. “I would like you to tell me exactly what you mean by that statement, Milady,” he encouraged.

Tally was not to be turned aside from her purpose. “You have established my father in a delightful suite just above the library, with its own little staircase, down to the treasures below. You make him welcome in your home and at your table—”

Lord Philip interrupted, a flag of color in each cheek. “My dear Tally, your father is an honored member of my household. Let me hear no more of this mawkish . . .” Words seemed to fail him.

Tally laughed softly. “I know it embarrasses you to be thanked for anything! You are the soul of generosity and kindness! Papa is in his glory. As are John and Mary, with that warm-hearted martinet of a Scots governess. She handles them superbly, and already they adore her.”

Philip nodded. “She tells me that they have been carefully raised, and complimented me upon your excellent training of them. When I explained that you had bought them at a posting house, she was not at all scandalized. Merely commented that it was fortunate for the children to have been brought into a suitable household. She seems to believe that they were gently bred.”

“That idea had frequently crossed my mind,” Tally said. “For one thing, their accent is impeccable. And their manners show that they were accustomed to cultured behavior. I wonder . . .” And her wide brown eyes became so vague with inner consideration.

Lord Philip caught her closer to him. “No, Milady, I shall not permit you to take your attention away from me and squander it upon a pair of brats! What, married twenty-four hours and already bored with your husband? I shall not permit it!”

Tally smiled tenderly up into his dark, ardent countenance. He was a dozen years her senior, but at times like this she felt herself to be by far the more mature of the two. How she loved him, this strong, virile, commanding male she had married! How passionately she yearned to make him happy! She rose on tiptoe and pressed her soft moth against his hard, demanding lips, pulling his head down toward her with urgent hands.

Curiously moved by her intensity, Philip responded wholeheartedly, his body shaken with a strange tremor he had never before experienced. When he lifted his face from hers, there was a puzzled look in his narrowed gray eyes.

“You are a witch!” he murmured, more excited by the embrace than he cared to acknowledge. “I shall have to take you to our apartments and try to exorcise you!”

Tally gave the soft gurgle of laughter he so enjoyed. “Are you quite sure that is the way to be free of my spells?” she teased.

Lord Philip groaned against her mouth. “Who wants to be free?”





Chapter 3



Lord and Lady Philip Sandron were late down to dinner in the magnificent dining hall that evening. The chef, who was a romantic from Paris, did not indulge in the tantrum that Tippet, the butler, had anticipated.

“C’est la vie en rose,” Henri exclaimed soulfully, putting his superb casserole back in the oven. “Ze moment I see madame la baronne, I knew ze time of eating would be delayed!” He kissed his fingers rapturously. “Comme madame est belle!”

Later, seated in the glow of a hundred candles, Milord toasted his lady with the finest wine his cellars could produce. They were lingering over one of Henri’s inspired pâtisseries, and Philip eyed his love with a twinkle.

“You will really have to control your appetite, my love,” he teased. “It is not necessary to flatter my chef by such wholehearted appreciation of his skill!”

Tally licked the last of the whipped cream from her spoon. “I do not know what your school was like, Philip, but at Miss Enderby’s, mille-feuilles and coronets, soufflés au chocolat and nougat à la fraçaise were definitely not on the menu! Do you think I might have just one more? . . .” She cast a covetous eye on the silver tray of pastries.

“No, my little pig, you may not,” her husband said firmly. “As it is, I must prescribe another, longer and more . . . ah . . . active tour of the arbors for tomorrow. And now—to bed?”

In the event, however the tour was not possible. A guest arrived immediately after luncheon, while Lord Philip was briefly engaged with his estate agent, a dourly competent man called McPherson. Tally, dressed today in a pink silk which did amazing things for her golden hair and delicate complexion, was idling away the moments in a pleasant daydream, when Tippet, Milord’s butler, announced the visitor.

“The Lady Mala Ridd.”

Tally looked up and met the cold, assessing stare of a very beautiful woman with a fluff of red curls under her ultramodish chip hat. Hard blue eyes fixed Tally’s smiling countenance, at once giving the alarm. She has come prepared to hate me, thought Tally, and the, reluctantly, and to do me ill if she is able!

She rose and stepped toward the visitor with gentle dignity. “I bid you welcome, Lady Mala.”

The woman laughed. “I think I should be doing that to you, Lady Sandron,” she said with a glinting smile, “since I have been at home in this house since Flip and I were children together! I’ll wager I know every room in it better than you do!”

There was no mistaking her meaning, or her attitude. It was war to the knife, Tally understood. Yet she did not feel either the alarm or the jealousy this formidable opponent obviously was expecting. Instead, she smiled and said gently, “Won’t you sit down? Have you eaten luncheon? We are just finished—”

“Oh, I know it’s an early call—quite out of the proper mode!—but since I am such an old friend of Flip’s, I shall not stand upon ceremony.” She smiled tauntingly. “If you remain married to Lord Philip, you will undoubtedly meet a great many of his . . . old friends.” And she smiled again, thinly.

Tally surprised her. The clear laugh Lord Philip had come to love rang out in the quiet drawing room. “But what a truly delightful prospect!” Tally grinned. “Are all Philip’s old flirts as formidable as yourself, Milady?”

It was hard to tell whether it was the laughter, so carefree and confident, or the naughty little dig, shocking from such softly tender lips, that startled the older woman more. She frowned involuntarily, taking a closer look at the beautiful little face with its sparkling brown eyes. For just an instant she could not believe that she had heard aright, and that the provincial governess she had come to flatten and destroy could actually have mouthed such a sly, tremendous set-down. And then, meeting the bright, intelligent gaze of the girl before her, Lady Mala drew a steadying breath. This was not as simple as it had appeared!

Before she had time to respond with a riposte of her own, the young upstart was pulling the brocaded bell-rope by the fireplace. “You must sit down, Lady Mala, and rest! Tippet shall bring you a cup of tea. I know my father always finds a cup of tea restorative.”

But the Lady Mala had had enough of preliminary thrust and jostle. The little governess was proving herself to be no weakling, no gullible victim to be overwhelmed by an icy glance or a sharp challenge. She settled herself more comfortably in her chair and prepared to bring up her heavy guns. She was determined to rout the interloper, to cut up her peace so completely that she would be easy to dislodge. No use to wait for Philip to tire of her, as Mama had advised. That might take weeks—even months, from the besotted look on Flip’s face during the wedding! Of course, it was all some odd sort of new perversion, fashionable among jaded males on the kick for new enticements. To marry out of one’s class seemed to Mala to be a very dangerous ploy, even for a man of Lord Philip’s sound birth and great fortune. But one of the dukes had done so, and it was possible a few others would follow the lead.

So, to work! She smiled at the toy bride, and said in a creditable tone of pity, “I am afraid, my poor girl, that it was a mistake to marry a rake. You know you cannot ever hope to reform him!”

The sparkle in Tally’s fine brown eyes would have warned any female less self-centered than Mala Ridd. “Reform him?” She gave Mala the smile that had captivated Lord Philip. “Who would wish to reform him?”

It is to be reported that the Lady Mala’s mouth fell open. “You mean you wish your new husband to continue as a . . . a . . .”

Tally’s laugh was golden and carefree.

“Milady, Philip is the most gorgeous man I have ever known,” she said happily. “Of course I must face the fact that foolish women will always sigh over him, and run after him, and cast sheeps’ eyes at him. . . .” She paused and noted with satisfaction the flush of anger which surged under the heavy maquillage upon Lady Mala’s countenance. Tally had just opened her mouth to add to her outrageous, if left-handed, attack upon the mature beauty when a well-loved voice spoke at her ear.

“You embarrass me, wife,” said Lord Philip, placing his arm about her shoulders and depositing a hard, warm kiss upon her mouth before releasing her to make his bow to Lady Mala. “How are you, Mala? Are your parents going on well in the unusually hot weather?”

“Mama and Papa are their usual straitlaced selves.” Mala pouted her flawless lips. “They utterly refused to join me today in my courtesy call, saying the newly wedded pair would not welcome the intrusion of society! But it has been days! . . .” Her finely painted eyes flashed mockery of such uxorious indulgence.

Before he could answer, Tally picked up the gauntlet.

“Days? Has it?” She looked so suspiciously angelic that Philip put his arm around her again and pressed warningly. Unheeding, Tally continued, “It seems to me to have been weeks!” Chuckling at the two shocked countenances before her, Tally explained, “When one is pursued day and night by the loving importunities of a besotted spouse—”

“Thalia,” Lord Philip said firmly, “that will be quite enough of that!”

Tally’s delightful gurgle of laughter brought an instant lightening of the frown that had begun to gather upon Milord’s forehead. His expression softened and almost against his will he bent and placed another kiss, soft this time and delicate as a butterfly, upon her smiling lips.

“Witch!” he whispered, and then straightened up to address himself to the entertainment of their visitor.

Lady Mala Ridd was looking anything but complacent as she glared at the love-struck duo before her. Why hadn’t she listened to Mama? Or even to Papa, who had told her to stay away from the newly married pair until they had had time to become bored with one another. Mala had thought she knew Philip Sandron better than Papa did. She was very much aware of the rakehell life Flip lived in London. Still, Mama had never forbidden him entrée to either their estate or the London house, since she and his mama were bosom-bows. Mama had warned her daughter that the rascal was not a marrying man and that a close relationship with her childhood playmate might diminish Mala’s chances of making a suitable match.

But Mala had had her eye upon Philip Sandron for a long time. She had resolved to be the one who led him, finally to the altar in triumph; but if he evaded her, and never did decide to marry to fulfill his obligation to his name, she would be his special friend. She was determined upon that. Under the fashionable facade of well-bred arrogance and restraint, there seethed a hunger to possess and to dominate this virile male creature. In pursuance of this campaign, Mala had been constant in her social attentions without being demanding. She had kept silent at home about his more notorious starts. She accepted his offhand invitations whenever he proferred them. And now this! Out of nowhere, a wretched nobody had slipped in and trapped the fickle peer as easily as though he were a raw recruit instead of a seasoned campaigner. She glared at Tally. What did the chit have? Mala knew herself to be more conventionally beautiful than this little upstart, and surely a thousand times more suitable to be a peer’s wife. Was it the girl’s youth and freshness which had caught Flip’s roving eye?

Lady Mala became aware that both pairs of eyes were resting on her face. She was probably staring open-mouthed, so greatly had she been disconcerted by the picture of connubial bliss Philip was presenting. Lady Mala closed her mouth with a snap.

“I must leave you now.” She managed to bring her voice under control. “My parents will of course be expecting you to dinner, when the . . . first madness of the honeymoon has subsided,” she concluded with a taunting smile.

“Your disappointment is showing,” gibed Milord unforgivably.

“Please thank Lady Ridd for her gracious invitation,” Tally said quickly. “We shall be happy—at a later time—”

But Mala had not waited to hear the soothing speech her adversary had offered. She slammed the door behind her, much to Tippet’s dismay.

Lord Philip laughed.

“Do you think you can handle the bitch?” he asked.

“I shall certainly not seek her out,” Tally answered quietly. “Did she—that is, were her hopes . . .” she faltered before the sharp mockery in Lord Philip’s gaze.

“Yes, she did want to marry me—but the desire was completely one-sided. I should never lumber myself with such a poisonous viper! The trouble is, our mothers are very good friends, and the Ridds have been busy at matchmaking since I was down from Oxford.”

“Let us go out into your beautiful gardens, Philip,” urged Tally softly. “You promised me another tour, you know.”

“Anything to get rid of the bitter taste of our visitor,” Philip agreed. He took her arm, but the pure magic of the day before had been a little tarnished by the intrusion of the Lady Mala.

Still, the lovely gardens worked their immemorial magic, and in the pleasure of showing Tally the newly established grape arbor, Lord Philip’s cynical mood was happily dissipated. Tally watched his enthusiasm with a tender smile; it always moved her to discover the boyish facets of her husband’s complex personality.

“You may have forgotten the device by which you finally bewitched me,” he eased her, catching her close to his chest, “but I have not! When I kissed you at the inn at Upton Downs, you had artfully prepared the kiss by munching on fresh raspberries! Delicious!” For all his lighthearted manner, Philip’s eyes darkened with passion.

Tally smiled up at him. “You mean to say, sirrah, that you most rudely interrupted me at my luncheon! How could I have known you would follow me so assiduously—or that you liked raspberries?”

Philip kissed her hard, but kept his voice light. “Of course you knew I would follow you to the ends of the earth, if need be! You had set your heart on having me.”

Tally put her arms around the strong brown column of his throat and drew his lips down toward hers. If he needed the reassurance of her love and need for him, he should have it. “Of course I knew you would follow! Why else knock your exceedingly modish topper in the mud when first we met?”

He pulled her closer, slaking his hunger in the soft, moist sweetness of her lips. Finally he lifted his head. “Do you love me, Tally?”

“I love you,” the girl said simply. Then, reading the faint disappointment in his searching glance, she said bravely, “It was the second most fortunate day of my life, that day I used your chapeau so harshly and fixed your attention.”

“Only the second?” Behind his smiling mockery there lurked a deeper need.

“The most fortunate day, of course, was the day you married me,” Tally admitted, with the smile which seemed to his lordship to melt the very marrow in his bones.

He pulled himself together. What, Philip Sandron losing his head over a woman, and she his wife! What would his worldly friends make of that! He turned her resolutely toward the trellised walls of the arbor, on which a splendid display of vines was burgeoning. “When these grapes are ripe, we shall repair to this arbor and test their sweetness upon each other’s lips,” he vowed and kissed her again with masterful possessiveness.

As they came out of the charming retreat a little later, Tally regarded her new husband,

“You really are superb, Milord,” she said, her dimpled smile much in evidence.

Her lord, flushed and breathing deeply, raised an enquiring eyebrow as he guided her back toward the mansion.

“Why do you say that, Tally?” he wanted to know.

“You have embraced me in four different bowers since we came to Sandron Place, and never once repeated yourself. You must be the most gifted and creative lover in England!”

More pleased than he wished to admit, even to himself, Philip sought to make a modest disclaimer. “I expect you may be right. I really had not given it much consideration.”

Tally chuckled, and purposely misunderstood him. “You mean it all comes naturally to you? Without artifice? Even Ovid, I am sure, would be compelled to own you his master in the Arts of Love!” she said naughtily.

Her lord’s eyebrows rose. “How came you to know—” he began and then recollected the classical training of his beloved. “Oh, your father! I was surprised momentarily that such a respectable and distinguished school as Miss Enderby’s Select Seminary would have Ovid upon its bookshelves. But the noted scholar Jocelyn Temple would probably see no harm in your perusing the pages of that noted poet and man-about-Rome. Did you enjoy the work?”

Tally twinkled back at his disapproving countenance. “I think the poet would have felt himself perfectly at home in London’s beau monde. He was just such a cynical, disillusioned mocker as—as some of the gentlemen I have met,” she concluded artlessly.

“Indeed!” said her husband in a voice of thunder. “By that am I to conclude that you refer to myself?”

Tally burst into laughter at this. When she could speak: “I was thinking of your bosom-bow, Drogo Trevelyan.”

Philip frowned heavily, then his own expression softened into mirth. “Little witch! Never dare to call man’s best friend his ‘bosom bow’! That term is for females only. And as for Drogo, he is really not—” He paused, firmed his lips, and then smiled ruefully. “I suppose he is rather a cynic,” Philip admitted. “But then London is such a perfect school for cynicism!”

“Then I am glad we do not live there,” confided Tally, putting her arm under his and smiling up lovingly into the dark face.

Philip caught it close to his body. It shook him to realize the strength of his feeling for his new wife. She was a woman of many parts, and he admitted he was enjoying the discoveries each day and each night brought him. Surprisingly, some of these discoveries were not of a physical nature. There was a keen, bright mind under that soft shining hair, and a challenging, spritely wit which kept him on his toes. He could not remember ever feeling so alert, so excitingly on his mettle as both man and lover, before. Tally stimulated him, fascinated him, sometimes startled him with her ideas and her views on subjects he had not expected a woman would know or care about. Even speak about! Such as sex.

At this moment Lord Philip realized that although he was familiar with the act of love, it had acquired in the days since his marriage a number of new dimensions and quite remarkable new intensities. He gazed down at the mischievous golden creature on his arm.

“You surprise me anew every day,” he said, his voice deepening into passion. “Is there no end to your infinite variety?”





One morning soon after this moment of revelation, Tally came down to breakfast to find John and Mary in close converse with Lord Philip. The children were often invited to share breakfast or lunch with the newlyweds; Milord did not seem to mind at all the attendance of the nursery party upon his less formal meals. John was speaking earnestly to his host as little Mary did her customary neat job upon the food provided. Tally’s heart warmed in her breast at the sight of the happy, well-mannered nicely dressed children. How good Sandron was to include the waifs in his life in this generous way! She only hoped she might present him someday with some small replicas of his splendid self!

Milord glanced up and caught her eyes, warm and loving, upon him. A boyish smile of pleasure softened the serious expression on his face, and he rose to hold her chair for her.

When the morning greetings had been exchanged, Lord Philip said seriously, “John and I have a little surprise for you, my dear.”

Mary looked from one to the other with wide, deep blue eyes, and echoed, “Dear!” in her small, sweet voice.

“What is it?” prodded Tally, fittingly agog.

“You must wait,” Lord Philip decreed, and John, bright blue eyes sparkling, nodded importantly.

No one lingered over the meal, and as soon as it was over the four moved out to the stables. Here Tally was astounded to see John thrown up onto the back of a small mare and led by a stable boy out to the nearest paddock. Once inside, with his audience disposed along the painted rail fence to observe his prowess, John put the mare through her paces so competently that Tally caught her breath in admiration. She turned her shining eyes to her husband.

“How long? . . .”

“I’ve been working with him for a few days, and Bateson has schooled him, too. Bateson swears he’s a natural. Thinks he might even have ridden before!”

When the boy had dismounted and received their congratulations, the party strolled back to the house, where the children were taken up to their governess. Tally frowned at Philip.

“Could he have ridden before, do you think? Would that creature Baggs have taught them?”

Lord Philip shook his head. “I think we must put such refinements past the wretch who tried to sell you the children,” he decided. “Did he tell you nothing of where he had had them?”

“He only said their mother was ‘long gone,’ and offered them to me for two guineas. Then, later, when you encountered us at the inn a couple of days after, Mr. Baggs had just appeared again, demanding his blood money. I have never been able to discover the name of their parents, but I am sure they are gently bred, for their ways are courteous and their manners correct.”

“Obviously no thanks to Baggs,” his lordship agreed. “I think I shall set some enquiries in train. Perhaps Bow Street can inform us if two little ones have been lost from their home. The runners might even track down Baggs.” This was said hopefully, for Philip knew how much Tally loved the children, but the girl herself held out little hope that the children’s true parentage could be determined at this late date.

“Has the boy said anything to you about his parents or his home?” asked Philip.

“No. He seems to close up when I question him,” Tally said sadly. “It must have been a dreadful shock to John, whatever it was that separated him from his rightful place.”

Philip considered the problem. “Well, I shall continue to work with him on his riding—he is really a splendid pupil! Seems born to the saddle. A fearless rider and a naturally good seat. He will do us credit yet.”

Jocelyn Temple met them as they entered the house. His thin scholar’s face was flushed with eagerness, and his eyes sparkled.

“Philip!” he greeted them. “I have made a tremendous discovery!”

“What is it?” asked his son-in-law, who brushed along very comfortably with the elderly scholar.

“A volume of such rarity that it has been considered to be lost these many years! If you will come to the library, I shall show it to you at once.”

Philip laughed as he raised one eyebrow at his wife. “Shall we permit ourselves to be trapped in Jocelyn’s net, my dear? I will wager we shan’t get out of the room before dinner!”

Jocelyn smiled back over his shoulder. “You may have a sure thing thee, Philip. When one jewel is found, many more may well be hiding! We really should begin a proper cataloging of your holdings, Milord. I am not satisfied just to skim through as I have been doing.”

Tally interposed gently. “Let me assist you, Father. I am somewhat at home among books—at least enough to handle them correctly.”

Lord Philip considered this. “I am not sure I shall be able to spare you for long periods every day,” he objected.

Tally chuckled. “I promise to do the work only at such times as you may be closeted with your bailiff or your butler—”

“Or with my man of law,” Philip said gloomily. “I had a note from him yesterday that my presence in London is needed, to sign an important document. Or some such nonsense.”

Tally’s expression changed from happy to disappointed so suddenly that Milord grinned. “Don’t tell me you’ll miss me, wife? I would have supposed you would be rejoicing at the chance to be free of me for a few days!”

He watched her expressive little face as she digested this last announcement. “A few . . . Oh, Philip, must you? When we are so—so happy here at Sandron Place! Could he not bring the document?”

In spite of her father’s presence, Philip caught her close to him and kissed her gently. “You are such a satisfactory little wife, Tally,” he said softly as he let her go.

Jocelyn was regarding them both with a tolerant grin. “Her mother was just such a charmer,” he said, beaming at his beautiful daughter. “You’re a fortunate man, Sandron.”

“She shall come with me to London,” Philip decided. “I am sure there will be dozens of items she will find she cannot live without, which can only be purchased in the Metropolis.”

Tally, hugging her delight that Philip wished her to accompany him, merely nodded and beamed at the two men who loved her. If, somewhere deep in her consciousness, there lurked a tiny discomfort, she effused to acknowledge it. Still, the source of it was there, in Philip’s half-indulgent, half-cynical smile. She wondered if her husband was remembering her reply when he had asked her if she did not want anything for herself. Her reply then had been “a kiss.” Firmly she resolved that their jaunt to London would not deteriorate into an extravagant, greedy spree. Her dear husband had much to learn about her—and himself. Tally squared her shoulders. If no one else would teach him, she must do so herself.





Chapter 4



That very afternoon a groom was dispatched to London to warn Milord’s butler that his master would be bringing his new wife to the palatial townhouse within the next day or so. Lord Philip was a high stickler, and all three of his homes were kept fully staffed and ready for his arrival at any hour; but the first visit of the new Lady Sandron was, of course, a notable occasion.

Dunstan made no effort to disguise his disapproval of the match. As the chief of Milord’s staff, he was very conscious of his own importance. Added to this was the fact that he had served Sandron since before the present baron’s birth. He had not admired Lady Agnes, Lord Philip’s mother—in fact, very few persons had liked her, including her husband—but she had been a duke’s daughter and had brought an enormous fortune into the family. Lord Percival, Philip’s father, had been a close friend to Lord Ridd, sharing his interests in hunting, gaming, and pursuing birds of paradise. These activities were regarded by Dunstan with great tolerance, since they were acceptable behavior for a peer of the realm.

But the new Lady Sandron was a horse of another color. Not quite quality, apparently, and as poor as a church mouse. Dunstan’s heavy features set into lines of disgust as he thought of a former governess attempting to grace Milord’s London mansion.

“We shall be fortunate indeed if she does not shame us before the whole ton,” he growled to Milord’s London chef.

Pierre shrugged. “At least he may spend some time chez lui,” he suggested with a Gallic shrug. “It is for me not at all interéssant, you would say boring, never to cater for a brilliant soiree. One hopes the new wife will desire to entertain.”

Dunstan only shook his head grimly.

There was one person in London who awaited the arrival of the new Lady Sandron eagerly. This was Philip’s great-aunt, sister to that Lady Katherine who had cherished the heart-shaped tourmaline. Miss Megan O’More had never married, but she was even more of a romantic than her sister had been. She lived in a tiny, well-kept little house in a quiet if unfashionable square, with a devoted housekeeper and small staff of servants supplied by her great-nephew, and followed all the doings of the family with fascinated interest. Since her upstairs maid was the daughter of Milord’s housekeeper, she was kept au courant of everything that happened in Milord’s household. The news of the new bride had quickened her interest and warmed her sentimental heart. She resolved to wait upon the new bride as soon as possible, for she feared, from some of the comments relayed by the upstairs maid, that the new Lady Sandron might need some help.

All unsuspecting of the furor her arrival was creating, Tally accompanied her husband to London with the happiest of expectations. He was a charming traveling companion, being most concerned for her comfort and entertainment. During the trip, which required two days in a well-sprung carriage, Lord Philip insisted upon several stops for refreshment, reserved the best suite in a fine inn for the night, and even provided several amusing games for his wife to play. Tally smiled at him fondly.

“It is plain to see, Milord, that you are very well skilled in squiring a lady! You have turned this normally exhausting journey into a delight.”

Philip accepted her praise with a faintly complacent smile. “I am glad you are pleased, Milady.” He picked up her hand, which was holding several prettily painted cards, and kissed it lightly.

“In fact,” continued his lady, “you do it so very well that one suspects a great deal of practice!”

Philip grinned. “Practice makes perfect,” he reminded her. “And speaking of that . . .” He gave her such a charming leer that Tally dissolved into laughter. “You know the stakes; I am winning!”

“You are confident, sirrah!” she teased.

“With justification,” boasted her lord. “I have looed you twice already.”

“But I have pam.” Tally smiled. “Which means I win this round.” At his crestfallen air, she relented. “Does it matter which of us wins? The stakes are equally enjoyable for us both!”

Philip threw back his head in a shout of laughter. He had never met so sweetly ardent a woman! There was about her nothing of the oppressive narrow-mindedness of society’s high sticklers; yet her openly admitted affection for him had none of the lewdness and greedy sensuality he had met in his mistresses. She was, Philip thought in a high flight uncharacteristic of his usual cynicism, a veritable young goddess of love, an Eve before the fall. Heedless of the cards, he caught her softly rounded body to him and pressed his lips on hers. He could hardly bear to wait to get her home and into the privacy of his bedchamber.

In the event, quite a group of persons assembled to welcome the newly wedded pair to London. Drogo Trevelyan arrived with a magnum of champagne and a large bouquet of pink roses. Lady Ridd and Mala drove up in a new barouche, and finally a small, elderly coach disgorged Lord Philip’s great-aunt Megan. When the latter beheld the Ridds, she silently congratulated herself for attending the welcome party. She was well aware of Mala’s desire to be Lady Sandron, and of her mama’s frustration in seeing Lord Philip snatched, as it were, from under their very noses by an outsider.

Miss O’More went to sit beside Drogo, for whom she had always had a partiality. They had hardly settled themselves when a sudden commotion at the entrance to the mansion heralded the arrival of Lord Philip and his bride. There was an almost unbearable wait while the servants made their courtesy to the new mistress. The eavesdroppers heard Dunstan’s pompous tones informing his master that a number of guests awaited to welcome him in the blue drawing room.

There was a marked silence.

Drogo snorted with laughter. “Flip is appalled at the news! It strikes me none of us should have intruded at this moment!”

Lady Ridd pursed her lips. “As Lady Agnes’s closest friend, I feel it my duty to welcome her only son’s bride to their home!” she said sharply.

“And as Philip’s great-aunt, added Megan with a twinkle, “I feel it my duty to advise you all that this visit must be brief.”

“Wisest of my aunts!” Lord Philip spoke from the doorway. All eyes flashed to the couple standing framed within the double opening. “They were worthy of inspection. Although they had obviously just completed a journey of many miles, the two beautiful beings presented so striking and radiant a picture that everyone—even Lady Ridd—was forced into involuntary homage. Drogo drew a sharp breath as his predator’s eyes took in the sweetly rounded, tempting figure, the cap of soft golden curls, and the exquisite, lively beauty of Tally’s face. Mala’s eyes were hungry on Lord Philip’s virile countenance and magnificent figure. And Miss O’More was beginning to smile at the warm and loving glance her new grand-niece was exchanging with that rascal, Philip.

In fact, Megan O’More was first to speak. Rising from her chair, she stepped lightly toward the newcomers. “My heartiest congratulations, Philip! It’s clear you’ve done the best bit of business of your life and landed a treasure!” And she took as much of Tally as she could reach into her warmly welcoming arms.

Tally felt the love and support implied by that enthusiastic greeting and responded to it with equal warmth. Hugging the tiny old lady, she bent and kissed her gently on one soft cheek.

“Tally, this is my great-aunt Megan, sister to that romantic Lady Katherine whose jewel you honor me by wearing.” He raised her hand and kissed the ring lightly.

Miss O’More stepped aside to allow Lady Ridd access to the newlyweds. This lady prosed on rather boringly for several minutes to Tally, while Lady Mala made use of the time by buttonholding the reluctant Lord Philip for a private conversation on the excitements currently being offered in London.

“Three days!” she was heard to wail. “But you can’t go back to rusticate so quickly. Flip! Why, tomorrow night, the Duke of Austell is entertaining, and you know he will wish to welcome you. And the next night Lady Dorchester has a ridotto—”

“And on Friday,” Lady Ridd interrupted stridently, “we are holding a reception to introduce your—your wife to the ton. I know it is quickly thought of, but you gave society so little warning, Philip! What your dear mama would have said! . . .” She sighed mournfully. “No, do not attempt to argue your way out of it, my dear boy. You must realize that the ton will immediately suspect that something very queer is going on if you come to town and then refuse to be seen with your new wife!”

This remark silenced everyone, even Miss O’More, for a moment. Then Lord Philip, who had had no desire to share his lovely little wife with anyone, much less a parcel of gabblemongers whose malicious curiosity he had no wish to satisfy, looked at Lady Ridd with a frigid glare.

“Of course I intend introducing Lady Sandron to the ton—but in my own good time! I am still upon my honeymoon,” he said shortly. “I wish nothing haphazard or makeshift when my wife is presented to society.”

Even the insensitive Ridds were momentarily disconcerted by the cold hauteur of his manner, but it was not long before Lady Ridd moved ponderously back to the attack. “But you are not prepared to undertake such an important affair upon a moment’s notice, my dear Philip, and would not wish anything shabby, I am sure! As soon as I learned of your intention of coming to town, I set matters in train—”

“Just how did you learn that I was to come to town?” demanded Philip, giving Mala a suspicious look.

Lady Ridd took the challenge in stride. “Oh, servants are forever gossiping, you know. I suppose my abigail had it from one of your maids several days ago. I returned to London at once to prepare.”

“Strange,” commented his lordship grimly, “for I myself did not hear from Grummidge until three days ago. I must check my staff at Sandron Place for loose tongues and . . . intelligencers.”

Even Drogo was startled by the venom in Milord’s remark, and Lady Ridd appeared, for the first time that afternoon, a little less than sure of her ground.

Tally intervened quietly. “If Lady Ridd would be willing to limit her guests to those particularly close to you, Milord, in family or friendship”—she smiled beguilingly up at her thunderously scowling husband—“surely a select group to welcome us to London would be perfectly acceptable?”

Milord was not placated. He seemed rather to feel that his lady had gone over to the enemy and betrayed him into a social activity which he knew in advance would be boring and quite without redeeming elements.

“I do not choose to make any splash whatever in the ton until I return officially to London. This is a business jaunt, no more.”

“Then I am surprised you brought your wife with you to deal with it!” snapped Mala unwisely.

Lord Philip favored her with his most cynical grin. “Surprised, Mala? That a man would have difficulty tearing himself away from such a delightful wife as Tally? I had thought you more than seven!”

Drogo’s eyes darted from Tally’s rosy, laughing face to his friend’s openly uxorious expression. Quite besotted, that was clearly evident! The girl had something rare and wonderful, to hold his discriminating friend in such obvious subjection. Drogo had never seen just that look on Flip’s face, and certainly not in front of a mixed gathering like this. Dammit, it was a bedroom look! And the girl had it, too. Shocking! Drogo stared with deep enjoyment at Tally’s delicious little face. If a woman ever looked that way at me, he thought, I should waste no time on old family friends, nor even upon lawyers!

Miss O’More smoothed the retreat of the vanquished Ridds. She even managed to ease Mr. Trevelyan out of the house, with nods and smiles and vague promises of meetings in the near future.

It is doubtful that the besotted pair even know their unwelcome visitors are gone, the elderly lady thought to herself, chuckling. Gazing fondly upon them as they stood, hand clasping hand, in front of the flower-banked fireplace, she slipped quietly out into the hallway and encountered a hovering Dunstan. That self-important official was all too clearly resenting the new mistress. Miss O’More knew a quiver of apprehension. She must warn the lovely Tally that she had an enemy here, an old retainer who would no doubt seek to put the little former governess in her place. Tally must win over this formidable antagonist, or get rid of him, for it was plain that he had taken a deep dislike to the new mistress.

At the moment, he was willing to accept instruction from Miss O’More, as at least a legitimate member of Milord’s family.

“Dunstan, Lord Philip tells me you are awake upon all suits,” she began flatteringly. She was rewarded by a slight lessening of the awful solemnity and contempt upon the butler’s countenance. She continued her barefaced flattery for the young bride’s sake. “I am convinced that you will agree with Milord that any attempt to initiate or accept invitations upon such short notice would be quite ineligible.”

“Quite,” Dunstan agreed devoutly, thinking of his own reputation and responsibilities.

“His lordship and I are, of course, sensible of your influence upon the staff, and are relieved that Lady Sandron has such unexceptionable assistance, and are relieved Lady Sandron has such unexceptionable assistance. For she is very young and will naturally find her new role a demanding one.”

With this, and Dunstan’s stately nod of acknowledgment, she was forced to be content. She went back into the drawing room, meeting the newly wedded couple on their way out. Philip seemed surprised to see her.

“Did you think we had all sensibly abandoned you to your private concerns?” she teased gently. “I got rid of the Ridds—oh, that sounds like a horrid pun, does it not?—and eased your friend Drogo off. I am just n my way home but tarried to tell you that you are wise not to trouble the waters here in London until you are quite prepared to run the gauntlet.”

“A neatly mixed metaphor.” Philip chuckled; Megan O’More was his favorite relative. He was in charity with her for her yeoman work in turning off the Ridds and even offered her a cup of tea or a glass of wine before she left. To this most generous offer his great-aunt gave a laughing refusal.

“Do you imagine I wish to play gooseberry to a pair of newlyweds? If I accepted, you would both be wishing me in Jericho before the tray was brought in! No, dear boy, I shall be on my way at once, with only the request that you call upon me when you make your real foray to London and permit me to entertain your lovely girl.” She smiled fondly at Tally and patted the hand Tally spontaneously stretched toward her. “You are a fortunate man, Philip, and so I tell you. This is a rare one!”

Philip pulled his wife to him almost roughly.

“Do you think I do not know it? Drogo couldn’t keep his eyes off her!”

Miss O’More raised her eyebrows with a laugh. “No more than Mala Ridd could keep hers off you,” she retorted firmly. “You are both too tempting by far for our jaded city tastes. Go back to your Eden as soon as possible, my dears! There are too many servants lurking in the beau monde.”

When she had taken her departure, Philip turned to the hovering Dunstan. “Tell Pierre we shall wish only a very light supper, served as soon as we have had a chance to freshen ourselves after the trip. I shall count upon you to deny us to any further visitors who may have the bad taste to disturb us. I am not in town, Dunstan. This is merely a visit upon business.”

Nodding austerely to them both, Dunstan proceeded toward the domestic regions. Milord led his lady up to his bedroom.

“There is something I am anxious for you to see.” He grinned wickedly.

“A tour of the townhouse?” his wife teased. “Not another arbor, surely?”

“Witch!” Her lord smiled indulgently. “You would love it if there were! Don’t try to flummery me!”

Tally gazed upon his satisfied smile with tenderness. She was more than a little surprised at the depth and passion of her feelings for this man. In spite of her rare beauty, Tally was an intelligent woman with an unusual maturity of character. She was well aware that her compassion for any being small, hurt, or endangered was a powerful force moving her to action; but Milord was neither small nor hurt, much less endangered. Tally knew he could give a very good account of himself if attacked. Why, then, this surge of protective love whenever she looked at him? I am not, she told herself firmly, Lord Philip’s mother! I had much better look out for myself than worry about this devilishly attractive rakehell with the warm, knowing eyes!

In pursuance of this sensible decision, Tally said coolly, “I shall be happy to be introduced to my quarters, since I intend to impress Dunstan with my overwhelming elegance at dinner this evening.”

Lord Philip looked a little put out. “Your quarters? What is this, Madame Wife? Have we here a fashionable matron who holds her husband at arm’s length while encouraging every modish loose screw in the ton?”

Tally gurgled with laughter. “If by that very derogatory epithet you refer to your old friend Drogo, you may rest easy. The only loose screw I expect to encourage is one Philip Sandron. And I do not wish a separate apartment. Eros forbid! Lead on, husband!”

Laughing triumphantly, Philip caught her up and carried her over the threshold in his arms.





Chapter 5



The following morning, after a leisurely breakfast, Lord Philip left the townhouse to consult with his man of law. Milord, Dunstan noted, was in a particularly good frame of mind, even pausing to remark upon the unusual beauty of the weather to his butler as the latter bowed him out. As soon as the front portal was safely shut behind his lordship’s modishly attired figure, Dunstan permitted himself an expression of surprise, chiefly because the weather was overcast and too humid for comfort.

Dunstan, although he fully intended to impress his superiority upon the new wife, was beginning to feel a slight lessening of the disapproval with which he had heretofore regarded her. She was neither gauche nor pushing; her voice and accent were without reproach; her manners better than those of at least two countesses and a duchess Dunstan had observed. There was, of course, a reprehensible tendency to levity in her attitude, yet might that not be forgiven in a new wife who was little more than a girl? And one was forced to admit that his lordship had never appeared happier or more relaxed in his adult life. Weighing one thing with another, Dunstan decided to withhold final judgment until he had had an opportunity to gather more data.

He was turning away from the doorway when his acute ear caught the sound of a carriage drawing up before the townhouse. Putting his eye to the peephole, Dunstan was annoyed to observe the Lady Mala Ridd being helped down from her vehicle by one of her liveried grooms. Dunstan frowned portentously. What was The Ridd doing here after yesterday’s set-down?

He was not long left in doubt, Lady Mala desired to be led at once to Lady Philip’s bedchamber, that she might advise her new ladyship upon the proper attire for a London smart. “For we must not permit her to quite disgrace us all, Dunstan!” sneered Lady Mala. “The clothes she wears may be suitable for a governess, but they can only cause laughter among Lord Philip’s friends!”

“Milord and Lady Sandron have no intention of going into society during this visit,” Dustan said repressively. He found that although he might censure the new mistress freely, he did not at all wish to hear anyone outside the family doing so. Quite beyond permission!

Lady Mala ignored his comment. “Where is she lodged? In Philip’s room? I’ll find her.”

Smoothly Dunstan placed himself in the way of her ladyship’s determined advance.

“Milord and Lady Sandron have already left the house,” he lied imperturbably. “I believe his lordship intended escorting Lady Sandron to a dressmaker’s establishment.”

He was rewarded by a look of pure hatred upon Lady Mala’s handsome countenance. “Which one?” she snapped.

Dunstan’s slight gesture was a masterly admission of ignorance. Fuming, the disappointed female hurried down the steps and was assisted into her own carriage.”

Dunstan permitted himself the slight relaxing of features which served as his smile.

“I believe I owe you my thanks!” came a soft, amused voice from the great stairway. “That was a masterful ruse, worthy of a Machiavelli, Dunstan, you are an artful dodger!”

For once startled out of his glacial calm, Dunstan’s head turned sharply to discover the smiling face of his new mistress. At the blank expression of shock upon his austere countenance, Tally was overcome with mirth. Throwing back her head, she laughed full throatedly. The laughter held no shade of mockery, only rich admiration. After a minute, the butler’s iron composure melted, and he grinned unexpectedly in response to the tribute.

“It is our duty to protect the family,” he said firmly. This time Tally could detect not the slightest hint of pomposity in his manner.

“Thank you Dunstan,” Tally said demurely, her mirth now under control. “She encroaches, does she not?”

Dunstan was not quite ready to permit the familiarity of a mutual condemnation of the late guest. “Her ladyship had a point, madame,” he said repressively. “You would be well advised to consult a fashionable dressmaker before venturing upon the ton.”

The expressive little countenance was turned up to the tall, formidable figure confidingly. “I am accounted to be a fair seamstress, Dunstan.”

“Quite ineligible,” pronounced the domestic tyrant. And then, relenting unaccountably at sight of her crestfallen expression, he suggested, “Try Mlle. Lutetie on Bond Street. And take Milord’s great-aunt with you. She will know what is suitable.”

“Dunstan, you are a savior.” Tally breathed. “Will you send a groom to Miss O’More with a note at once, if you please?”

Dunstan nodded, well pleased. The little one would seem to be willing to accept advice, and might eventually, with discreet guidance, shape up quite satisfactorily. At this strategic moment, Tally began the process that would bind Dunstan to her with chains stronger than iron.

“We all depend upon your wisdom and your sense of propriety, Dunstan,” she said, her voice quiet and sincere. “I understand the importance of the family and shall endeavor to serve it faithfully.”

Steady brown eyes met pale blue ones in solemn pledge. Then Tally turned and went quietly up the stairway to her bedroom.

Dunstan stood staring after her for a long minute.





Megan O’More, descending from her tiny, comfortable residence to mount the Sandron barouche and join the new Lady Philip—for, as an untitled bride, Tally added “Lady” to her husband’s name—greeted the girl with real pleasure. There were many things she wished to say to this lovely young woman. The sooner they became friends, the sooner she could offer assistance and advice.

The first of the conversation concerned itself with Dunstan’s efforts to achieve a respectable front for his new mistress, and both women enjoyed Tally’s inspired rendition of the incident. Then Tally asked skeptically, “Is this place a good one? Mlle. Lutetie’s I mean?”

Megan mimed awe and admiration. “It is the spiritual home of the most notable hostesses in the beau monde . . . and of the greatest courtesans! An aspiring member of the ton dares to go nowhere else.”

As Tally’s delighted laughter rang out, Megan drew a deep breath of pleasure and led the way into Mlle. Lutetie’s elegant establishment. Very few gowns were presented on display, and each of these was set up on a little covered stand with suitable accessories placed around it. The rest of the salon was empty except for a few comfortable chairs, a small table of rare wood, and several containers of fragrant flowers.

“Tres elegante!” breathed Tally, enjoying the ambience of pampered beauty.

Megan chuckled. “Oh, she knows her public,” the elderly woman agreed quietly. “She’s equally expert at her craft, so you need have no fear. If Mlle. Lutetie designs for you, you will be a success!”

The following hour was spent in the most enjoyable manner, and Tally was rosy with pleasure when at length she accompanied Megan back to the Sandron barouche, patiently being tooled up and down the street by the interested coachman and groom. It had been the groom’s opinion that “’is lordship must if been out of ’is noggin to marry a girl of no family an’ no prospects!” The more he saw of his new mistress, however, the more, he now admitted honestly to Tom Coachman, he could see his lordship’s reasons, Tom Coachman grunted derision.

“Hanybody wiv ’alf an heye could see w’y ’e chose ’er! A real beauty, and twice as nice as she can stare—as the nobs says,” he concluded, rather less vehemently.

“Got yer own heye on ’er, ’ave ye?” sneered the groom, but he relented enough to admit, “A man would ’ave to be blind as a bat to miss ’er. An’ damme, she ain’t no sour mug! Speaks as nice to you an’ me as she do to ’is lordship!”

Inviting Megan in for a restorative cup of tea, Tally could sense the growing acceptance of her by his lordship’s staff. The imperturbable faces—which custom and good usage insisted upon—were now relieved by warmer eyes and quicker, more eager service. Even Megan commented as they sipped their tea and nibbled some of Pierre’s irresistible pastries.

“This marble mausoleum has come to life at last,” she breathed with a naughty smile. “Since his mother died, it has grown a sort of moss of hauteur and disuse, even upon the staff!”

Tally chuckled. “I hope they will come to like and respect me,” she said gently. “I am, after all, neither nobly born nor wealthy.”

“Mala Ridd is both—and see how she turned out!” suggested Megan. “Your staff are praising their luck that they have you rather than one such as Lady Mala for their mistress.”

Tally’s lovely face was suddenly serious. “I shall try very hard to be and do everything that Philip needs of me,” she said.

“Then you will have to help Philip to grow up,” advised Megan, and her own expression was sober now. “He is still—although he prides himself upon his adult masculinity—very much the mischievous, spoiled, and charming youth who took all London by storm ten years ago. The slavish admiration of mamas and their hopeful daughters would have spoiled a saint, which Flip is not! And then his friends! At least he is not part of the Regent’s set—he is too young, thank God! and not sufficiently jaded—but he frequents the company of such noted Corinthians as Drogo Trevelyan. They consider themselves to be very knowing ones indeed, but to my mind they are just idle youths playing at life, refusing to accept adult responsibility!”

Tally looked very thoughtful. She had cared for and made excuses for one male child all her life, but her father, absentminded scholar that he was, had not a trace of vice or willful behavior. She forced to accept Megan’s evaluation of the character of Philip Sandron; his triumphant male beauty and virility had won even his fellow males to admiration, and all the women he met had fallen willingly under the spell the spell of his charm when he chose to exert it. Had she not done so herself? Falling into his arms at the Jolly Dog Inn at Upton Downs! Agreeing to his “proposition” before she knew he meant marriage! Tally blushed at her own ardent response to Lord Philip’s arrogant demands. And yet! And yet, her loving heart protested, there was no vice, no depravity, in her husband; merely the quite natural expectation of a much indulged man that he would always be given his own way, with just enough argument to be given his own way, with just enough argument to add spice to the conquest. She turned a sober glance upon the watchful Megan.

“He plays a game, I think,” she began.

“That is all life means to men like Philip and Drogo,” replied Megan. “Oh, I love them both. I’ve known them since they were children, and probably had more to do with them than any other adult. They love to consider themselves ‘pretty downy birds,’ or whatever the latest cant phrase is, but I see them as heedless men without real direction in life.” She paused, her old face gentle, her eyes loving on the girl. “I was never so glad of anything in my life as to discover the quality of the girl Philip brought home. Whatever his social follies, he is, I believe, basically a kind and decent man. But if he is ever to become a real man, with a man’s control and responsibility, he must be drawn away from the useless idleness of life á la mode! For a man of the ton, the days are filled with idle dalliance and the nights with wenching; and day and night they drink themselves into a stupor. They gamble away fortunes which they hold in trust for future generations. They spend the hours they should lavish upon their family estates making silly bets in their clubs, or boxing in the fashionable premises of former prides of the fancy, now retired, broken-nosed, toothless, and half blind, from the ring. And then there is cockfighting!”

Tally interrupted with a tiny smile. “Now, dear Aunt Megan, recollect yourself! I vow you have never been in one of these so-called fashionable premises, and I would be willing to ‘wager my own blunt’ “—she twinkled as she used the cant phrase—“that Philip can come to no physical harm at a cockfight.”

But the elderly lady, for once facing an intelligent and attentive audience, would not be halted. “He can lose whatever sensitivity he has left in that hardened heart of his by watching with complacence the barbarous brutalities of the cruel game! Oh, I fully realize I sound like a puritan in full flight, but Tally . . . I fear so greatly that the generous, open, decent boy I once cared for will become an idle, lecherous man, uninterested in anything but his own comfort and satisfaction.” Megan caught her breath at the sudden look of desolation she perceived on Tally’s face. “Oh, my dear! Please forgive me. It is not my business, after all—and I am sure I am wrong. My view is distorted by prosy old age!”

Tally shook her head. “I can understand your concern, for you love him. I share it!” She drew a deep breath. “It is just that I am so new a wife.” She paused, blushing. “I am so thoroughly besotted over my husband that I can see no real vice in him—a little immaturity, perhaps, but no real vice.”

“I suppose I must be grateful for such small grace from a bride upon her honeymoon!” came a deep voice from the doorway. Both ladies turned guiltily and stared at Lord Philip, who was advancing upon them rather grimly.

Miss O’More rushed into speech. “We were just enjoying a comfortable coze, dear boy! Woman’s talk, you know. Nothing serious!”

“May I pour you a cup of tea, Philip?” Tally invited equally hastily. “How went your day?”

Philip eyed her intimidatingly. His day had not gone well. His man of law had informed him pretty curtly of several important matters connected with his estate that had been so long neglected—in spite of frequent reminders—that they would require immediate and skillful attention if real trouble was to be avoided. The reproof had been administered with perfect civility, yet it had been a rebuke, and a sharp one. It reminded Lord Philip too much of certain dealings with his noble parent after youthful pranks of his own. Such memories did not sit well with a man of thirty. He had come home expecting the unquestioning adoration of his beautiful wife, only unquestioning adoration of his beautiful wife, only unquestioning adoration of his beautiful wife, only to overhear her say, in a lukewarm voice, that she to overhear her say, in a lukewarm voice, that she could see no “real vice” in him, only “a little immaturity”! His response therefore lacked cordiality.

“I shall have to return to Sandron Place tomorrow. Of course you may stay in London if you wish. It will be very dull for you in the country, with none of the boutiques and bright lights.”

“Stay?” Tally’s face revealed the unhappiness this idea brought to her. “But of course I’ll be going with you!” she cried, then hesitated. Was he trying to tell her something? That he would rather not have her with him? Was there trouble at Sandron Place? Her beautiful brown eyes were wide with anxiety.

Philip, viewing them, knew a momentary remorse. She had said she was thoroughly besotted over him, after all. Why did he have this powerful urge to punish his Tally, who after all had caused no part of his problem? He decided to forgive her. He smiled heartwarmingly and opened his arms.

“Can you bear to leave the delights of the Metropolis and venture down into the depths of the country with me?” he teased, sure of her eager response.

He was not disappointed. Tally ran into his arms with an eager little sob of thankfulness and held him close as she pressed her soft lips to his.

Watching them, Megan pursed her lips and frowned.





Although they both urged her, Megan refused the Sandrons’ invitation to share dinner. “You will wish to have a first glimpse of Tally’s new gowns,” she said, smiling. “And don’t forget to warn Dunstan to send the rest of them on to Sandron Place as soon as they are delivered. I’d be willing to wager your neighbors in Devonshire won’t leave you alone.”

“We shall refuse all invitations,” Philip growled, his poise quite restored by Tally’s show of affection. “Were you buying dresses all this afternoon? I fancied you were dallying with some young buck.” There was a wicked glint in the look he sent her.

“Philip!” cried his great-aunt.

But the sparkle in Tally’s eyes matched that in her husband’s “Now, how can this be?” she rallied him. “Which young buck? You have very carefully avoided making me known to any such creature since our arrival in London! Putting it about that we are as good as incommunicado. No, no, Milord, this will not fadge. I might as well ask you for the name of the charmer who held you enthralled for the better part of the day!”

“Grummidge,” Philip confessed with a rueful grin.

But Tally was not done with him. “Milord, do not seek to flummery me. Your man of law, forsooth!” She came swiftly closer and sniffed like an urchin at Philip’s modish cravat. “Aha! Attar of roses . . . the lady has expensive tastes!”

Philip dissolved into delighted laughter. Even Megan was chuckling, amazed at how skillfully this girl had turned the charged incident into a game.

“Attar of roses! More like fetor of old leather! I swear Grummidge’s clerks have never dusted his law books this ten years—if ever.” He grinned at her and caught her close to him. “Wretch! I shall take you with me to his rooms at Lincoln’s Inn when next I am forced to go there.”

“I should love to hear about this so important matter,” ventured Tally. “Perhaps we might divert ourselves during the drive to Sandron Place with a discussion of Grummidge’s problems?” then, catching his astonished stare, she added quickly. “You must instruct me, husband, if I am to be a sensible partner in your affairs!”

“There is only one affair in which you shall be my partner”—Philip grinned— “and I shall be most happy to furnish you with instructions concerning that whenever you please!”

Tally remembered an occasion, at the Jolly Dog Inn at Upton Downs, when she had addressed a despairing question to the innkeeper’s wife. Mrs. Hedges, after every unattached man between fifteen and fifty had attempted to secure her interest. “Do they think of nothing else?” she had protested. And the vouchsafed answer had been. “Very little!” It seemed the judgment was valid even among the haut ton.





Chapter 6



The drive back to Sandron Place lacked the sparkle of the trip up to town. Lord Philip seemed abstracted, and before they were well away from the environs of London, he had fallen into a brown study, from which Tally hesitated to arouse him. Instead, she settled herself comfortably in her corner of the luxurious vehicle and set her mind to the problem of becoming something more to his lordship than a satisfying bed companion.

In this latter activity she knew she was a constant surprise and delight to her spouse. While quite untutored in marital arts, Tally had a lively imagination and an intelligent and ingenious brain. Her greatest gift, however, although she did not realize it, was her generous concern for her husband’s pleasure.

After about an hour of silence within the carriage, Lord Philip aroused himself from his gloomy thoughts about his neglect of his estates and glanced at his quiet wife. Aware of his lapse in courtesy, he was quite prepared to see a resentful or disappointed woman who would need to have her ruffled feelings soothed. Instead, he beheld a relaxed and charming girl with a small, enigmatic smile on her pretty mouth.

This smile at once piqued his lordship’s interest. What could Tally be thinking about which would bring just that sort of smile to her lips? For one disturbing moment, Lord Philip found himself hoping it was—himself!

He reached out an arm and took one of Tally’s hands in his. “Wake up, wife!” he challenged.

At once Tally’s soft brown eyes were raised to his, and the sweet smile widened. “It is comfortable to share a silence, is it not, Milord?” she asked. “So many couples seem to believe that they must be forever nattering at one another.”

His lordship was much struck by this further evidence of his own wisdom in choosing so easy and restful a wife. He became aware that his muscles were tense, and an unaccustomed pain seemed to have claws in his head. Boylike, he turned to Tally for comfort.

“My head aches,” he confessed. “Can you ease it, little witch?”

Tally regarded the amenities of the coach. “If you will consent to remove that very modish topper, Philip, I promise you I shall not knock it in the mud this time.”

He did so, carefully placing it on the opposing seat.

“Now, can you turn slightly to face your window? I shall come close behind you and work my fingers into your neck and back.”

With a grin, Lord Philip presented his back. Tally eased closer and put both hands firmly on his shoulders, beginning to probe and knead the tight muscles. It was awkward, but after a few moments she was rewarded with some lessening of the tension. She stopped the massage to consider the situation.

Lord Philip, who had been enjoying her ministrations, uttered a murmur of objection. “Are you tired, my love?” he asked.

Tally gave the soft gurgle of laughter he loved. “No, my dear heart, I am merely trying to think of a more effective way to help you, for you cannot really be at ease in that awkward position.”

Her lord and master turned a wicked eye in her direction. “Madame, what are you proposing?” He grinned at the rush of soft color to her cheeks. “I must admit I have never demonstrated my prowess in a carriage! There is always a first time, however.”

Tally maintained her calm with some effort. “I had not quite envisioned employing that remedial action for the remission of your pain,” she said equably. “Could you be comfortable leaning back against me? That way, you would not need to hold your head erect.”

After a little mutual adjusting, which was very acceptable to both parties, a comfortable position was established whereby Milord’s head rested upon his wife’s shoulder; his torso lay across her lap, held by one arm and her knee. Her other arm was free to massage his neck and shoulders with soothing manipulation.

Lord Philip had never been held thus in his life. His mother, the Lady Agnes, had been quite uninterested in children, and never visited the nursery. The nurses, and later the governesses, had not felt it their place to cuddle the noble child, and his father, Lord Percival, had been a great believer in manliness for a boy even at the tender age of one or two years. So it was a novel and delightful experience for the man to be held in just that tender way against a soft, warm body. “I could easily go to sleep,” murmured his lordship, lips against Tally’s breast. “Sing me a lullaby!”

Catching the hint of a cynical smile on his lips, Tally continued her firm massaging; then in a few minutes she began very softly to sing a simple old love song. Lord Philip sighed deeply with satisfaction and settled confidingly closer to her. . . . She had to awaken him as the carriage pulled into the yard at the George and Fox, where luncheon had been bespoken.

After a very adequate meal, Lord Philip felt so much at peace with himself and the world that he took a brighter view of the problems on his estates. When Tally brought the matter up, with an air of casual interest, he deigned to instruct her, in the manner of an Oxford don, on the trials and hazards of being a landlord. To his surprise, Tally proved an apt and interested pupil. Almost before he realized it, he was telling her in some detail the specific problems about which Mr. Grummidge had been scolding him. When he finally finished, Tally was silent, a serious expression on her lovely face.

“I have bored you, prosing on about this stupid business,” his lordship said ruefully.

“No, not at all! I find it most interesting—a challenge!”

Philip caught the drift of her remark with a quiver of alarm. “Interesting? That dull stuff? How can you say so?”

Tally turned the battery of her big brown eyes on him, a wide, mischievous smile tugging at her lips. “I have a wager for you, Milord.”

“Accepted!” said that noble gamester promptly.

Tally crowed with triumph. “Aha! I have you! You cannot repudiate the bargain.”

Philip’s smile became wary. “What have you trapped me into, you little witch?”

Tally leaned across to kiss him softly on the cheek nearest to her. The wily gallant turned his head quickly and caught the kiss on his lips. Blushing, Tally told him, “I have a desire for a certain gift from you, Milord!”

Philip looked even more wary. “But your wager?”

“Promise me my gift!” the girl demanded with a tantalizing smile.

What was this little game his Tally had embarked upon? Too late he remembered his father’s cynical maxim: “Never enter upon a wager with a female. They have no sense of honor! Either they will change the terms halfway through, or they will weep and cry off if they lose.” Lord Philip said a little stiffly. “You shall have anything you wish which it is in my power to give you.”

Tally’s face was light with triumphant amusement. “I hold you to your word, sir. The . . . the . . .” She peered around the coach, then out the window. “That cow bears witness!”

Philip was startled into a laugh. “It requires two witnesses, noddy! I am sure that is a point of law!”

“Well, I’m sure that cow has a friend,” the girl countered with a chuckle. “In the presence of witnesses, then, you have agreed that I shall be given the role of assistant to Mr. McPherson. And the wager is that I can solve the problems Mr. Grummidge was being so knaggy about! With you to advise me, of course. I should not care to do anything which would set the cat among the pigeons!”

This shocking pronouncement wiped off whatever amusement was left upon Philip’s face. Frowning at his absurd bride, he said slowly. “We really cannot interfere with McPherson’s territory.”

“But it is your territory, Philip! Your estates, after all. Is he really managing so badly that Mr. Grummidge has to call you to London to set all to rights?”

Philip was in two minds whether to deal this encroaching little minx a sharp set-down or to take her into his arms and smother her ridiculous proposal with kisses. He stared into the warm brown eyes raised with laughing trust to his. It seemed to be a game to her. Well, he would let her run her course—and then they would see who won the race! Grinning, he kissed the tempting rosy lips. “Of course you will have to pay a consultant’s fee for all the advice I give you,” he stipulated, and laughed aloud to see the eager agreement on her lovely countenance. “You’ll need plenty of it,” he added, emphasizing his advantage. “Not even McPherson can be aware of all the details.”

“Shall I have to go to him with my questions?” asked the little minx, too innocently.

“You dare to consult anyone but myself!” her husband warned, not entirely joking. “It is in the bargain that you must secure your advice from me.”

“Then you will have to make a pretty shrewd study of the problems, will you not?” teased the maddening female. At his suddenly alarmed expression, Tally crowed with laughter. “Want to beg off? What is the forfeit?”

Lord Philip settled her closer into his hard embrace. “Why I ever allowed myself to be lured into this disastrous entanglement, I shall never know!” And he kissed her soundly.

“Our wager, you mean?” gasped Tally when finally he let her go.

“Our marriage,” her husband said grimly, and took her close to him again.





Chapter 7



Their arrival at Sandron Place was greeted with well-restrained, even lukewarm, enthusiasm by Milord’s staff, especially his estate agent, Ian McPherson, who had been summoned for an interview posthaste. Rather unexpectedly, that normally vague scholar Jocelyn Temple had met them in the great central hallway as they accepted the welcome of Tippet and Mrs. Tippet. The old bibliophile presented a beaming countenance and barely permitted himself a kiss on Tally’s cheek and a firm handshake with Milord before exclaiming:

“Congratulations, my dear Philip! A second treasure has come to light in your superb collection of books. The Sandron library acquires new luster daily. If you decide to announce the finds, you will have a spate of scholars battering at your door!”

“Does a spate batter?” Tally quizzed naughtily.

Lord Philip cast her a husbandly look. “It is obvious, my dear girl, that you have never seen a trout stream in full flood. I wager it would batter you quite off your feet. We must try it sometime. While I am teaching you to fish, of course.”

Oblivious to Tally’s rosy blush and her lord’s wicked double entendre, Jocelyn beamed at them both. “Lord Philip must lend you to me for a few days—when he is not requiring you, of course—so you can help me make a quick survey of the rest of this superb holding!”

Lord Philip laughed, and even the prim Tippets were guilty of concealing smiles at the unworldly scholar’s innocently equivocal remark.

“When I am not . . . ah . . . requiring you, of course you must assist your papa’s fascinating research in the library,” he told Tally, a ghost of his devilish grin tugging at his well-cut lips.

When Papa is in full spate, thought Tally wryly, he is as naughty as Philip!

But her lord and master had been struck by a brilliant notion, and his smile at his scholarly father-in-law was a grateful one. If Tally were forcibly confined to the library, she could hardly be pestering McPherson, or her long-suffering spouse, with demands to put all to rights on the Sandron estates. So it was with great enthusiasm that he urged Jocelyn’s cause.

“Of course Tally must second you in the library, sir! If I can do nothing else to add luster to the Sandron name, your discoveries will render my stewardship notable. Tally, lose no time! Begin your work with your father this very day!”

Tally’s grim smile informed her elated spouse that she had seen through his stratagem. In the face of her father’s real delight, however, she could hardly permit herself to appear reluctant. Still, she could hardly permit herself to appear reluctant. Still, she would not let the reprehensible Philip succeed completely in his treacherous ploy. Summoning up a charming flutter of appreciation, she said clearly, “Of course I shall be happy to help Papa. And I have not forgotten our agreement, either, dear Milord. I know you will be delighted to carry your share of that little plan while I am busy in the library!”

Philip’s surprise and dismay quite recompensed her for her annoyance at his crafty manipulation. She took his arm lovingly. “Will you escort me to our rooms, Milord? We shall want to refresh ourselves before dinner.”

Unable to refuse such a provocative invitation, Lord Philip gallantly escorted the little witch upstairs.





Tally felt quite invigorated by the dual challenge which faced her in the next few days. Her first project was to discover and then reorganize her father’s schedule. She found he was neglecting to exercise himself . . . and would have missed all his meals, had she not delegated one of the younger footmen to serve as his valet and remembrancer. This flattered servant was instructed to bring the absentminded scholar to all meals, in proper dress, and to see that he did not linger on among his beloved books till all hours of the night.

His exercise Tally organized herself. She knew how much he loved John and Mary, and how deeply the children appreciated his gentle good humor. So she appointed an hour every day, before luncheon, when the four of them—Jocelyn, John and Mary, and herself—would walk down to the stables and ride gently about the safely enclosed paddocks. At first Jocelyn was reluctant to undertake this, to him, vigorous exercise, but a little persuasion and a modicum of flattery, plus the obvious delight of the children in his company, changed his attitude. Within a few days his spare figure, suitably clothed in a well-fitting habit, was a familiar sight as he rode beside John, with Mary and Tally following more slowly. John was a fearless, apt pupil; little Mary an adorable one as she rode her wise old Shetland pony, a gentle beast who seemed well aware of the precious burden she bore. Milord had given Tally a beautiful little high-bred mare, Feather, and was teaching his wife to ride. He had even told her she must join the local hunt—to her secret alarm and the servants’ approval. There was one member of Milord’s staff, however, who had not succumbed to Lady Sandron’s undeniable charm. Ian McPherson, that dour and competent Scot, had tremendous respect for ladies—as long as they kept their place. Which was not, he believed, in the man’s world of management. When, having been summoned to Milord’s presence soon after the arrival from London, Mcpherson was informed that he might expect a request for a conference with his employer’s wife, his face expressed all the surprise, horror, and reluctance he was feeling.

Lord Philip had to smother a laugh.

“It will be a matter of courtesy only, McPherson,” he attempted to soothe the ruffled Scot. “Lady Sandron has some bee in her bonnet about my indifference to the problems of the estate—”

“I ha’ been importunin’ Yer Lairdship to consider-r-r- matter-rs for-r longer-r than we both wish to r-r-recall,” he pronounced sternly, rolling his r’s furiously.

Philip, aware that his trusted factor became increasingly Scottish in his accent as his emotions mounted, strove for a soothing tone. “My dear fellow, of course you have! And I fully intend to act upon your invaluable suggestions now that I am settled in here for a lengthy stay. You must bring me—once again, I grant you! those recommendations you have so carefully prepared for my attention, and we shall begin to follow them out at your best speed.”

The canny Scot was not to be diverted by this handsel, however flattering, from the cause of his alarm. “And her ladyship, sir-r-r-? What will she be wantin’ to confer-r-r aboot?”

“She wishes to be assured that all repairs, renovations, and new undertakings be given every assistance . . . difficulties smoothed away . . . all things done in the best order. . . .” Lord Philip shrugged. The husbanding of his estates had been left, by his father and by himself, in the hands of well-qualified men who had been instructed to get along with it and send in the bills. His lordship was compelled to admit, however, now that Tally had made it a matter of keen interest by challenging him to a wager, that he had not bothered to authorize the work or pay the bills in the last few years. Regarding the set, frowning expression upon McPherson’s dour mug, he sighed. “Milady is an educated woman, agent. She does not press this plan idly or foolishly.”

“Ah had not enveesioned wor-r-rkin’ for a wuman when Ah signed ma contr-r-ract wi’ Yer Lairdship,” he muttered.

Philip chuckled. “Come, man, what can she do? You’ve only to listen to her for a few minutes and then go about your business as you see fit. You’ve not even got to do as she says!” He grinned. “Scholar or no, I’m sure she has no knowledge of husbandry—at least, not that kind!”

Somewhat reassured, but still muttering, McPherson agreed to confer with Milord’s young bride about estate matters. Anything, he told himself gloomily, to get affairs going and the estates back in good heart! Then, his native Scots shrewdness alerted, he gave a slow smile at the idea that he might persuade an eager young know-naught into even more comprehensive refurbishing than he had dared suggest to his lordship.

Lord Philip observed the smile with alarm.”Don’t be getting notions you can bamboozle Lady Sandron into some of your wild schemes, McPherson! I shall still be the one who signs the drafts, remember.” He studied the closed, rather smug countenance. “I’ve entangled Lady Sandron to some book search in the library, which should keep her well occupied for most of her leisure time. You may expect not more than one, perhaps two, conferences. Is that clear?”

“Verra clear, Your Lordship,” answered McPherson, the Scots burr almost gone from his speech.

Lord Philip did not know whether to be relieved or alarmed.





In the event, the conference surprised McPherson.

Tally had given the whole matter a good deal of thought. She was by now well aware of McPherson’s probable dour resistance to any scheme she might advance. But surely, she thought, if we are both agreed on the wisdom of strengthening and renewing Philip’s properties, there should be no cause for quarreling? She herself had no real desire to interfere. Rather, her hope was that Philip might learn to find satisfaction in managing his own impressive acres. How, then, to soothe a mistrustful Scot and encourage a dilettante nobleman in one fell swoop? She shivered at the rather grim connotations of that last phrase and wondered why it had come to her mind.

She appeared in Milord’s estate and muniment room a little before the appointed time, thus pleasantly surprising McPherson, attendant in his Sunday best and with his temper well controlled by native caution. He had heart descriptions of Lord Philip’s bride from the Tippets but suspected their glowing praise. When the door was opened by one of Milord’s footmen, Ian McPherson was already standing at attention near the desk. His eyes opened wide at the sight of the lovely girl-woman who entered. She was simply and neatly dressed in a deep blue gown whose modest cut was unable to disguise the beautiful body. Her hair, golden-shining curls, was drawn simply back from her face with a blue ribbon. Her large brown eyes were bright with intelligence and interest.

And then Tally smiled.

The dour Scot felt as though he had walked into a wall of sunshine. “Lady Sandron?” He was annoyed to hear his normally deep voice come out with a squeak of surprise.

Before he could feel resentment at his self-betrayal, Tally had come to him with outstretched hand. He found himself gripping it, shaking it, and mouthing the usual courtesies. Then the lassie was indicating a comfortable chair, one of two drawn up to a heavy table. On the table were neat piles of fresh paper and two pens.

“I am so grateful to you for agreeing to this conference, Mr. McPherson,” Tally began, seating herself across from him at the table. “You may be wondering why I should seek you out, taking valuable time which could be better spent by you in the pursuance of your duties.”

There seemed nothing to say in reply to such a self-evident truth.

Tally waited briefly, her clear gaze direct upon the agent’s face. Then she said quietly. “I had a purpose in asking for this meeting, Mr. McPherson. I am eager to promote the well-being of Sandron lands. I understand from Lord Philip that there are things which should be done immediately, and other matters which must be put in train without too much delay if lasting harm is to be avoided.”

Not quite sure who was being blamed, the agent contented himself with a dry, “That is so, Lady Sandron.”

The girl nodded, her eyes steady on his. “My husband and his man of law have both expressed sincere confidence in you, Mr. McPherson. It appears you have already recommended the necessary improvements. You are perhaps wondering, now, what a new bride should have to say in these matters of management?”

Since that had been exactly his thought, Ian McPherson could only nod and continue his intent scrutiny of the lovely face.

Tally continued. “I believe you are a competent and honest man, Mr. McPherson. I therefore will tell you exactly what the new Lady Sandron is up to. For I have heard that the Scotsman can keep his own counsel.” Her lovely smile flashed again. “My purpose is solely to encourage Lord Philip to take an interest in his on inheritance. This is for your ears only. I would not wish anyone to know.”

At this startlingly frank disclosure the canny Scotsman blinked once and then said quietly, “If this is indeed so, Milady, would ye no’ be better employed in talkin’ to yer husband?”

His challenging question did not seem to disconcert the lady. Regarding him soberly, she replied, “I suspect Milord would prefer not to accept advice or exhortations about his family’s estates from anyone, and most especially not from a woman whose knowledge must be so inferior to his own . . . or yours.”

For the first time in the encounter, a wry smile softened the Scotsman’s encounter, a wry smile softened the Scotsman’s countenance. “As ye seem to ken, his lordship willna accept advice from onybody, ma’am!” He stared at her sharply. “Have ye some deft wee scheme for changin’ his mind, then?”

A slow, lovely smile greeted his softened manner. “I have that, Ian McPherson,” she confided. “First I asked for a gift, and then I offered Milord a wager. The gift was to be a meeting with you, to discuss the problems. In fact, the gift actually was that I might be your assistant.” She suppressed a crow of amusement at the look of horror that crossed his face. “Most unofficially, I promise you! You must just tell me enough so that I shall have to consult my husband for explanations and tuition. And the wager is—that I shall be able to solve the problems with my husband’s advice. Thus involving him in spite of himself!” Eyes alight with mischievous laughter, she waited for his response. Very slowly the look of shocked alarm faded, and Ian found himself grinning like a boy.

“Now I wonder why I didna think o’ some such ploy maself?” he asked. “Could it be I didna ha’ a pair o’ big brown eyes to support ma rig?” Then, realizing not only what he had said but to whom he had said it, the slow painful color rose in his sun-browned face.

Tally’s delightful gurgle of laughter reassured him. Ian began to agree with every word of pride the Tippets had spoken of their new mistress. In fact, he felt a quite unaccustomed warmth beneath his breastbone and decided it must be a glow of fealty to his new lady. With his keen gray eyes on her face, he said quietly, “I shall do ma possible to assist ye, Milady. Ye ha’ ma wor-r-rd on it!”





Philip scanned his lady’s pretty face carefully during luncheon. Tally was laughing with John and Mary, praising their gracious manners as she instructed them in dealing with various kinds of foods. Frequently she called Jocelyn to reinforce her or to invent tales of elf-children who had suffered impossible fates because of maladroit behavior. Both the children knew the fabrications for what they were, but they loved them and begged the old scholar for more.

“You father is wasted as a cataloger of books,” Philip commented after a particularly vivid adventure. “He should be writing them!”

Tally at once bestowed her delightful smile upon him. This so pleased her husband that he said casually, “Did McPherson attend upon you this morning, Madame Wife? I find you peculiarly high-spirited after such a chilling set-down as he must have given you.”

Tally gave the laugh he loved. “So! How fortunate you are not a cat, Milord! Your curiosity must then have laid you low.”

Lord Philip waited, half smiling, but Tally refused to satisfy his inquisitiveness so easily. After a moment, Lord Philip said more forcefully. “How did the conference go? What great decisions did you two arrive at?”

“I claim the right of privacy,” teased his maddening little wife. “I need not reveal anything which might jeopardize my wager.”

And with that her husband was compelled to be content for the nonce. Especially since Tally invited him to share her boudoir for a brief but refreshing trial of that charming Spanish custom, the siesta. From which her young tiger emerged soothed and purring.

The mitigating effects of the Spanish custom did not, alas, survive an interview Lord Philip conducted later than afternoon. It must be admitted that his lordship considered himself, with some justification, to be a pretty downy bird, awake upon all suits. In the matter of the provocative and disturbing wager with his wife, he had no scruples in securing his stake in any legitimate way. The result of his investigation shocked him.

“You are a witch,” he remarked to Tally at dinner that evening. Husband and wife faced one another across the small round table which Tally had caused to be placed beside the open French doors. Indian summer had come to southern England; the scent of late-blooming flowers and ripened fruit wafted into the candlelit dining room. The mouthwatering food was Henri’s finest; the wines were delicately beguiling and of the correct temperature. And the lady across the table from his lordship was a dream of sensuous delight in her dress of soft cream lace. Yet, in spite of a setting that would have charmed most men, Tally was aware that her rake was not pleased. Alert for storms, she had seen to it that Jocelyn had his meal served in the library this one time. Now she almost wished she had his gentle, undemanding presence as a buffer against the anger which she sensed was seething beneath Milord’s worldly exterior. He had often called her “witch,” but this time, in spite of the quizzical smile, he meant it.

“What new evidence of my sorcerous practices has been offered to you, Milord?” she asked with the sweet, open smile that usually enchanted him.

“I had a visit from McPherson this afternoon. He sings your praises.”

“He approves of me because I respect your noble holdings, Milord,” Tally said mildly.

“Is that what it is?” jeered Philip. He knew he was behaving badly, but he had counted on the dour Scot to put a speedy end to Tally’s absurd wager. Instead of which, the besotted fellow had had nothing but respectful admiration—devotion!—for the new young mistress of Sandron Place. “You have cast your spell firmly over his barbaric heart, Madame Wife! He seems to consider himself your liegeman.”

Tally considered her husband’s handsome face. Behind the mockery of his smile she sensed disappointment, anger, even jealousy. “We are both of us your vassals, Milord,” she said softly. “McPherson serves the laird—and I serve the man,” Her brown eyes were soft with love.

Lord Philip stared hard at the ardent face so enchantingly framed in candlelight, and his expression softened. “I had intended to beat you, little witch, for suborning my servants, but perhaps there is a better way of controlling you?”

“I can think of one, at least,” agreed the girl, flirting so outrageously with her eyelashes that her lord and master was betrayed into a chuckle.

He rose from the table. Offering her his arm, he said, “Well, we shall have to see what you have to suggest, shall we not? It is possible you may be able to win me to whatever scheme you have brewing under that golden hair.”





Chapter 8



In spite of Tally’s witchcraft, Lord Philip awoke the following morning with a sense of desperation. In all his courted and successful career, he had never really committed himself completely to any woman. With a rising panic he admitted that this little female, who had first lured him into marriage and was now consolidating her gains by means obviously unfair, was coming to mean more to him than any other human being, male or female. It was cause for alarm, this insidious attack upon his inmost citadel, his ultimate control of his own life and actions. He must not permit his little love to own him! Another of his father’s cynical maxims came to mind: “Never permit a woman to know you need her. That knowledge is all their sex requires to turn them into vampires and tyrants.”

All the teaching and experience of his years as the most noted bachelor and Corinthian in London came to his aid at this moment of insight, and Lord Philip decided to prove, to himself and his sweetly encroaching little wife, that the scion of Lord Percival was a worthy exponent of his father’s wisdom. So, slipping out of bed quietly, without disturbing Tally, Lord Philip stealthily threw on his riding habit in his dressing room, and, going out to the stables, he rousted the grooms into saddling up his most temperamental stallion.

Galloping gloriously across the wide fields of the estate, his lordship experienced the delights of freedom and found them so heady that he determined to establish his right to liberty so clearly that not even a little charmer like Tally Sandron should be able to confine him. And his method? To weaken her hold on him by making her jealous, of course! Jealousy, as he had reason to know, brought with it a disabling sense of insecurity.

As a first step toward securing his independence, Lord Phillip cantered his horse along the quiet lanes to the Ridd estate, whose boundaries marched with his own. The butler, recognizing a guest they had not seen enough of, made Milord very welcome and led him forthwith into the morning room, where breakfast was being served to Mala and her papa, both rather glum until they identified their early visitor.

Mala’s satisfaction knew no bounds, and she curbed her rather waspish tongue in an effort to charm her unexpected guest. After a fairly adequate meal—for no one had the skill of Henri—Lord Philip was coaxed out to the stables to admire Mala’s new hunter, a bad tempered, beautiful stallion with an eye so vicious that even the knowledgeable head groom gave him a wide berth.

Of course Philip was fascinated by the challenge, as Mala had hoped. After a flurry of saddling and bridling, Lord Philip prepared to mount. His hostess, with a shrewd but admiring glance, said loudly, “Ware tricks, Flip! He’s broken a few bones in the last week!” In fact, Lord Ridd had ordered the animal to be returned to the seller or destroyed.

“I shall manage him,” his lordship boasted confidently.

“A wager, Flip?” challenged his childhood playmate.

His lordship, about to mount, cast her a wary glance. “What’s this?” Were all females so eager to gull him? It was an unending battle, in which a man had better guard his front, sides, and rear!

“I’ll confess he’s beaten all of us. If you can ride him to the priory and back, without being thrown, he’s yours.”

“And if not?” challenged Lord Philip, stepping back a pace as he met the bright, inimical eye of the stallion. “What do you acquire?”

“That pretty little mare you brought from London,” Mala said coolly.

Since Feather had been a gift from Lord Philip to his wife, it was a dubious counter. Philip frowned.

Mala, who knew him of old, said with a taunting smile, “Of course, you must not wager your wife’s new toy when you are so sure to lose, Flip! Forgive me for suggesting it.”

It was enough. In his present rebellious mood, Lord Philip had a need to reaffirm his manhood. He nodded abruptly, said, “Done!” and mounted almost before the horse, whose unlikely name was Erin, was quite aware of his action.

The stallion froze momentarily at the feel of the hated weight. Then he threw back his head, neighed with fury, and ran straight at the nearest fence. Lord Philip lifted him over it with an inch to spare. Fighting for control, horse and rider shot off across the paddocks while grooms and stable boys shouted. Mala, white-lipped, hastily mounted her own strong hunter and followed at her best speed. So also did her head groom, his face dark with disapproval and alarm.

Lord Philip was finding that he had a tiger by the reins. The warlike Erin was out to kill him and he knew it. He had not even time to consider the folly of his decision, so completely did he need to marshal every ounce of strength, skill, and courage for the battle. Erin was that dreaded animal, a horse with brains as well as savagery. At one point Erin ran directly at a stone wall which no sane horse, or man, would dream of trying to leap. Philip sensed that the stallion was ready to injure itself in order to destroy the hated rider. With frightening speed they flew toward the massive stone structure, neither one pulling back. At the final instant, Philip rammed a spur cruelly into Erin’s side. Agonized, the horse rose and cleared the wall, but his hind hooves dragged, caught, and then scraped over, putting him off-balance, so that he fell heavily upon the far side of the wall.

Mala and Jobe, her head groom, distant but pursuing strongly, could not believe that horse and rider had overridden the obstacle. When they themselves, by way of a lane and two gates, reached the field beyond the wall, they found his lordship unconscious in the stubble, his legs caught beneath the horse.

Jobe knelt and examined the horse. “ ’E’s deader than a doornail! Must’ve broke ’is neck! How’s ’is lordship?”

Mala rose from Lord Philips side. “He’s still breathing.”

“Thank God fer that!” answered Jobe. “ ’E needs a doctor.”

“Then go and get one” Mala snapped. “I shall stay with his lordship.”

“Better you than me, if he dies,” said the groom. “Maybe the crowner’ll have some questions.” He gave the woman a sly look.

Mala glared at him. “Go!”

Without another word, Jobe remounted and raced off down the lane toward the village. Mala stared at Lord Philip’s bloodless face and considered how to gain an advantage from the accident. Within fifteen minutes Jobe was back, with Dr. Fletcher and two of the latter’s stout servants following in Fletcher’s well-sprung carriage. Jobe had made a careful report, and the servants had come prepared to lever the horse up far enough so they could draw the man’s body carefully out from underneath the enormous animal. The doctor made a hasty but cautious examination.

“One leg broken. The other badly bruised. And he seems to have a concussion. He hasn’t roused—spoken?” he asked the woman.

“No. Is he going to die? It was his own fault for trying to ride the brute!” Mala wanted it clear that she was not to blame.

“Isn’t this the horse your father was intending to have destroyed?” the doctor asked dryly. “I am surprised you permitted his lordship to mount so savage a beast.” He gave both Mala and Jobe a quelling glance. “Now, if you will permit me, I shall attend to his lordship. Thanks to the good work of Dr. Potts, we doctors no longer find it necessary to amputate a broken limb—but we do need cooperation from both the patient and his friends.”

“You will bring Lord Philip to Ridd House at once,” commanded Mala in the hard voice she always used for inferiors. Dr. Fletcher raised one eyebrow. “It is much closer than Sandron Place—and I am sure you would not wish your patient to be jolted too long over the roads,” she added. She was elated at the sudden thought that the presence of an ailing and helpless Lord Philip in the home of his childhood friend would be a bitter blow to the upstart bride. And who knew what influence might be brought to bear upon a weakened man if he were completely under Ridd control? Mala began to see the accident as a potential blessing. She mounted her horse and rode home without even saying good-bye or thank you to Dr. Fletcher. The latter lost no time in having the still unconscious nobleman transferred carefully to his coach. Although he was concerned over Lord Philip’s continuing unconsciousness, the doctor could only be glad that his patient was unable to feel the pain the jolting trip would cause. At Ridd House, he delivered Milord into the care of two burly, nervous footmen, then sent one of his own servants on in his coach to Sandron Place, to inform Lady Sandron of her husband’s accident. Then he superintended the disrobing of the unfortunate man in a guest bedroom and went to work.

Nearly an hour later, Dr. Fletcher came wearily out of the bedroom to confront Lady Mala and her father. They were impatient.

“How is he?” was predictably Lord Ridd’s first question.

“He is barely conscious. I must insist that there be no visits, questions, or conversation until I am assured of the stability of his condition. I shall require a nurse to be brought in, if you intend to keep Lord Philip here in this house. His case is too serious for untrained handling. And of course I shall return later this afternoon—”

Lord Ridd began to bluster about his rights as a host to his old friend.

Dr. Fletcher stopped him in midcareer. “Until you can convince me that you are a competent physician, Lord Ridd, I shall have to insist that you be guided by my advice. I am going back to my patient now to administer a soporific draught, which should keep him drowsy and quiet until I return later today with a male nurse. I wished only to assure you of his safety. That is why I came into the hall to speak to you. I am sure his lordship and Lady Sandron will be grateful for your concern.” With which, he went back into the sickroom and closed the door.

* * *



When Dr. Fletcher’s man, demanding to see her ladyship, announced Lord Philip’s accident, Tally felt the cold clutch of fear around her heart. For just a moment she stood frozen, great brown eyes fixed with dreadful intentness upon the messenger’s face. The man hastened to explain that Dr. Fletcher was in attendance, that he had said it was only a broken leg, which was not, at this point, in need of amputation. Then, observing that the pretty lady was as white as a sheet, he blurted out that broken legs were no great thing! There were a dozen such during every hunting season!

Tally pulled herself together. “Where is he now? Are they bringing him home?”

The servant frowned. “Lady Mala was with him, ma’am. She insisted that his lordship be taken to Ridd House—seein’ as it’s so much closer to where he fell.”

“So kind of Lady Mala,” Tally said from between set teeth—whether to stop them from chattering or to contain her rage she did not quite know. “Thank you for bringing me the message so promptly! You must let Tippet give you some ale, if you please.”

She turned to the hovering, anxious butler. “I depend upon you, Tippet, to keep all in hand here. I shall wish to send a note to Miss O’More, inviting her down. Send the best carriage, if you please. I know you will see all is well done for her comfort.”

Tippet was happy to know that she would have someone in her corner during the coming battle, for battle he was sure it would be. Lady Mala was well and unfavorably known to Milord’s staff; she was considered an encroaching female and a nasty bit of goods. Miss O’More would lend support to the little mistress when they got her here, but until then . . . What was best to be done? The old scholar was too woolly-headed to help much, and Lady Philip was nothing but a babe-in-arms, no match for the predatory Lady Mala.

The babe-in-arms was smiling at his solemn, anxious countenance. The smile was tentative, and more than a little trembling, but it was there, and even as he watched it became firm and sweet.

“Tell my father what has occurred, and remind him that his duty is to keep the children happy until I am able to return. Mrs. Tippet will be a tower of strength to him, I know.”

“You plan to go at once to Ridd House, ma’am?” he ventured as she turned away to mount the steps to her bedroom.

“What else?” Tally asked quietly. She knew there was real compassion and some alarm behind the question, and she was pretty sure she knew what was worrying him. “I shall have Dora pack me my most suitable dresses—and I am not afraid of Mala Ridd and her parents. Be sure I shall bring our dear Lord home as soon as Dr. Fletcher permits.”

She was such an innocent! Tippet was fearful for her. Those Ridds! She’d be like a downy chick in a nest of hell-kites. He said slowly, “You must take Dora, ma’am. And as soon as Miss O’More arrives, I shall send her to you.”

Tally considered his suggestions as carefully as she could in the pressure of her overwhelming need to be at her husband’s side. Tippet knew the Ridds; he had been at Sandron Place since Lord Philip’s childhood. She nodded decisively. “Yes! I’ll take Dora—then I shall not be at the mercy of inattentive and possibly insolent servants. I shall need someone to go to the kitchen for food and drink for myself as well as for Philip, for I could not bear to present myself at that table, uninvited, three times a day!” She shivered involuntarily. Then she turned to run up the stairs.

Tippet wasted no time. By God’s grace, Ian McPherson was in the estate room, preparing the careful list of suggestions for future procedures in the estate. Tippet burst in upon the Scotsman without ceremony.

“Lord Philip’s taken a toss and broken his leg. He was with Lady Mala, and she’s had him taken to Ridd house!”

Ian got up slowly, his face darkening in a scowl. “Her ladyship? She knows?”

“No thanks to the Ridds! Dr. Fletcher sent his own man here in the coach to warn us. Her ladyship is upstairs now, packing to go to him.”

“They’ll eat her alive,” Ian said grimly. “That is, if they let her in to see him.”

“How can they prevent her? She’s his wife!”

Ian gave him a very Scottish look. “Knowing the R-r-r-ridds, ye can ask me that?”

“D’ye think Dora is enough support? Should Mrs. Tippet go? Or the old man?”

“He’d be less than useless, dear old soul that he is! And young Dora’s a fine lassie, and works well, but she’s no match for Lady Mala. And we need Mrs. Tippet here to control your own staff and keep things in order. No, I think it better that I escort her ladyship to the Ridds. I willna remain, but I’ll make sure they know I’m on guard!”

Tippet, in spite of his anxiety for his master, had to suppress a smile at this feudal outburst. Still, he thought as he watched the tall Scotsman tidy his papers neatly and put on his heavy coat, it was just as well her little ladyship could count on such staunch support. He went to summon coaches and send messages with a lighter heart.

Tally kept her mind on her packing, in spite of conflicting desires to weep for Philip, shout at Mala’s insolence, and tremble with fear and confusion. She must keep calm! It was not unknown for an injured member of a hunt to be taken to the closest haven; invariably such houses expected to offer hospitality to one or more members of the victim’s family. But the victim was Philip, and the “haven” was Ridd House, where Tally knew she was more than unwelcome. Mala hated her, the parents despised her as an interloper, a nobody, an adventuress!

Tally pulled herself together. Such flights of fear and fancy did her no good and surely could not help Philip. The next few days—or, God forbid! weeks—must not be made even more unbearable by feminine vaporings. She was heartened to see that Dora had finished packing a portmanteau and a small carryall in which she had placed a volume of poetry and the Bible that usually rested on the shelf of her mistress’s night table.

“I’ll just go and pick up my own things, Lady Philip,” she said brightly. “You’ll be anxious to get to Lord Philip’s bedside.”

“Come to the hallway when you are ready,” Tally said gently. It would be a comfort to have the bright girl with her!

In the event, Tally found a loyal and anxious group assembled in the great entrance hall to send her off. Foremost, and looking very determined, was the big, stocky figure of Ian McPherson. A sort of sigh of relief escaped her as she realized that he intended to accompany her to Ridd House. He was wearing his outdoor coat and carrying his deerstalker hat. His grim gray eyes were fixed upon her face. The Tippets were in attendance, and flanking Mrs. Tippet was a kitchen maid, weeping silently and holding a wicker basket. As Tally came down the last two steps, a footman opened the huge front doors to reveal a carriage waiting with open door. Just at this moment, Dora came running down the hallway from the rear stairs, a neat bundle in one hand and her shawl in the other.

Tally gave them all her sweet smile. “I see we are ready to bring aid to Lord Philip,” she said quietly. “He and I are in your debt.”

Ian led her out to the carriage and assisted her in before entering himself and taking the backward-facing seat. Tally motioned Dora in to sit beside her. Everyone moved out onto the broad front terrace to wave off the coach, and Mrs. Tippet, now herself weeping, called out, “God bless Lord Philip!” She had been an upper servant when Tippet had come to serve the Sandrons. She had known his lordship from an infant and cared deeply for his welfare. Tally nodded her thanks for the prayer as the door was slammed and the coach drove off.

There was a long silence as Tally struggled to prevent herself from crying and succeeded. She knew she would need all her wits about her when she reached Ridd House. Before then, she had some thinking, some planning, to do. Tears would only confuse the issue. While she was controlling a sickening fear of what she might find at Ridd House, Ian McPherson’s deep voice broke into her troubled musing.

“Ye must not let that one know yer upset, Milady,” he began. “Stay in Lord Philip’s room all the time. Make them set up a trundle bed for you. Mayhap you’d best let Dora sleep there, too.”

Tally rose to the occasion. She could not show cowardice with these strong champions. . . . Dora, too, was regarding her mistress with anxious, admiring eyes. Tally smiled.

“Not even a whole pack of Sassenachs will rout me, Ian!” she said. The man chuckled in spite of himself at her use of the word his own people had for the English invaders. Dora, pleased at the show of spirit from her beloved mistress, grinned in sympathy. So it was a resolute and forewarned trio that advanced upon Ridd Hall.





Chapter 9



Lord Philip was returning to consciousness as Dr. Fletcher reentered the room after his brief conference with the Ridds. It might have been the excessive agony of having the broken bone set which had finally shocked him back to his senses; for a few minutes, aware of pain in both legs and a truly colossal headache, he wished very devoutly that he had remained unconscious.

Dr. Fletcher watched carefully as Milord’s lids opened to reveal a pair of dazed gray eyes. “So you are with us again, are you, Lord Philip?” he asked clearly.

“Un-unfortunately, I-I seem to be,” muttered the battered nobleman. “With hell’s own headache. It’s you, Fletcher! Have you been cutting into my skull, you—you butcher?”

Dr. Fletcher permitted himself a smile of satisfaction. Philip had recognized him. Speech was clear, although permissibly halting. The pupils of the gray eyes were normal in size and equal, and Milord seemed to have had no difficulty in accepting the situation.

“Before you ask me where you are, Milord, I shall tell you that you are in a guest bedroom at Ridd Hall, conveyed hence by Lady Mala’s orders. It seems you and she were having a race, or some such enterprise.”

Philip frowned heavily, groaned at the exquisite pain this action sent through his aching skull and then said rather thickly, “A race? No, I can’t buy that. I remember a horse, though—Oh! We jumped a stone wall!”

“You attempted to jump a wall,” corrected Dr. Fletcher. “You succeeded in crashing on the far side of it. You have a broken leg, massive bruising, and a possible concussion. You are fortunate.”

Philip grimaced.

Dr. Fletcher continued. “It will really be hazardous to move you again until I can be sure of the effect of the battering fall upon your brain. Also, your leg must be given a chance to heal properly. Therefore you must remain here at Ridd Hall for several days, at least.” Correctly interpreting the expression on Lord Philip’s face, he said quietly. “I have notified Lady Sandron that you have a broken leg and were brought here at Lady Mala’s orders. Your wife will be with you soon, I have no doubt.” He studied his patient’s expression. “I shall remain here until I know she has come. Meanwhile, I shall inform the Ridds of your state of health. I believe they are hovering in the hallway.” With a faint smile he advised his patient, “I suggest you say nothing until your wife is at your side. Least said, soonest mended! I shall of course warn the Ridds that you are not to be disturbed, but they are none of them known for their sensitivity.”

Quietly then, Dr. Fletcher left the room, leaving the door slightly ajar as he encountered the Ridds, father and daughter, in the hallway. As he had anticipated, Mala was agog at the idea of having Lord Philip a defenseless guest in her home. Lord Ridd was bluffly hospitable in his offers of servants to wait upon the sick man and a couple of bottles of the finest brandy to restore him to health.

“If you wish to be responsible for killing him, then yes,” said the doctor harshly. To their affronted looks he continued coldly, Lord Sandron is here because Lady Mala insisted, and because there was some validity in her suggestion that a longer carriage ride might further injure the leg. However, there is still the concussion of the brain which I mentioned a few minutes ago. This must not be exacerbated by brandy or anything other than what I shall order for his diet. I have given him a soporific draught, which should keep him quiet until I bring a male nurse with me later this afternoon. For no reason is he to be disturbed. Have I made that clear?”

As if on cue, a flurry of sound—the thumping of a door knocker, voices, the movement of several persons—came from the entrance hallway below. Lady Mala strode angrily over to the head of the stairs, pleased at the opportunity to vent her frustration upon the hapless visitors below.

“What is going on down there, Crowl? Do you not realize we have a very sick man upstairs?”

Tally’s clear voice reached them as she began to mount the stairway. “So I have been informed,” she said. “I have come to take care of my husband.”

Dr. Fletcher breathed a soundless sigh of relief. It was for this arrival that he had delayed his own departure, not wishing to leave his patient in the uncaring hands of the Ridds. It was as well he had done so, he thought as he observed Mala Ridd’s hostile attitude. The woman planted herself at the top of the staircase, blocking the way. Tally came steadily up toward her, eyes full of bright challenge. Dr. Fletcher stepped forward and offered his hand.

“Thank you for coming, Lady Sandron. I have a comfortable report for you—thanks to the quickness of wit of Lady Mala, and the Ridds’ hospitality. Please come into Milord’s sickroom very quietly. I have given him a draught, and he may not quite recognize you at this time.”

There! That should placate the Ridds and prepare the little wife for whatever reception Lord Philip gives her, he congratulated himself. His stratagem seemed to work, for Mala was forced to give way to let him escort the wife in to her husband, and Lord Ridd was satisfied by the reference to his own gracious lodgment of the injured man.

Tally found she was holding her breath. It terrified her to realize that Philip might have been killed, and she herself quite unaware that he was even at hazard. Then the sight of the dear dark head upon the pillow and the glint of silver-gray eyes searching her face brought her back to her usual self-possession. She stepped toward the bed and took his hand firmly in both of hers.

“How are you feeling now, my dearest?” she asked, and then smiled widely. “I know it’s a foolish question, when you must be damning all brick walls and stubborn stallions!” She bent and kissed him lightly on one cheek, then sank with a murmur of thanks into the chair the doctor had brought up.

Philip stared at her intently, a slight frown between his strong dark brows.

Oh, do not let it be that he has forgotten who I am! prayed Tally, keeping the gentle smile on her lips.

“It is all your fault, you know,” her husband said.

“My fault!” gasped the girl.

Dr. Fletcher wondered if he had overestimated Sandron’s recuperative powers. This anxiety was immediately dispelled at sight of the wicked smile that tugged at Milord’s lips. He had not taken his gaze from Tally’s stricken little face.

“For making me go riding to get you out of my system,” he explained outrageously, quite indifferent to the presence of the observer of this little contretemps.

Tally’s pretty color had come back in a rush to her cheeks. Her sparkling eyes revealed a temper far from tractable, but her love for the wretch in the bed prevented her from making him the reprisal he deserved.

“Use your indemnity while you can,” she advised him with the little gurgle of laughter he had said he enjoyed. “Shelter behind those formidable bandages, sirrah. You know I cannot knock them off! You are safe from my attack for a few days, Philip!”

The invalid’s eyes had filled with fun, and he surveyed his lovely wife with complacent possessiveness. “You must remain at my bedside constantly, having food brought to you and a trundle bed set up where I can see you,” he commanded.

The doctor came to the bedside and took his patient’s hand out of Tally’s gentle grip. “Very heavy pulse,” he commented dryly. “Since I have just given Your Lordship a sedative, we must now permit it to do its work. No, do not frown at me! Lady Sandron is more than willing to cater to your outrageous demands, as all of us are well aware. I shall be back in a little while with a male nurse, who will be able to take over the more demanding parts of your care. Which will permit your lady to rest and refresh herself—the better to serve you.”

This authoritative decree brought a wry smile to the invalid’s well-cut mouth. He freed his hand from the doctor’s grip and held it out imperiously to his wife. She took it.

“Tally must stay with me until I am asleep,” he said, and closed his eyes stubbornly.

The other two exchanged a look. Then the doctor removed Tally’s cloak, made sure she was comfortable in the chair, and departed, well content.

He encountered Lady Mala again as he left the bedroom. She was hovering in the hallway, ostensibly scrutinizing one of the dark, forbidding portraits of past Ridds with which the walls were cluttered.

“How is he?” she demanded.

“Lord Philip is asleep and must be allowed to remain so until he awakens naturally. No visitors, of course. Is there a connecting room which may be prepared for Lady Sandron and her maid?”

“She is going to stay here?” Mala’s voice clearly revealed her discontent with this arrangement.

Dr. Fletcher was not permitting the reluctant hostess to default. “You ordered him brought here. His wife will naturally be with him.” He glanced up and down the corridor meaningfully.

“I’ll see to a room,” Lady Mala said begrudgingly.

“Perhaps I should see it, too? And there will need to be accommodation for Lord Philip’s male nurse. I think a room with your own menservants, to which he can retire when he is not in attendance upon Milord.” Unbidden, the doctor strode to the doorway next to the sickroom and opened it. A quick glance told him that there was a door in the wall connecting it to the room in which Lord Philip lay. “This will do very well for Lady Sandron and her maid,” he said, moving toward the door and opening it quietly. He met Tally’s stare, at first surprised and then full of gratitude as she glimpsed Lady Mala behind his shoulder.

“This is to be your room,” he whispered. “Your maid will be sent up very shortly.”

“Thank you, Dr. Fletcher. And my gratitude to Lady Mala and her parents,” Tally replied quietly.

A look at the other woman’s face made Tally close her lips firmly over a desire to chuckle.

And Dr. Fletcher allowed himself to grin as he stepped up into his own coach outside Ridd Hall. For it had been very plain to him that the connecting room, with its unlocked door, was Lady Mala’s bedroom. The knickknacks, painted family miniatures, and the discarded riding habit flung over a chair had told their own tale. He had seen that habit on Lady Mala as she’d stood above Milord’s body in the field beyond the wall. His menservants, riding on the facing seat, were surprised at the snort of laughter their employer gave as they drove away from Ridd Hall.





By evening, the male nurse was installed. He was a quiet, middle-aged man with a sober yet pleasant face and a quietly positive manner that reassured Tally. No one would force this man to do anything which might harm his charge. He was low-voiced and had no small talk, but his competence was evident in every quiet move. Best of all, Lord Philip, drowsy from the drug, had half awakened during Martin’s quiet ministrations and accepted the man’s service. Breathing a sigh of relief Tally slipped quietly next door to the delighted relief of Dora. The girl had put away the contents of her mistress’s portmanteau and handbag, and was ready with warm water and soft towels and Tally’s hairbrush to refresh her much admired employer.

Tally accepted the attentions gratefully. Her muscles were stiff and sore from the long vigil at Philip’s bedside, and her face felt as dry and tight as old leather. Dora helped her off with her dress, held the towel ready, and finally presented the rose-petal ointment Philip had purchased for his bride in London. Smoothing it over her tired face, Tally felt the comfort of it as well as of the memory of her husband’s kiss as he had presented it. She roused from her reverie to discover Dora kneading her shoulders and neck, thus easing the discomfort of her tense muscles. She sighed with pure pleasure.

“Dora, you are a jewel!”

Much flattered, the girl reminded her, “It is gone seven, ma’am. Perhaps we should be dressing you for dinner.”

“Oh, I must not disturb the family any more than necessary!” she began to protest.

Dora was adamant. “Lady Mala’s maid brought a message an hour ago. They will expect you at eight in the dining room.”

Allowing Dora to help her into the one evening dress she had brought, Tally reviewed her plans. She had hoped not to be forced into too much contact with the Ridds. She knew very well they did not like her—in fact, they had made no bones about showing that they despised her. She had hoped they might be willing to send a tray to her room. Perhaps tonight’s invitation was for courtesy only? Tally resolved to ask that a tray be sent up in future. Her excuse was a good one: She was not at Ridd Hall for social reasons, and would not wish to be entertained (however unlikely that idea was!)

“I am afraid I cannot permit you to awaken his lordship, Milady,” Martin was saying softly.

“You will not tell me what I can do in my own house!” snapped Lady Mala.

Tally closed the door behind her with a click that brought both heads in her direction. “Lady Mala! How kind of you to be so concerned for Philip’s welfare. I have been told you wish to entertain me at dinner tonight.” During this quiet but rather effusive greeting, Tally was advancing toward Lady Mala, coming between her and the bed where Philip, surprisingly, was still asleep.

Lady Mala was forced to give ground before the social advance. She looked sourly upon the upstart wife but was maneuvered into leading the way to the door. The new Lady Sandron was surprisingly impressive in her quiet evening gown of sherry-brown velvet. It was modest but modish—exactly correct for such an occasion as this. Lady Mala felt her own bright green satin, splendidly though it set off her red curls, was perhaps a little ostentatious against the rich brown of her rival’s dress.

Tally caught a fleeting glimpse of Martin’s countenance as she followed Lady Mala out into the hall. The nurse was giving her a grateful glance. She closed the door quietly behind her and hurried to catch up with a fuming Mala.

Her hostess led the way to the dining room, where the elder Ridds awaited them. There was no conversation at first, beyond a grudging salutation to the guest and some desultory comments from Lady Ridd, all addressed to her husband or daughter. Tally, more than happy to be ignored, resolved to make as good a meal as possible, since she had decided to ask that all future meals be served her in her bedroom. When a lull in the boring conversation occurred, Tally addressed herself to Lady Ridd.

“It is gracious of you to invite me to share your dinner, ma’am, but I feel it wiser if I take my food in my bedroom, where I can be available if Martin or Dr. Fletcher should need my help.”

“It would be strange if they needed your help . . . Lady Sandron,” replied Lady Ridd unpleasantly. “Unless you were trained as a nurse as well as a governess?”

Ignoring this rudeness, Lady Mala said sharply, “It would be easier for everyone if you returned to Sandron Place, ma’am! You could be sent for, in case of . . . an emergency!” the woman paused, finding herself the target of three pairs of eyes. Her parents were obviously not willing to go so far beyond what was suitable as to throw Lady Sandron out of their house; even Mala had to accept the fact that the neighborhood would buzz to that social blunder.

Tally rose to her feet with a quiet dignity which was observed by hosts and servants alike. “Pray forgive me, Lady Ridd! I find my concern for Lord Philip has quite taken away my appetite. May I be excused to my bedroom?”

“Where have you put . . . Lady Sandron?” demanded Lady Ridd, as always seeming to find it difficult to grant her the title.

“In—in the bedroom next to Flip’s,” Mala muttered.

“But that’s your bedroom!” protested Lord Ridd.

His wife and daughter looked daggers at him; he was too insensitive to notice. “Well, it’s convenient,” he admitted, “if the girl has to go to him in the night.”

“With the services of a male nurse,” Lady Ridd said coldly, “there should be no need for anyone to go to him.”

Neither mother nor daughter could quite meet Tally’s surprised, indignant stare. She left the dining room without another word being exchanged between herself and the Ridds.





Chapter 10



The next two days were extremely painful for Lord Philip and uncomfortable for all those who had the questionable pleasure of serving him. His leg was a flaming agony, partly because of his deeply felt reluctance to allow himself to be drugged while in hostile territory. Of course, he did not mention this reason to those who waited upon him, and they were left to endure his gibes and scathing comments as best they might. Tally was his particular victim, and normally she would not have minded, considering the provocation her husband was suffering.

But there was one person toward whom Lord Philip directed no cutting remarks, no calculated insults. This was Lady Mala. She insinuated her way into his sickroom on the flimsiest of excuses; Martin could not keep her out, nor could Tally. Dr. Fletcher, arriving on the second day to find her sitting on the side of the bed offering Lord Philip a cigar, managed to put her in her place with as sharp a rebuke as any one had ever heard him utter. He then delivered a biting lecture to Martin, who blinked and said nothing. Tally, awakened by an agitated Dora, came into Milord’s sickroom with battle flags flying in her cheeks. She noted the cigar. Lady Mala’s scornful smile, and the doctor’s frowning face, and announced that she would insist upon Lord Philip’s immediate return to his own home if one more person forced a way into his room without her express permission!

The doctor, and even Lord Philip, looked with surprise at this small fury. Lord Philip’s lips curved into a grin; his eyes glinted with amusement and something more. Tally refused to face him, after one quick glance to assure herself of his state of health, which made her well aware of his amusement. Provoking creature! He was relishing the zeal with which two women vied for his favor!

Mala indeed saw her opportunity.

“So even old friends and trusted servants need your permission to pay their respects to Lord Philip?” she taunted. “Is that why you closeted yourself alone with Ian McPherson so long this morning? Was it to save Flip from the bother of receiving his agent’s good wishes?”

Lord Philip frowned suddenly and directed a sharp glance at his wife. Tally was caught off guard. She did not wish to explain her mutual assistance pact with Ian in front of Milord. So her guilty blush convicted her, in her husband’s jaundiced view, of questionable conduct.

“And just what did McPherson wish to see me about? If it was drafts to sign, bring them to me at once, if you please! It is my leg which is broken, not my arm.” He glared at Tally.

He did not bring bills, Philip,” Tally was forced to admit. “He was naturally concerned over your injury, and wished to be assured of your recovery.”

“For half an hour?” gibed Mala. “A lengthy session!”

Dr. Fletcher had had enough of this brangling. Lord Philip was white about the lips and obviously disturbed. The doctor took the opportunity of a brief lull in the exchange between the two women to inform Tally grimly that unless his instructions were more closely regarded, it might be weeks rather than days before his lordship could return home.

This intelligence gave Tally pause.

“Weeks! I could not endure it!” She turned to her husband at last. “You can have no idea! . . . I cannot bear to remain here for so long a time!”

“Then go home,” Lord Philip said shortly. Of a sudden he was looking very tired indeed; gray-faced, with deep lines from nose to mouth.

Dr. Fletcher clucked angrily and banished both women from the room. Tally went to her room, standing near the window that looked out over the front drive leading to Ridd Hall. She perceived a smart curricle approaching at a spanking pace. Its driver, dressed to the nines in a natty greatcoat and rakishly tilted hat, seemed familiar to Tally. Then she recognized him.

“Drogo!” she said, and ran out into the hallway and down the front staircase before she let herself think what she was doing. She had such a hunger to see a face which was neither hostile nor mocking, to hear a voice which was neither critical nor taunting, that she quite forgot what a harvest her enemies might reap from her indiscreet pleasure in beholding Philip’s best friend.

So it was that Drogo, a little worried by the reports he had had from Mala of Philip’s injury, found himself welcomed at the Ridds’ front doorway, under the eyes of a disapproving Crowl and two wide-eyed footmen, by a beautiful girl whose face was alight with a warm pleasure in his arrival. Every predatory instinct was at once aroused, but Drogo Trevelyan was too wily a campaigner to show his cards before time, and he contented himself with a pleasant response to Tally’s welcome, and a warm enquiry after her husband’s health. Before the affronted eyes of Crowl, Tally led the guest up to Lord Philip’s room, chatting eagerly. His smile was the warmest, his manner the most supportive, she had experienced in several lonely, anxious days, and she allowed herself to be more open and unguarded with him than she would normally have been. She was clinging to his arm, her face turned up to his smiling one, as they reached Philip’s door.

Unfortunately for Tally, it was opened just at that moment by Dr. Fletcher, still frowning at the exhaustion of his patient. The latter was in no mood to make excuses for the little wife who was welcoming that noted womanizer Trevelyan with open arms. For the very first time in a relationship that had begun when both were at Eton, Philip feared and distrusted his old friend. So it was with a cold anger which withered Tally’s confidence that her husband turned his head away and refused to speak to either of them.

Frowning, Dr. Fletcher ushered them out of Milord’s sickroom and instructed Martin to lock the door. Mala was nowhere to be seen, Tally had a real fear that the other woman might have slipped into Tally’s room, where the connecting doorway led privately into the sickroom. Without thinking how her action might impress a hostile observer, she led the way at once to her own bedroom, followed closely by Drogo—never one to miss an opportunity.

Tally’s suspicions were proven correct. Lady Mala had the door partway open.

“You will not enter my husband’s room!” Tally snapped. “You heard Dr. Fletcher!”

Mala whirled to confront her, saw Drogo grinning at the chit’s shoulder, and seized her own chance to make mischief.

“Why, Drogo!” she exclaimed loudly. “What are you doing in Lady Sandron’s bedroom?” And she closed the connecting door with a sharp slam. Let the little upstart get out of that one! she thought as she walked past Tally and Drogo and went back into the corridor.

Drogo scanned the appalled little face of his latest prey with mixed feelings. That bitch Mala had been at fault, and the fledgling Tally was too innocent to deal with her on her own terms. His chance? But no! Not quite sporting to try to outmaneuver Flip while he was so ill. For Drogo, too, had noted the strained, gray look of his friend’s face and was now seeing the hurt and dismay of the girl before him. He touched her shoulder lightly.

“I think you have had about as much as one can endure of the Ridds,” he said gently. “I have left my curricle before the house. Let me take you for half an hour’s drive. I’ll wager you haven’t had your nose outside the door since you arrived!”

Tally gazed intently up into his face.

Drogo bore the scrutiny with a rueful grin. “I give you my word, Tally. No tricks!”

Tally sighed. “I should be pleased to accept your invitation, Drogo. This place smothers me!”





In the quiet sickroom, Lord Philip brooded over Mala’s final remark. So his wife had taken Drogo to her bedroom, had she? Pretty havey-cavey business for a girl who was as good as a bride! He had the witness of his own eyes as well. When they first came in, Tally had been chattering away to his best friend as though she hadn’t a care in the world . . . as though her husband were not lying on a bed of pain! Lord Philip did not try to define his resentment, his sense of betrayal. It swept over him with tremendous force. He glared at Martin.

“Bring my wife here immediately!”

Martin took one look at the sick man’s expression and went at once to the connecting door. Unfortunately for Tally, she and Drogo were just preparing to leave, and Drogo’s cheerful assurance that she would like his new curricle could easily be heard.

At Martin’s summons, Tally cast one desperate look at Drogo and then went swiftly to Philip’s bedroom. His temper was as heated as she had feared.

“If you can tear yourself away from Trevelyan long enough to attend me, I have some questions to ask you!”

Tally lost color as she saw just how tired her husband looked. She was immediately overwhelmed by a sense of quite foundationless guilt and came to him quickly, catching his hand in both of hers, and placing a long, sweet kiss on his mouth.

This gesture must have had strong therapeutic value, for Philip was able to face his old friend with a good imitation of his usual manner.

“What brings you here?” was not exactly the most welcoming of greetings, but the tone was friendly enough.

“Lady Corinna begged me to bring her news of her favorite cicisbeo. She is desolated at not hearing from you for such an age!” Drogo said lightly.

Tally decided that as a soothing overture, this speech of Drogo’s lacked a good deal. However, he went on smoothly enough. “What happened, Flip? Taken a toss over a rasper, have you?”

“A stone wall,” Philip said lightly. “And before you say it, I’ll wager a pony you couldn’t get over it, even at the cost of a broken leg!”

“A stone wall,” Philip said lightly. “And before you say it, I’ll wager a pony you couldn’t get over it, even at the cost of a broken leg!”

“I’ll ride out and look it over while I’m here,” promised his friend.

“And just why are you here?” Milord prodded ungraciously. “Don’t bother giving me any of that cicisbeo nonsense. ‘Inconstant Corinna’ hasn’t even missed me, with Mellish and Blore at her feet!”

Drogo’s wolfish grin did nothing to quiet his friend’s suspicions. “Mala sent me a frantic call for help. It seems she thought you might need entertainment during your convalescence—”

“Gammon!” said Lord Philip crudely.

“I rather thought so myself,” Drogo agreed. “Knowing the determined campaign Mala has mounted to win your favor these last ten years!”

“Then why did you come?” persisted Philip.

“You ask me that, with my best friend at death’s doorway?” Drogo grinned, but his glance went to Tally, in quiet conference with Martin. His worst suspicions confirmed, Philip frowned.

The girl was receiving disturbing information from her husband’s nurse. “Dr. Fletcher is not at all pleased with Milord’s progress, Lady Sandron. He is restless and difficult to handle. He has been refusing his medication—very stubborn, he’s been! The doctor says the tone of his mind is most important if the healing process is to be successful. And his lordship’s mind is disturbed!”

“It is this . . . household,” Tally fretted. “Lady—the Ridds—insist upon coming into the sickroom at all hours, Martin!”

The nurse nodded glumly. “I cannot seem to prevent them, Lady Sandron,” he admitted.

Tally’s expression was so downcast that Martin’s heart was touched. He let her in on the decision Dr. Fletcher had shared with him. “The doctor told me he wished he had taken Milord on to his own home, but the danger of concussion had been so great that he’d felt he had to get Milord to a quiet bed as soon as possible. He now feels he was wrong; the situation here is upsetting to his lordship. So Dr. Fletcher intends to order Milord’s removal to Sandron Place within the next few days—if we can get him in better spirits and calm enough for the move.” Martin peered at the lovely little Lady Sandron. Surely any man with a wife like that wouldn’t bother with a hard-faced female like Lady Mala?

“You’d best look out for him, Milady. Protect him from such visits as this”—he indicated Drogo, who was laughing loudly at some waspish comment from Lord Philip—“if you want him home!”

Her worst fears confirmed, Tally went at once to Milord’s bedside. In her concern for Philip, she placed an imperative hand on Drogo’s arm and tugged at it. “You must really come away at once, Mr. Trevelyan! Lady Mala will be waiting to greet you. I have no doubt. Philip must be allowed to rest.” Since she recalled her manners at this moment sufficiently to pin a wide, social smile on her lips, Philip was presented with the picture of a smiling beauty so eager to get Drogo to herself, away from her husband’s supervision, that she was actually pulling at his arm! Philip had not heard his physician’s warning, so he had no inkling of the fears that were driving his wife.

When Drogo and Tally were gone, he eyed Martin morosely. “How much longer am I to be penned up here?” he demanded. “Did Fletcher tell you?”

“In view of the situation,” Martin quoted his employer. “Dr. Fletcher thinks it would be wise to get you back home as soon as possible.”

Lord Philip was not to know it was his recovery that was worrying the doctor. In his pain and weariness, he took Fletcher’s comment to refer to the situation between his wife and his friend. Shrugging, he sought a more comfortable position on the too soft, slightly musty-smelling mattress.

“I’m hot and thirsty,” he complained bitterly, and quite illogically, since he had been refusing the soothing draughts he was offered. “Is it your purpose to make me die of thirst?”

Grimly Martin filled a large beaker, administered two sedative capsules, and stood over the recalcitrant patient until he had drunk every drop of the liquid.

The sooner you obey orders, Milord, the sooner you will be strong enough to return to your own home.” Martin bathed his charge’s face and hands with cool water, removed his pillow, and went over to sit down in a corner, leaving a disgruntled Lord Philip feeling, for the first time in a much indulged, much courted life, very insecure.





Chapter 11



Tally went with Drogo to the drawing room, where Lady Ridd waited to welcome Lord Philip’s old friend. She was not best pleased to be entertaining such a notorious Corinthian and was offended when her daughter instructed her to press Mr. Trevelyan to remain in their home for several days. At first, in fact, she utterly refused.

“I think it is our duty to arrange . . . some entertainment for Lady Sandron,” Mala said, holding her mother’s eyes with her own sharp glance.

Lady Ridd opened her lips to protest. Then she closed them slowly, pursed them, and finally nodded.

“It might relieve Flip’s mind to know his wife is so enthusiastically attended,” Mala added with a thin, vicious smile.

“You think that . . . you might . . . one day?” queried her mama.

Mala shrugged. “He married once. You and Papa said he never would.”

“The little upstart trapped him,” objected her mother.

“If he could be trapped once . . .” Mala suggested.

There was no more to be said. Lady Ridd nodded again, decisively. She could see as far through a grindstone as the next woman, and Mala’s intent to make trouble between Philip and the upstart had her heartiest endorsement. She rang for Crowl and instructed him to bring Lord Ridd’s finest brandy to the drawing room. When Tally and Drogo appeared, she was ready for them.

She insisted that they all drink to Lord Philip’s speedy recovery. Crowl presented Drogo with the full glass he had prepared. Even Tally accepted a small portion, to honor that particular toast. When they had finished, Lady Ridd launched her attack.

“You must stay with us for a few days, Mr. Trevelyan.”

Drogo looked from her to Mala, and then slid a glance at Tally. Mala added her persuasions to her mama’s. Drogo’s eyebrows lifted slightly. “You are too kind,” he murmured. “I came only to see for myself how serious Flip’s injury was. I really must not burden you—”

“Nonsense,” Lady Ridd said imperiously. “In this great house we have room for another guest. I am sure you will be much less trouble than Philip!”

Drogo grinned. It amused him to observe Lady Ridd trying to be gracious and, through her insensitivity, revealing her utter inability to be so. He looked at Tally, inviting her to share the joke.

Tally was worried. If Drogo stayed, she would have another to fend off, another threat to Philip’s peace of mind. She kept her eyes lowered, unwilling to influence her husband’s friend to remain.

Crowl had refilled Drogo’s glass, and the potent liquor was already weakening the man’s tentative resolve to keep his hands off his friend’s wife—at least until Flip was back on his feet.

Mala, impatient, tried to work on his notorious weakness. “You can sit with Flip and release Tally from some hours of her self-imposed watch. After all, there is a qualified male nurse in attendance. But Tally is too conscientious for her own good—or Flip’s! She is wearing herself out. Perhaps you might even take her for a refreshing drive in your curricle? While Flip is asleep, of course!”

Her laughter made Tally feel a fool, hanging over a sick man who didn’t really need her. Was she naïve? She mistrusted Mala, but perhaps the woman was right. She turned her anxious glance on Drogo, saw only concern, and told herself that Philip’s best friend must surely wish to do everything possible to speed his recovery. She smiled tentatively at Drogo, and said in her gentlest tones. “Do stay! I am sure you will want to help Philip.” She resolved to accept his invitation to drive out in his curricle and to use the time making him understand how important complete peace of mind was for Philip’s health.

As for Drogo, under the influence of his second full glass of Lord Ridd’s brandy he was rapidly convincing himself that he should accept an invitation which would give him access to the tempting little Tally. Just to keep her happy while Flip was hors de combat, of course! Nothing out of the way or underhanded!

He and Lady Ridd made it a point of courtesy that Tally should forsake her solitude and join the party at the dinner table. With this settled, the group in the drawing room broke up to go about its various affairs. Tally went up to sit with her husband, to permit Martin his rest time. To her mingled relief and regret, Philip was asleep. She stood beside his bed, staring down at the beloved face. His color was bad, and the lines of pain in his face made him look older. The lustrous hair was dulled. His countenance, in repose, lacked its youthful diablerie, the gaiety she loved.

“Oh, Philip!” mourned the girl, desperately unhappy at his illness and her own helplessness. So gladly would she have borne his pain! She must get him away from this grim house, where dark schemes and intentions seemed to move beneath the surface. Trembling suddenly, Tally drew her chair closer to Philip’s bed and huddled beside him, her eyes resting on the long lines of his big body with loving admiration. She closed her eyes and breathed a prayer. After a time she rose, went to the door, and locked it, then came back to the bed and took one limp, brown hand gently in hers. She sat down and prepared for her vigil.

During the long afternoon, the door was tried twice. Tally ignored the rattling knob. A few minutes after the second attempt, the inner door, connecting the sickroom to the bedroom Tally was using, was opened. Lady Mala appeared, a protesting Dora at her shoulder.

Tally’s challenging stare would have caused most intruders to retreat, but Mala was made of sterner stuff. “Why have you locked that door?” she demanded.

“Because Dr. Fletcher tells me my husband is not mending as quickly as he should. There is too much noise and bustle for a sick man,” Tally replied, keeping her voice down but rising to her feet to confront the other woman. She placed Philip’s hand gently on the cover. Turning to face Mala, she did not notice that Philip’s eyes had opened. Lady Mala did, however, and she said maliciously:

“Then perhaps you should try to restrain your transports of delight at the presence of Drogo Trevelyan? He’s just been telling me of the plans you two have made to amuse yourselves while poor Flip is bedridden—”

Tally gasped.

At the same moment a voice sounded behind her. “Is this true?” demanded Philip.

“Of course it is not!” Tally raged. For the first time in her life she wrangled to lie—gloried in it! She had hoped to drive out with Drogo and urge him to restrain himself in Philip’s sickroom. But she had enough worldly wisdom to know that if she ever admitted it, she might well alienate her husband, or make a drastic change in their relationship. She knew now that Philip was not as mature as she was—perhaps never would accept his responsibilities as fully as she could wish—but she loved him, adored him, and was not going to lose him to a creature like Mala Ridd! She turned to Philip, smiled at him, and said clearly:

“It’s plain that we will be better off in our own home, my darling! There is too much contention and . . . and backbiting in this place. Besides, the beds are damp. Not at all healthy for you, Philip. We shall leave for Sandron Place in the morning.” She turned regally on Lady Mala. “Good night, ma’am. I shall not trouble you further this evening.” She advanced upon the other woman, picking up the heavy pewter candlestick from Lord Philip’s bed table as she went. She was angry enough to hit the other woman with it if necessary, and that determination blazed in her eyes.

Mala Ridd had never encountered quite this much fury in another woman. Her usual weapons were a venomous tongue and a reliance upon her family’s position. It seemed that neither of these would work in the present situation. She backed up slowly.

Tally followed her across her own bedroom to the outer door. When her reluctant hostess had moved into the corridor, she closed and locked the door. Then she turned to the wide-eyed, admiring servant.

“You will not open that door unless I give you leave,” she said firmly. “We may have to stand siege, but we shall leave for Sandron Place the first thing tomorrow morning.”

“How will we get there?” asked the dazzled Dora.

“In Drogo’s curricle, if necessary,” Tally vowed.

That gave her an idea. “I shall go down to dinner and enlist Mr. Trevelyan to send a message to Ian McPherson,” she decided. “He can bring a dozen carriages if I need them!” Then, filled with hubris from her positive action in routing Mala, she swept back into her husband’s room to inform him of her decision.

She found him wide-awake and waiting.

“That was the finest attack I have ever seen mounted by a female,” said Lord Philip. “I trust you can carry out the logistics?”

“I shall carry them out,” Tally vowed. “I cannot let anything stop me from getting you safely home!”

“You want me there that badly?” teased her delighted spouse. This positive action was something like! It reassured a self-esteem which the last few days had sadly wounded.

“I want you,” Tally replied. “And I’m tired of fending off your former flirts!”

Lord Philip chuckled richly and felt better than he had in days.

In the event, there was no need for logistics or pewter candlesticks. Dr. Fletcher appeared at the door about six o’clock, elevated his bushy eyebrows slightly when he found it locked, and requested admission. He found Philip flushed but cheerful, in stout-enough heart to be moved if Milady felt it necessary.

“It is fortunate that my carriage is so well sprung,” he told Tally. I designed it with our intrepid, if idiotic, huntsmen in mind. There is even a shelf which goes across the seats to form an adequate support for a large, inert body! Now if Mr. Trevelyan, whom I noted in the drawing room as I came upstairs, will assist my coachman and myself, we can have you out of here within thirty minutes. Can you be ready?” he asked the invalid’s wife.

Tally’s delighted face was all the answer he needed.

While Dora hastily packed their few belongings, Tally hovered discreetly in the background while Drogo and the coachman were summoned. Milord was neatly bound onto the aforementioned shelf with a sheet, and the procession wended its way down the great stairway with the utmost care. Philip kept up a good front during this exercise, only swearing cheerfully at a particularly awkward turn in the stairs.

“Deuced inconvenient arrangement, this staircase!” he commented to the surprised and disapproving Lord Ridd, who had come out into the hallway to observe the retreat.

“Always thought so m’self,” he agreed gloomily. “Angle there is much too sharp. Fletcher tells me we’re larger men today than our ancestors. Could probably have got our great-grandfathers around that corner without trouble. Speaking of trouble, Sandron, Mala and her mama ain’t too pleased with this flight of yours!” He glared at the doctor. “You dragging him off to Sandron Place?”

“You are entertaining my patient far too well here at Ridd Hall, Milord,” Dr. Fletcher said smoothly. He must have complete quiet and no pampering!”

He led the way to his carriage, while behind him Lord Ridd was heard to mutter something about “encroaching medicos.” Lady Ridd and Mala did not appear to bid their invalid guest farewell.

Tally got her ride in Drogo’s curricle after all, as there was no room left after the shelf containing Philip was laid across two seats and the doctor wedged in beside him. Drogo remained out on the steps beside Tally until his groom appeared with the curricle. Drogo assisted Tally up on the high perch.

“You will remain here,” Drogo advised his servant. “I’ll be back as soon as I’ve seen his lordship safely settled. Do not permit the Ridds to wait dinner for me!” this last was pronounced with a grin which the groom echoed. Both men knew that the Ridd dinner hour was sacred; Drogo expected to be back in plenty of time. And if he were not, he was not much concerned. He rather anticipated watching Mala digest the fact that her prey—both birds!—had flown. Still, her worst transports of rage would probably be over before he returned. Grinning, he gave his high-stepping pair the office and set off down the driveway at a spanking pace, very conscious of the lovely girl crowded against him by the presence of her maid on the far side.

As for Tally, she hardly realized his presence, so filled with delight was she at the thought of having Philip alone in their own home.





Chapter 12



Arriving at Sandron Place, Dr. Fletcher was grimly pleased to discover that his patient had fainted from the pain caused by the jolting of even a well-sprung carriage. Grimly efficient, he superintended the transfer of his patient from the coach to his own bed; grimly still, he cautioned the apprehensive wife that she must expect a slight backset for Milord after these exertions. She nodded, her eyes anxiously fixed upon Lord Philip’s white face.

“At least this will keep the resty young devil quiet until his leg can heal,” he murmured.

Tally flashed him a grateful glance. “I do not know how to thank you!” she whispered. “That place—”

“The climate of Ridd Hall has never been particularly salubrious,” Fletcher said with a keen glance at Tally’s weary countenance. “Now, my prescription for you, ma’am, is bed at once—perhaps a posset, from Mrs. Tippet. Then at least twelve hours’ sleep.” He caught her expression of protest. “No, ma’am, I shall not permit you to watch over your husband tonight. Martin has come on the box with Tom Coachman, and he and I shall remain here until I am sure of Lord Philip’s condition. Now off with you!”

Tally, going reluctantly to the bedroom next door, where Mrs. Tippet and Dora were already setting out fresh night-gear for her and warming the bed, was prepared to slip back to Philip as soon as the doctor had left. For some reason she was feeling very tired, however, and after the posset which Mrs. Tippet quickly produced, her eyelids became so heavy that she agreed to be disrobed, hastily and rather sketchily washed, and tucked into the comfortable bed—“just for ten minutes, you understand!”

When next she opened her eyes, it was bright morning. One of the maids was nodding in a wing chair. As she opened her eyes, her door opened quietly and Mrs. Tippet appeared with a tray upon which steamed a fragrant cup of coffee. The housekeeper smiled reassuringly at Tally’s startled face.

“His lordship’s very well now, ma’am! Dr. Fletcher left just half an hour ago, and he seemed pleased with his lordship’s progress! Gave him a sedative and swears he’s good for several hours’ healing sleep.”She placed the tray across Tally’s knees and set two pillows behind her back. “Now, you are to eat every scrap of this breakfast, ma’am, so you will be strong enough to assist with Lord Philip’s nursing—and those are Dr. Fletcher’s orders!”

Tally smiled at the older woman’s emphatic pronouncement. “We are so fortunate to have you and Tippet, and Ian McPherson and Dora—all of you! I cannot think what Lord Philip or I would do without you.”

This pleased the good dame so much that she slipped quietly away without further scolding, leaving Tally to enjoy a delicious breakfast of country-cured ham, fresh eggs, and muffins running with freshly churned butter and strawberry jam. But before she began to eat, she slipped to the connecting door and peeped in upon her husband. He was comfortably sprawled in his own great bed, and Ian McPherson sat quietly beside him. He looked up and met Tally’s glance, and a slow, wide smile of remarkable sweetness curved his lips. “He is doing well,” those lips shaped silently.

Tally smiled, nodded, and closed the door softly

When she had eaten, she allowed Dora to help her dress in a cool-looking lavender mull with violet velvet ribbons. Feeling very much more the thing, she went down to the drawing room and summoned the Tippets for a council-of-war against Lord Philip’s injuries. “We must not,” she advised the attentive servants, “Take the slightest chance that Milord’s leg be disturbed or his peace of mind ruffled. He will wish to be sound for the hunting season.”

Tippet was much impressed by her ladyship’s sensible attitude. Neither blame nor fear marked her manner, although Dora had some pretty colorful stories to tell of the visit to Ridd Hall. The staff at Sandron Place had declared for the new mistress; her cause was theirs. Tippet watched carefully, and though she was pale her cause was theirs. Tippet watched carefully, and though she was pale, she neither trembled nor ranted. It was a pleasure to serve so well-controlled and purposeful a lady.

“I shall go now and watch beside his lordship’s bed for a while,” she was saying, “until he recovers consciousness and we can be assured that he has suffered no further injuries. Martin may come in to tend to his lordship later, when he is quite rested from his arduous watch at Ridd Hall. We must set up a rota, so one of us is in attendance at all times, and no one overtired.” She gave them her sweet smile. “We must not risk undoing Dr. Fletcher’s good work.”

The Tippets nodded sagely. Then Mrs. Tippet said, “Mr. Temple is in the dining room, ma’am, having breakfast with Ian McPherson. Should you wish to speak to either before resuming your vigil,” she added primly. It was exciting having the master ill, as long as his lady took charge so sensibly.

So it was that Philip awakened to comfort, easement of his pain, an orderly, cheerful household, and a loving and attentive wife. His every wish was catered to; he had only to ask, to receive. No mention was made of the fact that all his troubles stemmed from his irresponsible wager. For a time he was not aware that it was known to his household, including Tally, that he had lost his gift to her on a harebrained bet. The first thing he saw as he opened his eyes was the doting, tender look upon his Tally’s face. Then he realized that she was holding his hand in hers. She released it gently and rose to bring a small glass to his mouth. The aroma of his best brandy rose pleasantly to his nostrils and he drank without urging. Then Tally pulled the bell-rope at the head of the bed.

“Do not attempt to move, my dearest!” she begged. “Mrs. Tippet will have a fresh cup of tea for you within minutes, and Henri is positively palpitating to learn what tidbits will tempt your appetite. We must get you fit to ride again!”

Recalling his reprehensible bet, Lord Philip groaned. Alarmed, Tally had his hand again in a flash. “Are you in pain, my dearest?”

“I wagered your mare and lost her,” confessed Philip.

Tally permitted the gentlest smile to pull at her lips. “We can worry about little things tomorrow,” she whispered. “Today we must be thankful that I have you safely in my care, Philip!”

Feeling more cheerful, Philip now discovered that he lay comfortably naked in his own bed, his heavily splinted leg upon a pillow. The tea arriving at this moment, he found himself gently lifted until his head rested upon Tally’s breast, as she guided the well-sugared beverage to his lips. Then he was returned carefully to his former position, and a cool, sweetly scented cloth placed over his eyes.

“Rest now, beloved,” came Tally’s whisper. “I shall be here if you need me.” And so it went.

The next day he was feeling very much more the thing, and the memory of his reckless action returned to haunt him. He opened his eyes to see his beautiful wife watching him with loving concern.

“I lost the bet,” he said, as though no time had elapsed since their conversation the day before. “Your little mare! I should never have wagered her. I had intended teaching you to ride on her.”

“You will find me another,” Tally said equably, neglecting to inform him that Lady Mala had already sent a groom over to pick up Tally’s mare. “Dr. Fletcher assures me you will be fit to ride within six or eight weeks. So you will not miss all the hunting season, my dear!”

Philip frowned. It occurred to him that Tally must think his life a futile round of gaming and sport, with little of real value to show for it. That thought reminded him of the discoveries Jocelyn Temple had made in the library, and he asked about Tally’s progress in cataloging.

“I have not been working with papa since your accident, dearest. You must have all my attention! But I understand that there are several more valuable finds—if not of the spectacular nature of the first two, still very important. He is considering employing the rector’s son, down from Oxford for the long vacation and feeling bored, to assist him in the library while I am busy with you, Milord.”

“Is this young scholar as good-looking as his papa?” Philip asked with a smile. The rector was a very fine cleric, but his features were less than attractive.

Tally replied indifferently, “I really could not say, Milord. I am too much engaged with a certain handsome man to notice the comings and goings of a callow youth!”

Quite reassured, Milord gave his hearty approval to the scheme of hiring an assistant to his librarian.

In the next few days, while Tally and Dr. Fletcher maintained their quarantine over the patient, things went very well. Visitors called and were received by Lady Sandron with great charm and even greater firmness against their visiting the sick man. So, persuasively did Tally manage Philip’s friends and acquaintances that most of them departed feeling that they had materially aided in his recovery by not seeing him. There was one visitor whom Tally welcomed with open arms and even a few tears, however.

Miss Megan O’More settled in at Sandron Place as though she had been born there. The servants liked her; Jocelyn found her unexpectedly pleasant company, and knowledgeable about literary figures because of her wide reading. Ian McPherson respected her shrewd practical judgment. She made Philip laugh. Tally adored her. For a week or two, life flowed on a full tide of healing and contentment.

But then Philip became bored and restless. He began to wonder aloud where all his friends had got to—did no one care whether he lived or died? Where was that devil Drogo? It was a deuced shabby thing, Lord Philip opined, if a man’s best friend deserted him! Tally was at her wit’s end.

So the ban upon visitors was lifted, and a steady stream of elegant ladies and hearty squires paraded up the great stairway and into Lord Philip’s bedroom.

By this time, Dr. Fletcher allowed Martin to carry Milord to his chair by the window for the two hours daily during which guests were permitted to pay their respects. Tally remained very much in the background, and occasionally Miss O’More would take her place to be sure none of Lord Philip’s visitors tired or disturbed him. Even the Ridds were subjected to this unobtrusive monitoring, to their great disgust.

And then Drogo arrived, all crisp cold air and bustle, with the loudly avowed intention of “rousting this lazy malingerer out of his fusty retreat if he had to carry him!”

Philip, surfeited on a diet of county bigwigs, hailed him with delight and immediately began to bombard him with questions about mutual acquaintances in town. Noting their laughing faces, and the increasingly lewd trend of their comments, Tally quietly withdrew.

The two men did not even notice her departure.





When she went downstairs to order lunch served to Milord and his friend, she found a sober Ian McPherson waiting for her in the hallway. Tally knew at once that her husband’s estate agent had questions that needed authoritative answers; nothing had been done since Philip’s accident; the new projects, so eagerly discussed, were quite in abeyance. So she asked the agent to come into the drawing room and explain his needs to her.

“Perhaps it would be better if I talked to the laird himself,” Ian said a little stiffly.

A little embarrassed at the memory of the two Corinthians exchanging their salted jests in the room upstairs, Tally said slowly. “His lordship is conversing with Mr. Trevelyan. I do not think he will wish to discuss estate mattes just now.”

Ian’s face flushed darkly. “If ever he does!” he growled and turned to go.

“Please wait, Mr. McPherson!” called Tally.

The Scotsman hesitated, turned, and frowned at her. “Yes, Milady?” he responded grudgingly.

“I believe it is our duty—yours and mine—to get the repairs and new construction, at least, in hand. I shall authorize that you go ahead with everything we discussed.”

Ian studied her serious expression. “Ye ha’ the laird’s per-r—mission, ma’am?”

“I have,” Tally said.

‘I’ll need to consult wi’ someone from time to time,” Ian told her. He did not seem convinced that she had the power she claimed.

“You will consult with me, of course. His lordship is not yet well enough to take on such duties. We are his deputies,” she finished with her sweet smile.

“If ye think ye’ve the time, Milady,” agreed the man happily.

Oh, I’ve the time, thought Tally. No one needs me here! The servants have Megan; Father has young Colin Lodell; Philip has Drogo and half the county besides. Even John and Mary have their governess, and the grooms to teach them to ride. She was in such a morass of self-pity that she hardly realized Ian McPherson was bidding her a grateful farewell with thanks for her support. Drogo, coming out of Philip’s room to search for her, heard the rather emotional leavetaking and his eyebrows lifted. A light of mischief glinted in his eyes. It would seem that the little Tally was playing right into his hands! The thought excited him deeply.

He had decided to visit his friend Flip at just this time for a very special reason. He did not, as a general rule, subscribe to the practice of sickroom calls, but he had had a visit from Lady Mala Ridd just two days ago. That angry woman had come posthaste up to London after Tally had removed Philip from Ridd Hall so high-handedly.

Mala had not often been frustrated in her adult life. She was a strong, if selfish, personality, and with plenty of money and an excellent social position, she was usually able to secure whatever she wanted. Philip Sandron had been her most glaring failure. He had never been impressed by any of her most compelling attributes and of late had acquired a nasty habit of brushing aside her more urgent demands upon him, even though they were presented as a natural outcome of old friendship.

Her rage at his marriage had been smoldering deeply. When chance, and Philip’s reprehensible wager, had put him in her power, she had anticipated an easy victory over his scruples. Injured, and in her very house! And with a reputation for taking whatever he wanted from any female of his choice. Alas, it had not worked as she hoped. The upstart wife had wormed her way in and established herself as the guardian and dragon of the wounded man. It became impossible to snatch even one intimate moment with the patient.

When—final insult!—the wretched little wife had spirited Flip away to his own home, with the connivance of that idiot Fletcher, Mala determined to take action. She could not believe that Flip would long prefer his milk and water bride to his old friend, a gentlewoman, an excellent hostess, and a bruising rider to hounds. So she hied herself up to London and caught Drogo Trevelyan in his bachelor quarters.

He was only moderately pleased to see her, having heard ad nauseam her spate of complaints against Tally Sandron. But as she disclosed her plan he began to grow interested. For the little Tally, piquant and provocative as an independent maiden who had definitely not been angling for Philip, had become a dazzlingly seductive woman whom love had ripened into something a dashing Corinthian such as himself seldom had the luck to encounter.

In short, Drogo wanted an affair with his best friend’s wife.

He was forced to admit that Tally had given him no encouragement at all, unless one counted the unconscious allure of her fascinating sweetness and infectious gaiety. She was such a joyful girl, thought the hardened man-about-town as he eyed the coldly beautiful face of Mala Ridd disparagingly. Perhaps Tally was not such a classically flawless beauty as The Ridd, but her seductively rounded little body proclaimed her intense femininity, her big brown eyes were soft and warm enough to drown a man, and her golden hair crowned an attractive little face which kept insinuating itself into Drogo’s memory at the most inconvenient times. Like the present.

Mala was glaring at him. “What’s the matter with you, Drogo? You haven’t heard a word I’ve been saying! I tell you we’ve got to get that wretched female out of Sandron Place before she secures her position with a couple of brats—Flip’s brats!”

Drogo had had enough of her hard-voiced arrogance. “You must admit you haven’t been very successful against her,” he said coldly.

Mala gasped at his insolence. “Nor have you been successful with her, in spite of your boasts that you never fail in the hunt!”

“Then perhaps we should bring up the reserves, since you and I seem to have failed,” suggested Drogo, a curious smile twisting his lips.

“What reserves?” Mala snapped, liking neither his implication nor the idea of another woman after Flip.

“Well, I must admit my journeys down into darkest Devonshire have not exactly produced the results I had hoped for. But there are at least two males living within Flip’s very household who might serve our purpose.”

“Which males?”

“Young Colin Lodell, the rector’s son down from Oxford, who is assisting old Temple in the library; and, of course, the ubiquitous and burly Scot, Ian McPherson.”

Mala began to smile. “McPherson! Do you tell me the wench has her eye on the brawny estate agent? Wait till I tell Flip!”

“Since you have just admitted that you cannot handle this matter with the finesse it requires, I beg you will let me do so,” said Drogo repressively. “For one thing, the girl has eyes for no one but Flip at the moment. About McPherson I’m not so sure. He keeps his own counsel very well, but I did detect a certain something in his expression one day when I encountered them together. I think he’s a better bet than the rector’s son. Besides, he’s permanently in residence at Sandron Place. He has his own cottage, but he’s a free of the house.” He grinned. “I know how to sow a few seeds of distrust in Flip’s mind over that stalwart! The poor devil goes out of his mind with jealousy over anyone who so much as smiles at Tally.”

Mala gritted her teeth. “How can he? Has the little slut bewitched him? What has she got?”

“She adores him. She cares more for him than for anything else in the world.” Drogo replied grimly. “No man can resist that—especially if it is offered with charm, tenderness, and an enchanting laugh.”

“How will you get her to turn her charms upon McPherson?”

Drogo shrugged. “I won’t attempt to. I shall merely . . . ah . . . mention to Flip that I’ve seen them laughing together; that she goes for long trips alone with him around the estate, that— Oh, you know the sort of thing!” He seemed faintly uncomfortable.

Mala grinned maliciously. “Playing the role of intelligencer?”

“If he truly loves her he won’t believe me.”

“His best friend?” gibed Mala. “I’m sure an accomplished seducer like yourself can play the role of reluctant informer well enough to deceive Philip Sandron!”

“You wish me to leave matters as they are?’ the man challenged brutally. “I thought you wanted an affair with Flip. He’ll never marry you, you know. When we’ve disillusioned him about Tally, he’ll fight shy of any formal pledges for the rest of his life! You’d better accept it, Mala.”

The conspirators faced one another without pleasure. Then the woman said discontentedly. “Why don’t you get on with your tales about the Scotsman, then? Since it’s all you can propose.”

Drogo smiled at her sardonically. “Oh, I’ve an ace up my sleeve, dear lady! It’s worked before, and it may again.”

“What is it?” Mala showed renewed interest.

Drogo shook his head. “I’m not about to tell you or anyone else my stratagem!”

“D’you want me to come down to the village?” prodded Mala.

Drogo shrugged. “If you come, I shall expect you to show no surprise at what will be going on—and no jealousy or female counterattacks. And that, my dear Mala, is an order! I refuse to have my plans ruined by your intransigence.”

Catching the ruthless light in the man’s eyes, Mala promised not to interfere.

And now he was here, at Sandron Place, and already he had amused Flip and stimulated his curiosity. For one thing, Drogo had grinningly refused to accept Flip’s hospitality. Of course his friend immediately demanded the reason.

Widening the devilish smile, Drogo said wickedly, “I’ve a—a special friend with me at the inn, me bucko, and I’m not letting you get a glimpse of her until—well, for a week or two!”

Flip, amused and piqued, demanded to know the name of the fair charmer.

Still grinning, Drogo shook his head. “And have you sending billet-doux to her at the inn, and enticing her away from me with your manly beauty and charm?” he teased. “I’m more than seven!”

“But I’m helpless upon my sickbed!” protested Philip from the great chair where he was ensconced by the window. He made a pitiful face. “It would comfort the weary hours if I had some . . . uh . . . fresh new face to look at!”

Drogo appeared to give the matter some thought. “Well, I might—I say, just might—bring the lady to call upon you tomorrow. That is, if you are not too much engaged in picking up the reins of your estate? . . .”

“Oh, Ian does that very well,” Philip said lightly. “In fact, he is forever at me about someone’s wretched roof or a road whose surface is so bad that travelers disappear, never to be seen again!” Both men laughed, and then Drogo said casually, “I saw your agent in close conversation with Lady Sandron as I came in. I am sure they can handle all the really serious problems between them. They appeared to be in excellent accord!”

Philip frowned and sent his friend a searching look. “The man would be better about his business than bothering Tally with his complaints,” he said, quite unfairly.

“Oh, she didn’t seem too worried,” Drogo assured him. “In fact, they were enjoying a comfortable coze, and McPherson was assuring Tally that he was hers to command.”

Philip’s frown deepened, but neither gentleman referred to the matter again that day.





Chapter 13



Although Tally had not been present at the visit of Drogo Trevelyan, she soon felt the repercussions. Philip was moody and sharp with her as she brought up his afternoon tea and prepared to share it with him.

“Why must you act like a servant in your own house?” he snapped. “Do I not provide you with enough assistance? Or is that you in fact prefer to deal with the lower classes?”

This arrogant attack quite confounded Tally, whose greatest problem to that moment had been to fend off the admiring and devoted servants long enough to give her some time with her invalid lord. In fact, she had debated bring John and Mary up to share the tea hour with Lord Philip but had reluctantly kissed their little faces good-bye and come by herself. Her visits with Philip were so precious to her, and she had less of him than she had expected when she got him back to their own home. Martin must do all the valeting; Henri prepared tempting dishes for his master; Megan sat with him; Jocelyn dropped into his room occasionally for a brief but interesting chat. So little time when they two could be alone together, sharing the sweet intimacy which Philip’s accident had so strongly curtailed!

Resolutely she refused to let his waspish speech upset her. As she poured his tea just he liked it, Tally said pleasantly, “Dr. Fletcher tells us you are coming along famously! You will be able to ride with the hunt even sooner than he expected. And perhaps there will be other activities in which you might engage? . . .” And she dared a naughty smile at her lowering husband.

She almost won him back to cheerfulness. But Lord Philip was bored, and weary of the pain and restraint of his broken leg, and jealous of the rapport which Drogo insinuated existed between his wife and his agent. So he continued gloomy and irritable; his tea was too hot and the toasted muffins too cold; he wished for honey rather than the jam Mrs. Tippet had provided; and why hadn’t she included the plum cake which was his favorite? Tally was fast losing patience with such a tetchy attitude when he dropped his bomb.

“Drogo is bringing me a special visitor tomorrow,” he began casually enough.

“That’s nice,” offered Tally, sipping her own tea—now, alas, too cool. “Who is he, do you know?”

“It is a she,” said Philip, grinning like a naughty child.

Tally felt a slow anger. She knew how uncomfortable Philip had found his rigid confinement to his room. She understood that prolonged experience of pain can change one’s personality. Still, she felt that Philip was behaving badly. Surely a grown man could command his own moods and control his temper better than her husband was doing? He was giving everyone a most uncomfortable time! And now this—this adolescent behavior! He and Drogo were acting like two philandering youths. Perhaps Drogo, a bachelor, had the right to play at being Lothario. Philip did not. And Tally found that she very deeply resented a show of amorous interest in any woman other than herself. So it was with small charity that she said:

“Drogo told you he was bringing a woman here? Who is she?”

“The Contessa Monteleone,” recited Philip with an Italian accent and a wide grin.

Tally was not sure what she was to think of this. Something in Philip’s conscious, mocking smile hinted that the Italian countess might be other than she seemed. But Philip wouldn’t, surely? . . .

“Shall Megan and I serve tea to them in the drawing room, or would you prefer to entertain them up here?” she asked calmly.

Philip was disappointed in her response. “Oh, I shall not trouble you to offer hospitality to the lady,” he said. “Martin can bring us a drink here.”

He was watching Tally closely as he spoke. Her clear, direct, and unsmiling gaze daunted him a little. He tried for a cover-up. “You do not like the idea, my dear?”

“I would always wish to offer the hospitality of this house to any guest of yours, Milord,” she said and walked from the room.

Philip did not know whether to be elated or depressed by the effects of his little ploy. As the day drew on, however, the latter emotion was found to be dominant. He began to blame Tally for acting like a puritan and spoiling his little joke. Also in his mind was a growing fear of what Megan O’More would say if Drogo’s guest were a dasher, or worse. Falling into a belated sleep, his last thought was a regret that he’d risen so easily to Drogo’s teasing joke . . . if it had been a joke. . . .

* * *



After a rather frank discussion with Megan, Tally decided to be absent from Sandron Place on the arrival of this particular visitor. Megan was quietly furious, her lips pressed tightly to prevent an angry tirade. What the deuce was Flip thinking of, to play off his silly tricks on this darling girl? As for Drogo, Megan thought she knew him well enough to understand his little game. She hoped it was a foolish lark rather than a malicious trick. She had always loved both young men, having spent a good deal of time with them when they were children, but her affection did not blind her to their faults. Shrewdly she decided that the introduction of an unknown fair one was aimed in some way at Tally. Then the first step to thwart the mischief would be to get the girl out of the way of it. So she agreed heartily with Tally’s suggestion, and even proposed that she accompany Ian McPherson to the Robinsons’ cottage at the far end of the estate.

“Mrs. Robinson was here earlier this morning, when you were out riding with John and Mary, and practically begged me to present the case of her roof to Lord Philip.”

“Her roof?”

“She says it is a veritable sieve! She also says she has been pestering McPherson for two months, ever since the last rain.” She chuckled. “Poor Ian! It is no wonder the muscles of his jaw are so prominent, what with all the clenching of it he must have to do. I should greatly dislike being the agent for so caperwitted a landlord as Flip.”

Tally brooded on this as she made her way to the muniment room, where at this time of day Ian McPherson was usually to be found, meticulously noting down whatever business needed to be recorded. He was there and received her offer to accompany him to the Robinsons’ cottage with relief.

“It is so difficult to put them off,” he confessed, “when the veriest nodcock could see the r-r-roof’s in need of r-r-repair-r-r!”

Tally forebore to smile at his rolling r’s. He was a good man, a dedicated and competent worker—better, she thought angrily, than careless Philip deserved. And how galling for a man of integrity to have to make endless excuses for so casual a master! Ian was speaking again, a little garrulous (for him!) in his relief.

“There’s also a matter of the roads and lanes on the estate itself, ma’am,” he said. “The main road in from the highway isna sae bad; the former Lord Sandron had it resurfaced often—he didn’t like being jolted in his carriage! But the access ways and byroads are a disgr-r-race, ma’am. Every time it rains, the wheels go down to China!”

For some reason this set Tally to chuckling, and after a tense moment, Ian reluctantly joined her.

“I know it’s no laughing matter,” she said in a moment, “but you’ve a tr-r-renchant tur-r-r-n of phr-r-rase, McPher-r-rson!”

The man stared into her laughing face and felt his heart thud in his chest. Fiercely he reminded himself who she was—and who he was. Lord Philip was a supremely fortunate man, Ian thought dourly. It was to be hoped that he knew the worth of his lovely wife!

“Let us be on our way, then,” said Tally gaily. “I shall just bid the children adieu and inform Papa where I am going—” She broke off with another chuckle at the look on Ian’s face. “Yes, I know what you would say! My father will bid me a gentle farewell, express his wishes for the success of our mission—and forget everything about us within two minutes!”

Ian grinned. “ ’Tis a gr-r-rand scholar he is, any-roads!”

Megan O’More observed their departure in the modest estate gig; she thought they made a handsome pair and wished it were Philip seated beside his wife. Then, sighing, she went to visit with John and Mary.

Everyone, from Lord Philip to the smallest stable boy, was by now devoted to the charming little pair. Everyone took pride in their progress, which was impressive, in everything from equitation to education. Mary spoke more fluently and intelligently; John delighted Jocelyn Temple with his sincere interest in learning. Both children loved horses and were becoming competent and secure in the saddle. Seat and hands could not be bettered, swore the head groom. Norris, who had taken them under his protective wing. Their governess, Margaret McLeod, constantly sang their praises. The children blossomed under so much loving attention, but no traces of willfulness marred their behavior. No one could get a word out of them concerning their life before the Baggses had them for sale. Mr. Temple suggested that no probing be done; in time, John at least might be able to tell them something.

While Megan was visiting with the children, Tally was being introduced to the tenants of her husband’s estate. Mrs. Robinson, impressed by her ladyship’s interest, carefully pointed out the numerous holes in the roof of the one-story cottage, and then offered a glass of her parsnip wine to the visitors. Tally accepted with a quiet grace which endeared her to the estate agent as much as to the gratified housewife. Taking their leave, Tally asked Ian to assure the good woman that her repairs would be put in hand at once.

With a keen glance at his employer’s wife, Ian made the promise.

Tally understood his concern. “Bring me the documents. I shall sign for the money to be paid out.”

“That is good,” said Ian soberly. “And now, like a canny Scot, I shall strike while I have an iron! Will you look at the access ways and roads between the farms, the mill, the smithy, and the village itself? All of them in vile condition!”

“Do you think this gig is stout enough to weather such a swamp?” Tally laughed. They drove away, with Mrs. Robinson waving and beaming. Milord’s new wife might look like a girl, but she seemed to have a shrewd and caring head on her shoulders. The farmer’s wife put away her parsnip wine after a wee nip to celebrate the new roof.





It was fairly late in the afternoon before the estate gig returned to Sandron Place. Tally’s first sight of the entrance revealed a natty curricle she had cause to remember. So Drogo Trevelyan and his Italian countess were still with Philip! Setting her soft lips rather firmly, Tally made her good-byes to Ian, accepted his grateful thanks, and went up to the bedroom she had occupied since Philip’s accident. There Dora was waiting for her, obviously interested in her excursion with the estate agent. While she helped Tally change into a pretty primrose afternoon gown and brushed her golden curls, Dora related that Mr. Trevelyan and a very sweet-smelling, expensive-looking lady had come to call upon his lordship two hours ago. Martin, she confided, had been sent down twice for drinks, the second time told to stay away until summoned.

“Lord Philip is much improved in health” was Tally’s only comment. “I shall join him for a few minutes, to welcome his guests.”

Dora watched her pretty little lady leave the room, and felt a vague, nameless sadness at the look on her lovely face.

Tally hesitated just outside Philip’s door. There was a burst of male laughter and the high, faintly strident voice of a woman. Opening the door, Tally walked in.

Drogo was the first to notice her. He rose gracefully from the armchair where he had been lounging, glass in hand, and made a slight bow. But Tally’s eyes were on the big bed, in which Philip was reclining against several pillows, his face flushed and his hair tumbled. Seated near him on the bedside was a strikingly beautiful woman, very voluptuously gowned to reveal her considerable charms. It was at once evident that whatever the lady was, she was not a countess. Her voice, while melodic, was pitched too loud and strong for a sick man’s bedroom—or, indeed, for any normal social gathering. She was wearing a good deal of maquillage, most skillfully applied but rather flamboyant for an afternoon visit in the country. More like an actress preparing for her stage appearance, thought Tally, and her eyes left Philip’s startled face to center upon Drogo.

Trevelyan noted the enquiring little lift of her eyebrow, and the absence of a smile on the soft, pink lips. For a moment he could not speak as he met the clear, enquiring gaze. He felt an odd sense of betrayal, which he quickly dismissed. He had never before experienced a friendship with any woman and did not exactly understand his feelings. Placing the glass on a side table, he bowed again to Tally and then extended his hand to the woman on the bed. “Tally, you must let me present Philip’s guest, Contessa Monteleone. Beatrice, this is Lady Sandron.”

Soft brown eyes met hard blue ones in a flashing glance.

“Benvenuta, Contessa,” said Tally pleasantly, offering her hand. “Sono molto lièto di fare la sua conoscènza!”

The “contessa’s” jaw dropped. She looked quickly at Drogo, her eyebrows signaling all too clearly that the simple greeting in Italian made no sense to her at all.

Drogo’s lips twisted in a rueful grin. Damn the little Tally! She’d countered his ploy very neatly, turning the trick back on him. Now there would be embarrassing explanations and Flip would side with his wife.

But Tally was not vindictive. In fact, she uttered her delightful chuckle of laughter and took the other woman’s limp hand in hers for a brief press of welcome. “You must not let this jokester put you out of countenance, ma’am! I’ll venture this was some scheme to liven Lord Philip’s boring conversations, was it not? Was the joke to be upon me, or my husband?”

The other woman’s tense body softened in relief, and she gave Tally a rather bitter smile. “I think I was to entertain his lordship and . . . uh . . . bamboozle you, Milady. I was not told you spoke Italian!”

The atmosphere became much easier; even Drogo was forced to smile as Tally said demurely, “If he had known, I am sure Mr. Trevelyan would have called you a beyim, hoping I spoke no Turkish!”

Philip’s laugh rang out, but there was a shade of resentment in the look he cast at his old friend. He held out his hand imperiously toward his wife. “Come and have a glass of sherry with us, my dear. Then Drogo shall tell us the real identity of his Contessa. Unless she fooled him, too!”

Tally went to him, bent, and kissed him sweetly on his mouth, and then recoiled a little at the blast of whiskey-laden breath she encountered. Lovingly she scanned the too red face, and with one gentle hand she smoothed back the tumbled dark hair. He endured her ministrations with a complacent expression which made Drogo want to kick him. The latter’s heart hardened: It would be a positive service to Tally to show her the attentive devotion of a more mature lover.

Acting upon this overpowering impulse, Drogo came behind Tally and, putting his hands at her wrist, moved her slightly away from the bed. “I’ll get you a sherry if you wish—or would you prefer tea?” He pulled the cord beside Philip’s bed.

“Tea, I think,” decided Tally, “And you ma’am? Will you join me in a cup?”

It was plain that the fun had quite gone out of the afternoon as far as Drogo’s colorful ladybird was concerned. She sent a cross, demanding look at her employer. Drogo, looking at Tally, missed it completely, but Philip caught it.

“May I know just who you are?” he asked, in the lazily teasing tones which Tally loved when they were directed toward herself.

“I am Minette du Shay,” she began, and then, catching Tally’s smile,” Maggie Smith. I am one of Drury Lane’s new actresses. I have just joined the company.”

“You will go far—” said Tally, to be interrupted by Drogo.

“As long as you stick to your script!”

This made them all laugh. Tally said, “I one worked for Mr. Vandeleur, of the Palace Theater, as coach and costumer. Do you know the company?”

Maggie Smith’s nervous grimace widened into a real smile. “I know Ponty Hamner. He did a wonderful Antony in a shabby performance of Julius Caesar. And there’s Dorinda—that cat!—and of course Vandy! You worked with them, Lady Sandron?”

“For a few weeks, while I was visiting in London. I found it very . . . educational,” Tally said. “As well as challenging, interesting, and very tiring indeed!”

Since this exactly paralleled Miss Smith’s own experience in the theater, she was able to feel much more at home with her beautiful hostess. Tally was so gentle and so friendly that the actress almost forgot that she had been paid to come and cast out lures to the injured nobleman who was this pleasant lady’s husband. And when she was reminded of it by the too casual questions thrown out by Lord Philip, and the wicked grins of her employer, Mr. Trevelyan, she felt a sense of resentment toward the latter that he had tried to play such a trick on his friend. She took shame to herself for aiding and abetting him.

Philip, who was annoyed at the ease with which he had fallen for Drogo’s ploy, said crossly, “Who doesn’t someone ring for Tippet?”

Drogo did so. Then, to lighten the moment, he said to Tally, “How many tongues do you speak? Not Turkish, surely?”

“Not Italian, either,” admitted Tally. “That greeting was required by Maestro Venizi of every dance student at Miss Enderby’s.”

Tippet entered the room before anyone had time to comment. Drogo demanded a whiskey. Catching Tippet’s affronted look, Philip told the disapproving Tippet to bring tea for her ladyship and Miss Smith.

The butler gave these requests the courtesy of a slight nod, and then turned to his mistress. “At what time do you wish dinner to be served, Milady? And will you and Mr. Trevelyan be eating downstairs? And . . . Madame, of course.” His glance at the actress was less than encouraging. Fine doings for Sandron Place! it seemed to say. We did not entertain questionable females in the house in Lord Percival’s time. And what Miss O’More will say! . . .

All this and more was plain to read on Tippet’s countenance. Philip laughed harshly. “You may serve at eight. I shall come down. Miss Smith and Mr. Trevelyan will join us for dinner.”

There was a little silence, and then Tally said gently, “In that case, Tippet will show you both to rooms where you can refresh yourselves.” She nodded to the butler, who led the two guests silently from the master’s bedroom.

When they were gone, Tally went directly to the dressing room and soaked a cloth in cold water. Then she came to the bed and washed Philip’s face firmly, drying it on a soft towel.

“Now I shall comb your hair, and then send Martin to you to help you dress. I would suggest one of Dr. Fletcher’s soothing draughts, and perhaps half an hour’s rest, before the exertions of going downstairs for a long dinner.”

Philip was staring at her, rather pale of face. “I am tired,” he admitted, “and, I suspect, a little drunk. Damn Drogo! He is up to something. Bringing that—that female here, foisting her off on me as an Italian noblewoman. I wish I had kicked them both out!”

“I think you did the wiser thing to accept his hoax so cheerfully. It is no fun for the trickster when his joke is discovered too soon.” She was brushing his hair gently as she spoke. The soothing movement of the brush, so rhythmically applied, was having a most soporific effect upon his lordship. His tired eyes closed; his expression softened; his breath became regular and shallow. When Martin poked his head in the doorway fifteen minutes later, Milord was sound asleep, his bedcover smooth, the window open to freshen the close air. And Lady Sandron sat quietly near her lord, watching him with an inscrutable look on her lovely face.

When she saw Martin, she rose, placing one finger on her lips. As she moved toward him, he backed into the corridor and waited for her there. She closed the door gently behind her.

“He is asleep now, Martin. I hope he will remain so for several hours. It would be unwise, after such a busy afternoon, for him to come downstairs for dinner. However, you must remain with him, with fresh clothing laid out, so that he may see, if he awakens, that you are ready to help him dress. We would not wish,” she added softly, “to discourage him.”

“I have the potion Tippet asked for,” said Martin, wishing he had a wife who cared as much for his self-esteem as Milady did for Milord’s.

Tally nodded. “Keep it ready. If he only stirs but does not completely awaken, try to get him to sip it. It will put him to sleep for the rest of the night. I shall dress and return to sit with Lord Philip while you eat your dinner.”

By the time dinner was served, Philip was still sleeping soundly. Tally gave silent thanks as she came down to the dining room, leaving Martin on guard. Megan O’More met her in the drawing room. None of the others was present. Tally explained as quickly as she could. Megan’s lips tightened.

“How dare Drogo bring some lightskirt to this house as a guest?” she snapped. “You tell me they are staying to dinner? It is too much! A first step away from tradition! I cannot like it.”

“Better to make no fuss, don’t you think? It was Philip who extended the invitation,” Tally soothed. “Besides, we are the only ones to witness the step. You know Papa! He will either greet her warmly, thinking she is a new acquaintance of ours, or he will be in such a dream of old volumes that we shall scarcely get a word out of him all evening!”

Not much mollified, Megan waited for the reprehensible Drogo with a stern face. Fortunately, Jocelyn Temple saved the day—or the dinner party. He had just been reading a folio which contained a play written and performed in the seventeenth century. When informed by Drogo that Miss Smith was an actress, he was delighted to know her, and quizzed her almost all the way through dinner about theater “asides” and stage directions. In fact, he was quite prepared to drag her off to the library after dinner, to show her his find. Drogo, however, had noted Tally’s pale cheeks and anxious look and took shame to himself at his thoughtless trick. As soon as the ladies left the table he, too, rose and announced that his curricle would be around almost immediately to take him and his companion back to the inn. Jocelyn protested, but the acquiescent, even thankful, agreement of the rest of the party sent Drogo away with a rueful smile and a silent lady on his arm.

Tally spent the night on Philip’s bed. She carefully disposed herself, on the side opposite his broken leg, with several pillows sitting bodkin between their bodies. She had expected to be wakeful, but instead she drifted quickly into sleep. It felt so right and comfortable, sharing her husband’s bed again!

She was awakened by a kiss and a tantalizing stroking of her breast. She opened her eyes and found Philip’s beloved dark face above hers, laughing.

“So you could not endure to be away from me!” he said triumphantly. “Good morning, Madame Wife!” And he kissed her again.

“It is easily seen you are much restored.” Tally smiled. “I have missed you about the place.”

Philip lay back upon his pillows with a laughing groan. “Oh, I shall come downstairs today, perhaps walk a little in the grounds. I shall need someone to lean upon, however.”

“I am glad you are able to be taking a tour of inspection. The arbors have been sadly neglected.”

Philip rang to have breakfast served to them in bed. This was done quickly, with a flourish. Dora’s delighted face made Tally very conscious that the servants were celebrating her return to her proper position. Chuckling, she went quickly into the dressing room to wash her face and comb her hair before returning to bed.

Martin was just leaving, having freshened his master for the meal. Breakfast was the happiest feast Tally had enjoyed for weeks. They were just finishing the last of the fresh fruits on their trays when Mrs. Tippet brought in a note for Lady Sandron.

Lord Philip raised a dark eyebrow. “Billet-doux, my dear?”

Tally opened it quickly.

It was from Ian McPherson and enclosed a draft to be signed to cover the expenses in repairing the roads and the Robinsons’ roof. Very conscious of her husband’s eyes upon her, Tally wished that Ian had been a little less prompt in carrying out his duties.

“Who is your correspondent, my dear?” prodded Philip.

Tally flashed him a pert smile. “It is a secret. Since it concerns a certain wager we have, milord!”

The word “wager” erased the smile from Philip’s lips. He was reminded immediately of his own disastrous bet. Frowning, he asked, “Has that bitch Mala collected your mare?”

Tally was forced to admit that she had, indeed, done so.

“Not wasting any time, was she?” the man brooded, then said decisively. “I’ll get you another at once and continue your schooling. I want you out with the hunt.”

She held on to her composure. “Philip, I am not sure I shall be ready. Those high fences—”

“Running shy?” teased Philip.

Already nervous over Ian’s letter and the furore it might cause, she was also, she admitted, afraid to ride in the hunt with men and women who had been thrown up into the saddle almost before they could walk. She said bravely, “I am not ready for such a challenge, Philip. I am doing my best, but it has just been weeks!”

Philip moved restlessly. He wanted her beside him, yet he was aware that she really had not the skills needed for the bruising runs over rough country. Reluctantly he released the image of her galloping along beside him, her golden curls flying, her face alight with excitement. His eyes fell to the note on her tray. The bold black strokes caught his attention.

“You say your correspondence deals with our wager? And which was that?”

“As if we had so many,” scoffed Tally. “I know better than to wager with such an accomplished gamester as yourself, Milord!” Then she realized that had not been the most soothing thing to have said in view of the loss of her mare to Mala.

Philip was not amused either. He considered her reply with a frown. “You can’t mean your absurd proposal to work with McPherson on estate matters?”

“That is the one,” Tally agreed with a cheerful face.

Philip’s frown deepened. “Then your letter is from McPherson?”

“I can conceal nothing from you.” Tally laughed.

When she saw the hardening of his countenance at this remark, Tally wondered despairingly what had happened to her usually sensible tongue. Must she say everything in just such a way as to annoy him? She said honestly, “While you were busy with Drogo and Miss Smith yesterday, I took the opportunity of riding out to look at the roof which is leaking so badly, and then went on to inspect the roads. They will be so much improved with immediate attention—before the rains turn them into a morass.”

Philip had fastened upon a phrase early in her explanation. “ ‘Busy with Miss Smith’? You were jealous of my visitor?”

“I was anxious to win my wager,” Tally insisted solemnly.

Lord Philip lay back against his pillows, his well-cut mouth set in stubborn lines. “I think I shall not permit you to junket about the county with my agent,” he said loftily.

Tally set her jaw. Maddening man! “We have a wager,” she said.

“I am certain you will not wish to proceed with it in the face of my disapproval,” he retorted more sharply.

“I do not back out of a wager, Milord! Do you wish to withdraw?”

They were both suddenly very angry; the tensions of the past weeks seemed to have kindled into a blazing conflict. “Why should you wish to concern yourself over such a trifle as a farmer’s roof?” snapped Philip. “Or is it Ian McPherson who’s the attraction?”

“The Robinsons’ roof leaks like a sieve,” Tally snapped back. “And I should think you would be ashamed to let your neighbors seen the wretched state your roads have gotten into!”

Philip leaped at once to the heart of the matter. “McPherson’s crazy for you! I can smell it on him!”

Tally’s eyes opened wide with shock. “How can you say such a thing! Ian has never indicated by so much as a word—”

Philip interrupted furiously. “But Ian looks at you as though he could eat you! I won’t have him sniffing around my wife!” He had worked himself into a fine, illogical passion. “I’ll warn him off today!”

“You insult me and Mr. McPherson,” raged Tally. “If you dare to mention one word of this to him or anyone else, I will—”

“You will what, Madame?” asked Lord Philip, suddenly very cold.

Tally stared with dismay into his set, cold face. This could not be her Philip looking at her as though he hated her! His eyes were glittering with challenge, and his lips had curled into a sneer. Tally drew an unsteady breath.

“You’ll do what?” Lord Phillip repeated aggressively.

“I shall go away,” said Tally quietly, her huge brown eyes dark with distress. Philip heard these words from his Tally with a shock equal to her own. For just a moment he stared into her face; then his angry pride took control again.

“Go, then—whenever you wish!” He surged up out of the bed, hurt his tender leg, set his teeth, and snarled, “Be damned to you and all females!”

By this time Tally was already opening the connecting door between the two bedrooms. As she was closing it, Philip hurled a final blow.

“Expect me when you see me!” He was pulling at the bell-rope as though he wished to tear it from the wall.

Tally closed her door.

She threw herself on the lonely bed and wept for several minutes. Then she got up, washed her face, and rang for Dora to help her to dress. When she was ready, she went to visit John and Mary in the nursery. Both bright heads were bent over papers on their small table: John was writing something and Mary crayoned busily. Miss McLeod smiled but lifted a wary eyebrow.

“Better not to disturb them at their work,” she mouthed silently.

Tally withdrew.

Then she went down to offer her help to Jocelyn in the library. She knew she would have to come to terms with the situation, but her heart was too sore to bear thinking about it now. Perhaps she might lose herself in hard work, both physical and mental, and later, when her mind was more composed, she might find a solution.

Jocelyn was pleased to see her and delighted to have help. He set her to work at once, pulling down a section of dusty books, arranging them according to subject, and then author, and listing titles and authors on a sheet of paper. Tally fell to work thankfully. They worked well together. There were questions, answers, comments, the occasional shared appreciation of a rare or interesting volume. Tally set to grimly, without her usual bright smile.

Jocelyn finally became aware of her mood. After glancing at her searchingly several times, he said mildly, “We are well launched into our project here, Tally. Perhaps you should spend a little more time with Philip.”

This was acid on a wound. Tally stared around at the enormous, book-lined room. “There is too much work for any one person here, Father!” she protested.

“I have been in correspondence with a bibliophile in London about our rare finds and some of the more interesting old books in Philip’s collection,” he told her. “Mr. Bolton is very keen to examine them. Philip has given me permission to invite Bolton for a fortnight. Together, he and I can go far in discovery and cataloging.”

Tally nodded drearily. Philip didn’t want her. The children didn’t need her. And now Jocelyn had found expert help elsewhere. It seemed that Ian McPherson was the only person who did have some use for Tally Temple . . . Sandron! she reminded herself with a quiver of superstitious fear. Yet if she continued to work with Ian, Philip’s anger could lead him to make reprisals against her, and certainly against Ian. It was a cheerless picture. Still, some positive action must be taken.

Tally went to the muniment room, where Ian might be found. Fortunately he was bent over the desk, working with a plan of the roads, byways, and lanes on the estate. He stood up quickly as Tally entered, the smile on his face so warm that alarm bells rang at once in the girl’s mind. Not Ian! Drogo she believed she could deal with, warding off his advances with laughter, knowing as well as he did that it was a wicked little game he sought to play. But Ian McPherson was a good man, sincere and quite without guile. He must not be hurt by the selfish tricks and tantrums of two indulged, willful, selfish Corinthians!

She accepted the chair he was offering and looked up into his delighted countenance. “I have come to sign the drafts, Ian, and I wish you to estimate generously for all the work immediately called for. I may not be able to sign another.”

Ian’s face became shuttered. “Not, Milady? May I know why? If it is anything I have done—”

“You know it is not,” said Tally. “It seems Lord Philip is not happy at my presumption in attempting to take over man’s work.”

Ian, who would have concurred heartily in any such attitude a week earlier, was no desolate at the idea of being without the lady’s help. He stared at her downcast face intently. “Milord has expressed a wish? . . .”

“A command,” said Tally forlornly.

“I see.” Ian continued to watch the small, sweet face. An unpleasant idea struck him. “Does he—does Milord suggest I have not behaved with propriety?” he asked sternly.

Tally smiled up into the man’s face. “Oh, Ian, of course he’s displeased that I should prefer to be with you rather than attending upon him,” she said gently. It was perhaps reprehensible of her to discuss her husband with one of his employees, but it seemed most important to her that this good man should not be hurt unjustly.

“Lord Philip wishes me to continue with the work in hand?” Ian asked, glancing at the signed draft.

“Certainly.” Tally was resolved to fight for Mrs. Robinson’s roof; and surely she could persuade Philip of the need for decent roads!

“Very well, Milady, I shall begin upon the Robinsons’ roof today, and get estimates for the road building as soon as I’ve finished these plans. You see”—he bent over the table and pointed at the maps he had been studying—“if we took the road across this wasteland, it would form a much better access to several farms and void that marshy stretch— But of course this can have no interest to Your Ladyship,” he finished with a little embarrassment.

Tally made haste to contradict him. I think I see what you mean,” she said, peering over the map. “It is an excellent idea! I cannot understand why it was not done ages ago!”

“The English are a tradition-ridden people,” said Ian, grinning. If they build a road in a poor place, for want of proper investigation, then they will cleave to it through mud and ruts, satisfied that is must be the best of all possible routes because their great-grandfather chose it! Hidebound, the English!”

Tally chuckled with him.





Tally learned at luncheon that his lordship had gone out in his curricle—against the advice of Martin, Tippet, and every other one of Milord’s servants who had chanced to behold this flagrant flouting of good sense—presumably headed for the village and the inn where Drogo was staying. At least he had taken a dourly disapproving Abbent, who grimly insisted upon driving the mettlesome team, and who had been heard, as the curricle disappeared down the driveway, lecturing his master in harsh tones.

“Did Lord Philip say . . .” faltered Tally.

“His lordship will not be returning for lunch,” Tippet informed her. Then his reproachful countenance assumed an anxious, almost pleading expression. “It is very bad for his healing leg, ma’am! Dr. Fletcher will be so angry that we let him go!”

“None of us could stop his lordship if he wished to go,” said Tally sadly. “We must only hope no serious harm will be done.”

It was late in the afternoon before the worried household saw Lord Philip again. Tea had been brought and trifled with by Megan and Tally. The children had been brought down, more to assuage the alarm they were feeling than as a special treat. In their cheerful pleasure at the unexpected festivity, they succeeded in diverting the two ladies’ minds from their urgent concern, and the hour passed pleasantly. Even Jocelyn joined them for a cup of tea.

It was into this domestic scene that Lord Philip limped, his expression a meld of pain and obstinacy. “I see I have not been missed,” he said childishly. “What are you celebrating?”

“Would you like tea, Philip?” Tally asked, smiling too brightly.

Lord Philip made a sound of disgust.

“I shall go and lie down,” he said coldly. “Martin may attend me.”

The nurse was already standing behind his lordship, while Tippet carefully removed the coat and took his modish beaver and gloves. As the butler finished his task, Martin stepped silently forward and offered his arm. In equal silence, Philip took it. Slowly they climbed the stairs.

Within the hour, Martin was able to give Tally a reassuring account of his lordship’s progress. The leg was paining Milord severely, he reported, but otherwise Lord Philip seemed in good health, for he had ordered a substantial meal to be brought when he rang. Meanwhile, he would rest on the bed with his foot up.

Tally breathed a sigh of relief and thanked Martin for his care and concern. She was in a quandary: Should she wait to be summoned to Philip’s bedside, or should she go at once, as every beat of her heart was urging her, to comfort her obstinate, willful darling? Her heart won, and she slipped quietly up to the door of their bedroom.

Opening it softly, she saw that Philip was asleep, his leg carefully cushioned, his face pale and lined, his dark hair atumble on the white pillowcase. She came toward the bed silently and stood staring down at him, love and anxiety in her eyes.

Philip opened his eyes and read her expression easily. He had been waiting eagerly, hoping his Tally would not be able to resist making sure of his comfort by a personal visit. Now she was here, his dearest wish was that she cradle him to her breast as she had once done in the coach. It was a comfort he needed very much at this moment, but he was too awkward at that sort of relationship with a woman to know how to ask. So he stared up at her intently.

Tally was at first intimidated by that steady regard and his failure to speak. And then she became aware of a sort of silent appeal in the gray eyes. With a little gasp of relief and joy, she came to Philip and took him in her arms.

The man sighed and nestled his head against her breast as he had dreamed of doing. She was such a darling, his Tally. He knew he had been jealous without cause, felt it in every loving stroke of her hands as she pushed the hair from his forehead; knew it deliciously as her lips found his in a series of gentle kisses which began at his forehead, moved to his eyelids, and ended on his mouth. Throwing an arm over her shoulder possessively, he pulled her head close and kissed her passionately.

It was a long time before Milord rang for his dinner.





Chapter 14



The next two weeks went very well. Philip’s leg grew steadily stronger. Jocelyn and Mr. Bolton made great strides in their cataloging of Milord’s splendid library, calling to each other in delight as one or the other encountered a new treasure, and quite regularly forgetting to come to meals unless sent for.

Megan O’More was also obviously enjoying herself. She played with the children, who were flowering under so much loving attention from so many adults. Megan also got keen pleasure from discussing pedagogical methods with Miss McLeod, a witty and well-educated woman. Megan realized long cozes with Tally, for whom she felt a special affinity. Perhaps best of all, she liked the sparkling arguments about the relative merits of ancient authors which she carried on every night at table with Jocelyn and Mr. Bolton. Philip was much struck with his great-aunt’s pleasure in the visit and suggested to Tally that they urge Miss O’More to make her home with them permanently.

As for Tally, she found the company most acceptable. The children were a constant joy to her. John seemed completely fearless, accepting every challenge offered. Mary’s sweetness charmed everyone. Her vocabulary increased daily; in fact, she was prattling on during all her waking hours in her soft little voice, not seeming toned or desire an answer.

Tally surveyed her little kingdom with deep gratitude. Every member of the household seemed happy and in good health. Philip was very attentive, behaving with an ardency that quite captivated Tally. She wondered why she had worried. During those gold-hued autumn days she spent every possible minute with her handsome, dashing husband.

He insisted upon teaching her to ride. Tally found his autocratic, impatient manner of instruction very different from the steady, quiet tutoring of Abbent. She tried very hard, but she was a latecomer to horsemanship, and when, two days before the first meet of the hunt, Philip urged her to “throw her heart over” a hedge, she reined in, shaking with nerves.

“I cannot,” she confessed. “I keep thinking about the stone wall, and the death of Erin, and your accident, Philip!”

Her husband frowned heavily. “I am trying to get you ready to join the hunt. We have only two days left. I had thought to teach you to jump. I do not wish you to disgrace me.”

It was the wrong thing to say. Tally drew her small figure up in the saddle, stared at his flushed, petulant face, and turned her mare back toward the stables.

Philip let her go.





Two days later Tally was awakened very early by the sounds of loud voices and the neighing of horses. Stumbling to the window that faced on the driveway, she was granted the pleasure of observing Philip and Drogo, elegant in hunting gear, cantering down the road. She had a flash of fear for their safety, since she knew they had sat drinking far into the night. Philip had invited Drogo to dinner—without Miss Smith, happily—and the two friends spent the whole time talking of past great hunts, and specially amusing or tragic incidents that had made them memorable. This talk naturally frightened Tally, and she had excused herself early from the table. The eyes of both Philip and Drogo had followed her from the room, but neither of them had urged her to stay. Philip had not come to bed that night.

And now they were off for a long day. Tally sent her lips and resolved that she would not spare a single thought for either of them. In pursuance of this sensible decision, she dressed herself, attended the children’s breakfast in the nursery, poured tea for her father and Mr. Bolton (still lingering in the fascinating library), and then went to the muniment room in search of Ian McPherson.

Tally was not quite sure of her own motives in this last action. She told herself that since the hunting season was likely to keep Philip away from home during the daylight hours, she might just as well have an interesting project of her own. Besides, she needed to be assured that the repairs were proceeding as she and Ian had planned. If there was a touch of pique in her attitude, she was not going to admit it. Philip might find her cowardice disgusting; Ian McPherson at least admired her brains and her moral courage. Or if he did not, she would make him! For she knew as well as Ian did that Lord Philip would be very displeased indeed to find her once again consorting with his estate agent.

As it chanced, the agent was busy in the room, not out upon his business on the estate. Hardly knowing whether to be relieved or apprehensive, Tally greeted him warmly and asked whether he could find a use for idle hands.

Ian’s warmly welcoming smile soothed her wounded pride. “I do hope you are not comparing me with the devil, Milady,” he joked. “Who finds work for idle hands to do,” he explained in response to her uncomprehending glance. He had risen at her entrance, and stood now, rubbing his hands with pleasure at her appearance. “As it happens, Lady Sandron, I was just about to embark upon a particularly gratifying journey, to inspect the Robinsons’ new roof. I am sure you will wish to see for yourself, and receive the good woman’s thanks in person!”

“Oh, no,” pleaded Tally. “I could not face another glass of parsnip wine!”

“I am afraid you will have to.” Ian chuckled. “Noblesse oblige, you know. Rank imposes its obligations. Even if they are parsnip wine!” He was so deviously delighted with her offer to help him that Tally found herself basking in the warmth of his admiration. Philip had been so cold, so distant, since she had ridden away from him in the field! So now she paused only to get her bonnet and reticule and inform Tippet of her destination before proceeding to the front steps, where Ian waited with the very neat estate gig.

When he had handed her in and made sure of her comfort, Ian mounted and took the reins from the stable boy. He drove off down the curving drive smartly, his hands held correctly and his broad shoulders well squared. Tally hid a smile; he was so transparently proud to be with her, and hopeful to impress her with his style! They found no dearth of interesting subjects to converse upon, since both were truly devoted to Milord’s estate and the good health of his lands. Ian halted the gig at one point to indicate the stretch of wasteland over which his proposed new road would go.

The surface was rocky and barren, with low shrubs, but without any heavy timber which would require cutting and hauling to clear a way for the road. The ground was dry, hard and relatively level. Among men looking for arable land, it was valueless; but as a base for a smooth, well-drained roadway it could hardly be bettered, thought Tally with rising excitement.

She asked Ian to help her to mount the wooden seat of the gig so that she might stand up and view the lie of the adjacent country. Smiling indulgently, as to an attractive child, he agreed, and even held one of her hands to steady her when she was standing up on the seat.

Tally stared around her with a sense of discovery.

“See, Ian! A carriageway built from here could join the present road again, where it curves up to pass through that gap in the hills. They could avoid that marshy hollow entirely! It is by far the better way to go, Ian. Why has not someone seen it before now?”

She pointed to the present road, winding through timber down to a heavy marshland below the hill. “They must have known that area would be a morass after every rain.” She waved her hand toward the swampy ground, losing her balance as she did.

Ian caught her and lifted her down to safety on the seat of the gig, laughing as he did so.

And at the very moment of her overbalancing and Ian’s rescue, a small red animal flashed past the gig and into the barren land, a single rider broke from the trees behind them and thundered across the road after it—and they received a startled and then triumphantly malicious stare from the rider.

It was Lady Mala Ridd. She was followed by a dozen other riders, all galloping full out. As they flashed past the gig, Tally was horrified to note Philip and Drogo, as well as Lord Ridd. Every member of the hunt had a very good view indeed of the tableau in the estate gig.

Tally hoped that in their furious haste they had not identified her and her companion, but it was a forlorn expectation. What a vicious turn of fate that the hunt should be led across this particular road—and at just the moment when Tally had been rescued from her impetuously attained perch by Milord’s agent!

She turned to look at Ian. His anxious expression told her that he understood to a nicety the perils of her position . . . and his own. His solemn, open countenance assured her that her welfare was his chief concern.

“Do you wish to return to Sandron Place now, Milady?” he asked.

Tally gathered her composure. “No,” she said quietly. “I wish to see the new roof.”

Ian drove on, in silence now.

Tally recalled with embarrassment the picture she must have presented to the hunt: Lady Sandron, little more than a bride, laughing and caught up in the arms of her new husband’s estate agent! She held up her head in an unconscious gesture of pride. She need not accept blame for an indiscretion she had not committed. Even if her jaunt with Ian McPherson was not as circumspect as might be approved by high sticklers, her fall had been an accident. She had done nothing of which she need be ashamed.

Mrs. Robinson’s gratitude and delight went far to restore the tone of her mind; Farmer Robinson’s inarticulate thanks completed her cure. It was with a lighter heart—and a small bottle of the parsnip wine—that Tally was driven back to Sandron Place.

“I shall be in London for several days, Milady, arranging for a pr-r-rofessional man to instruct me in road repairing,” Ian said a little unhappily as he escorted her down from the gig and up to the front door. “I believe that recruiting local labor is an excellent plan, and we have some willing workers who will be pleased to have the money, but the plans and knowledge of pr-r-roper-r pr-r-rocedur-r-re must come from men skilled in such building.” He was uncomfortable, Tally realized, that he would have to leave her alone to face whatever recriminations Lord Philip chose to hurl at his wife. If she had given even a hint, Tally felt sure Ian would have offered to remain to assist her.

She smiled gently. “Bon voyage, Ian McPherson! Consult the experts, bring one back with you if that would be helpful. Do you need cash for the business?”

“Thank you, no, Milady,” he replied quietly. “The draft you signed was simple for these first steps. I—I wish you a pleasant day, Milady.”

Tally got away before Ian was able to further expose his concern for her. Going quietly to her room, she bathed and changed without Dora’s assistance. She needed a quiet time to recruit her powers before the confrontation with Philip.

In the event, Lord Philip did not return to Sandron Place until well after midnight. Tally presented a serene front before Megan, her father, and the servants. Mr. Bolton was preparing to leave the following morning and was eagerly accepting Jocelyn and Tally’s offer to return within a few months and continue the fascinating work. Megan, too, was a little regretful to see him go, since his quick, scholarly mind had whetted hers to new insights. So, in spite of the absence of their host, the meal was a pleasant one.

Tally and Megan left the two men to their wine and retired to the drawing room. Megan eyed the girl’s lovely evening gown with knowing eyes.

“What a shame Philip didn’t see you in that dress tonight! You must wear it tomorrow night.”

“If he is present then,” Tally said heavily.

“You think he might not be?” countered Megan. “These huntsmen are a selfish, inconsiderate lot, but they must return to their homes eventually, after the celebration of the day’s triumphs is completed! Believe me, Tally,” she continued when the girl failed to respond to her gentle challenge, “that Philip is at this moment downing ‘one last one’ in honor of some fellow member’s brilliant skill in pursuing and capturing a small, defenseless creature who wished only to be left to live its life as nature planned!”

“He saw me today with Ian McPherson,” Tally confessed. “We were riding in the gig, and McPherson was showing me the site for the new road. I was standing up on the seat, to see better. I fell, and just as Ian caught me, Mala Ridd came bursting across the road.”

Megan stared at her in dismay. “She is a witch! A venomous creature—but I had not credited her with actual powers for evil!”

Tally gave a small, rueful smile. “I suppose we might say that if I had been behaving discreetly and had not insisted upon seeing the new roof on the Robinsons’ cottage, Mala could never have come upon me in that compromising position.”

Megan looked dazed. “Robinson? But their cottage is nowhere near the wasteland—”

“Ian is very anxious to get that new road built, and the old ones repaired, before the heavy rains set in,” Tally reminded her. “He is off to London early tomorrow to consult the experts.”

“Thank God for that,” Megan said devoutly. “At least he won’t be rushing to your defense and infuriating Philip even more than the sight of you already has!” She stared at the girl’s lovely, pensive face and then said rallyingly, “He’ll have drunk himself under the table tonight, and wherever he’s dined, the host will keep him safe till morning, be sure of it! And by the time he gets home, between his sore head and his sore leg, he’ll have forgotten all about Ian McPherson.”

Joining in her laughter, Tally hoped it would be so. She retired early, unable to maintain her falsely serene manner any longer under Megan’s sympathetic eyes. When she was finally in bed in Philip’s room—which had once been securely hers as well!—Tally left one shaded lamp burning safely out of reach on a highboy and prepared for a long, lonely night. She was awakened from a light doze by a stumbling footstep, a muffled curse, and the jolt of a heavy body across the foot of the bed. She sat up, staring at her husband.

He was obviously very drunk indeed, and her heart contracted at the idea of him riding home on a mettlesome horse in that state. His neckcloth hung awry, and his jacket was unbuttoned. His face was flushed and his eyes fever-bright under heavy lids. But it was the horrid object he was brandishing in one fist which drew her shocked attention. It was the brush, or tail, of a fox, which Tally knew was sometimes awarded to an especially skillful huntsman. Both the sight and the idea of it disgusted her, and she drew back from the loving welcome she had intended offering her errant spouse.

He observed her withdrawal without quite understanding the reason for it. Dropping the brush on the foot of the bed, he lurched over and sat down beside her. He reeked of liquor, sweat, and horse; Tally’s nose wrinkled involuntarily with distaste. Her greeting lacked warmth. In fact, it was as close to nagging as Tally had ever come.

“Am I to suppose you have been hunting in the dark?”

Philip reacted at once to the unfamiliar note of criticism in her voice. “Not for a fox, no. But there were a couple of handsome vixens at the dinner afterward! I warned you you should have come with me!” He reached down to the brush, lifted it, and thrust it at her. “I brought you my prize.”

Tally scrambled hastily away from the bloody, malodorous thing, scuttling out of the other side of the bed. Philip laughed uproariously, then fell back on the bed and, after a few muttered phrases, dropped into a drunken sleep.

Tally pulled off his boots, put out the light, and went into the bedroom next door. She turned the key in the lock behind her.





Chapter 15



It was ten o’clock the following morning before Lord Philip awakened. Martin reported to an anxious Tally that his master was in a very irascible mood indeed, refusing food, angry that he had not been roused for the day’s hunt, and generally making himself a vexation. (In the servant’s hall, Martin had confided that his lordship was “carryin’ on like a bloody nuisance.”) Since the servants who had had to bring up his breakfast could testify to the truth ot that remark, Tippet did not reprove Martin, who was considered to be—if only he could stand buff—Milord’s next valet, and therefore only superseded by the Tippets in the servants’ own hierarchy.

Tally was sufficiently distressed to consult her father about her best course of conduct. “For you are a man, Papa, and will be able to advise me as to whether I should invade the bedroom of a man who is badly foxed.”

“ ‘Foxed’?” mused her papa, ever the philologist.

“Father, do not, I beg you, go into one of your analyses of the origins of words!” pleaded Tally. “My case is desperate!”

“There are so many fascinating cant words to express the state of drunkenness,” her father began, but then he became aware of his Tally’s determined little smile, which was trembling at the moment, and her anguished brown eyes. “I truly believe, my dear,” he said gently, “that perhaps you should go to Philip with a settling draught—I am sure Tippet knows a recipe, if Martin does not—coax him to drink it, and then tell him you are abandoning the scheme or wager or whatever it was to work with McPherson. The agent will understand and agree, I am sure. Ian McPherson is a sensible man.”

Tally, accepting this male wisdom, went back out to the main hallway, her mind filled with regret for the outlawed project, in which she had taken a great deal of interest; remorse for the blow she must deal Ian’s sensibilities; and a little anger at Philip’s childish behavior. Why could he not be the one her father might justly term “a sensible man”?

In the hall she encountered Drogo, splendid in hunting pink, come to enquire why Philip had missed the call.

Tally did not feel in charity with Philip’s best friend. It seemed that every time he approached them he caused mischief. The girl was not sure he did it deliberately. It did not strike Tally as likely that a man’s best friend would try to make trouble between him and his wife. Still . . .

“He has had a bad night,” she said rather shortly. “He is dressing now, I believe.”

Drogo came closer and put a hand on her arm. “I am so sorry for you, Tally,” he said softly. “To be subject to Flip’s bad temper? But he is always so when he has been overindulging. I tried to send him home earlier last night, but after old Lady Ridd went off to bed things got a little hectic. Mala started a contest to see who could drink the most brandy, and your husband won. And then he had to kiss every lady in the party!”

“No wonder he is sick today,” snapped Tally.

Drogo had caught a hint of movement beyond the top of the great stairway. He stepped forward quickly and took Tally into his arms. “I think you deserve a kiss or two yourself, pretty Tally,” he whispered. “Flip had all he wanted last night—and more than kisses, too!” And he bent his golden head and kissed her hard on the lips.

Two things happened at once.

A hoarse cry of rage sounded from the head of the stairs and Tally pushed away from Drogo’s light clasp and slapped his face so hard that his head snapped sideways. She had still not seen Philip, but her glorious eyes blazed fury at Drogo as she said loudly:

“You will never touch me in that way again, Drogo, or I will tell Philip what a noble friend he has!”

“Bravo!” came a mocking voice from just above their heads. “You resolve a difficulty for me, my dear.” Philip strolled down to stand near them, his gray eyes narrowed with the anger his voice concealed. “This little scene answers my question.”

For once in his successful career as a rake, Drogo Trevelyan lost his composure. His hand went to his cheek, where the imprint of Tally’s small palm was clearly delineated. “What question?” he said, trying to recoup his losses. “Your wife and I were just consoling each other for your dalliance last night. You spent most of it making love to Maggie Smith and Lady Corinna—if you remember.” He cocked one blond eyebrow at the astounded Philip.

“What question?” Tally asked grimly. She was not sure she wanted to know, but since Philip and Drogo seemed determined to wash their dirty linen at this moment, perhaps she might be given a chance to explain her own behavior on the road the day before. Suddenly it occurred to Tally that Drogo’s accusations of Philip might be ones such as Mala would have made against her—in other words malicious fiction built upon some comparatively harmless actions. She turned on Philip the smile that made his senses reel. “I am sure you provided a fabulous evening for all the ladies lucky enough to taste your kisses, Milord! I have cause to know how intoxicating they are!”

Both Philip and Drogo stared at her open-mouthed. Surely no human woman could respond to Drogo’s provocation with such sweet ingenuousness? Such a devastating lack of jealousy? It was hard to tell which of the two men were the more bewildered. Tally observed their astonishment, and a smile tugged at the corners of her pretty mouth. She only hoped Philip would not decide she was trying to butter him up so he wouldn’t ask about the incident on the road with Ian McPherson! For the moment, that seemed to be the last thing on his mind. He turned to look at Drogo.

“You were asking me about the question I said you’d answered? When I saw you embracing my wife a few minutes ago, I was undecided as to which of you had initiated the action, and whether you both were enjoying the experience. Then, my impulsive young libertine”—his face assumed the smug complacence Drogo round so annoying—“I observed the resounding thwack my wife gave you for your efforts. And don’t tell me she saw me there and did it for effect! She was facing the other way. You saw me, you treacherous dog! And played your part very convincingly—had it not been for Tally’s riposte, I might have believed her playing me false! Now what are you up to, you . . . villain?” It was clear that Philip was restraining himself, monitoring his language because of Tally’s presence.

Drogo did not look ashamed of his behavior. A slow, dark flush had colored his cheeks, and his blue eyes fixed themselves on the girl’s face.

“She’s too good for you, Sandron,” he said harshly. “You play your games with Lady Corinna, and Maggie, and others, yet you rage when Mala tells you she saw Tally in McPherson’s arms in the gig!”

As a method of soothing the irate husband, it was a total loss. Philip’s countenance took on a darker hue, and he glared at his friend and Tally. “She might have been paying me back in my own coin by appearing with Ian on a road I’d be sure to pass. . . .” he said.

Drogo laughed tauntingly. “You are saying Tally trained the fox to run in just that direction?”

Tally had had enough. “I shall leave you two . . . gentlemen . . . to finish your charming little debate in private,” she said serenely. “Milord, I am glad to see you up and about again. Do you plan to join the hunt today?”

Philip smiled grimly at her innocence. “No, I think not, my dear wife. I shall wish to consult with you in our room as soon as Drogo has left us.” And he glared at the big blond Corinthian.

Drogo accepted his dismissal wryly. Bowing to them both, he turned and strode from the hall out into the autumn sunlight, which obligingly haloed his golden hair in a quite undeserved nimbus.

“He is a handsome devil, is he not?” Philip asked too casually.

“He is a spoiled child, trying to make mischief,” retorted Tally, her brown eyes stormy.

Philip took her arm quite painfully and led her up to their room, where he thrust her inside, followed, and slammed the door. Tally faced him. She had an urgent, weary need to settle this business of Philip’s jealousy. Was it true what many people had said, that jealousy cannot be cured? Was she to walk softly all her days, humble, loving, excusing? Looking at the big, handsome man in front of her, loving every inch of his virile body and delighting in his agile, clever mind, she wished that she knew the way to release him from is childish attitudes. Grow up, Philip! she cried silently. It was such a waste to see her husband acting in destructive ways!

Philip was regarding her pale face moodily. “Now, my lady wife, you will tell me exactly what you were doing yesterday, allowing McPherson to—to cuddle you!”

Tally could not help a small gurgle of laughter at that cottage phrase. “I insisted—perhaps unwisely—on standing up on the seat of the gig to get a clear idea of the lie of the land,” she explained. “I overbalanced at the unexpected sight and sound of the hunt and would have fallen very awkwardly had not Mr. McPherson caught me and lowered me to the seat. I am afraid I laughed at the ridiculous picture I must have presented, and Mr. McPherson politely laughed with me.”

“That isn’t the tale Mala tells,” Philip objected stubbornly.

Tally had had enough. “Then you must decide whether you believe your own wife, who adores you, or that—that vicious bitch who is in league with Drogo to ruin our marriage!” She turned away and walked over to the window.

Philip decided to change his tactics. He really believed his wife’s account of the incident on the road, but he was unwilling to let go of it as a grievance. Now he said to her in the wheedling tones that had served him successfully with other women of his acquaintance, “I have seen very little of you lately, my dear.”

Tally was not bammed. “You have been out with Drogo and your other friends. And yesterday you were with the hunt. You know I cannot join you in that activity.”

Philip kept his voice soft and coaxing. “I had this picture of you in my mind, dressed in a dashing riding habit, flying through the fields with me, your golden curls tossing! I could even hear your little gurgle of pleasure as you rode the course with me.”

Tally’s loving heart weakened within her. Did he really see her thus, as companion as well as lover? Then surely she must try harder to be the friend he needed! She turned to agree with him—and caught the self-satisfied smile with which he was observing the success of his coaxing.

“It is all a game with you, is it not? A series of little skirmishes to control and best me in my dealings with you. What are you wishful to prove, Milord? You know already that I adore you—but this endless baiting of me is breaking my heart!” She would have said more, and Philip, startled at her reaction, was hurrying into speech when the door was roughly thrown open and a distraught Mrs. Tippet greeted them with the news that Miss O’More and Dora and two other servants were in their beds with some sort of sickness.

“Has Dr. Fletcher been sent for?” snapped Philip.

“Yes, Your Lordship! That’s when we found some of the stable boys were sick—and Abbent, too, Lord Philip!”

Philip cursed under his breath. Abbent, his groom, was closer to him in many ways than even Drogo. “What does the sickness seem to be?” he asked, more gently as he noted Mrs. Tippet’s pale face and shaking hands.

The good dame dissolved into tears. Tally moved forward swiftly and took her into tender arms. While she was soothing the frightened woman, Philip made his way quickly down to Megan’s room. That plucky elderly lady, game to the backbone, was sitting up in her bed; she was shivering in spite of extra quilts, yet her hand, when Philip took it, was burning hot.

“Megan, my dear, you must promise me that you will lie very quietly until Dr. Fletcher has been to see you, and that you will obey every command he gives you! Martin has been trained by the doctor as a sick-nurse, and he will help the maids to care for you properly. Now, promise me! No gallant descents upon the household! You will only spread the wretched infection,” he ended with a wicked smile.

Megan submitted to his orders as she had done all his maturity. She loved her great-nephew as dearly as she had ever loved anyone, and to see him taking charge in this way was so gratifying that she merely smiled and agreed.

Much relieved by this initial success, Philip went out into the corridor to consult with Tippet, only to find a nervous maid leading the housekeeper to the servants’ quarters. It seemed that Mrs. Tippet had also succumbed to the infection, whatever it was.

Dr. Fletcher was soon able to tell them. It was the influenza, brought into England from Europe many years earlier, by way of travelers to Italy returning to their homeland. It had become an occasional epidemic and was to be treated as such. Which meant that as few persons as possible should be in contact with the afflicted ones. Tally at once volunteered as head nurse, and Philip as quickly scotched the idea.

“Martin shall head up our nursing staff, under the guidance of Dr. Fletcher,” he decreed. “You may help him to train the healthiest maids to take care of the women who are sick, and Martin will train the male staff to look after our menservants.” He pursed his lips. “I believe it might be simpler if we placed all the sick men in one large room, for easier handling, and the women—except for Megan—in another.”

Dr. Fletcher looked at him with respect. “An excellent idea, Milord! That way the nursing will be made much simpler. The fewer persons required to be in contact with the sick ones, the fewer take the risk of catching it themselves. A capital idea, sir!”

Lord Philip seemed a little surprised that he should be getting such unrestrained praise from one whom he had often characterized as an old curmudgeon; but he blinked and smiled pleasantly before going off to find tippet and organize the two sickwards.

Within a remarkably short space of time, the victims were resting as comfortably as possible upon trundle beds and couches, and Martin was explaining the drill to the flattered “nurses.” Before going to Megan, Tally had a careful talk with Dr. Fletcher and made sure all the staff was aware of the nature and hazards of the infection. Then she went into the library, where Jocelyn was discovered perched very high upon a slim ladder. Tally’s heart caught and then pounded heavily. She was afraid to call out to her father, lest he absentmindedly step down onto a floor eighteen feet below him. Moving slowly forward, she took hold of the sides of the ladder and mounted a few rungs.

That slight trembling of the wood was enough to gain the scholar’s attention, and Tally called out, low-voiced, “Father! Do not move!”

Jocelyn was perched upon the very top, wide board of the ladder. Cradling his book on his lap, he peered down at Tally. “Is something wrong, my dear?” he enquired mildly. “Do you wish to join me up here among the treasures? I’ve discovered books which have neither been moved nor dusted since the house was built!” He shook the volume he was holding, and a fine cloud of dust filtered down.

“Father,” Tally said grimly, “we are in the midst of a major crisis. Dr. Fletcher diagnoses influenza, and half the staff are stricken, in addition to Megan and Mrs. Tippet. I do beg of you to come down slowly to the floor, for I cannot think what I shall do if you fall and are added to the list of invalids!”

Her voice rose and broke over the last words. Jocelyn peered down at her, startled by the distress in her usually serene manner. So as not to exacerbate her further, he climbed down very cautiously and took her in his arms when he reached the floor.

“Now you must tell me exactly how I can be of the most help,” he told her. “Have you the situation in hand?”

“Philip has taken charge,” said Tally, and explained her husband’s disposition of their forces. Jocelyn approved and again offered to help.

“If you will just continue with your work here, Papa? That way I shall feel you are out of the way of infection. I shall see that your meals are brought in, and you are reminded to eat them.” She patted his shoulder with a loving smile.

The old scholar grumbled a little but soon gave way to what he recognized as Tally’s wisdom. This freed the girl to run up to Megan’s room, where she was shocked at the inroads the disease had made upon the older lady. Soothing her gently, bathing her, and remaking her bed took time. Megan did not wish to eat anything.

“I am so hot, and cold, and my head is bursting, and my very bones ache!” this mournful wail was so unlike the cheerful, brave little old lady that Tally was deeply worried as she went downstairs to join Lord Philip in the breakfast room for a nuncheon.

He was waiting for her by the window that looked out upon a charming prospect of smooth lawn and autumn-colored trees. He turned as she entered and gave her an intent and searching glance.

“How is she?”

“Quite ill,” answered Tally, her voice just a little unsteady.

“My poor child, this is too much for you,” Philip said, leading her like a child to her place at the table and seating himself beside her.

Tally shook her head. “There is so little we can do, Philip! If only we knew more! I forced her to drink some lemonade, and it seemed to soothe her dry throat a little. Then I set young Dilya to washing her face with cool water and keeping cold clothes upon her forehead to ease the fever. She is burning up, Philip, yet she shivers as though she stood in a cold draught!” She sobbed once, hard, and then set her lips firmly.

This unexpected weakness of his cool and competent little wife shook Philip’s composure. He had waited for her in order to bolster his own uncertainties; she was apparently not aware that she was making demands upon him. Yet they were there, in her unsteady voice and sturdy air of enforced calm. Philip squared his shoulders.

“We shall get Miss McLeod to share with you the work of caring for Megan,” he decided.

Tally was quick to object. “But we don’t want her to get the infection! She will take it back to the nursery!”

Philip regarded her anxious face broodingly. Rather to his own surprise, for he had never been in the least interested in children, he had become quite fond of the two little waifs Tally had rescued from the child-seller, Baggs. He was proud of young John’s really remarkable mastery of the skills of riding and completely captivated by Mary’s beaming little smile. He knew Tally adored them both.

“Shall I send the children to London?” he asked.

Tally shook her head slowly. “No, I think I would rather have them here under my eye. They would miss us so—and this lovely place, Philip!”

In his newly aware mood, Philip welcomed the passion in her voice. “You do love my home, don’t you Tally?”

Tally’s weary face broke into a smile. “It is paradise! I cannot see how you can bear to leave it for dirty, crowded, smelly London. I love every tree and flower—”

“And especially the . . . arbors?” teased Philip, delighted that he had made her forget her fears for a moment. He leaned over, hugged her briefly, and then poured her a cup of tea. “I’ve sent Ian for the London servants—leaving just a skeleton staff there. I also asked McPherson to call for Megan’s housekeeper. She can relieve you of some of the nursing, and she’s used to the manage of a household, even a small one like Megan’s. Tippet knows her, and Mrs. T. likes her.”

He sipped his ale, lookin so pleased with himself that Tally had to grin. But they were good arrangements, and he had made them promptly. She busied herself eating some of the tasty food Henri had provided to tempt their appetites.

“I hope,” she murmured with her mouth half-full, “Henri does not catch the influenza!”

Philip chuckled. He suddenly felt very much at home here at Sandron Place, very comfortable in spite of the influenza that had struck down his household. It was, he thought, as though he had suddenly realized that he was . . . the head of the house.

It was a good feeling, and one he had never experienced before.





That night there was the first fire. It was small, unimportant really—an abandoned shed on a distant, little-visited border of the estate. By the time it was observed, it was in full flame, and it shortly consumed the shed. The farmhand made his report to the agent’s office very early the following morning.





Chapter 16



The next morning there came a knock upon the door of the muniment room, where Lord Philip had been considering the reports upon Ian’s desk, since the latter was off to London to fetch the servants. He hardly noticed the report of the unimportant destruction of a small, useless building, aside from leaving a note to Ian to set a watch for tramps and gypsies. It did not please his lordship to consider that intruders might be trespassing upon his estate and setting fires, however harmless. He was rather amused at the heat the idea generated in his mind. He did not recall ever thinking about Sandron Place in quite this way before—the sort of jealous pride of ownership he had never felt for a person or thing in his life, except Tally.

Philip was actually much more interested in the plans Ian had left, hopefully set out on the big, neat desk top: the maps of the proposed new road; the suggestions for repairing or even rebuilding some of the structures on the estate; the potentialities of a new windmill pump. . . . To Philip the list seemed endless, but not as boring as he had feared. In fact, he grew rather absorbed in the map of the proposed road system and even added an alternate lane through a particularly fine meadow with a view of the hills, thinking of a sunset drive with Tally in his curricle as he did so.

When the knock came, Philip was still grinning mischievously at an idea he had had about Tally and that particular meadow. Even if he ran out of arbors, there were still many beautiful spots on his estate which would afford a pleasance for two lovers. He lifted his eyes toward the door and invited the knocker to enter. John and Mary came in quietly, hand in hand.

Philip found he was genuinely pleased to see them. He rose to welcome them, shaking John’s hand and kissing Mary’s soft cheek.

“Have you come to take me to breakfast? I was waiting here for Tally, so I could have company while I ate. I shall be so pleased if you care to join me!”

The rather strained look with which they had entered began to leave the small faces, and then John said firmly, “Miss McLeod is not well today, Philip.”

Philip had asked that they both call him by his first name, for although he had had Mr. Grummidge set the adoption procedures in train, as he had promised Tally, he did not think it necessary they call him “Father.” Now he regarded the boy soberly.

“She has told you this?”

“Miss McLeod sent one of the maids to our room to dress us and send us down here for breakfast. It was Marta, and she told us Miss McLeod had the infloozenia and wished us to play quietly in the garden.”

“Marta gave us a ball,” added Mary, solemnly holding it up for Lord Philip’s admiration.

“Very handsome!” he obliged her, and then, to John, “Thank you for telling me so promptly, John. I must see that Miss McLeod is properly cared for. . . .” Perhaps in Megan’s room? He could not have his Tally running from room to room in the great house caring for a dozen invalids! He tried to ease the strain coming back into the children’s faces. “Our Miss McLeod is too valuable to be permitted to suffer from in-flu-en-za for long.” He enunciated the word carefully, and quite without reference to John’s childlike error.

“She is good to us,” admitted John. “I would not wish her to suffer from . . . in-flu-en-za.”

Philip had the impulse to hug the little boy so carefully imitating the correct pronunciation. He stared at him warmly, caught him up, and tossed him toward the roof. John’s shout of excited laughter echoed in the dusty room.

“Me, too!” demanded Mary imperiously. Philip bore her off on his shoulder. So, though Tally never did get there, breakfast was an unexpectedly pleasant meal. The children were not rattlers, but they took a real interest in adult conversation and answered quickly and sensibly to questions or suggestions. In fact, John surprised Philip by saying as they were rising from the table:

“We would like to help, sir. Mary and I. If there was anything—we have nothing else to do.” This was said calmly and without resentment. It was a statement of fact, as so many of John’s statements seemed to be. Philip knew that the boy’s life had been a hard and bitter one until Tally had rescued him from the cruel Baggses, but he recalled now that he had never heard either of them complain or whine. And now, with Miss McLeod sick and the great house like a hospital, of course there was little for the children to do. So many of the grooms and stable boys had joined Abbent in the “men’s ward” that to tell the children to go riding would be foolish beyond permission. Lord Philip looked at their faces lifted to his so trustingly. They were handsome and gently mannered, absurdly grateful for the love-filled and busy life Tally had made for them. He smiled warmly and was rewarded by two beaming faces.

“You know, John, I think I will need you and Mary to help me today as I go out to investigate matters on the estate. If you two are to grow up here, loving your home as I hope you will, you must know something about it.” And I wish Lord Percival had even once said something like that to me, Philip thought, remembering his own father’s obvious dislike of his son’s wish to tag after him. At least John shall not feel unwanted, he promised himself, feeling again one child’s bewilderment and pain at rejection.

Accordingly, he took John and Mary with him to the estate gig to follow the route that the new road would take. Henri had provided a tasty snack suitable for the nursery party, and a creditable wine for the adult member. It was fine, Philip found, to share some of his boyhood’s lonely discoveries and special places with the wide-eyed, appreciative children. A delightful picnic was enjoyed by the bank of a merry creek which chuckled and splashed toward the marsh. After it, John and Philip stretched out under a tree, and little Mary crept close to Philip’s side and fell asleep with her small hand on his chest. He found it a touching experience.

He also found that he was missing Tally very much, and from worrying about what harm she might be doing herself by her slavish devotion to all the invalids, he came eventually to fretting over her total desertion of himself.

Surely he had provided her with enough staff to take care of this sickness! Dr. Fletcher called daily; there were no real crises! Must she continue to neglect her husband, and John and Mary, just to martyr herself in the unnecessary cause? Philip began to feel restive under this willful abandonment, and suddenly bethought himself of the hunt. He would join his friends again as soon as the London servants arrived to take over the burden. Perhaps Tally would care to ride out with him, for the easiest point if nothing more. He returned to Sandron Place with the children, feeling he had done his duty and merited a reward.

Unfortunately, Tally, exhausted and unhappy from a most trying night and day with Megan, Miss McLeod, Mrs. Tippet, and a roomful of sick female servants, was fast asleep in the bedroom next to their own. She had gone there in her weariness with some idea of sparing Philip when, too soon, she would have to rise again to assume her share of the night watch. Philip, however, sore from his memories of his lonely childhood, saw it as a rejection of himself. His resolve to join the hunt the next day hardened. He was up and gone before Tally was roused the following morning.

When she saw the time, she demanded rather sharply why no one had awakened her as she had ordered.

“ ’Is lordship wooden let us,” Marta explained sensibly. “ ‘She is wreckin’ ’er ’ealth, ’e says. ‘You mus’ let ’er sleep! Which we done!” Since Tally could hardly challenge an absent husband, she was forced to drop the discussion.

But not her resentment. When she learned, over a breakfast which she had to admit she enjoyed more because of her good rest, that Milord had gone out with the hunt again, she was angry. She had heard from tippet of the picnic and had felt such loving gratitude toward Philip for the care and entertainment of the children. Now it seemed that had been a whim rather than a thoughtfully conceived attempt to share the burdens with her. So after she had seen to Megan, Miss McLeod, and Mrs. Tippet, and overseen the care of the roomful of female servants and discussed nourishing invalid meals with Henri and checked the linen closets and conferred with Dr. Fletcher, she sat down wearily and in a very depressed state to consider what Philip’s latest desertion might portend. At which point she found herself too tired to care and went to bed for a few hours’ rest.

Philip, finding himself courted by Lady Corinna deLisle, one of the London diamonds down for the hunt at Lady Ridd’s invitation, decided that this was the life he preferred and wondered why he had ever gotten himself involved in country ways and country affairs which were proving so boring. Over the supper table, he kept his friends laughing at his lurid tales of life in a “hospital ward” and was made to feel a very magnanimous fellow indeed to put up with it as long as he had. He rather rashly promised to ride with them the rest of the days and return to London with Lady Corinna, the Ridds, and several other members of his set on the day after the Hunt Ball.

Lady Corinna’s eyes were bright with triumph when at length Lord Philip strode off to his horse, a little unsteady but not dangerously so.

True to his word, Philip attended the next two days of the hunt. Tally seemed to be avoiding him, which made him angry and determined to show her he wasn’t. What really hurt a little was the quiet, rather lost faces of John and Mary, which he glimpsed one day as he was setting out a little later than usual because of his generous potations the previous night. They raised their hands in a gesture rather more solemn than jovial, the expressions on their small faces clearly revealing that they had accepted the fact that he would not stop or speak. Lord Philip waved back with a great show of cheeriness, smiling and calling out their names, but the children did not answer.

Philip tried to put the incident out of his mind. He was late, but for some reason, the master had not yet given the command to ride out, and he found his cronies in front of the inn, showing off their hunters, drinking ale, wine, or coffee as their taste dictated. Mala was riding a great brute of a hunter; her voice sounded particularly raucous to Philip. Even the delectable Lady Corinna, a little dull from the previous late night, seemed to cling too cloyingly to his arm. Her perfume, he decided, was too heavy. He remembered Tally’s delicate sweetness with a quick rush of pain and desire.

The hunt itself was no better. The hounds lost scent repeatedly; two riders went down over a rasper and had to be carried back to the nearest house on gates. By early afternoon Philip knew he had had more than enough. He so informed Lord Ridd, said a casual good-bye to Lady Corinna, who agreed that the day had been a waste, and cantered off to Sandron Place.

When he entered his own hall, the first thing he saw was Tally in close conversation with Ian McPherson just outside the door of the muniment room. It was the final insult in a day of unpleasant events. Refusing to reply to their surprised and welcoming greetings, he strode up to his bedroom and rang furiously for hot water. Without waiting for assistance from a manservant—his valet, had influenza and Martin was still running the “men’s ware”—he began to undress. Menservants arrived with copper cans full of hot water; his bath was pulled in front of the newly lit fire; the tub was slowly filled. Philip got into it with a sigh of relief. The door opened quietly. Tally slipped into the room and closed the door after her.

“Hungry for me?” Philip taunted crudely. “You may come and wash me.” When, pink-cheeked, she did not reply, he went on, “I have seen nothing of you for days. Have you and McPherson been very busy running my house? Or perhaps dishonoring it?”

He really hadn’t meant to say that. He didn’t believe it. But he had spent several days in the company of a group of people, his London cronies, by whom such remarks were considered—when made about other persons in their set or out of it—as hilariously amusing.

Tally was not amused. All the tender welcome she had come upstairs to give him, all the regret that his unstable temper had again been teased with an equivocal situation between herself and Ian, all rational intentions of preserving peace and harmony between them, now vanished. In their place was a flame of anger fueled by exhaustion, anxiety, loneliness, fear, and jealousy, a flame which threatened to consume the sweetness that had once existed between them.

“I came to tell you,” said Tally in an icy voice, “that there have been three more fires, each larger than the one before, on your estate. Mr. McPherson fears we have an arsonist in the neighborhood.”

Philip began to sneer something about old women’s fantasies . . . and shut his mouth. Four fires in four days—it did seem more than chance.

“Was that what you were whispering about downstairs? Why didn’t McPherson tell me?”

“Because you haven’t been here to tell!” snapped Tally.

“I know it makes you angry when I join the hunt, but I have offered to teach you,” Philip excused himself. “If you’re jealous of my activities, try harder to join them!”

Tally was still enraged. “I am glad you have enjoyed your frolics, Milord, but those last few days I have not had the leisure to acquire enough skill on horseback to do you credit with your friends.”

This chilly rebuke, reminding him of her arduous duties with the sick, annoyed Philip. “You don’t really wish to share my fun!”

“I will admit the bloody foxtail you thrust into my face was not attractive to me. Perhaps I am too cow-hearted for the sport. I am sure you did not miss me. Lady Mala and Lady Corinna are such keen sportswomen. Or so Drogo told me.”

He grinned savagely, glad of this small show of jealousy.

“You would say they lack your tenderhearted scruples? At least they enjoy my company! As Drogo seems to be enjoying yours!”

“Drogo?” Tally was sorry now that she had mentioned the name. “You are surely not back to that again?”

“Why not? He slipped away last night from the dinner party. Mala told me he informed her he was coming to comfort you.” Her scornful incredulity seemed to enrage him. “Don’t tell me you’ve been helping your father catalog the books! I came home yesterday before I went on to the dinner, hoping to persuade you to come with me to that, even if you would not ride at my side. You were not here! No one seemed to know where you had gone. I looked in our bedroom—and in yours!”

Tally could see that her departure from their bedroom had hurt his pride, if nothing else. Had he stopped his complaint at that point, Tally would undoubtedly have begged his pardon for the desertion and explained that it had been for his own better rest that she had contrived the move. But Philip rushed upon his own destruction, continuing:

“Where did Trevelyan take you? Or was it McPherson? I will not have my name made a laughingstock by some impecunious old scholar’s daughter!”

Tally’s anger went cold. It was though a shaft of ice had pierced her body and frozen every nerve. Yet she had the will and the need to strike back. “I was asleep in your great-aunt’s room —from exhaustion. She is worse, and one of the maids—the one who had been maiding her before her infection, has died. Someone—one of the London maids—foolishly told Megan, and your aunt blames herself. Dr. Fletcher gave her a sedative, but he didn’t wish her left alone. I sat by her side until someone came to relieve me, then just stayed there and dropped off to sleep. Before you accuse me of misconduct with Drogo and your estate manager, know this: Drogo was not here yesterday, to my knowledge; and Ian and I have been spending every moment, while you were having fun chasing animals, trying to prevent any more of your household from dying!” She looked at his stricken countenance. “Oh, what’ the use?” she breathed, glancing at the big body still immersed in the tub. “Shall you be attending a dinner party tonight? I’ll send a servant to help you dress.” It was as though she were speaking to John. She turned away.

“Tally—wait!”

Slowly the girl halted and turned to face him. “How is Megan?” Philip asked humbly. “I have never had much to do with illness. I wasn’t aware. . . . Why has no one told me of the death of the servant?”

Tally shrugged, too weary to go into further explanations.

“About Megan?” Philip persisted. “How is she now?”

“Dr. Fletcher says she is worse. I am fearful for her,” Tally admitted.

Philip rose quickly and draped his powerful torso in a bath sheet. Tally, he noted, kept her gaze averted after one involuntary glance. She handed him a second towel.

“Please tell me more about Megan,” Philip asked, drying himself quickly.

“She is burning up with fever, and Dr. Fletcher cannot check it. She has been delirious since yesterday. She does not recognize any of us. Sometimes she sees us as friends of her younger days, calls us by their names, carries on long conversations with—them.” She raised her eyes to meet his anxious regard. “She has been calling for you today.”

“For God’s sake, why wasn’t I told?” demanded Philip.

“Because you were hunting, and none of us knew where the run was to go. You also neglected to tell us where you would be dining tonight—”

“I’ll go to her at once.” Philip finished drying himself and reached for his underclothing. When he turned back Tally had gone.

The sight of Megan shocked Philip out of any complacency he had left. She had aged incredibly in the last few days and looked every minute of her eighty years, and more. Her eyes were sunken yet staring; her hair was lank and harsh; her skin had developed a thousand wrinkles. She did not know him. She was muttering in her delirium in an anxious, hurried stream of unintelligible words. Shocked and remorseful, Philip took her bony, dry little claw in his big warm hand and pressed it gently.

“You must rest, Megan. You know we all love you and need you. I need you, Megan! You are the only one who ever cared. . . .” He hardly heard the things he was saying to her. His eyes were fixed on her gray face, his ears trying to sort meaning out of the gray face, his ears trying to sort meaning out of the dry babble whispering from her lips. He did not realize that Tally had come silently to stand behind him with a glass of lemonade and some of the medicine Dr. Fletcher had left.

But as Tally approached the bed, it seemed that something in Philip’s quiet, loving voice had pierced the veil of delirium which shut Megan away from the world of reality. For her voice, harsh yet faint, came clearly to both watchers.

“Philip? Flip, dear boy, are you there? We need you, Flip! Sandron Place will die without you . . . and Tally . . . Tally loves you. . . .” Her voice softened and was silent.

There was a sudden stillness in the room . . . a waiting. Tally came close to the bed in a soft rush. “Oh, is she. . . . She cannot be gone from us?”

Philip looked at her dear, tired face and saw it truly for the first time, in all its tenderness, its sweetness, its strength.

“I love you, Tally,” he said very gently. “And no, Megan is not dead. She is breathing, and her pulse beats. I think she has fainted—or fallen asleep.”

And he held out his hand, slowly, carefully, as though he were bestowing a gift—or asking for one.

Tally went into his arms with a tiny cry of happiness. He held her very close.





Chapter 17



The next week was an exhausting but satisfying time as Tally, Philip, Ian, and Tippet labored together to restore the household’s invalids to health and strength. In this they were aided by Dr. Fletcher, who sometimes came twice daily, and, rather surprisingly, by Chef Henri, who proved a tower of strength and ingenuity in preparing foods so tempting that the invalids could not refuse them, and so nourishing that they aided recovery.

The most striking return to health was Megan’s. Within a few days of her delirium and its sudden termination, she was her old, cheerful self, a little weaker physically, perhaps, but brighter than ever in undaunted spirits. She seemed to feel a special tenderness for Philip and Tally, and her eyes were always loving as they rested on either one of them. A little to Tally’s surprise, Philip had made no effort to rejoin the hunt, even though, on the day after Megan’s recovery had begun, Tally herself urged him not to miss the last few days of the meet.

Philip shrugged. “I am finding too much to do at home,” he said casually. “John and Mary have missed their ride of late. I shall go with them now. There are supplies to be ordered, another laundress to hire—I had no idea how many sheets invalids use!—and tomorrow Ian has arranged for me to meet his expert engineer from London to go around our road.” Although his manner was offhand, Tally could see real enthusiasm in his eyes. “I have a few small changes to suggest in that new plan you and Ian worked on so carefully,” he teased. “Oh, nothing major, of course! Just a pleasing and quite private small lane leading to a rather pretty little secluded meadow. There is,” added Milord with an echo of his old mischief, “a shaded pool beside a rock. Very private, if one cared for an alfresco bath.” He stared at Tally; under that impish regard, she found herself blushing. Noting this result, he chuckled and went on. “There is one thing I would much appreciate your help with.”

“Of course.” Tally smiled. She had hardly dared to let herself accept that Philip was changing, but the last week had proved he cared enough to lead them all in the tasks that needed to be done. “Of course, Milord!”she repeated even more willingly.

Philip shook his head. “You must learn to control this sweet generosity of yours, my lady! You have not even asked what favor it is that I need—or what it might cost you.”

“How may I help you?” Tally asked again.

“I had promised to attend the final celebration of this year’s meeting,” he began slowly, his gaze steady one her face. “It is the Hunt Dinner and Ball—very formal, attended not only by the members of the local hunt and their guests, but also by all the notable families in the county. It is one of the major social events of the winter season. We . . . are invited.” He could not bring himself to ask her, when the hunt itself and some of its members and guests had made such unhappiness for her in the last few weeks.

Tally solved his problem for him. “Of course I shall go with you,” she said. “It will give me a chance to wear one of those exquisite gowns you bought me in London. When is it?”

Philip heaved a sigh of relief. Later he might find courage to tell her the ball was being held at Ridd Hall.

To their relief, Megan was well enough on the day of the ball to get up and help Tally choose a gown. She also demanded that the girl dress in her room, with her own maid to do Tally’s hair. “Verna is a genius,” Megan said a little smugly. “When I had to attend dinners in London, my hair always looked so lovely that scarcely anyone ever noticed my face.” Then she realized what she had said and chuckled. “Not that your face is any problem, dear Tally! It would even grace one of those dreadful turbans that dowagers sometimes wear!”

Tally was so delighted to see Megan restored to health and good humor that she laughed heartily in sympathy. She found, however, that Megan had not exaggerated. The mass of sunny curls was swept into a simple knot, from which little tendrils escaped to curve enchantingly against her slender white throat and delicate nape

The dress she had chosen had been made in Paris, but it might have been designed with Tally herself in mind. It was pink muslin, so sweetly draped upon her softly curving body that the eye was led from charm to charm. A little above her slender waist, as was the latest fashion, a wide rose velvet band emphasized her neat figure. There was a subtle fullness at the back, which allowed the material to cling and flow softly, and created a tiny train. The neckline was cut fairly low, giving enticing glimpses of the two rounded globes beneath. Tiny rose velvet slippers exactly matched the waistband. Besides her wedding ring, Tally wore only Lady Katherine’s tourmaline.

Philip caught his breath at the sight of her. Then, to cover his confusion, he asked carefully, “Will you be warm enough in that, my dear?”

Tally chuckled at his naïveté. “It is not the object to be warm,” she teased.

Philip said gruffly, unable to take his eyes from her breasts, “It is plain the object is to get such a chill as will send you back to bed. . . . Ah! I see!” And he gave her such an exaggerated leer that even Megan had to laugh.

“Wicked boy,” she rebuked him, “see the gift I have for your dear one!” She produced a soft cape, cream with ermine trim and pink satin lining. “I had it sent down from London soon after I arrived here and saw her dress. Is it not a neat match?”

So it was with a light heart that both Tally and Philip drove off to Ridd Hall. They were a little late, and nearly all the guests had already assembled. The butler let them in, stared at Tally, and then delivered her into the care of a maid who led her to a small room that had been set up as a cloakroom. There was a large mirror, and Tally surveyed her appearance with satisfaction. She did not anticipate at pleasant evening, but neither did she intend to permit herself to be made uncomfortable. I am Tally Sandron, and Philip loves me, and I look as pretty as I have ever looked in my life! she told herself stoutly. And went out to meet the lions.

Philip was waiting for her, impatient to show her off to his friends. As he led her up the stairway and into the drawing room, crowded now with men in red coats and their glittering ladies, Tally held her head proudly. Philip was easily the handsomest of the men—and he had chosen her! She smiled as she greeted the Ridds, who gave her a perfunctory welcome and began to nag at her husband: Lord Ridd because he had missed most of the runs, Lady Ridd because he had missed the dinners.

“You did not know we had the influenza at Sandron Place?” Philip asked, quite gently, Tally thought, in view of the Ridds’ hectoring attack.

“Oh, the servants!” sneered Lady Ridd. “That class is forever whining and complaining. I pay no attention to them.”

“My great-aunt, Megan O’More, was seriously ill,” explained Philip. He was unable to say more, for Lady Mala had discovered his presence and come across the crowded room with very little regard for any of the other guests in her way. When her boisterous greeting was over, others of Lord Philip’s special cronies crowded around him. In spite of his best efforts to introduce his lady, newcomers kept coming up to hail and question him, rallying him upon his absence and boasting of their feats during the past week. Tally found herself slowly maneuvered into the background, from which no one seemed interested to rescue her. She stared at Philip, who was good naturedly trying to answer half a dozen questions at once while lending a sympathetic ear to the tale of a tremendous tumble over a five-barred gate which the tumbler had made sure his wretched hack could have sailed over with ease. She had no wish to thrust herself into that group, for she found them boring enough already without closer contact. Had they no other subject of conversation? In vain she reminded herself that this was, after all, a Hunt Ball, and the topic of discussion would naturally be upon the week’s sport. It still bored her, and she turned away to find a chair upon which she could at least await the dinner in comfort.

It was there that Drogo found her, hailed her with quiet pleasure, asked with quiet humility if he might sit beside her, and inquired after Miss O’More and the rest of the household.

“For you must know,” said Drogo Trevelyan, his blond head shining under the light from myriad candles, “that Megan O’More was the kindest, gentlest figure in my lonely boyhood.”

“So also Philip testifies,” Tally said warmly. “She is a wonderful woman! How much you must both value her!”

Drogo, noting carefully how her mood and her manner softened when she spoke of Megan, immediately related a couple of incidents about Megan’s spirited defense of the two friends’ boyhood naughtinesses. Tally was amused and interested. By the time dinner was announced, she was as much at ease with Drogo as she had ever been, and his encroaching behavior in her home that last afternoon was temporarily forgotten.

He somehow managed to get her as his partner for the occasion. Tally looked around her with a sudden sense of loss. Where was Philip? Did he intend to abandon her for the whole evening? Her common sense came to her rescue at this moment, and she allowed Drogo to lead her to her place. The table was enormously long, seating thirty people on each side, with two at each end. Massive epergnes stood high down the center, filled with flowers, making an effective blockade to vision. In a flutter of discomfort, Tally said quietly to Drogo, “Where is Philip? I think he may worry about me.”

Drogo immediately stood up and searched the table. Then he bent toward Tally. “He’s down near Lady Ridd’s end of the table. Fairly trapped, poor devil!” He grinned.

“What do you mean?” asked Tally, between disappointment and amusement.

“He’s got Mala on one side of him and Corinna on the other. And both of them determined to keep his attention!”

Seeing that many persons had not yet seated themselves, Tally asked quietly, “Should we try to save him?”

Drogo sat down. “I think we’re too late,” he offered as, at Lady Ridd’s imperious signal, everyone hastily sat down.

“Did he see you?” the girl asked hopefully.

“I made pretty sure he wouldn’t,” boasted Drogo. “But why? He will be anxious to know where I am!”

“Will it comfort him to know you are with me—after what happened when last we three met?” challenged Drogo. “He deserves it for permitting those two females to get their claws into him, when he has the prettiest woman in the room for his wife!”

“I love Philip,” Tally said gently.

Drogo stared at her intently, frowning. “It will fade and become merely sweet, and then commonplace. And one day you will look at him and wonder what you ever saw in him to make your heart beat faster and your body tremble and ache for him.”

Tally returned his steady glance. “You are thinking of lust. I said I loved him. That is a good deal more complex. And simpler.”

“You are an innocent!” protested Drogo. “I cannot let you be hurt as Philip Sandron will hurt you.”

“You wish to hurt me yourself?” asked Tally, smiling a little sadly.

Drogo stared at her gentle face, arrested and bewildered. “I do not understand you,” he confessed at length. “Are you not jealous? He was having an affair with Lady Corinna when he first met you. It is well-known she wants him back, and she is truly a great beauty, an acknowledged diamond, with wealth, social standing, a parent who is the intimate of the Prince Regent. She does superbly all the things he likes to do—rides, hunts, gambles, flirts. She was made for him. Everyone thought they would make a match of it. And then he met you—and it was as though he had been bewitched, spellbound. But it cannot last! His whole life has been a lighthearted frolic with lovely women—”

“Are you trying to warn me, or disgust me?” asked Tally gravely.

Drogo met her clear gaze and groaned. “God help me, I’m not sure,” he said quietly.

A footman appeared with the first course, and Tally was thankful to be spared Drogo’s harangue for a few moments while she steadied the tone of her mind. If all that he said was true—as to Philip’s past, that is—did that change the strength of the bond she was forging with him now? Could not a man change when he found someone who satisfied the deepest needs both of mind and body? She was reminded of a poem her father had had her learn once. It was, she recalled, one of William Shakespeare’s sonnets. Jocelyn had said she must think of it if ever she thought she was in love.

“A touchstone,” he had called the poem.

She hadn’t understood it when, at twelve, she’d memorized it. Thinking, she recalled the lines. After a few minutes she had them. The third line gave her pause. Tally turned to Drogo, gloomily spooning up excellent turtle soup.

“ ‘Love,’ ” quoted Tally Sandron in a clear voice, “ ‘is not love/which alters when it alteration finds.’ ”

Drogo’s head came up sharply. “What?” he asked suspiciously.

Almost in spite of herself, Tally smiled. “I was quoting Shakespeare,” she admitted, her eyes sparkling with mischief at the expression on his face.

He caught her mood and grinned ruefully. “I was never good at lit,” he confessed. “And the only thing of the divine Will’s that I remember is some chap shouting that he’d give his kingdom for a horse! At the time I was horse-mad, and the offer made sense to me.”

Tally laughed. “Never admit any such ignorance to my father,” she warned. “He will rate you lower than a barbarian! What did you study at your school?” she asked with real interest.

Drogo grinned. “As little as possible,” he admitted.

“ ‘Small Latin, and less Greek’?” Tally suggested blandly.

Drogo nodded. “That’s about it,” he admitted cheerfully.

“That’s how Ben Jonson described his friend, the author Shakespeare.” Tally chuckled. “So you have that much in common with the divine Will.”

“He couldn’t have been such a bad chap, then,” agreed Drogo. “And why the devil are we talking about poets and playwrights when we could discuss more important things like—”

At this moment, a servant removed his soup plate and offered one heaped with roast beef, blood-rare. Drogo nodded satisfaction. Tally said wryly, “Roast beef? Yes, by all means let us talk of that! We have appetites to common, after all.”

A deflating comment which silenced Drogo, although, as they ate, he cast several resentful glances at her charming little profile. Soon, a mixture of annoyance and lust took over his scruples, and he began to plan a little divertissement which should estrange Philip and his wife long enough for Drogo to enjoy a brief affair with her under the guise of administering comfort to the abused. As he quaffed more and more of Lord Ridd’s brandy, his plans became more elaborate and subtler. It seemed necessary that he enlist the help of Lady Corinna—help which she would be only too leased to supply. By the time the cheeses were being offered, Drogo had his scheme well in hand. He became so enamored of it that Tally noted his elated expression.

“You are particularly fond of cheese?” she asked, already regretting the harshness with which she had cut off the dialogue during the meal.

Drogo started and brought himself back to the present with a little difficulty. “Cheese? Why, no. . . .” Then, recollecting her set-down, he said a little bitterly, “Not as much as I love roast beef!”

Tally put a soft hand on his arm. “Forgive me, Drogo. I am a shrew, am I not? But there has been so much to worry about in the last few weeks. I have missed so much sleep that I am a veritable crotchet, as well as a most disappointing dinner partner!”

Drogo steeled his heart against her entrancing smile, lest he lose his incentive to bring her down. At this moment the ladies received the signal from their hostess to rise, and Tally patted Drogo once on the shoulder before she left him. The men closed ranks toward the head of the table, the decanters began to circulate, with voices becoming louder and jokes lewder. After a few minutes, Drogo rose from the position he had carefully chosen at the end of the line on his side and near the doors and slid out. Because of the heavy flower arrangements, fewer than three or four persons saw him go, and these were too befuddled to seek a reason.

In the hallway, Drogo sent a footman to seek out Lady Corinna in the drawing room and ask her if she would come out to meet a groom who had a message for her. The footman had seen no grooms, but he was inured to the idiocies of the upper classes and delivered the request.

Within a short time, Lady Corinna, who had been bored to yawning with her fellow females, swept into the huge, gloomy hallway to learn who sought her. A large masculine arm beckoned imperiously from the doorway of a small waiting room. A glimpse of a golden heed reassured her, and she joined Drogo at once. Her demand for an explanation was cut off by Trevelyan’s immediate launching into his scheme. She liked it very much, since it involved her luring Flip into the conservatory (at Ridd Hall called the orangery, although an orange had never grown there) and throwing her arms around his neck as soon as Drogo walked in with his wife.

“Be sure he’s not facing the door,” Drogo warned as she left him to return to the ladies. “He might thrust you away if he saw me coming.”

Lady Corinna pouted, but agreed to do as he advised.

Drogo returned to the dining room before their host gave the signal to rejoin the ladies. He managed to find Philip in the crowd of thirty or so men strolling out into the hall. “Who was your partner?” he asked. Philip rolled his eyes. “Corinna.”

“Lucky dog!” said Drogo enviously. “Every other man here would like to change places with you.”

Philip grinned. “Doing it much too brown, my boy,” he said. “I’ll trade her for Tally any day. Who caught you in her net?”

“Tally,” Drogo replied smoothly, and had the satisfaction of seeing Philip’s sudden sharp glance of suspicion.

When they reached the drawing room, Lord Ridd announced that the ball would begin within half an hour. The musicians could, indeed, be heard tuning up, and the outer hallway was filling with guests who had not been invited for dinner. In the crush and bustle, it was difficult for Philip to find Tally. For one thing, he was constantly being buttonholed and challenged, sweetly or bluffly, depending upon the challenger’s sex, upon his abandonment of the meet this past sennight. What with making excuses and soothing ruffled feelings, he was quite unable to proceed with his search for his wife.

Drogo suddenly appeared at his shoulder. “Looking for Tally?” he asked softly.

Philip smiled his relief. “Yes! Have you found her?”

“She’s gone into the orangery or whatever Ridd calls the place—it’s a damned jungle! Said she wanted to get away from the crowd.”

This was so like his Tally that Philip felt immensely relieved and grateful to his friend. “Thanks, old man! I may even let you have one dance with her later,” he said as he strode away to the rendezvous.

Entering, he acknowledged the accuracy of Drogo’s designation. With some idea of making the mass of greenery attractive, Lady Ridd had had little lights set among the branches, which furnished small illumination and a large danger of fire. He stood for a few minutes in the wide doorway, peering eagerly about him in an effort to discern Tally’s pink dress. He thought he saw a flick of movement behind the nearest bush, and made his way quickly toward it. As he came level, Lady Corinna stepped out and challenged him.

He smiled at her, but his eyes went beyond her. “I’m looking for my wife,” he said with an apologetic smile. “Have you seen her?”

“No, but I wish to say something important to you which I think you had better listen to.” Corinna said in a very cool tone.

Arrested by this change of front, Philip paused beside her with his back to the door. “And what could that be?” he teased.

Corinna glanced beyond him, stepped forward and appeared to trip and fall. Automatically, Philip put out both arms, and caught her to him to prevent a fall. As seemed quite natural, Corinna threw both her arms around his neck and pulled to the right. This put them both at right angles to the open doorway, at which Tally had just appeared on Drogo’s arm.

Lady Corinna kissed Lord Philip passionately upon the mouth. Drogo pulled Tally away before she could see any adverse reaction from her spouse.

It was neatly done, considering there had been no time for rehearsal. Drogo’s heart was pounding in his breast with a triumph that shook him. Tally was very quiet. He saluted her breeding. Even ladies born to the purple might have been forgiven for ranting at the sight she had just witnessed. Drogo, for once afraid to speak lest he destroy the illusion, let his concern be felt by the firm hand he placed over the small one on his arm. He patted her as comfortingly as she had patted him during dinner. Tally did not speak. He led her to the drawing room, where coffee and tea were being served, found her a chair, and brought her some hot, sweetened tea, the universal English panacea.

“Drink this. You need it . . . after that shock.”

Tally lifted stricken eyes to meet his compassionate gaze.

“My dear,” said Drogo, truly moved, but not enough to confess his treachery while it was so successful, “you must prepare yourself for many such . . . scenes as that from now on. Philip truly values you, my dear, but he has never been—how many men are?—a man to stay faithful to one woman. Be glad that he will always give you public acknowledgement as his wife, and courtesy. You will find he is usually much more adept at concealing his—his peccadilloes than he was tonight! I have known him to have two mistresses at once, without either of them suspecting the existence of the other. It is accepted in the ton, my dear Tally, as long as a man is discreet.”

“You would know,” was all she said; her voice was drained of feeling.

Drogo raised his head and caught Lady Mala’s waiting gaze. He nodded slightly. At this signal, she began to stroll toward Tally. Drogo meanwhile stood up.

“I’m getting you a glass of sherry. You are very pale, my poor child!”

In spite of her protest, he moved away. Mala stopped in front of Tally. “Mother sent me to bring you to meet Her Grace, the Duchess of Romsdale,” she said clearly. “She knew Flip’s mother, and has a kindness for your husband.”

Almost numbly, Tally rose and followed her guide into the ballroom, to a quiet nook set aside for patronesses and dowagers. The floor was rapidly filling in eager anticipation of the first set of figures. Many eyes followed the golden-haired girl in softly clinging pink muslin as she approached the pride of patronesses. Mala stood at Tally’s shoulder when Lady Ridd took over the introduction.

The duchess looked with shrewd evaluation at the delicate, pale-faced girl being presented to her. “Do I know your family, my dear?”

“My father, Professor Jocelyn Temple, is the third son of Sir Randolph Temple.” Tally’s sweet smile flashed briefly. “No one south of the border has ever heard of him.”

The duchess was startled into a chuckle at such refreshing lack of pomposity. It appeared that young Sandron had found himself a girl of wit as well as beauty. “Will you sit beside me for a moment?” she suggested. Tally, from whose nerves the numbness of shock was beginning to wear off, was glad of the offer.

Mala was furious at this possible hitch to Drogo’s plan. She knew at last that she had no hope of snaring her childhood companion, but she had a score to settle with Tally and did not mind if Philip should be hurt, too. But it would be necessary to be doubly careful if she had to play her role in front of the duchess and Lady Ridd.

She stood up, saw Philip coming into the room with an anxious look on his face and a pouting Lady Corinna on his arm. Waving ungracefully, she beckoned the two toward her.

Philip caught sight of her tall, brightly clothed figure and reluctantly accepted the order to approach. Mala turned to Tally and, in a voice whose harshness caused the duchess’s eyebrows to rise, said:

“Where have you left Drogo Trevelyan, Tally? No one has been able to pry the two of you apart all evening, and when Philip was looking for you, several people said they had seen you disappear into the orangery together half an hour ago!”

Even Lady Ridd, insensitive as she was, was shocked by the blatancy of that attack in front of the duchess. Before she could reprimand her daughter, however, Lady Corinna, standing at Tally’s shoulder beside a shocked Philip, launched into her prepared story.

“Do not worry, Lady Sandron”—she giggled childishly—“I caught Philip’s attention when he entered the room long enough for you and Mr. Trevelyan to slip away. My lips are sealed!” And she giggled again.

There was a hiss of avid interest from the guests who had worked their way closer to this important group. Tally stared from the quizzical eyes of the duchess to the contemptuous stares of Lady Ridd and the other patronesses, and ended upon Philip’s wide, pain-filled challenge. Then she faced lady Mala. The raw, triumphant malice she read there went to her brain like a bolt of lightning. Of course! It was a trick! She should have known, fool that she was!

It was also social disaster of a particularly nasty kind. Philip would be forgiven, but it was such a scandal as would demean and humiliate him before his cronies. And something inside Tally roused to do battle.

As Philip watched the beloved little face staring blindly around the ring of her accusers, a bolt struck him, also. It came to him in the form of a complete rejection of Corinna’s tale. For one thing, her behavior after he had detached himself from her—as he had thought—involuntary embrace had slightly sickened him. Accustomed now to Tally’s loving sincerity, Corinna’s false flatteries and vulgar suggestions, her lewd behavior, left his surprisingly cold. He had almost forcibly dragged her back into the ballroom, insisting he must rejoin his wife. Her behavior during their return made no sense in view of the tale she had just told the assemblage.

He glanced at Mala and caught the same triumphant malice that had enlightened Tally. And at last Philip Sandron knew where he wished to be. He went and stood beside Tally and smiled into her eyes with all the loving promise he was capable of putting into his expression. No longer would he pull her into his expression. No longer would he pull her down to his level; he would seek to rise to hers. If she would have him. . . . For of course she had seen the arranged incident in the orangery. Anxiously he studied the beloved face.

That was when Tally turned to read her future in her husband’s face. What she saw there made her dizzy for one instant—so much love, so much support! Her heart shook in her breast.

Mala took this moment to underline her point for the assembled guests. “Well, Tally, what have you done with naughty Drogo?”

Tally’s laugh was clear and sweet, shocking everyone into silence. “Oh, I’ve banished him to London! I really cannot permit Philip’s friends to play such childish tricks upon him!” Her big brown eyes, glinting with amusement, went from Mala’s incredulous disappointment to the dawning admiration in the duchess’s face.

“He confessed to me tonight the little rig you two were running—with Lady Corinna’s help.”

At Mala’s thunderstruck glance, Tally smiled again.

“Rig?” Philip asked softly, his face showing controlled anger.

Tally laughed again, the gurgling merriment he loved. She was conscious, they all were, of the avidly curious bystanders. Someone had even told the orchestra to wait. Tally said clearly:

“Your rascally friend Drogo admitted that he and Lady Mala had a wager to test the newlyweds.”

A quick glance at Mala and her mother showed both women alarmed and apprehensive.

Lord Philip frowned thunderously. “You are telling me that Mala and Drogo planned—”

Tally’s voice rang out. “I am telling you that Drogo wagered he could cause the honeymooners to have their first spat here at the ball! Naughty men!” Her mischievous smile brought answering smiles to many faces. Everyone knew Drogo Trevelyan for a cynical rogue. Lady Ridd demanded very sharply:

“You are claiming that Trevelyan wanted to set you to quarreling tonight—at my ball?” She glared at her daughter.

“Only because he knew how sweet the making up would be!” retorted Tally, to general indulgent amusement. She sent a warm glance in Philip’s direction. His face was impassive, but he held her arm tightly.

Lady Mala lacked his self-control. Her face ugly with anger and alarm, she defied Tally. “You are claiming that I had a part in such a ridiculous conspiracy?”

Tally said kindly, “But you took the other side of the wager, did you not? That the newlyweds could not be tricked into quarreling?”

Lady Mala was at a standstill. If she denied Tally’s statement, she would immediately be suspected by everyone in the ballroom of wishing harm to the young couple. Enough members of the hunt had observed her efforts to attract Philip over the years to make them recall her failure if she protested now. If she agreed she had taken the benevolent position in the wager, she would get credit for being a good loser, at least. She summoned up a weak smile and nodded agreement.

One young blood cocked an inquisitive eyebrow at Lord Philip. I suppose you won’t give us the details?” he prodded.

“Details of what?” asked Philip. “I was the victim, as was my wife, of the little trick. You must ask the man who made the bet how he intended winning it! As Lady Sandron has told you, the . . . silly game failed. And now you must excuse us, if you will?” He bowed to his hostess and the duchess. “I wish to dance with . . . my wife!” Titillated by the situation, the guests held back while Lord Philip led his lovely little wife twice about the floor, the musicians, with a faultless sense of drama, playing a tender waltz. A few of the older guests even applauded. Philip held Tally close to him.

“Don’t blame the fellow!” said the young blood enviously.

When the floor gradually filled, and attention was diverted from them, Philip asked, “Explain.”

Tally sighed tiredly. It had been a most strenuous introduction to Philip’s circle, and she said so. He held her a little closer. “How much of what you said was true, and how much . . .” He could not say the word.

Tally found a different one. “Invention? Your friends had launched a dangerous game, Milord. It seemed necessary to present their malice and lust under a simpler guise, of harmless gaming, the kind of bet your cronies at Boodles’ or White’s would make without thinking twice.”

“You do not think much of me—or my cronies,” Philip said heavily.

“I think too much of all of you to expose those three to the scorn of society,” replied Tally gently.

“Let’s get out of here! Let’s go home,” Philip said.

Although those were almost the loveliest words Tally had ever heard, she hesitated. “But Lady Ridd—the ball—your friends . . .”

Philip said something abrupt about all of them. “I am taking you home now,” he announced with all his old arrogance. “I have no desire to wait half the night before taking you to my bed. And let me warn you, Tally. If ever I catch you trying to sleep anywhere else, I shall . . .” In his turn he hesitated, stared hard at her big sparkling eyes, and capitulated with a grin. “I shall ask you very nicely to come back to it.”

Her arm on his, they made their way to thank their hostess and bid the duchess good night.

“You are a clever woman, Lady Sandron, and a kind one,” said the duchess. “I shall look forward to seeing you when you are in London.” She smiled benignly. “You, too, Lord Sandron. You are a fortunate man.”

A reassuring encounter.

There was to be one more confrontation before they left Ridd Hall. As the butler was bowing them out of the front door, Drogo entered. Seeing them—Philip’s arm protectively around the girl, and she laughing up into his face—Drogo stopped short.

Philip regarded him sardonically. “You didn’t pull it off, Trevelyan. You miscalculated the odds: the temper of Lady Sandron’s metal, for one. Purest Toledo steel, my wife’s wit!” He kissed Tally gently, while the other man stared, his golden hair bright under the flambeaux. “Good-bye, Drogo,” Philip said with finality as he ushered his wife into their carriage.

And then they were riding home, alone together in the sweet darkness of the carriage, cozily embracing with the foretaste of rapture.





Chapter 18



Philip, besotted by his wife’s lips, was hardly aware that they had reached the house. Tally was the first to notice that every window showed light, flambeaux were burning outside, and several footmen were patrolling the grounds with lighted torches.

“Oh, what can be the matter?” cried Tally, leaning forward to peer out the carriage window.

“They are giving us a proper welcome home,” Philip declared, hoping that was all. He helped her out of the carriage.

Tippet had the doors wide. His disciplined countenance showed nothing more than the expected welcome, but he addressed Tally. “Professor Temple has made a—a remarkable discovery,” he said. Then his eyes went to his master’s face, and Philip read concern there, and a warning of some kind.

“Shall we go to him, my dear?” he suggested, and saw agreement in Tippet’s expression. “Where is he? In the library, of course!”

Tally smiled at Tippet’s resigned nod. “Where else?”

She went directly to the huge room, walled down floor to ceiling with shelves of books and manuscripts collected by some ancestor of Philip’s who had fancied himself a bibliophile.

Jocelyn met her near the door, eyes ablaze in his pale scholar’s face. “Thalia, my dear girl! Such a find! You will scarce believe me when I tell you! Philip has”—he paused to give weight to the announcement—“a first folio of Shakespeare’s plays! The original collection, printed in 1623 by Isaac Jaggard!” He pursed his lips. “Not too well done, alas! I have seen the third folio, reissued in 1664, which contains some plays judged to be by other authors. What a joy it will be to try to determine the true authorship!” He sighed happily, obviously envisioning years of scholarly research.

Tally shook her head indulgently.

“I suppose you have had no dinner?”

Professor Temple frowned. “Dinner? I think I must have had—”

“Come now, dearest Papa. We can see the wonder tomorrow, when we are rested. It is very late!” She noticed that Philip had not followed her into the library and suspected he had gone ahead to their room to prepare for bed. Since this exactly suited her own wishes, she was eager to do likewise.

Jocelyn was scowling incredulously. “Do you tell me that a daughter of mine has no wish to see such a rare and remarkable find? I cannot believe it!”

Tally sighed. “Very well, Papa. I shall see this great discovery of yours, perhaps even touch it, if you permit! And then we shall have some tea and sandwiches, and we shall all go to bed.”

She pulled the bell-rope. Jocelyn went happily over to a table where a large leather case rested. Beckoning her to him, he gently unrolled the leather and revealed the folio. In spite of weariness, in spite of a desire to be with her husband, Tally could not resist the thrill of discovery and excitement she felt as she saw the yellowing pages and smelled the faintly sour, faintly musty odor of old paper and ink.

While Jocelyn was gently turning the pages, explaining the processes which must be used and the expert scholars he would invite to join him in his research, Tippet came into the library to inquire after her pleasure. Tally apologized for the trouble, but asked if food and coffee might be brought, “since I am sure my father had quite neglected at least one meal in his delight at this remarkable find!”

Tippet smiled and assured her that a tray would be brought, and then rather surprised Tally by urging her to examine the rare and wonderful discovery at her leisure, telling her it would be a little while before the requested meal could be made ready.

Tally thanked him and urged him not to put anyone to trouble. It was an odd exchange, and the girl felt vaguely disturbed by it. Perhaps the staff were annoyed by Professor Temple’s odd hours? Or by her request for service? Still, she had not caught that impression from Tippet. Rather an eagerness to have her remain with her father and take her time examining his find. She shook he head; she was too tired to puzzle the problem out. Almost reluctantly she returned to the folio over which Jocelyn pored.





Meanwhile, out in the great hallway, Philip had been conferring with Tippet. The butler had caught his master’s arm as the latter was preparing to follow Tally into the library to see Jocelyn’s great discovery.

“There’s more,” Tippet whispered, with a glance to make sure his master’s wife was out of hearing.

“What is it, man?” snapped Philip, who had his own ideas for the rest of the night’s activities.

“It’s the children. They’re gone.”

Philip froze. That explained the torches and the flambeaux. Oh, Tally! cried his heart in a fierce burst of protest. Then, controlling his anguish, he said quietly, “You’ve searched the house, of course?”

“Every room,” Tippet confirmed. “The attic, cellars, closets, wardrobes . . . even trunks.”

Philip closed his mind to that thought. “The stables?”

“Yes, sir. Abbent even had the boys search both wells—” A movement on the stairs caught Tippet’s eye. “Here’s Miss O’More, Your Lordship. She can tell you—”

“Thank you, Tippet,” muttered Philip, hurrying over to meet Megan at the foot of the stairs.

“They’ve been missing since dusk,” Megan began hurriedly. “Tippet has been a tower of strength. There was another fire sighted just minutes before you arrived. McPherson went with some of the grooms.” She peered up at Philip. “Oh, Flip! I’m so glad you’re home! Now we shall come about!”

Philip squared his shoulders. McPherson would do better than anyone at organizing the firefighters. Which left the search for John and Mary strictly up to himself. He patted Megan’s shoulder absentmindedly, his thoughts on the possible places the children might have wandered to. Then, sensing that she awaited his instructions, Philip said, “Your job is to keep Tally from finding out that the children are missing. When Temple lets her go, try to bustle her up to our bedroom and question her about the Hunt Ball.” He grinned reminiscently. “She had a triumph! Meanwhile, I’ll organize the search. Go into the library now, where you can keep an eye on the progress of events. I’ll talk with Tippet.”

Within a few minutes Philip had set up a command post in the muniment room and instructed Tippet to send all returning searches to him there. He got down a map of the terrain and prepared to record the areas searched as the servants made their reports. It was slow work unsatisfying, and he longed to race out into the darkness calling for the precious little beings; but a sense of responsibility held him back. Someone was needed to coordinate the efforts of the search parties, so that no areas of the estate be overlooked, or time wasted. He was able to get a fairly clear picture of the ground already covered and was staring blindly out a window across the dark gardens to the distant fields and woods, trying to devise a search pattern that would achieve the best results, when a tiny flicker of light beyond the home woods caught at the corner of his vision. He focused on it. Ws the arsonist busy again? Two fires on the same night? No matter—the children came first!

Philip turned away, his attention caught by the sound of a vehicle coming rapidly up the driveway to the front entrance. Philip ran out into the hall to meet this new arrival. As he reached the hallway, a footman had the door open. Drogo strode in.

“One of your barns is burning,” he said without greeting. “They tell me at the village inn that this is the fifth such destruction on your lands in as many days. What are you doing about it?”

“Nothing,” said Philip coldly. “John and Mary have disappeared.”

Drogo caught has breath and his expression softened. “I came to offer my help,” he said simply. “I behaved badly, and I’m sorry for it. What can I do?”

Philip shrugged. This was no time for score-settling. “Tell me why John and Mary, who love and were loved in this house, should run away tonight, at dusk, leaving their new red ball on the grass.”

“Did they?” challenged Drogo. “An unlikely time for small children to run away—unless they were frightened.”

“That’s what I thought,” Philip agreed, “but they’re gone.”

“Gone—or taken?” asked Drogo.

“But who? . . .” began Philip. “No one’s been here. The servants would have told me. And I haven’t any enemies so despicable as to strike at me through small children.”

Drogo’s expression brightened and sharpened. “Where did you get the children?” It was a rhetorical question; he knew the answer.

“Baggs! But he’d never dare—”

“Have you see him? Tell me what he looks like!” demanded Drogo. “I’ll take my groom and go looking for him.”

“Tonight?” Philip indicated the moonless darkness outside. “Where would you start?”

But Drogo, eager to atone for his treachery to his friend, persisted. “Have you run into Baggs since the first encounter?”

“I put the Bow Street runners on his trail when I was last in London,” Philip answered. “I haven’t had a report from them.” He frowned. “These fires could be the work of a vengeful man. And he was trying to sell the children when Tally rescued them. But he would not take such a chance, Drogo! Only a madman . . .”

The word echoed eerily in the great hallway, open to the night and the deeds of darkness. Philip ran out and around the house to the stables, Drogo pounding at his shoulder.

“Where are you going?”

“There’s that other fire starting over beyond the home woods!” shouted Philip. “Go back and tell Tippet where I’ve gone. Have him gather servants and follow me there.”

As he spoke he was saddling a horse. The grooms and stable boys were out on another fruitless sweep of the neighborhood. It would not occur to them, as it had not to him, that little children could have gotten as far as the home woods, several miles away.

“Wait for me!” yelled Drogo.

“No time!” Philip answered, already on his way along the back lane from the stables.

It was well for him that he knew the trails and lanes from his boyhood. There were shortcuts to and through the home woods. He tried to remember the buildings beyond. What structure could have been starting to burn at just the position he had noted from the muniment room window? And then he roared with anger as he recalled the building that was probably burning. It was the mill and storage barn for all the grain harvested on the estate!

By the time he reached the mill, there were only a few broken timbers black against the dying flames. A year’s supply of flour destroyed! There were several men standing between Philip and the flames, and they turned to greet him as he pounded up. They had been carrying water from the millrace to throw upon the barn. One of them called out to him. He recognized McPherson’s voice.

“Did you see who set the fire?” Philip shouted.

“No,” Ian said. His face was black with soot and his hands were burned. “We got out about half the barrels of flour before the heat got too bad.”

“I thank you all!” Philip called in a voice that carried above the crackling embers. “Please go to Sandron Place at once. Tippet will send for Dr. Fletcher to attend to your burns. I must continue looking for John and Mary. Have any of you seen them this evening?”

Ian and the others shook their heads wearily. They seemed beyond speech. Philip gave orders to one of the other farmers that the estate agent be driven to Sandron Place at once. As he was turning his horse to leave, a boy ran to him and caught at his stirrup.

“I seen a covered cart, Milord,” he said. “Me dad ’n’ me wuz the first ones t’get ’ere. Dad lef’ me the reins w’ile ’e ran to see wot ’e could do about the flour. I wuz tyin’ ol’ Blackie to a bush away from the fire w’en I sees this cart joltin’ off down that path.” He pointed into the darkness. “We coodn’ stop fightin’ the fire long enough fer to run after the cart.”

“You and your dad did well,” Philip said warmly. “I’m sure if anyone could have saved the barn, you would have. Please come and tell me all about it tomorrow, will you?”

Grinning and nodding the boy stood away as Philip set his horse to the canter. As he was about to enter the narrow lane the boy had pointed out, he paused to reconsider. If this were deliberate arson—and there did not seem to be much doubt—there might be danger in a direct pursuit of the criminals. Of course, the presence of the cart might have been discovered too soon, and its sighting a lucky accident. Criminals did get careless. But there was a vicious particularity about these acts against the Sandron estate: no other property but Philip’s had been destroyed.

And the children were gone!

Had someone known that that would bring Philip Sandron out, if the burning of his buildings had not? Philip set his jaw, trying to recall the course of the small path down which the canvas-covered cart had driven. It ran for a time beside the stream that turned the mill wheel. Then it curbed back through the fields—to his own stables! Savagely Philip drove his heel into the horse’s flank. He did not follow the narrow, dark, winding pathway, lest there be an ambush, but cut straight across the fields toward the stables. For he had a sudden fear of this savage enemy—and who the next victims might be!

When he got to the house, there was no one to be seen in the grounds, although torches were still flaring. Either Drogo had successfully recruited the servants for a trip to the mill by the main road, or there had been some other alarm. Philip cast a frantic glance toward the house.

Then, in the silence, there came a child’s cry. It was a wail of pain as well as fear. Philip’s gorge rose. Though he knew it was folly, he set his horse at a gallop straight for the stables, from which direction the cry had come. If the trap was baited with one of the children, then Philip must enter it, willy-nilly. Instead of dismounting outside the stable, as he would have done on any other occasion, Philip rode the horse directly into the building through the temptingly open doors.

His unexpected eruption into the shadowy building gave him the merest flash of a scuttling figure disappearing beyond the furthest stall. Philip dismounted in one swinging movement, slapped the horse to send it back outside, and took cover in the first stall on the opposite side. A lantern hung from a spike above his head. He glanced up. It was burning brightly—giving him light, yes, but making him too visible.

There was a tense pause, during which Philip listened and peered cautiously around, senses astretch to catch the slightest clue to the actions of his antagonist. It was his sense of smell that warned him of his danger. Something was burning!

Then Philip saw a lazy curl of smoke from a stall halfway down on his side of the stables. Rising and stepping out slightly, he called, “John? Mary? Are you there?”

Two things happened at once. There was a child’s cry—and the crack of a bullet against the post beside his head. And then Philip saw the trap. To rescue the children from the fire just set, he would have to place himself directly under the sights of the kidnapper. In which case he would die, and the children could still be carried away by Baggs, if it was indeed that man who had caused all the trouble.

Yet if Philip did not move, the children could be burned to death.

Philip’s mind raced. No horses in the stalls; they would be screaming with fright at the scent of smoke. Could he get outside and around the stables, and come in on the attack from the rear? Hard to go outside without exposing himself to further shots. A weapon? He had none. Casting a look around, he saw some harness, a broom, the pitchfork, someone had left in a bale of hay. . . .

The small fire near the children was gaining strength. It had begun to crackle. A low whimper of fear came from one of the children.

Then suddenly there was a voice, wheedling, insolent, cruel. “They don’ like fire, them two! Their mum an’ dad got burned in a fire in an ’ostelry. Chap wot owned it ’ad drove me outa ’is yard. Mrs. Baggs ’n’ me watched from the fields while it burned to groun’. The kids’ dad brought them out an’ then ran back inside fer ’is wife. That’s w’en the roof fell in!” His cackling laughter seemed to echo the snap of the flames. Philip heard him mutter, “Teach the blaggard to put me off ’is land!”

Then Baggs’s voice rose again. “Yer fancy leddy stole them kids off me, see? So I had t’teach ’er a lesson, same as I taught the innkeeper. Now you jus’ come out an’ get the kids before they roasts like their dad did!”

Philip reached above him and unhooked the lantern. Lowering it, he set it on the straw-littered floor. Then he got the broom, a heavy bundle of twigs and straw. Working carefully, he poured oil from the lantern over the bundle, then ignited it from the wick. It flared into a blaze. Philip rose; hurled it, javelin-wise, into the far stall where his enemy lurked. Then, while Baggs was screeching with shock and fear, Philip ran to the stall and threw himself upon the screaming, flaming man.

He subdued the crazed, cursing creature ruthlessly. Snatching up the pistol from the floor and hardly stopping to look at Baggs, Philip ran to the children. He found them tied to the feed box in the stall. He loosened their bonds, caught them up against his chest, and raced out of the stables, now smoke-filled.

As he reached the yard, he met several of the house servants coming out of the kitchen door. “The stables are on fire,” he warned them. “Try to put out the fire, but take no chances yourselves.” Then, as they collected to form a bucket brigade from the well, he added. “The man who set the fires is in there. He is dangerous! If you can find him, tie him up.”

He ran past them into the house, talking to the children as he went. “That bad man played a cruel game, did he not? But he knew that I loved you and would get you out of the fire, just as your own brave father did, my dearest John and Mary!”

There was no sound from the little ones, huddling close, clinging to him with desperate fingers. Philip’s heart ached for them. He kept up a soft murmur of reassurance as he carried them into the house.





Chapter 19



Tally was beginning to find her attention wandering badly, even from so magnificent a discovery as an authentic first folio of William Shakespeare’s plays. She had made a pretty earthshaking discovery herself this very night—that Philip loved her, and that he would be slow to believe slander of her, even from his most intimate friends. Preparing to leave her papa and his great discovery, she told him she was tired and would like to retire to her bedroom. For which wifely desire, she felt sure, the Bard of Avon would have happily excused her from her scholarly pursuits.

Jocelyn seemed curiously reluctant to let her go. She listened to his protests with a smile, but stood firm in her resolve. Just as he was becoming argumentative, Megan came into the room and gave Jocelyn a reassuring smile.

“I’ll take our dear girl up to her room, now,” she said lightly. “Tally, my dear, Philip has had to go out to recruit Dr. Fletcher. There has been another fire, and a number of the servants and farmers as well as Ian McPherson, received slight burns. Oh, nothing serious, and no loss of life, thank God! But it is well to have the burns treated as soon as possible. Philip is feeling very responsible, since they incurred their injuries in his service.”

Tally could see that, and honored her darling for it, but—must it happen tonight? She had felt so very close to a perfect understanding, of heart and mind as well as body, that she begrudged the time her husband must spend with other people. Chiding herself for her selfishness, she followed Megan up to the bedroom.

Once in that luxurious comfort, Tally had to admit that she welcomed the idea of getting into bed. It seemed an age since her return from the Hunt Ball. She sent a warmly commiserating thought to poor Philip, riding through the night on his responsible errand. Then she wondered a little why he had not sent a groom. By this time, with Megan’s help, she had divested herself of her gown, washed her face, and was brushing her hair.

“I’ll see that you have a warm posset to send you off to sleep,” fussed Megan.

Tally forebore to tell her that she fully intended staying awake until Philip was with her. If it gave Megan pleasure to fuss over her great-nephew’s wife, then she must be allowed to do so! Tally donned her prettiest nightgown and tried to settle herself in the huge bed. Somehow it seemed very empty indeed without the big male figure beside her to bring it to life and warmth! How much longer would he be? She began to fret a little and feel neglected. She began to recall the love, the emotions, she had felt in the carriage. And then she knew what she must have. Not possets, but a glimpse of John and little Mary, a good-night kiss upon their flushed, sleeping faces, so vulnerable and dear in slumber! She got out of bed and went down the hall to the suite Philip had set aside for the children and their governess. Quietly, lest she wake them, Tally pushed the door open.

In the light of a single candle, Miss McLeod sat in an armchair, weeping. Her head rested on her hands. She was wearing a heavy woolen dressing gown, and her dark hair fell about her face. Tally gasped, and the other woman heard her. The dark head came up, exposing a tear-bloated face.

“Oh, what is it?” Tally asked. “What is wrong?”

“They haven’t found John and Mary yet,” sobbed the governess. “It is all my fault! I let the girl supervise them at their play!”

“Gone?” Tally faltered. For the first time in her life she fainted.

With a cry of remorse, Miss McLeod rushed to her, eased her into a more comfortable position, and ran for help. By the time Megan arrived, looking very grave, Tally was sitting up. Megan helped her to her feet.

“What is this?” the old woman scolded. “I told you to get into your bed!”

Tally smiled tremulously. “Protecting me, dear Megan? I promise you I am in control of myself now, and anxious to help in the search. That’s where Philip is, is it not? Of course!” She drew a deep, sustaining breath. “Will you tell me, please, all that has happened, and what I can do to help?”

“You can go to bed so that we can stop worrying about you, at least!” Megan snapped with uncharacteristic gruffness. “Your husband will have my head if he returns to find you wandering about like a ghost.”

Too tired to argue, Tally accepted Megan’s arm and the support of the remorseful governess, and allowed them to lead her back to her bedroom. As they reached the head of the stairway, they beheld a big man coming slowly up with a double burden. She began to shake with incredulous joy. Megan and the governess, gripping her hard, cried out their relief and joy.

Philip came the rest of the way to stand before his wife.

“I found them, Tally! They’re safe! I found them for you.”





The time spent in bathing, cosseting, and loving John and Mary went very quickly for Philip and Tally, who insisted on attending personally to the needs of the children. Yet dawn was breaking as they pulled the covers close under John’s weary little face. Philip took Tally’s arm and led her to their bedroom. A tired Megan was nodding by the fire someone had rekindled in the grate. The posset was on a table by her side, long cold. Some pills Fletcher had left sat on the table beside the posset. Philip swung his wife gently onto their bed, whispered, “Stay there! Do not even move!” in mock fierceness, kissed her hard on the mouth, and then went over to Megan. Gently he lifted the sleeping woman and carried her off to her room. In a few minutes he was back and closing the door behind him.

“Now, Tally! Now I shall take care of you!”

Tally gave him her delectable smile, the smile that had first snared him at the inn on the road to London. He moved toward her, aroused and responsive. And then Tally yawned—hugely.

Philip sank onto the bed beside her and began to laugh.

Tally was too tired to see the joke. Instead she let her gaze move slowly over the beloved body. The elegant man-about-town, the dashing Corinthian Lord Philip Sandron, would not have been recognized by most of his cronies. His face was dark with sweat and soot. His clothing was torn, dirty, and reeking of smoke. His hair was an unruly dark matt. And yet, to the girl who loved him, he was beautiful. She said so, her voice faint and sleepy-sounding.

“You found John and Mary and brought them back safely to me. You took them riding every day, taught them to love and trust you. You worked with Ian on the roads. . . . I think you are the most wonderful man in the world.”

“I am your husband, Tally,” Philip said quietly. “If you love me, we can face anything.” He took her in his arms gently, because she was so weary, because her anxiety for the children was still so close to her. He told himself he would not make demands, would not treat her with the hungry need he felt. His big hand smoothed the curls away from her forehead. “Fletcher has left you some tablets to take. Shall I get them? He promises they will make you sleep.”

Tally opened her big brown eyes drowsily and scanned the beloved, battered features. “I think I would prefer some of Dr. Philip Sandron’s specific remedy,” she whispered.

Philip’s eyebrows rose in surprise and pleasure. Then he laughed softly. “I’m not sure I’m up to it,” he confessed with the grin she loved. “However . . .”





An anxious Megan found them in the morning, close in each other’s arms, sleeping peacefully.

It appeared that the prescription had worked well.





About the author





Elizabeth Chater was the author of more than 24 novels and countless short stories. She received a B.A. from the University of British Columbia and an M.A. from San Diego State University, and joined the faculty of the latter in 1963 where she began a lifelong friendship with science fiction author Greg Bear. She was honored with The Distinguished Teacher award in 1969, and was awarded Outstanding Professor of the Year in 1977. After receiving her Professor Emeritus, she embarked on a new career as a novelist with Richard Curtis as her agent. In the 1950s and 60s she published short stories in Fantastic Universe Magazine and The Saint Mystery Magazine, and she won the Publisher’s Weekly short story contest in 1975. She went on to publish 22 romance novels over an 8 year period. She also wrote under the pen names Lee Chater, Lee Chaytor, and Lisa Moore. For more information, please visit http://www.elizabethchater.com





Other books by Elizabeth Chater



HISTORICAL ROMANCE

A Season For The Heart

Miss Cayley’s Unicorn

The Marriage Mart

The Runaway Debutante

The Duke’s Dilemma

The Gamester

The Elsingham Portrait

Milady Hot-At-Hand

Lord Randal’s Tiger

The Random Gentleman

Angela

A Delicate Situation

Emerald Love

The Reformed Rake

The King’s Doll

Lady Dearborn’s Debut

A Place for Alfreda

A Time to Love

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #1

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #2

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #3

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #4





MODERN ROMANCE

Lauren’s Designs





SCIENCE FICTION

The Big Sling

Bait For The Tiger

Operation Disaster (Short Story)

The Treasure of Mars (Short Story)





MYSTERY

A Course in Murder

Miss Sillithorpe's Hobby (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

Infernal Triangle (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

The Brotherhood of Darkness (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)





