THE ELIZABETH CHATER REGENCY ROMANCE COLLECTION



#2





The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #2

Kindle Edition





The Gamester

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1980

Cover image “The Request” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





The King’s Doll

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1984

Cover image “A Stolen Interview” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

source





Lady Dearborn’s Debut

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1986

Cover image “A Fond Farwell” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





Lord Randal’s Tiger

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1981

Cover image “A Favor” by Edmund Blair Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons.

Source





Copyright Chater Publishing 2013

All Rights reserved. Printed with permission.



This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to people living or dead is purely coincidental.



The publisher would like to thank Jerry Chater for transcribing the following document.



For more information about the amazing life of Elizabeth Chater, please visit:

Elizabethchater.com



For more books by Chater Publishing, please visit: Chater Publishing





Table of contents

THE GAMESTER

THE KING’S DOLL

LADY DEARBORN’S DEBUT

LORD RANDAL’S TIGER

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

OTHER BOOKS BY ELIZABETH CHATER





THE GAMESTER





Elizabeth Chater





For Kerry, who loves the gamble.





Table of Contents The Gamester

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28





Chapter 1



Miss Griselda Grant stood in the center of the small, charming parlor of her home in Thornapple Square, London, carefully scrutinizing the room. It was a handsome room, the epitome of elegance and beauty, traditionally called the Ladies’ Parlor. Simon Grant had designed it as a luxurious yet cozy place where his wife and daughter and their special guests might be comfortable on occasions when the more formal elegance of the drawing room did not appeal. Miss Grant’s butler waited for her verdict. Finally the girl turned to him with her enchanting smile.

“It’s perfect, Wiggins,” she said. “Thank Millie and Prue for me. The Ladies parlor has never looked better.”

Wiggins sighed his relief. Every servant in the house was well aware that Miss Griselda was expecting a most important visitor. Mr. Regis Southerleigh, only son and heir to a minor baronetcy in the counties, was coming to call upon the orphaned heiress of Simon Grant, merchant prince of the city of London. Much as they admired their young mistress, none of the staff had dared to hope for such a match. True, the nobleman was only a baronet’s son, and his lands, which ran contiguous to the well-kept country estate of the Grants, were heavily mortgaged, but he was an honorable, and county, and would elevate Miss Grant into polite society.

“Is my brother at home?” Griselda’s question interrupted Wiggins’s rosy dreams.

The butler stopped smiling. He knew as well as Griselda did that Sholto Grant was a Drawback. Young, spoiled, impetuous, by turns sulky and obstreperous, he was still the titular head of the house and the man of the family. It was to him that Regis must present his proposal. And so it was essential that Griselda’s young brother be on hand to receive the nobleman’s offer.

“He is in his room, Miss Zelda. Calver informs me he was rather late getting home last night, and . . . not himself—”

“Oh, dear!” Griselda exclaimed. “I suppose that means he came home shot in the neck and is badly hung over this morning. Wretched boy! How could he?”

Wiggins hadn’t the heart to rebuke his young mistress for her unseemly language. He’d watched her grow into a beautiful young woman, and what was more remarkable, take over the management of the town house and the farm with courage and good sense when her parents were killed. He had observed her patience and tact in dealing with her brother. Five years her junior, Sholto had been his mother’s darling and a disappointment to his father. On the death of both parents in an accident, the fourteen-year-old Sholto had confidently expected to take over his father’s enormous fortune. When he heard that his sister was to be his guardian until he reached his majority, he was affronted.

Worse was to follow. He was informed that, under a most rigid trust, a substantial amount of money was to be given, quarterly, to Mr. Grant’s older child, and that from these funds Griselda was to pay all bills and give Sholto what he characterized as a beggarly pittance. His rage was unbounded. In fact, he behaved so reprehensibly, shouting and stamping his feet, that the lawyer, tight-lipped, packed up his papers, informed Miss Grant he would wait upon her when she was alone, and left Thornapple Square in a huff comparable to Sholto’s.

After lawyer Heathrow had finished describing the unpleasant interview to his junior partner, who was also his son, he concluded, “In all fairness to the young cub, I must admit that I had many serious reservations when Simon Grant gave me his instructions. Such an enormous sum outright to his daughter upon her marriage—”

“She’ll be the target of every fortune hunter in Europe,” said Heathrow Junior, gloomily.

His father nodded agreement. “Even more reprehensible, it seemed to me, was the provision that, in the event of his demise before his son’s majority had been reached, the daughter should have control of the entire quarterly allowance until she marries or the boy becomes twenty-one. At which point we are to continue the administration of the estate until the youth reaches the age of thirty.”

“It is easy to see what opinion the testator held of his son,” suggested Heathrow Junior.

“With justice, as we now observe,” added his parent sternly. “Such a childish display of ill-temper I have never, thank God, been forced to put up with until today. I suppose we can only be grateful that the girl is a remarkably sensible female—”

“A contradiction in terms,” ventured his son, and was rewarded by quite a hearty chuckle from his parent. Though it ruffled his dignity to have to consult a female on important matters, he had decided that Miss Griselda Grant would be a much more satisfactory client to deal with than her spoiled brat of a brother.

In the next three years Griselda’s good sense and patience were tried to their limits. Master Sholto pouted, protested, whined, raged, and borrowed money from her. She held the line fairly, and managed her brother better than their mother had ever done. It was a struggle. Cook, who detested Sholto, said darkly that he was a nasty little scrub and would come to no good end, and what a pity it was that Miss Griselda had to waste so much time on him and his scrapes that might better be spent looking out for her own future.

But today it seemed that a glowing future might be possible for their darling. Mr. Regis Southerleigh had requested an appointment with Miss Grant for two o’clock, to be followed by one with the head of the family at precisely two-fifteen.

Griselda’s smile was a little wry as she considered the neatness and dispatch of her suitor’s timing. He evidently considered a quarter of an hour ample time to make his declaration and receive her reply. Obviously he anticipated a favorable answer, after which he would state his intentions to Mr. Sholto Grant. She frowned. It was to be hoped that Sholto, well primed for the interview, would behave himself. He was in some awe of Regis Southerleigh, and very much aware of the honor the nobleman was doing his family.

The old butler had been watching her with concern. “It’ll be all right, Miss Zelda,” he said. “Master Sholto won’t want to put anything in the way of the match.”

Griselda nodded briskly. She had few secrets from this old and faithful servant, and none of which concerned Sholto.

“Considering that he will come into a very large sum of money when I marry, I believe you are right, Wiggins,” she said with an impish smile. “Giving due regard to Mr. Southerleigh’s agenda, I think you should be prepared to serve the best brandy in the library as soon as you show him into the room. It will break the ice.”

Wiggins ventured a question. “Miss Zelda—are you sure this is what you want?”

The girl smiled reassuringly. “Yes, Wiggins, I’m sure.”

But after he had left the room, she considered the question carefully. Regis resembled his father: narrow shoulders, lean frame, even the slightly protuberant pale blue eyes and the large aquiline nose. Since he had also inherited all the heavy humorlessness of his dear mama, it was easy to understand Wiggins’s concern. But Regis was a good man, Griselda reassured herself. He had no vices—he had told her so himself. He had been educated at Eton; he would be able to talk of other things besides hunting. He would share the security and dignity of his position with her. Best of all, since Regis, a rigidly high-principled young man, did not approve of the frivolity of the Beau Monde, they would spend eleven-twelfths of the year at his parents’ estate, Leigh Hall, whose boundaries ran with those of Grant Farm.

Griselda’s heart warmed at the thought. She had always adored living at the farm. Though luxuriously appointed, it had always been a working farm—Simon Grant would have tolerated no other—and it had a well-trained staff of servants and farm laborers. It made a handsome profit every year, and in addition, it furnished a bountiful supply of vegetables, fruit, cheeses, hams, fresh eggs, and well-hung meats to the tables at Thornapple Square. There were fine horses in the stables, and Griselda loved to ride. Best of all, there were the orchards, with a merry little stream running through them and out into a sunny meadow. This was Griselda’s favorite part of the property. In the spring she had played or walked under a fragrant cover of blossoms. In late summer she had climbed the trees and munched the apples which jeweled the branches, or made her hands and face sticky with the sweet, sun-warmed flesh of late peaches. In the winter she admired the exquisite patterns of bare black branches against snowy fields, and listened to the tiny song of the stream under ice.

Here also she had met and played with Regis without his parents’ knowledge. He had been a stiff, consequential little boy, very lonely as a result of his dear mama’s conviction that nobody in the neighborhood was good enough for him to associate with. Lady Agena Southerleigh prided herself upon the fact that she did not know the names of above six people in the district, and exchanged visits with only three families, but her son slipped away to enjoy the companionship of the pretty little girl on the great estate to the west. Griselda felt sorry for him. She never mocked him. She let him win at many of their games, and she invariably supplied delicious snacks during their play.

Now the plain little boy had grown up and wanted to marry her. If she accepted Regis’s proposal, she could leave lonely, dangerous London, and keep Sholto safe from harm in the country.

You know he’ll hate it, her conscience shouted. He’s bound to refuse to live in Sussex even if Regis’s parents are willing to invite him. And he’s always loathed the farm—it’s the only thing Father left you that he isn’t jealous of. Are you ready to abandon Sholto to the lures of London?

“The Heathrows will prevent him from doing anything too disastrous,” she tried to placate her conscience.

“Hah!” said her conscience, unplacated.

Hah, indeed. Griselda sighed. She would have to persuade—all right, bribe!—Sholto to make his headquarters at the farm and accompany her husband’s family to London for their customary one month at the height of the Season. Perhaps she could get him married to some girl of good family who could settle him down. She sighed again. Even his glittering prospects might not be enough to attract the kind of girl she wanted for Sholto. But that was for the future. The immediate problem was to make sure that Sholto was up, dressed, and clear-headed enough to receive, with proper dignity, Mr. Regis Southerleigh, who, if he followed his schedule, would be presenting himself in Thornapple Square in exactly twenty minutes.





Chapter 2



At about this time, Regis, carefully attired in the correct apparel for a formal afternoon visit, was entering his parents’ heavy, old-fashioned coach, and giving the address of the Grant town house. As he sank back against the familiar dingy squabs of the seat, it was quite apparent that he had a very good opinion of himself, and realized fully the importance of the prize he was about to confer upon Griselda Grant. In fact, he was overwhelmed with gratitude to his noble parents for their indulgence in permitting him to take this step. As the coach, creaking and groaning, pulled away from the house Sir Hulbert leased for one month every year, Regis felt an almost physical reaction which might have been occasioned either by the force of his emotions or by the jolting and swaying of the coach over the uneven cobblestones.

When the young man had first considered the possibility of an alliance with the only daughter of a London merchant, he had known that Sir Hulbert and Lady Southerleigh would have to be convinced. Being a conventional, unimaginative, and pompous young man, as well as a very dutiful son, he had broached the subject first to his father. The latter had heard him out in a not unfriendly silence.

“Your mother recently suggested to me that it was time you allied yourself with a young woman of suitable birth and fortune,” he said deliberately. “With that object in view, I have been considering the well-born females of the proper age and endowment. The field is, unfortunately, narrow.” He frowned. “Those who are not too old or too young are either beyond our touch or possessed of paltry dowries. I had not considered the family of Simon Grant.”

Regis blushed. “Her lands run with ours,” he offered, “and she has a great fortune—”

“True. So great that I have heard it mentioned. It is a powerful argument. But there must be much more before we can expect your mother to listen to your request.” There was a pause, while the two men considered what would be the almost inevitable reaction of the Lady Agena to the notion of an alliance with a merchant’s daughter. Then Sir Southerleigh said kindly, “It is not what I had hoped, and I fear your mother will not be pleased, but I shall investigate this young person.”

Regis was overcome with gratitude.

The facts which Sir Southerleigh was able to discover within the next two weeks were so reassuring that Regis was able to request a formal interview with both his parents in the drawing room of the hired house in Grosvenor Square. As her husband had gloomily prognosticated, Regis’s dear mama had at first utterly rejected the idea of her son throwing himself away on the daughter of a cit, and a cit in trade, at that! But when her husband explained to her the truly remarkable dowry which Simon Grant’s child would bring to her husband’s family, milady’s frosty manner melted a trifle.

“So much as that?” She considered the fact. “Are you sure of this, Hulbert?”

“Positive,” replied her spouse. “Girl is the greatest heiress in England.”

“Why have I not heard of her?”

“She lives very retired,” her son hastened to inform her. “She does not try to go into Society, and makes no show of her fortune. Which I believe,” he added, glancing at his father, “is tied up until she marries.”

“Sensible,” commented his dear mamma. Then she frowned. “Well, I suppose I have to consider her, if you and your father wish for the connection. Our consequence will be great enough to bring her off, if she is otherwise acceptable to me. She does come of healthy stock?”

“Excellent,” her son assured her. “Sound yeoman English—I had the family traced.”

“Of whom does her immediate family consist?” was Lady Agena’s next question.

“Parents both dead. Drowned when a bridge collapsed under their carriage and dropped them into a swollen river. One brother, aged seventeen.”

Lady Southerleigh had nodded grudgingly. “It may do. It is as well both parents are dead—no embarrassing introductions of gauche persons to our friends. And the boy is young enough to be molded.” She pursed her lips, while Sir Southerleigh and Regis awaited her decision. Finally she nodded briskly. “Very well. You may offer for the girl, Regis. I shall school her thoroughly at Leigh Hall before we present her to Society as your bride.”

So, conscious of his family’s approval, and well-instructed by his dear mamma, Regis had come to offer Griselda the high privilege of wearing his family’s name and donating to them her fortune. His coach pulled up in front of the great mansion in Thornapple Square, and the young man got down and trod the steps up to the impressive door.





Chapter 3



Wiggins threw open the door of the Ladies’ Parlor.

“Mr. Regis Southerleigh!” he announced, and stepped aside for Griselda’s suitor to enter.

Regis advanced into the room and made his salutations in strict form, if a trifle pompously. He was well aware of his own value, but his pale blue eyes brightened as they rested upon his beautiful young hostess. Since they had played as children, she did not overawe him as most of the modish females of his own order did. She was eminently acceptable in all but birth, and her exquisite beauty and unexceptionable good manners very nearly made up, in Regis’s judgment, for her plebian origin. Conscious of the historic nature of the occasion, he stared solemnly at the girl after Wiggins had left them alone. His mouth pressed into a prim line and his eyes, it must be admitted, bulged slightly.

Miss Grant was familiar enough with his normal cast of countenance to entertain no fears that he might be having a seizure. With charming composure she waited for her erstwhile playfellow to speak.

“Oh. Ah. Miss Griselda. I am here as arranged.”

“You are very welcome, Mr. Southerleigh,” she said. “Will you be seated?”

Regis looked about him as if in search of a chair which would suitably bear the weight of his consequence. He wondered why the small room appeared so much more pleasant than his own dear mamma’s sitting room at Leigh Hall; then he banished the thought as unworthy. His family, thank God, had no need of style or beauty to enhance their worth! Cheered by this thought, he seated himself and prepared to speak. He was momentarily diverted by admiration of the fine new pair of Inexpressibles he had ordered on first coming up to London. These city tailors knew how to make the most of a man’s figure! He stretched out one thin leg and laid it carefully over the other knee.

Griselda, noting his absorption and its object, suppressed a sigh. It is a good thing I am not a romantic miss, she told herself. I shall not be expecting more than Regis has to give, or nourishing impossible dreams. She had always been her father’s daughter, and he, when he saw what his son was and was not, had confided to Griselda some of the excitements, hazards, and satisfactions of his business.

“You are my real son,” he said once in a rare emotional moment. “You could have been a great trader. There is daring in you, and a core of iron. What a partner you’d have made!” He sighed. “For a woman, you are steady and unusually sensible,” he added generously.

He would have approved of this match, Griselda told herself. His good yeoman stock welded into the minor nobility—his grandson to bear a title! A good bargain, surely! Security, a stable background for Sholto, a noble name, an old estate that marched with his beloved farm! With shame Griselda admitted that it was the latter consideration which had shaped her decision. Steady and sensible, yes. And if there was still a tiny part of her, buried deep, which longed for beauty, shared laughter, love—in short, the unobtainable—it had better be dealt with firmly, and rooted out.

She sat, eyelids lowered modestly to hide her mental turmoil, while Regis looked her over with proprietary pride before launching into his well-rehearsed speech. She was too tall for his taste—nearly overtopping him—but nobly formed, and should bear healthy sons. A beautiful face crowned by shining, fair hair, eyes of an unusual violet-blue, and the prettiest smile in London. Regis felt his rather sluggish blood begin to move more quickly. However, there would be time for all that later. The sight of his hostess affected him like a glass of brandy, and departing from his prepared speech, he became fulsome.

He was not, he thanked God (he said devoutly), in the petticoat line, but Miss Grant’s beauty and decorous ways had allayed the natural alarm he had felt at being compelled to enter the state of matrimony. Unhappy at her plebian origins and her father’s involvement in trade any man of sensibility must be, he said, but he reassured her, as his dear mamma had assured him, that money has no smell. Further, he was convinced that Lady Southerleigh could make Miss Grant acceptable to even the nicest taste with a few months of hard and careful drilling in the seclusion of Leigh Hall, which his dear mamma had promised him she would do. Then he expounded at length upon his dear mamma’s condescension.

While her noble suitor, carried away by the force of the emotions aroused by his own rhetoric, was enjoying his magnanimity, Griselda’s heart was rapidly sinking. Even for the privilege of living in the country, even for the priceless boon of protecting Sholto, could she endure a lifetime of Regis and his dear mamma? She tried to encourage herself with visions of the farm, and the thought of many hours stolen from the dreary pomp of Lady Southerleigh’s establishment to be spent in the beloved surroundings. Steady and sensible, she reminded herself, to such good effect that by the time Regis had worked up to his peoration, she was able to meet his bulging eyes with equanimity. She recalled a poem of Andrew Marvell’s in which he had dedicated enormous lengths of time to the celebration of various portions of his coy mistress’s anatomy. Suppressing a smile at the thought of Regis’s reaction to such salty material, Griselda decided that her tedious suitor, celebrating the virtues of his noble heritage, was Marvell’s natural heir.

Having dealt with his lineage and his own virtues at length, Regis had now reached the point of enumerating to Griselda the advantages of the match he was proposing. The girl made the appropriate murmurs of admiration and assent. Satisfied that she was suitably impressed, Regis uttered the fateful words.

“In short, Miss Griselda, will you do me the honor to accept my heart and hand?”

It really wasn’t a question. There was no doubt in the pale, protuberant eyes which rested on her face. For one treacherous instant her mind gleefully pictured how that face would fall, how the monumental assurance would be shattered, if she gave him a simple no. Then, taking herself sternly to task for such unseemly levity, she answered, “Yes, Regis, I shall be honored to accept your offer.”

“Good!” Regis rose, paced over to her chair, and carefully kissed her hand. “That is to say, delighted, ma’am! I’ll wait upon your brother now. I take it he is expecting me?”

“In the library.” As she rose to ring for Wiggins, Griselda devoutly hoped it was so. Sholto could be very perverse if the mood took him.

After a few more formal gallantries, the well-born suitor followed Wiggins from the room.

Watching them go, the girl found herself smiling. It was hard to decide which of them was more conscious of the dignity of the moment. Wiggins obviously pictured himself as being in loco parentis for the orphaned heiress, as well as being the majordomo of the Grant household, while Regis carried the weight of a dozen titled forebears on his narrow, sloping shoulders. Griselda sat down again, resigned to waiting for the ceremony in the library to be completed so Wiggins or Sholto could come to inform her that the males had observed the tribal rituals and all was well.

This was not to happen, however. Less than five minutes after he had made his dignified exit, Regis reentered the parlor so hastily that Wiggins, puffing in his wake, had not the time to announce him before he spoke.

“Miss Grant!” It was a cry of outrage.

“Yes, Mr. Southerleigh?” Griselda’s calm, low tones seemed to remind him of his duty to his own consequence.

“Your brother, Miss Griselda!” he continued in a milder voice, into which a querulous note had entered.

He is like a small boy running to his nurse to tell tales on another child, thought Griselda dispassionately. She did not make the error of smiling, but nodded repressively. “Sholto, I fear, is . . . not himself this morning. It seems he indulged a little too freely in the wine last night.” She pursed her lips primly. “I can only offer my apologies for his conduct. In extenuation, it may be said that he is just seventeen, and not as accustomed to the ways of the Polite World as you are, Mr. Southerleigh.”

This speech had a remarkably soothing effect. Regis’s offended manner relaxed. “Ah. Indeed, Miss Griselda? It was that, then! I could not understand the boy’s odd behavior!”

“Surely he did not refuse his consent to our marriage?” Griselda thought she had better get to the crux of the problem immediately.

Regis smiled. “On the contrary, your brother seemed both pleased and impressed with the idea of the connection with my family. It was when I began to discuss the—ah—arrangements that his behavior became very peculiar.”

“Oh!” Griselda permitted herself a knowing smile. “He is, after all, quite a boy yet. The role of head of the family sits uneasily on a very young man’s shoulders, you understand. But more importantly, he knows his own powerlessness to deal with matters of business. My father arranged that all such matters be handled by his lawyers, Heathrow and Heathrow. It is to them that you should now address yourself, I conjecture.”

Regis looked relieved. He and his father could deal with the lawyers more comfortably than with a restive boy. He nodded soberly. “That might be better. Still, as the titular head . . . I had thought . . . more seemly to address myself . . .”

“Very properly so,” approved Griselda. “Remember, too, Sholto’s own allowance will be increased upon my marriage. Which pleases him, of course, but his accountability thereafter will be to the Heathrows, and not to an indulgent sister. Which perhaps depresses him.” She turned the full force of her beguiling smile on her suitor. Violet eyes sparkling roguishly, she challenged, “Do you think I have explained his mixture of elation, chagrin, and natural nervousness, Regis?”

As much charmed by her beauty as struck by the rationality of her explanation, Griselda’s suitor answered her smile with one of his own. Now that he did not have to fear returning to his family with an incredible rejection, he was able to accept the disturbing interview he had just gone through as the result of a boy’s awkwardness, not a challenge to his own importance. He wished his dear mamma had not been so rigidly insistent that he deal with Sholto Grant, a mere whimsical boy. Regis and his father would know how to conduct an interview with a lawyer who would be fully sensible of the honor being done his client. Feathers smoothed, Regis took a dignified leave of his affianced wife, arranged to meet with her and her brother in a few days’ time at the chambers of Heathrow and Heathrow to sign the necessary papers. He was so pleased with himself that he ventured a jest.

“May I suggest, ma’am, that you instruct your butler to be niggardly in serving the brandy at dinner the night before our meeting?” he said, as he bent punctiliously over Griselda’s hand.

She smiled but did not comment.

Which satisfied her noble suitor, who preferred having the last word in any conversation.

After showing the visitor to the door, Wiggins hurried back to the parlor to find his mistress waiting anxiously for him. “What happened?” she asked quietly.

“Master Sholto was in one of his moods,” replied Wiggins heavily. “It was shill-he, shall-he, will-he, nill-he. ’Tis no wonder Mr. Southerleigh was put off.”

“But he wasn’t,” Griselda reminded him gently. “I think it would take more than Sholto to put Lady Southerleigh off the largest dowry in England.”

Wiggins’s face expressed a mixture of relief and reproof. “Miss Zelda, that is not seemly—”

“It’s true,” said his mistress briskly. “Now, I had best find out what’s to do with Sholto.”

She discovered her young brother kicking his heels in the library.

“I knew you’d be here to read me the riot act,” he flung at her before she had a chance to speak.

“Did you?” smiled Griselda. There was something more here than a boy’s awkwardness in a social situation. Sholto had known about and been impressed by the idea of Southerleigh’s intentions. So the trouble must be something else. “I wonder why you should suppose that?”

Her brother flushed angrily.

“Damn it all, Zelda, that’s a plaguey, windy fellow you’re set on! Regular jaw-me-dead! He kept prosing on for an hour about the honor he was doing us—” he hesitated, looking at once resentful and apprehensive. Griselda felt a chill of alarm.

“You don’t like him, Sholto?” This was another problem. Could it be the real one? If so, why the guilt Sholto was so plainly evidencing?

“Oh, I daresay he’s well enough,” her brother admitted grudgingly. “Thank God I won’t have to live in the fellow’s pocket after you’re shackled. I’ll take a neat lodging in town. Maybe travel a bit. I had always a fancy to see Europe, you know.”

Since this was the first time she had ever heard him mention it, Griselda was not much impressed. What could be bothering him? “Why take a lodging? We won’t want to close up this house, Sholto. Shall you find it too lonely, living here alone?”

Poor boy, perhaps she had overrated his maturity. He was, after all, a very youthful seventeen. She was rapidly running over in her mind a list of the cousins, male and female, one of whom Sholto might accept as a house companion, when a groan from her brother drew her eyes to his face. The expression on it alarmed her.

Sholto jumped from his chair and began to pace the floor. Finally he stopped in front of her. “I must tell you! We are ruined, Griselda!” he announced, and loosened his cravat with a theatrical gesture.

“Could you be more explicit?”

Although her tone was sober enough, Sholto flared up. “That’s it, make a joke of it! I tell you I’m ruined, and you laugh!”

“I am far from laughter,” his sister advised him. “Do give over these histrionics and tell me directly what you mean. It may be that I can help.”

“No one can help me,” said Sholto with gloomy relish. “I’ve lost this house. Last night. At piquet.”

“You were gambling?” Griselda’s voice was steady, but her brother reacted defensively.

“My allowance is so miserly that I have to do something to supplement it!”

“Like losing the house? No, don’t answer that! It was unworthy. Of course you didn’t intend to lose it,” conceded Griselda. “Did you lose it to the—the owner of the place?”

“No. I lost it to the Devil.”

Griselda showed her first sign of anger. “Really, Sholto! How am I to deal with this if you talk so foolishly? Have the goodness to tell me exactly what happened!”

“Having lost all of my meager allowance,” began Sholto doggedly, “I wagered this house to Devil Fallon. He is a notorious gamester, Zelda, and said to be prodigiously lucky—luck of the Devil, everyone says—that’s how he got his nickname. He’s made three fortunes in the last six months; he’s the darling of the haut ton—received everywhere! They say he’s even persona grata at Watier’s!”

“Weren’t you a little foolhardy to challenge such a nonpareil?” teased Griselda, while her mind was busily twisting and turning to find a way out of this impasse. Better get all the facts, then go at once to Heathrow and Heathrow and turn the matter over to them. They’d be sufficiently impressed by the delicacy of the situation with the Southerleighs to buy back the house quietly before Regis’s parents heard of Sholto’s folly. He is only a boy, she reminded herself, and was then able to address him with equanimity.

“I’m sure I can handle it, my dear. I’ll commission young Heathrow to get it back for you—”

“And advertise me throughout London as a naughty child! That’s famous!”

Since that was exactly how she regarded him, Griselda avoided answering that. Instead she attempted to soothe him. “The lawyers are very discreet. And I venture to predict that your Devil would prefer hard cash in hand to a great cumbersome mansion with a staff of servants to pay. Heathrow will know how much to offer: you needn’t even come into the business! If the negotiations are lengthy, we can go down to the farm for a few days. I’d like that! Wouldn’t you?”

Sholto had gone over to the window and stood looking out with his back turned to her as she was speaking. “You haven’t heard it all. I—I lost the farm, too.”

“Indeed?” said Griselda, and this time her voice was neither soothing nor playful. “I think you had better tell me the full extent of—”

“—of the disaster?” supplied Sholto angrily. “I knew you’d be furious! And that mealy-mouthed fellow you’re going to marry will never let me forget this . . . I wish I was dead!”

Since this remark had been one of the ways Sholto had managed his mother, Griselda ignored it. “What else did you lose?”

Sholto flung himself into a chair. “Just this house and the farm. And I’m well aware that the farm belongs to you and was not mine to wager. And when your fine Heathrows spread that story about,” he finished dramatically, “I am ruined!”

“Don’t sound so pleased about it,” snapped Griselda. She knew, if Sholto did not, that he had gone dangerously beyond the limits of what was a gentleman’s privilege. Watching his sullen, averted face she continued sternly,” You’ve done a foolish thing, and I hope you realize it. I shall have to put all to rights before the Southerleighs get wind of the matter, or your credit is gone and mine with it.”

“ ‘Put all to rights,’ ” her brother mocked savagely. “That means telling everyone in London what a fool I’ve been. By the time you’ve finished, the Heathrows and their staff will not only have the tale, but they’ll stretch it out of reason—” he caught back a sob. “And when they offer to buy it back from Fallon, he’ll spread the story all over London that I wagered what I’d no right to . . . and no one will ever play cards with me again!”

Griselda, ignoring his plaintive wail, had been thinking hard. Suddenly she smiled. “Sholto, we’re home! I have the perfect solution! And if it works, no one need know of your mistake who doesn’t already!”

Torn between resentment and hope, the boy stared at her. “I can’t see what—”

“It’s perfect.” She smiled at him, ready as always to forgive him as soon as she had found a way out of the predicaments he got himself into. “I shall just go to him—”

“Go to who?” interrupted Sholto suspiciously.

“Whom,” corrected Griselda absently, her mind intent on the details of her plan. “Why, to your Mr. Fallon, of course.”

Sholto glared at her. “May I ask what you intend to do when you’ve gone to him?”

“It’s very unlikely Mr. Fallon has taken the matter of your wager seriously,” Griselda began.

It was the wrong thing to say.

“Just because you don’t take me seriously!” Sholto shouted at her. “The house should have been mine when my father died, and the farm, too! It’s not enough that my father left his only son hanging on a woman’s sleeve, like some poor relation! Now my sister has to shame me before all London, running to settle my affairs as though I were still in swaddling clothes!” He caught his breath and continued with a venom all the more startling because of its quietness. “I swear to you, Griselda, if you do this I shall leave the house and never return!”

“But I understood that was what we both would have to do,” his sister retorted. “All I am suggesting is that I visit the gentleman and ask him what he would take to sell the house back to us. You may do it, if you please, and I’ll get the money from the Heathrows as an advance on my dowry.” When he did not reply, but kept his burning gaze fastened on her face, she said gently, “Isn’t it a good plan, Sholto? You can handle all the negotiations. I’ll not appear in the matter at all, except for my visit to the Heathrows—and I swear to you I will not tell them why I need the money.”

In the same strange, hard voice, Sholto replied, “I suppose you cannot be expected to understand anything about a man’s honor. If you did, you would know that a gaming debt is the most serious a man can contract. It is play and pay. There is no negotiation.” Then his boy’s nature took over, and he burst out, “You think going to Fallon with some whining tale will get me out of this with credit? He’d have his lackeys shut the door in my face. And if you went—! How the clubs would buzz to that! Sholto Grant’s sister begging at Fallon’s door, and getting thrown into the streets for her pains!”

Griselda was not to be moved. “I doubt he’d have me thrown into the street,” she said reasonably. “Besides, I don’t think any of your new friends in the clubs even know you have a sister. I don’t go about in Society—” She caught her breath sharply. “I have it!”

“What?” demanded Sholto apprehensively.

“You said this Devil person is an ardent gamester?’

“ ‘Ardent’ ” parroted Sholto angrily. “If you’d been listening to me, you’d know he lives for gaming. By it, too, they say. He hasn’t a penny to his name but what he makes with his infernal skill and his even more infernal luck at a wager—”

“Then it’s likely he’d accept even an outrageous wager?”

Sholto did not often find himself in a position to instruct his efficient sister. Besides, his nerves were badly jangled by the precarious situation he found himself in, and exacerbated by the heavy potations of the night before. At this moment he felt that Griselda’s silly, persistent questions were designed to bait him in his misery.

“Devil Fallon is a gamester,” he announced, in a fury of exasperation. “Which means that gaming—the hazard of money or some other valuable consideration on the hope of a favorable turn of Fate—is his occupation, as cooking is a cook’s work and turning his master out fashionably is a valet’s. Does Cook refuse to prepare the dinners? Does Calver refuse to wait on me? Not if they wish to retain their places. Fallon’s place in Society is a deuced precarious one. Damme, the fellow’s got to accept wagers!”

Catching sight of his sister’s raised eyebrows, Sholto took a deep breath and moderated his tone. “Devil Fallon has never been known to refuse a wager, and they say around the clubs that he never loses. Does that answer your question?”

Oblivious to his sarcasm, Griselda persisted, “You mean he will accept any bet, no matter how ridiculous?”

Sholto raised his eyes to heaven. “I told you—! Let me put it this way: in the last three weeks, I have heard the following wagers offered him and accepted: one, that Lord Puff would not be made a vice-admiral by the end of this month; two, that Beau Ravenhurst would wear his silver coat and diamonds to Carleton House for Prinny’s birthday; three, that the Dowager Countess of Haney would still be alive by the first of July—”

“But she’s reported on her deathbed!” protested a scandalized Griselda.

Sholto, his poise restored by this exchange, merely shrugged.

Griselda’s eyes began to sparkle. “Then if men in general, and Fallon in particular, are such ninnies, I shall have no trouble at all in accomplishing my plan.”

“What is it?” demanded Sholto.

“The less you know about it, the less cause you will have to worry,” said his sister, incorrectly. “Now tell me. When may we expect to be turned out of the house? I am not familiar with the male etiquette which governs these matters.”

Sholto squirmed. Already he had fallen into the familiar comfort of the idea that Griselda would bring him safe out of his trouble. But she could make a man feel like a damned fool when he was most in need of sympathetic understanding. “There’s no haste,” he said stiffly. “He’ll make no move till I send him the keys.”

“Generous,” commented his sister. “Now, could you live at one of your—clubs for a month?”

“What fool’s notion have you got now?” began Sholto. “Why should I—”

“I am going to try,” said Griselda, her patience coming to an end, “to save your reputation and pay off Fallon. In order to do so, I’ll have to leave the house. Don’t object! You know we have no alternative. Haven’t you just lost it to Fallon? Neither one of us can remain. Could you, therefore, take lodging in one of the clubs you frequent?”

“Nobody,” said Sholto desperately, “lives at the clubs. Or the hells or the coffeehouses. Those are just places where gentlemen congregate—”

“—to lose their fortunes, homes, and respect,” summarized his sister, rather unjustly, but she was weary of his arguments. “Can you think of any other haven?”

“I suppose I could go with Dobey Gregg,” admitted Sholto grudgingly. “He’s been at me for a sennight to accompany him into the country to his parents’ place. He’s got to go on a repairing lease, you know, and wants company to avoid boredom.”

Griselda didn’t understand all of this, but was so thankful that he had thought of a place to go that she welcomed the idea with a warm smile. “How fortunate that you should know such a convenient person! Can you stretch the—er—repairing lease out for a month?”

“I’ll manage,” said her brother gloomily. The enormity of what he had done was finally getting through to his not too tender conscience. Even more disturbing was the fear of what folly his sister might be getting herself into. Still, Sholto thought with a ghost of malice, let her! She fancied herself such an excellent manager! Let her come to points with Devil Fallon. She might learn she was no smarter than her brother.





Chapter 4



Sholto, his good humor quite restored by the prospect of a month with boon companions at a lively country estate, hurried up the stairs shouting for Calver to come at once to help him pack. He leaned over the balustrade halfway up the stairs to order Wiggins to have his curricle brought around, and no, he’d take only Calver—how many servants could a man foist onto his host?

Griselda stood very still in the charming parlor, staring blindly at the door. The plan which had come into her mind was a daring one, and she was having second thoughts about the feasibility of it. If anything should go wrong . . . the more she thought about it, the more pitfalls and hazards she perceived. She might place the Grant family in a very bad light indeed.

She realized, if he did not, how ill-advised Sholto’s behavior had been. Ill-advised? It had been criminal folly, she told herself sternly, accepting the blame for not having taught him better. It was clear that Sholto needed a strong, masculine hand to guide him in the way that he should go. She tried to take comfort from the thought of her approaching marriage to Regis, but found herself quite unable to do so. For one thing, Regis was unlikely to command lasting respect from Sholto, who admired the position but not the man. Worse, it was not impossible that Regis’s parents would sever the connection with the Grants if word ever reached them of the disastrous wager, even if Griselda had brought it to a quiet and satisfactory outcome meanwhile. No, it was essential that she proceed as quickly as possible with her audacious plan—and hope no one but Devil Fallon ever learned of it.

Griselda sighed. If only Regis had been different! Had he been a man whose strength was within himself, not derived from family or position, she might have appealed to him for advice, even for help. You have only yourself to depend on, she told herself grimly. You must do this on your own, and the sooner you get the business organized, the better for Sholto and all concerned.

She went to her desk, a pretty toy her father had brought her from France, and began to write down the details of her scheme to recover both town house and farm. After a few minutes she became conscious of another presence in the room. She glanced up. Wiggins, staring worriedly at her, was standing just within the doorway. When he caught her eye he asked, “Miss Zelda, what is wrong?”

Griselda motioned him to enter and shut the door. Then she stared at him speculatively. She needed a confidant—confederate is a better word! she thought wryly—someone in the house who could help her. It had better be Wiggins. She had known him since her childhood; since her parents’ death he had served her faithfully, and supported her as well as he was able in her skirmishes with Sholto. Nodding with decision, she beckoned him to stand closer and said quietly, “Sholto has lost this house and the farm in a wager. I have an idea of a way to get them back without notifying the whole of London of his folly.”

Horrified, Wiggins whispered, “The Southerleighs! If they should hear of it!”

“Exactly,” said Griselda. “We cannot take the chance of Regis or his parents finding out.”

“The Heathrows?”

“I thought of them, but I am sure they’d never give me enough money to buy the property back unless I told them why I needed such a large sum immediately.

“But surely lawyers are trained to respect their clients’ confidence, Miss Zelda? And they know about the Southerleighs; they’d be as anxious for the connection as we all are.”

“Sholto feels that he could not endure to have his folly revealed to the Heathrows,” said Griselda, the more firmly because she herself agreed with Wiggins. “He knows he’s behaved badly, but he’s just a boy—”

“He is seventeen, Miss Zelda, and a man grown,” objected the old servant. “He should not be running to you to solve all his problems.”

“You are right, of course, but in this instance he is quite unable to come up with a solution, while I believe I may have found a way out of this which will not expose us all to censure or ridicule,” Griselda said soberly. “Let me tell you what I plan to do. You will help me, will you not? As you have done so many times since Mother and Father died?”

“Oh, Miss Zelda,” Wiggins answered in a voice shaken with emotion, “you know I’ll do anything in my power.”

“Wait until you hear what I propose,” Griselda advised him with a crooked smile.

“Anything!” repeated Wiggins devoutly.

“Very well, old friend, I shall hold you to that. First I want you to send all the servants to the farm. Tell them I’m having the house redecorated for the wedding. Sholto is going to spend a month with a friend in the country, so he’ll be out of the way. Then I want you to hire a skeleton staff of new people for this house, and stay here yourself to run things and act as liaison for me.”

“And where will you be, Miss Zelda?” asked the butler nervously.

“I shall be in London,” said Griselda evasively. “Wiggins, I do not wish to be mysterious. I am just not sure my plan will succeed, but whether it does or does not, I shall need you here to help me.”

“You know I’ll do my possible,” vowed Wiggins. “But Miss Zelda, take care what you do!”

Griselda nodded. “I am going to write a letter to the Southerleighs immediately, explaining that I have decided togo to Paris with a female companion to select my trousseau. I’ll suggest that Lord Southerleigh and Regis go ahead and consult with the Heathrows about the marriage settlements. They’ll disapprove of the trip to Paris, but I’m sure they’ll decide I’ve shown proper feeling in not being present during the financial arrangements.”

“You really do not like the Southerleighs, do you, Miss Zelda?” asked Wiggins with the freedom of an old retainer. “Do you think you should reconsider—?”

“No, Wiggins, we both know I could never find a better match than Regis. And it is not as though I had fallen in love with anyone else—”

“I should hope not, Miss Zelda,” said Wiggins repressively. He sighed. “It’s times like this when I wish your father was here.”

“I, too, but he is not, and I must do the best I can to put all to rights.”

“You had better tell me the rest of the plan, Miss Zelda,” the butler said firmly. “I’m thinking it must be a chancy one by the way you’re skirting around it.”

Griselda shrugged resignedly. She told him about Devil Fallon, the gamester could could not resist a wager. “My scheme is simply to offer him a wager he can’t possibly win, and make the stakes high enough to ransom back the house and the farm.”

Wiggins was appalled. “And if you lose, Miss Zelda?”

“I shall not,” retorted the girl.

“That is most likely what Master Sholto thought,” said Wiggins. “What is the subject of this wager?”

“I must not tell you. Don’t tease me,” pleaded Griselda. “If it works, I may be back here soon, needing your help.”

“It’s no good, Miss Zelda,” said the old man sternly. “I’m that upset already by what you’ve said, I’ll not be able to rest until you tell me the whole of it. I’m afraid for your good name.”

“Oh! Then you may be at ease, Wiggins. I am going to be using a different name and looking like a different person. So, whatever may happen, Miss Griselda Grant will never be connected with the business.”

Wiggins was stammering with alarm and disapproval. “Any person who’d ever seen your pretty face and hair—” he began.

Griselda gave a crow of delight. “You have just solved a problem,” she said. “I’ll dye my hair black. Then with a disguise on my face—”

“Disguise!” In his agitation, Wiggins forgot his training. “You must be all about in your head! What your father would say to such a skimble-skamble charade, or to me for letting you enter into it, I dread to think! Let me hear no more of this nonsense!”

Correctly evaluating the anxiety and genuine affection behind the old servant’s air of outrage, Griselda said gently, “On the contrary, I have decided to share the whole plan with you. When you have heard, and thought about it, I hope you will agree to help me—because we really are in the basket, Wiggins, if we can’t make a recover from Sholto’s folly.”

Wiggins stared at her with an anguished expression. He was forced to admit she was right. More than the possession of property hung on her quick wits. If word of the boy’s act leaked into Society, he would be permanently disgraced. Sighing his defeat, Wiggins asked, “What do you plan to do, Miss Zelda?”

“First, I must be sure I am not recognized. Very few people look closely at servants, especially those of other people. So I am going to present myself at the residence of Mr. Timothy Fallon as a discreet, middle-aged housekeeper, formerly employed by Mr. Sholto Grant. I shall wear a plain black gown and a white mobcap into which I shall tuck all my hair . . . and I intend to disguise my face.”

“How?” asked Wiggins wretchedly. The entire situation was appalling to him, but his loyalty to his young mistress was stronger than his fearful distaste for the whole predicament.

“Remember Sophie, the kitchenmaid? Her face was marked by a heavy scar. Even her fellow servants avoided looking at her. I shall want you to purchase court plaster, gum arabic, ceruse paste, and carmine at an apothecary’s. By the time I’ve finished, I promise even you won’t recognize me.”

This intelligence failed to reassure the butler, who was stunned by the sudden disastrous turn the affairs of his mistress had taken. Shaking his head, he muttered, “Oh lord, what’s to do?”

“Go out at once and get me the materials to counterfeit the scar, Wiggins! I can’t trust anyone but you to get the task done correctly and discreetly, and you’ll agree I must not be seen making such purchases myself!”

Wiggins agreed it would set tongues wagging. “Well, then, Miss Zelda, I’ll go at once.” He hurried off.

Griselda sighed. She had recruited Wiggins without telling him just how daring her scheme actually was. She hoped she would not have to tell him. He would be sure to object, and to do his best to stop her. He might even take it into his head to the Heathrows.

But the old servant surprised her. She had just finished seeing Sholto off in his curricle, with Calver primly perched beside him, when Wiggins came into the parlor with a parcel sealed with red wax.

“The—things you sent for, Miss Zelda.”

“Thank you, Wiggins! That will be all for now.”

Wiggins closed the door behind him and advanced purposefully toward her.

“Not quite, Miss Zelda. I’m going along with this dangerous scheme because I can’t think of any other way out of Master Sholto’s dilemma, but I shall insist that you tell me what it is you are going to do. I owe it to your father, Miss Zelda, and that you know.”

“I am going to Mr. Fallon’s house disguised as Sholto’s housekeeper, give him the keys, and . . . and offer him a wager he can’t resist,” she ended lamely.

Wiggins was inexorable. “And what might be the exact nature of this wager?”

Griselda spoke more confidently than she felt. “Something I can do better than he can.”

Wiggins shook his head. “I can’t let you get yourself involved with this person. What do we know of his breeding—his morals?”

Griselda shrugged. “What choice have we? You know we can not let Sholto be shamed publicly—or carted off to gaol.”

“It would never come to that, Miss Zelda!”

“I must act—and I truly believe I have a chance to win. Can’t you trust me, Wiggins?”

“What is the wager?” Wiggins persisted firmly.

“I have thought that my own talent—if I have one—is in the skillful management of the household—”

“That’s true enough,” acknowledged Wiggins with dawning hope. “You’re a wonder! And so says Cook and all of us. But how could that serve the case?”

“I shall go to the gentleman and wager that I can manage his household for one month better than it has ever been done before—”

But Wiggins was frowning and shaking his head.

“Nay, Miss Zelda, that’ll never wash! You’d have to live in the creature’s lodgings . . . He might presume . . . I cannot permit it.”

Griselda frowned at his stubborn old face. “Wiggins, I shall return here every night.”

“What if someone who knows you saw you there? Regis Southerleigh? We should be undone!”

“Regis in the home of a common gamester? Unthinkable! His dear mamma would never permit it! Even if someone I know should chance to visit the man’s lodging, which I cannot believe to be at all possible, how should they see me! How many times have our own guests seen Cook?”

Wiggins was struck by the truth of this; still he shook his head. “I cannot like the scheme, Miss Zelda.”

Griselda stood up. Her lovely face assumed so much of Simon Grant’s determination that Wiggins was startled. “Nevertheless, it must be done. Now get on with sending the servants to the farm. I’ll go up and try on my mask.”

She picked up the parcel from the apothecary shop and went out of the parlor with a rustle of silken skirts.





Chapter 5



At Number Six Bishop Street, Denny poked his head cautiously into his master’s bedchamber, eyed the long recumbent figure with considerable trepidation mixed with admiration. Himself slept very neat, not at all a sprawl and snoring like his father, rest his soul. Still, the black Fallon temper was there, smoldering under that calm surface, and Denny was not the man to forget it. He sidled gingerly into the room.

There was a warning growl from the bed. The little valet gulped nervously, and looked with longing toward the door, but moved a foot nearer to his master.

“Sir,” he stammered, “beggin’ yer pardon—”

“Blast you, Denny,” came a soft voice from the bed, “If you’ve disturbed me without adequate reason, I’ll thrash you first and discharge you afterwards. Is the house on fire?”

“There’s a—a person, sir,” Denny began, eyes fixed on the long shape under the rumpled quilt.

“A person, is it?” mocked his master. “You wouldn’t mean a woman, by any chance? Well, show her out, you mealy-mouthed fool,” the quiet voice became deadly, “and the next time you waken me to announce some slut—”

“Oh, no, sir!” Denny took his courage in his hands. “Sir, she is very determined, and a respectable woman into the bargain.”

Devil Fallon lunged up, seized the heavy water pitcher from the table by his bed, and hurled it at Denny, all in one swift movement. The servant dodged with the ease of practice.

“Get your miserable carcass out of here, you peat-eating bog-trotter!” roared his master, swinging his legs out of bed. “If you haven’t learned by now that no respectable woman would be caught dead in my rooms, it’s time I taught you—”

“That,” interrupted a female voice from the doorway, “is where you are mistaken, Mr. Fallon. If it makes any difference, I am generally conceded to be respectable, and I have certainly called upon you. On a matter of business.”

At the sound of the woman’s voice, the tall Irishman had scrambled with ludicrous haste back under the covers, from which security he stared at the newcomer openmouthed. Denny hurried forward in an agony of embarrassment to drape a modish dressing robe over his master’s bare torso, but Fallon pushed him aside absentmindedly, and sat staring at the visitor.

It was undeniably a female figure, somberly clad in a voluminous black gown and cape, and topped by a black poke bonnet and a veil.

“Draw back the draperies, Denny,” Fallon requested, and reached for his quizzing glass. That highly fashionable bauble was unable to help him pierce the shrouding veil. After a long look, he snapped his fingers for Denny, and permitted the valet to help him on with the robe and straighten his bedcovers. As the servant stepped back, Fallon addressed his visitor.

“Well, madam, in what way may I serve you?”

“At least,” the enigmatic figure announced in a voice whose quality sent Fallon’s eyebrows up, “you haven’t instructed your lackeys to throw me into the street.”

“Had you expected that?” The man’s lips curved into a reluctant smile. “I may do so any moment.” He put strong, white fingers to his forehead and winced slightly. “Denny—get coffee! My head—!” He returned his gaze to the woman. “Do you feel that you might, with propriety, remove your veil? I must confess that after a night of drinking, your somber facelessness smacks too strong of the Grim Reaper to set easy on my stomach.”

With perfect self-possession the woman lifted her veil, took off her bonnet and cape, and handed them to the dumbfounded Denny. She advanced a step or two closer to the window and stood quietly for Fallon’s inspection.

He saw a woman of medium height, whose superb figure could not be disguised even by the plain black gown she wore. Her hair was neatly covered by a mobcap with a tiny ruffle all around. Her eyes, which met his steadily, were an arresting shade of dark blue, almost violet. But it was difficult to focus on anything on her face except the scar.

“Not very pretty, is it, sir? Would you rather I put on my bonnet and veil again, sir? My face may set harder on your uneasy stomach than the veil.”

Fallon focused his eyes on her face. It would have been lovely, he thought, had it not been so hideously marred. The features were delicate, but the observer’s eye was inevitably drawn and held by the great red scar which crossed one cheek and pulled at the soft, well-shaped mouth. A disciplined mouth, for all its softness, Fallon decided. He forced his gaze back to her steady eyes, his own gray eyes soft with pity.

“My dear ma’am,” he said gently, “whatever it is you’re wanting, I’m thinking you’ve come to the wrong place. You’d best be leaving at once.”

The woman shook her head. “I have come on a particular business. With your permission, I intend to stay a considerable time. A month, perhaps. And the first thing I shall do is cure that queasy stomach.”

Devil Fallon had had his lips open to blast the presumptuous female, but as the import of her final words sank in, he changed what he had been going to say. “If you were able to perform such a miracle as that, I’m damned if I might not decide to keep you here. But it’s beyond even Denny’s power.”

Griselda favored Denny with a friendly smile.

“Your man is an excellent valet, I make no doubt, sir. Yet a woman’s hand is needed, and sorely needed, in this establishment.”

Fallon’s face hardly changed, but Denny quailed as though dodging a blow, and cast a glance of anguished warning at the doomed female.

“One thing this establishment does not need and will never have,” icy contempt framed every word, “is a woman’s hand, if by that nauseating phrase you mean some meddling female seeking to direct my household and affairs. Denny, you will show this lady to the door. Madam, good day!” He settled back against his pillows with a mirthless smile.

Griselda took no notice of words or action.

“I said, Mr. Fallon, that I had come upon a matter of business. I intend to make an effort to transact it before I leave this house.”

Fallon flung himself up to face her. “Od’s body, madam, shall I have you ejected forcibly?”

Griselda set her mouth and stared back at him.

After a moment of mutually hostile glaring, Fallon’s eyes narrowed and he shrugged. He extended a deceptively slender hand, to whose iron strength Denny could have testified. “Come here, my dear. Perhaps we should become better acquainted. Pleasure before business, eh?”

Griselda met the challenging mockery in his eyes without affectation. “I am not a wanton, though I admit my presence here might offer grounds for such a suspicion in a mind of mediocre apprehension.” As Fallon’s eyebrows shot up, she continued with a flash of insight, “Neither am I a prim Miss to be frightened away by a leer. If I may be permitted to state my business—”

“Od’s life, madam,” roared the now thoroughly exasperated Fallon, running his hands through his heavy black hair in a gesture of agony, “state your damned business and make an end to it! My head is killing me!”

Griselda smiled with maddening calm. “I shall fix that as soon as we conclude our business. Briefly, then—”

“Thank God for small mercies,” interjected Fallon darkly.

“—briefly, Mr. Fallon, do you know one Sholto Grant?”

“Grant? snarled Fallon. “Yes, if it’s any concern of yours, I know the fatuous puppy. What—?”

“Last night,” Griselda continued inexorably, “you won the fatuous puppy’s London house and his country estate, did you not?”

An ominous frown darkened the gamester’s face. “Who gave you license to meddle in the affairs of gentlemen? Be good enough to tell me how you learned of this, and what concern it is of yours?” A sudden thought struck him, and he grinned viciously. “Has the fatuous puppy sent you to get his property back?”

Griselda set her jaw against an inner alarm. No fool, this Fallon. He was dangerously close to the mark. She kept voice and manner calm.

“I have brought you the keys to the town house, sir. Mr. Wiggins, Mr. Grant’s butler, and I are very anxious to know if we and the other servants are to be kept on—”

“My good woman,” Fallon interrupted her in a milder tone, “why didn’t you introduce yourself properly? If you and your husband are worried—”

“You mistake me,” Griselda interrupted in her turn. “I am not Mistress Wiggins. I am Mrs. Meek. I have served as Mr. Grant’s cook and housekeeper for a number of years. When I learned that Mr. Grant had—transferred ownership of the house to you, I decided it would be best if I came into your service.”

“Best for whom?” inquired Fallon silkily. Denny, standing near the door, hardly dared to breathe. Sure an’ this poor, foolish woman had no way of knowin’ that the one thing Tim Fallon hated more than a woman was a managing woman! The valet waited for the lightning to strike.

“You were saying,” purred Fallon, “that you had decided it was best—?”

“For everyone concerned,” said the poor, foolish woman briskly. Fallon stared at her for several moments in silence. Griselda waited with composure, as though her proposal were the most natural in the world. At length, with the ominous quiet which marked his most dangerous moods, Fallon spoke.

“Get out, Denny.”

With a warning glance at the woman, Denny slipped out the door. Fallon addressed Griselda. “Now, Miss Respectability, what’s your game?”

“There is no game,” began Griselda in the sweetly reasonable tone which never failed to reduce brother Sholto to sullen obedience.

Tim Fallon was of another metal.

“Give me credit for some intelligence, however mediocre my apprehension,” he snapped. “Your speech is that of an educated woman. You are not an ordinary housekeeper seeking a position in the ordinary way—”

“Would I have got it, if I had?” challenged the girl.

“You would not,” Fallon conceded grimly. “Nor will you—”

“I did not think so, and I am not stupid enough to waste time on a foredoomed venture.” She marched back to the window and stood with the sunlight streaming across her face, an arresting and moving sight, as she very well knew. “I am as you see me,” she said, “and I will try to explain my proposal without feminine guile. I happen to be a good cook and housekeeper, and I am desperately in need of money. There are few ways for a female to earn large sums of money honestly—”

“You might try marrying it,” sneered Fallon, and then fell silent in embarrassment as he considered her marred face.

Griselda ignored the interjection. “I will not beg, and I cannot borrow the sum I need. I cannot walk into the clubs and win it at piquet; indeed, I should probably lose. Therefore I am forced to secure the money in any way I am able. I have been reliably informed that you cannot resist a wager. That, in fact, your acceptance in the better clubs is in great measure due to the fact that you never refuse to accept such bets. Mr. Fallon, I wish to wager my services against five thousand pounds that I am the best servant you ever had.”

“What incredible nonsense is this?” Fallon, smarting from her accurate analysis of his precarious position in high society, was at least startled out of his ill-temper and definitely interested. “You force your way into my bedchamber at an unhallowed hour. You talk till my head aches. And then you present, as though it were the most reasonable thing in the world, a wager whose terms are so utterly ridiculous—”

“You are Devil Fallon, are you not?” asked Griselda, with raised eyebrows. “I have not come to the wrong house?”

The man in the bed gripped at the covers as though to fling them off, caught her mildly inquiring gaze, and thought better of it. With a visible effort, he controlled himself.

“I am often called Devil Fallon,” he acknowledged between set teeth. “As to your absurd proposal—”

“Then let us have done with this fencing,” retorted Griselda. “Either you accept my wager or you refuse it. I warn you that I am sure of winning.” Her gaze swept the room critically. “I have never seen an establishment which offered so many opportunities for improvement.”

Fallon followed her gaze. The merciless sunlight revealed dust and disorder everywhere. Crumpled clothing draped the chairs and lay in heaps on the floor. A tray bearing the remains of a former meal jostled two empty bottles and some sticky glasses on the highboy. On the lowboy was a jumble of bills, coins, jewelry, a snuffbox and several soiled cravats. The man averted his eyes in time to catch Griselda’s challenging smile.

“Of course, I’ll withdraw at once if you are afraid to have a woman in the house, though I assure you you are safe with me. I am not one of your susceptible females.”

“Viper,” Fallon said with a reluctant grin.

“Just so,” Griselda went on equably. “Perhaps you are hesitant to wager because I am so sure to win?”

“That is the second time you have expressed that sentiment,” said Fallon. “If you were a man, madam, I should be obliged to call you out. But perhaps you are aware that I cannot call out a female, and that is why you feel safe in making a libelous allegation.”

“A neat riposte,” commended Griselda, pursuing her momentary advantage. “Surely this is an unconscionable deal of bother either for a wager or the hiring of a cook, is it not?” Her faintly superior smile set the gentleman’s teeth on edge. He controlled his emotions and kept his voice soft with an effort.

“You seem strangely unsure of your role in this farce you are playing, my girl. Are you a cook applying for a post, or a gamester offering a wager? You should perhaps have been informed by your—sponsors that a man wagers only with his equals—”

“Fiddle-faddle,” said Griselda, matter-of-factly dismissing this lofty flight. “I have no secret sponsors, and I wasn’t born yesterday. A wager is a wager—if one has the stomach for it.”

Fallon, thus rudely reminded of his unfortunate potations of the previous evening, bellowed with a mixture of exasperation and nausea, “Witchwife! Am I to listen to your ignorant and presumptuous remarks all day? Let me remind you, madam, that you are in my bedroom, at your own invitation, and that I am heartily sick of you and your ridiculous wager!”

“Easy enough to remedy that,” retorted Griselda cheerfully. “Accept the wager and I’ll go below stairs at once and begin my part in it.”

“God forbid!” exclaimed Fallon with a shudder. “Your sex, ma’am, is by natural constitution—proving the wisdom of a kindly deity—quite unable to comprehend the intricacies and requirements of the male pastime of gaming. For example,” he continued, raising his voice to forestall her attempt to interrupt, “for instance, what happens when a woman attempts to wager at cards? She loses, inevitably, and then the man is treated to a display of coquetry or tears—or both!—designed to persuade him that she was unaware of the true nature of the terms of the wager, or he was mistaken, or he cheated her, and he’s really a monster, the greatest beast in nature, to hold her to it—”

“I shall not enact you any such Cheltenham tragedies,” said Griselda crisply, interrupting the flow of his oratory. “For a sex which has been known to bet on whether a certain tulip of the ton would or would not wear a silver brocade coat to a ball, and whether an aged peeress would or would not die before a certain date, you seem to make a great to-do over a simple matter of your creature comfort.”

“But that’s just it!” shouted the embattled gamester. “Those were sensible bets—wagers whose outcome would be clear and indisputable! But a matter of—what were your ridiculous terms?—whether you are the best servant I ever had! . . . Absurd! How could one possibly measure such a matter? For one thing, servitude is personal! Denny has been my body-servant since we both were boys. He knows my ways. No female, however accomplished, could ever replace him for me!”

“Very commendable,” said Griselda in kinder tones. “I had not believed you to have so much sensibility.” Then as his dark eyebrows drew down, she continued, “My attitude is surely not to be wondered at, when one considers that you fleece boys young enough to be your sons out of their homes and fortunes, sir, every night at the gaming tables.”

He spoke through gritted teeth. “I do not make a habit of playing with boys young enough to be my sons, nor with counter-coxcombs too green to know that one doesn’t wager beyond one’s ability to pay—” He governed his emotions with an effort. “Enough of this fruitless argument. I am competently served. I have no need of more servants, my household is administered to my complete satisfaction—”

The effect of the toplofty dismissal was somewhat marred by a sudden thunderous knocking upon the street door, directly below the bedroom window. Devil Fallon winced, put one hand to his aching head, then tried to speak above the din. “I advise you to leave this room before I begin to ask questions which might prove embarrassing.”

The knocking below had been succeeded by a hubbub of shouting voices, obviously within the building. Denny came hurrying into the room, anxious eyes on his master’s face. Through the opened bedroom door came loud voices in challenge and demand.

“For God’s sake, Denny, what is that racket? Get downstairs and find out who it is and what they want!”

Denny ran out. Fallon glared at Griselda. “And if you, ma’am, will have the courtesy to leave my bedroom, I shall be able to dress and investigate the trouble for myself.”

Griselda considered his furious face, her mind at the stretch. Until this moment it had seemed to her that her desperate ploy had failed. Could it be that the trouble downstairs might afford her an opportunity to retrieve the situation? She bit at her knuckle, trying to estimate how far she could safely go in defying the furious male in the bed.

Denny, pale and worried, slipped back into the room. “Sir—Mr. Fallon . . .”

“Well, idiot, what’s to do?”

“Your creditors, sir,” breathed the little valet. “They’re in a nasty mood! I’m afraid nothing will satisfy them but to confront you in person.” Observing the danger signs in his master’s face, he hurried to add, “It seems they’ve got wind of your good fortune of last evening—” His eyes went to the large, untidy pile of banknotes and gold coins on the lowboy.

“Vultures!” snapped Fallon. “Throw ‘em out!”

“There’s too many of ‘em,” said Denny simply.

Griselda smiled. “Is this a regular occurrence in your establishment, sir?” she inquired sweetly. “In such circumstances my services might prevent many an unpleasant moment.”

Fallon, at first enraged by her attitude, gradually began to smile. It was not by any means a reassuring grimace, and Denny, wiser in his master’s ways than Griselda could be, trembled for her.

“You really think you could manage this?” Fallon asked.

“Yes,” said Griselda.

“Then pray do so, at once,” invited the gentleman.

Griselda glanced at the untidy pile of money on the lowboy. “Shall I settle the accounts with some of this?”

Fallon grinned maliciously. “Surely you can handle a few wretched tradesmen without paying them off? After all, even Denny could take care of their demands given unlimited funds. No, no, ma’am, that would be no test of your vaunted abilities!”

Griselda narrowed her eyelids. It was to be war, then, with no quarter. So much the better! She was beginning to detest this arrogant gamester, this fleecer of children, this sneering woman-hater. She pulled her wits together in the face of his triumphant smile. The opportunity was too good to be lost because of womanly sensibilities.

“If I deal with this rabble to your complete satisfaction, may I assume that you accept our wager?”

“Indeed you may—if you can deal with it,” replied Fallon cordially.

“Very well, then, I shall go down and do so,” said Griselda, putting her bonnet back on.

As she left the bedroom, Denny cast a reproachful glance at his master. “There is more than enough on your honor’s bureau to satisfy every one of those yapping spalpeens,” he ventured to protest. “Will you not let me take some money down to the lady, sir? ’Tis afraid I am they will do her an injury.”

“Good!” said Fallon, smiling at the thought. “Then we shall be rid of her, shall we not? Quick, help me into my dressing robe. It would be a shame to miss the scene of her rout.”





Chapter 6



Griselda stood at the top of the narrow stairway. The contentious voices echoed loud and unpleasant in the confined space. The girl drew in a steadying breath and began firmly to descend the steps. When she was about halfway down, one of the angry tradesmen chanced to espy her and stopped in the middle of a vociferous accusation. Gradually one after another of Mr. Fallon’s creditors fell silent, following the direction of the first one’s open-eyed stared.

It was perhaps not to be wondered at. Griselda, draped in funereal black, was a daunting figure even to an honest tradesman with an account long overdue. The majority of the men there knew they had really nothing to fear. Devil Fallon had a sound reputation; he paid his bills, if not promptly, at least in full and without argument. But it had been a satisfying thing to behave to a man of Fallon’s position as they would never have dared to act toward a gentleman. To express themselves forcefully in a gamester’s house assuaged their resentment at the cavalier treatment they usually received in the establishments of his social superiors.

Griselda’s sudden appearance cast a damper on the proceedings. Grim and somber as an intimation of mortality, she now moved slowly down to stand a little above them. The ringleader, a stout, red-faced man, shrewdly judging by Griselda’s unfashionable costume that he had only a poor relation or a superior servant to deal with, opened his mouth to assert his claim. But his opponent was wise in the ways of handling persons of his order. She got in first.

“Am I to assume,” she inquired in a voice of chilling respectability, “that you ruffians are a drunken and disorderly rabble, or that you have deliberately entered this house to attack a defenseless woman?”

Faced with these unsavory choices, the red-faced man took a step backward. “Now, Missus, ye’ve got no call to speak to us loike that,” he protested, trying for a firm tone. “We only wants our roights—”

Quick to see an advantage, Griselda raised her voice in a ladylike but unmusical screech. “Riot! Oh, Heavens! Denny! Hang out the window and call the Watch! This villain threatens Riot!”

Divide and conquer, thought Fallon with reluctant admiration from the shadows at the top of the stairs. It was plain that the tradesmen felt the situation was deteriorating rapidly. A subdued but anxious chorus offered excuses and reassurances to this very formidable female, and a number of resentful looks were cast at the ringleader. This worthy felt it incumbent upon him to regain his position of strength, so with a wary glance up the stairs, where the Denny appealed to might even now be shouting out the window for the guardians of the peace, he said, roughly,

“Now then, Missus, no offense meant, I’m sure, but we’re all honest tradesmen—”

“Tradesmen!” screeched the female dragon in a voice so shrill it caused her audience to wince. “This cannot be true! A ruse! Angels and Ministers of Grace, defend me!”

“A nice classic touch,” commented Fallon. “Knows her Shakespeare.”

There was a hasty babble of assurances corroborating the claim: “But we are! . . . Toby’s right! . . . Believe us, Missus, we’re nought but loyal honest English merchants . . .”

“Merchants!” Griselda’s earlier screech was a whisper compared to this latest effort. “MERCHANTS? Lies! Lies! An honest English merchant would present his account decently and in order at the tradesmen’s entrance, not force his way into the front hall in a drunken frenzy! Oh, help! Robbery! Murder! Rape! Ye gods, will no one protect a defenseless woman?”

Fallon, shaking with laughter, had to restrain Denny, who was quite carried away by Mistress Meek’s virtuoso performance. The consternation in the ranks of the tradesmen, who knew they had no business where they were, was so great that several of the more timid sort actually slipped out the front door and hastened off down the street, trying to appear unconscious of the piercing wails now echoing from Mr. Fallon’s residence.

The more heroic of the remaining creditors labored valiantly to quiet the terrible female, ruthlessly thrusting their erstwhile leader to the rear, and pleading to be directed to the tradesmen’s entrance forthwith. Griselda allowed herself to be calmed after a time, and in a shaking voice announced that if they were indeed honest tradesmen, and not drunken rioters and despoilers of helpless English womanhood, she would receive their accounts, and hand out the payment on the following day. She directed the cowed and apologetic men to file past her singly and deliver their statements into her hands.

At once the burly fellows formed a line and obeyed her instructions with touching alacrity, escaping thankfully into the street and dispersing without conversation. Griselda closed the front door upon the last craven back, and turned to find Devil Fallon grinning at her.

“An impressive performance! But I shall have to find myself a new set of tradesmen.”

“On the contrary, these will return tomorrow, better behaved but determined to be satisfied. And tomorrow, having checked each item carefully, I shall pay them—with your ill-gotten gains.”

Fallon chuckled. “So you shall, Mistress Meek. You have demonstrated superior ability in handling presumptuous tradesmen, but it was wicked, ma’am, wicked!” He looked at her, the vestiges of a smile around his lips. “Why did you not challenge some such provable items as overcharging or short count? I’ll be bound the rascals are cheating me.”

“Quite possibly,” agreed Griselda. “Yet had I attacked them on such an issue, I should have failed. Your London merchant considers it his natural prerogative—his inalienable right—to overcharge and short weight his wealthy customers. Had I leveled accusations in that direction, I should have been regarded as a silly female with no worldly sense. I should also have united them against their common enemy, the customer. When, however, I pretended to believe they had come to murder or rape a defenseless female, I took them by surprise. I flattered their virility and divided their ranks.”

Fallon had ceased to smile. “I perceive that you are a very dangerous female indeed,” he said. “Pray God I do not rue the day I accepted your wager.”

Griselda nodded. “And now, sir, will you instruct Denny to show me to my room—”

“Your room!” bellowed Fallon. “That was not in the bargain! There is no provision in this place for a woman to live!”

“Mr. Fallon,” said Griselda patiently, “I have lodgings elsewhere. I merely hoped some small room could be provided for my headquarters during the day, so that I might keep out of the way of yourself and your guests.”

Denny, concealing a smile, interjected the information that there was a small room at the end of the hall, next to the service pantry, which would do nicely for Mistress Meek’s office. In a failing voice his master urged him to conduct the lady thither without loss of time, and was making his escape up the stairs when his new housekeeper’s voice reached him dulcetly.

“The money, sir? For the tradesmen?”

“Yes, yes, Denny shall bring it to you as soon as he has you safely bestowed!”

As Griselda followed Denny down the hall toward the rear of the house, it must be regretfully chronicled that they both were smiling.





Chapter 7



Although he had accepted Mistress Meek’s wager, Mr. Tim Fallon was very much on the alert, during the days which followed the classic Rout of the Creditors, to repel any encroachment on the part of the redoubtable woman. True to her word, however, Mistress Meek seldom intruded herself upon his notice. She accomplished her miracles unobtrusively, but the house itself spoke of her presence. Everything was shining clean, warm, fragrant, comfortable and orderly. Mr. Fallon’s linen was immaculately laundered and stacked in fresh-smelling piles in his highboy. His coats were neatly pressed and hung in the armoire with a ball of lavender to scent them unobtrusively. Meals were served on time, and they were of such excellent quality that Mr. Fallon found himself dining at home with increasing frequency.

His bath water, once cold and scanty, was now delivered by a clean, smartly attired boot-boy, and it was abundant, piping hot and set out before a cheerful fire. Regarding it and the heap of snowy towels which warmed on the hearth, Fallon raised a skeptical eyebrow.

“Decadent luxury, Denny! We are under the cat’s foot and no mistake!”

Denny beamed, “Yes, isn’t it fine, sir? Everything goin’ so smooth and easylike?”

Fallon sniffed. “All surfaces within this house which are capable of being waxed, washed or polished have received such treatment,” he observed with a saturnine smile as Denny helped him into his bath. “I foresee the day not far distant when you and Orrible and Barty will find yourselves similarly served.”

“She can polish me till I shine like a doorknob, yer honor,” said Orrible with a maudlin smile, arriving at this moment with his master’s boots polished to a gleaming luster. “We’re ‘avin’ apple tart wi’ cream, an’ beefsteak and kidney puddin’ tonight.”

Cuffing him for impudence, Denny sent him back below stairs. But when the boy was safely out of earshot, Denny said softly, “Mistress Meek is a wonder, sir. And the primest cook I ever ate after.”

“She is not so remarkable,” objected Mr. Fallon mendaciously.

Denny glanced at him. “She’s been here three weeks, sir,” he ventured. “Will—will she win her wager?”

Fallon frowned. “I wonder when we shall discover what she is really after? Her sex is treacherous. They are most dangerous when they are coaxing and seductive.”

“Mistress Meek ain’t all that coaxing,” objected Denny. “She keeps us in order below stairs.” He grinned. “Even Orrible.”

“You mean she nags you? Browbeats? Whines?” asked Fallon.

“No, sir. She’s very quiet and pleasant with it all—but we do as she tells us.”

Fallon’s brow was a thundercloud. “I knew it! Give a woman a foothold and she schemes to control the whole place! She shall leave tomorrow!”

“Oh, no, sir!” protested Denny, aghast. “She’s done us no harm, sir—only good!”

“Got you all bamboozled, has she? Fool! Have you forgotten so soon that one of her cozening, sweet-voiced sex nearly had you transported as a thief?”

Denny faced his master’s anger bravely.

“I’ve not forgotten that lady, sir, nor what she did to both of us. I just believe Mistress Meek is a very different sort.”

“My poor idiot, they are all alike,” Fallon advised him cynically. “Maid or mistress, plain or pretty, they are heartless bitches. I shall tilt a lance with our kitchen paragon this very day.” He surveyed his image in the sparkling mirror, then added, absently, “After dinner.”

“Yes, sir,” said Denny meekly, but his downcast eyes held a hint of laughter.





While he was still determined to force the issue, Devil Fallon found his mood almost benign after the toothsome meal that evening. The beefsteak pie had been only one of a number of tempting dishes; the apple tart with cream being of such superior seductiveness—crisp melting crust, juicy apples, crunchy spice and sugar blended—that he had requested Denny to bring it back twice. However, his mind was made up, and he told Denny to ask Mistress Meek to wait upon him in the dining room while he drank his port.

Denny expressed regret. “Were you wishful to speak to her, sir? I’m afraid she’s left us.”

“Left us?” Fallon experienced a sharp sense of shock.

“Gone home, sir. You’ll remember you forbade her to stay in the house overnight.”

“Oh—yes. But you knew I intended to speak—” he stared suspiciously into his valet’s blandly inquiring countenance. There was nothing there he could seize on. “Well, tell her I wish to see her after breakfast tomorrow.”

“Yes, sir,” said Denny. “Will your honor be going out tonight?”

“No, I think not. I’ll have a glass of brandy in the drawing room, and read a book.” He gave a short bark of laughter without humor. “Quite a while since the parson’s son sat down for a quiet evening with the classics, eh, Denny?”

Denny’s sentimental Irish heart was moved by his master’s speech. “Och, an’ those were the good days, sir! Your sainted father on one side of the hearth, you on the other, each with his nose in a book, and the sherry between you—”

Fallon interrupted this panegyric harsh-voiced. “And never enough coals to keep the fire going, and the sherry scarce fit to drink! And none of you paid your wages for a twelvemonth! Sing me no sentimental songs, you Irish spalpeen! Get my hat. I’m off to White’s.”

Regretfully the servant brought the hat and saw his master out the door. Fallon’s gaming, though it was now a way of life and a successful one to boot, never ceased to frighten him.

If I’d kept my mouth shut on me, he mourned, maybe his honor would have kept to the house. Will I never learn to manage him? I have failed his sainted father—may he rest in peace!

Denny went sadly down to the kitchen to be warm while he waited up for his young master’s return. Sitting in the dark, watching the flickers of light from the grating of the stove for comfort, he thought of Mistress Meek, and then of the great lady who had nearly got him transported to Australia. Fallon’s bitter comment, made earlier in the day, had brought the whole scene back into his mind. It had been the mare started it all—the lovely little Irish thoroughbred roan, shining dark red and gold in the sunlight of the country lane.

He had found her straying, recognized her at once as belonging to the Lady Roslyn Maghery, and set out to return her. Boylike, for he was little more than a lad at the time, Denny unwisely mounted the lovely animal to ride her to her home stables. He had not gone one hundred yards before he encountered a great black stallion with Lord Ronyl Maghery up. The nobleman caught at the mare’s bridle and pulled her up.

“What’s this? What are ye doin’ on me sister’s horse?”

“I’m returnin’ her to the stable, sir,” Denny faltered.

“Returnin’ her from where, ye thievin’ scut?” Lord Ronyl struck the boy a blow that sent him flying out of the saddle.

Denny picked himself up. “From the spinney, sir, on Black-gallows Hill. I was walkin’ from Cordover Village with a package for the Reverend Fallon, sir, when I saw her ladyship’s mare. I thought it would be best to return her to the Towers before harm came to her—”

It was then that both lord and servant heard the rapid beat of hooves and the sound of laughing voices. Out of the spinney and down the road came a powerful gray horse bearing a man and a girl. When they saw the tableau in the center of the road, the man pulled up sharply.

Lord Ronyl glared black anger at the newcomers.

“What the devil were ye doin’ in that spinney, Ros?” he shouted at her.

“Looking for Molly, of course. What else?” her ladyship had said, saucily.

“How came you off her? Ye’ll not be tellin’ me ye fell off?” sneered her brother. He turned to the man. “Set down me sister, Hardacre. I’ll see her home. And I’m servin’ ye warnin’ ye’ll not be welcome at the Towers in the future!”

Lady Roslyn flamed out at that, “What’s in your dirty mind, then? I dismounted to check her shoe—”

“Say ye so, indeed?” Maghery was beside himself with suspicion and anger. “Then one thing led to another, I’ve no doubt?”

“I missed Molly and saw this thief running off with her,” Lady Roslyn said composedly. “I shall formally charge him with the theft of my mare.”

“That’s a transportation offense, Roslyn!” protested Hardacre. “Surely you’d not tell such a story—”

“Perhaps you’d like to give my brother your version of how I lost the beast?” invited her ladyship, smiling, and Denny suddenly realized that if these gentry stuck to milady’s story, he was as good as dispatched to wild Australia now.

But Hardacre had refused to go along with the falsehood, and Denny was free to run home. He had not mentioned the encounter to Tim Fallon at that time, knowing that his young master was, like half the males in the county, completely bewitched by her ladyship, and would be unwilling to believe a word against her.

Now, in the friendly dark by the stove, waiting for Fallon to return from an English club, Denny wondered what would have happened if he had told the story that very day. It might have prevented the tragedy which came later.





Chapter 8



Mr. Timothy Fallon descended into the basement kitchen of his bachelor residence at a very unseemly hour indeed on the following morning. To Denny’s surprise and relief, he had come home betimes the previous night, complaining fairly good-humoredly of the dullness of the company at White’s, and his own weariness, as he permitted himself to be helped into his nightclothes by his thankful servant. An excellent night’s repose between lavender-scented sheets had caused him to waken in unusually good spirits. Not a little of the contentment he felt was due to the delicious odors which were rising through the house from the kitchen. So provocative were these scents that Mr. Fallon found himself quite unable to maintain a fashionable languor and remain in his bed until noon.

Therefore, to the surprise and alarm of his servants, he appeared at the foot of the steep stairs and entered the kitchen at a critical moment. Orrible so far forgot himself as to utter a whispered warning.

“Tyke care, Guv’ner! It’s the popovers!”

Fallon moved soft-footed into the room. It was, indeed, the popovers. Mistress Meek was in the very act of lifting from the oven a whole panful of the delicate morsels, beautifully golden and wafting a mouth-watering fragrance into the surrounding air. Breaths were held during the crucial moments while Griselda transferred the succulent puffs from pan to warmed plates. Then there was a general sigh of relief, and with it, a registering of the disturbing fact of Mr. Fallon’s untoward appearance.

Griselda spoke first. “Is something the matter, Mr. Fallon? Are you ill?”

“I shall be, if not immediately served with a generous portion of those popovers, suitably accompanied by meats and beverages.”

Orrible, still somewhat above himself by reason of the shared vigil, said pertly, “It’s homemade sossingers and farm eggs this mornin, Guv’ner,” only to be promptly squelched by Denny, who directed him to a seat at the foot of the kitchen table with an awful look. Then Denny turned to his master.

“If you’ll go up to the dining room, sir, I’ll bring your breakfast before the cat can blink her eye.”

But it appeared that Mr. Fallon was not to be got rid of so easily. “What, and abandon these popovers to your heavy handling? I’ll eat them here, warm from the oven.” He stared around the sparkling kitchen with admiration. The light which entered the high-set windows from the area under the front steps glowed through gay yellow curtains, and warmed the shining copper pans on the wall and stove. The well-sanded floor tiles were clean, and the table, set for the servants’ breakfast, had a crisp white cloth.

“I had no idea this room was so pleasant,” Fallon said. “I believe I shall join Orrible at the table and take potluck.”

That youth and the saturnine Barty appeared to regard this skittish behavior on the part of their employer with less than enthusiasm, but Denny, his soft heart touched by the pleasure on his master’s face, hastened to hold his chair for him. Fallon, seated at the head of his own kitchen table, gazed around him. “Four chairs, five persons,” he remarked. “Bring another chair for Mistress Meek, Denny.”

“Thank you, but no,” Griselda smiled. “I’ve already broken my fast at home. I’ll serve you now, if you are ready.”

“Please do so at once,” invited her employer with a grin.

The meal passed in silence. Barty, footman-groom-handyman, was constitutionally silent, his voice when he did speak sounding rusty from lack of use. Orrible, the Boots, like most normal twelve-year olds, was a compulsive talker, making the meals he attended hideous with his endless chatter, but the presence of his employer at the board restrained him to an unusual and welcome silence. Denny was both pleased and startled by his master’s whim to eat with his servants, but was far less disconcerted than a London-bred valet would have been at the unwonted condescension, remembering less formal days in Ireland. The four males at the table were absorbed in the simple, sensual pleasure of eating superb food served hot from the stove. A silent meal, but one deeply enjoyed.

Griselda was bending over Fallon’s shoulder to refill his coffee cup for the third time when she glanced aside and caught his gaze fixed on her face. She was leaning so close to him that she caught the scent of clean flesh and hair; she saw his eyes moving from her brow to her mouth—following the line of the ugly red scar. Then his eyes raised to hers. She looked hastily at the coffee cup she was filling, her thoughts in a turmoil. Was something wrong with the cosmetic patch she had affixed to her cheek? She lifted the coffeepot carefully, and hurried back to the stove, where she stood, keeping her back to the table.

Mr. Fallon finished his meal soon after. He thanked Mistress Meek punctiliously, then said to Denny, already standing awaiting orders, “I’m invited to take dinner and play whist at Lord Corman’s home this evening. I’ll wear the red satin coat.”

“Yes, sir, I’ll press it at once.”

Griselda stared after them as they disappeared up the steep stairs to the main hallway. “Red satin?” she asked of no one in particular.

“Oh, yes, ma’am,” said Orrible. “It’s the Guv’ner’s favorite coat. ‘E looks fine as fivepence in it.”

“Tell Denny I wish to see it,” said Griselda.

Very shortly thereafter, there was presented to her widening eyes a coat of the brightest scarlet she had ever seen. “Do you mean to tell me Mr. Fallon actually goes out of doors in that?” she demanded. “Where people can see him?”

“Calls it his lucky coat,” confirmed Denny happily. “He never loses at cards when he wears it.”

“His opponents are most likely blinded and unable to read their cards aright,” said Griselda. “Dispose of it.”

“Dis-dispose , did ye say, ma’am?” faltered Denny. “You’ll not be wantin’ me to get rid of it?”

“Exactly,” said Griselda inexorably. “Burn it, bury it, throw it in the Thames, pay the rag-and-bone man to take it away—”

“It’d cost me me life to do so, ma’am—and probably me job as well,” Denny assured her, face pale at the thought. “It’s his favorite coat, ma’am, his lucky charm! You’d never be wantin’ me to dispose of his luck, now, would ye?”

Griselda hardened her heart against the blandishment of his soft Irish brogue. “Would you wish the men of fashion with whom he dines tonight—for I infer this to be a party of the highest ton, not some casual attendance at a hell—would you have these men laugh at your master? Do you wish him to be an object of scorn?”

Denny was not more surprised than Griselda herself at the heat of her remarks. While the little valet considered the question, Griselda wondered what had got into her. What difference could it possibly make to her if a group of idle, fashionable fribbles amused themselves at the behavior and appearance of an Irish gamester? What possible concern, in fact, was it of Mistress Griselda Grant, heiress of a merchant prince, how or at whom the haut ton amused itself? To her dismay, she discovered that it did seem to matter very much, and she heard herself saying, “The Lord Corman and his fashionable guests will mock your master if they see him in this ridiculous coat. Destroy it. I’ll take the blame.”

Barty the silent made one of his rare comments. “Don’t do it, ma’am,” he advised.

The other three stared at him in surprise. He felt constrained to explain. “Man’s lucky coat . . . females ain’t got the feel for it . . . askin’ yer pardon, ma’am.”

Impressed against her will, Griselda bit at one knuckle as she pondered Barty’s advice. The men waited apprehensively. Would this respected member of her sex rush boldly on her doom—and, what was worse, bring it down indiscriminately on all of them?

Finally Griselda nodded reluctantly. “Very well, Denny, clean and press it, but hang it in the wardrobe. I’ll lay out the new black velvet. It is unexceptionable. Then you see if you can persuade—”

“No, ma’am, beggin’ yer pardon,” interrupted Denny. His tone was firmly courteous but his eyes were abject.

Griselda took pity. “Very well, Denny,” she smiled. “I shall do my possible to save your master from humiliation.”

After she had gone up to her small office to compute the accounts, Denny and Barty exchanged a look of relief.

“I’m obliged to you, Barty,” said the valet. “Himself would have turned me off without a character.”

“Committed you to Bedlam, more like,” grated Barty. “Women!”

“She don’t understand,” Denny defended the lady whom he had already placed on a pedestal beside his master in his sentimental heart.

Barty sniffed wordlessly and vanished to the small stable in the mews behind the house—his refuge from unreasonable Fate and Women.

When Griselda returned to the kitchen to assign the day’s tasks, she found Denny pressing the scarlet coat. For a moment she watched him, noted the careful hands and intent expression.

“You really care for Mr. Fallon, do you not Denny?” she said gently.

The little Irishman looked up at her with a smile. “Indeed, Ma’am, that is a true word! He’s a remarkable man, is himself. Been to a great college in Dublin and learned to read Greek and Latin and all. And a rare, fine horseman! The best seat and the gentlest hands of any rider in the county. When we first come to England, he kept us fed and clothed and a roof over our heads by tutoring young louts with ten times his money and no sense at all. And between time he taught the fat sons of London cits to ride around Hyde Park without fallen’ off their horses.”

Griselda smiled at his enthusiasm. “Did you all come to England together?”

“Och, no, ma’am. It was just himself and me, come to seek our fortune.”

It seemed to Griselda that Denny hesitated briefly, and that his manner as he answered this last question was a little reserved. Denny had become very busy with the flatiron. Then he glanced at Griselda, who was making her list of supplies at the table.

“We landed in Liverpool on a very bitter day, ma’am. ‘Twas rainin’ like the Flood itself was upon us, and we in a foreign land with no notion of where to go. Well, we had brought our luggage from the boat into a pile under a shed roof on the dock, and were lookin’ about us for a conveyance, when himself spots a little boy makin’ off with a box of his books. Himself was after the lad in a trice, and brought him back into the shelter of the shed. The little lad’s face was wet, whether with tears or the rain I cannot say, but he spoke up cool enough.

“ ‘It’s a proper cop, Guv’ner,’ he said. ‘Shall I call the Watch for ye?’

“ ‘I think I can handle this meself,’ says his honor with a smile. ‘Since you are so anxious to carry my books, I’ll let ye do so, and lead us to a decent inn nearby.’

“ ‘Books?’ says the urchin. ‘I thought it must be gold at least, it’s that heavy! Is it a teacher ye are, then?’

“His honor laughed. ‘I’ll have to be—if I can get the chance,’ says he. ‘For I’ve scarce enough money to get us to London, and none to pay the shot when I get there. Now lead on, me lad, and don’t take us to the palace, for we couldn’t afford the rent!’

“The boy grinned and shouldered his honor’s books with a will. When he led us safe and sound to a decent plain inn, and carried the books to our room, himself thanked the lad kindly and handed him a shillin’. The boy looked at it and then he said, ‘It’s too much, Guv’ner. If this is ‘ow ye mean to go on, ye’ll be short o’ the dibs sooner than ye think.’

“Mr. Fallon grinned at him. ‘Now I know I’m going to do well in me new country,’ he says, ‘for I’ve met an honest man in the first five minutes. What’s your name, friend?’

“ ‘Orrible, sir,’ pipes up the lad.

“ ‘Do ye live with your family?’ says his honor.

“ ‘I ain’t got no family,’ says Orrible, ‘an’ I lives where I can find a plyce. ’Ave ye got any errands ye want done, Guv’ner?’

“Mr. Fallon studies the boy careful-like. ‘What can ye do, Orrible?’ says he.

“ ‘I can get into or out of any locked room in Liverpool,’ says he, ‘an’ find lots of vallybles as people don’t know they’ve lost.’

“ ‘We’ll ’ave none o’ that whilst you’re with us, Orrible,’ says himself, very strict. Orrible says ‘No, sir!’ an’ that was that. The boy’s been with us ever since.”

“I see,” said Griselda.

Denny put the red coat carefully on a hanger. “I’ll just put this in his honor’s wardrobe,” he said. “He calls it his luck, ma’am,” and the valet looked pleadingly at Griselda.

“Hang it up,” she said firmly, “but I shall still try to persuade him not to wear it. It does not do him justice.”

That evening Mr. Fallon, in unusually fine spirits, splashed in his hip bath and sang Irish songs in a resonant baritone before the fire in his bedroom. Denny was moving nervously between the wardrobe and the bed, fussily laying out his master’s clothing. Becoming aware of the unaccustomed bustle, Fallon suspended his musical activities and watched his valet for a moment.

“What’s the matter, Denny?”

Denny jumped as if goaded. “Nothing, sir. Not a thing. Just getting’ yer duds laid ready for ye, sir.” He wiped his wet brow with one of Fallon’s immaculate linen handkerchiefs, noted what he’d done, and blushed an unbecoming red. “Get you another, sir,” he muttered, hastening to the lowboy.

Fallon frowned and looked at the bed. “You did clean and press my red coat?”

“Oh, yes, sir! That is—”

“That is what?”

“I’ll put it out right away, sir.”

“Do so,” said Fallon pleasantly. “And then you may tell me what this is all about.”

Denny dragged his gaze up to meet his master’s. “It’s Mistress Meek, sir . . . She’s . . . goin’ to serve you a bit of a sustainin’ snack before ye go—knowin’ how late the fine dinners sometimes begin—!” He mopped his forehead again.

“Thoughtful—an excellent idea,” commented Fallon. “But not, I think, the cause of your unusual behavior. Dammit, Denny,” he said softly, “we’ve known each other too long for these games. What’s amiss?”

“Mistress Meek . . . she’s a grand person . . . you’ll have to admit she’s done a grand job of managing—that is, the bills all paid, money deposited to your account, the house so orderly and fresh-smelling . . . the grand food . . .”

Steady gray eyes regarded him from under raised brows. “Just so,” admitted Fallon mildly. “ ‘Grand.’ ”

“Sir!” the little valet protested hotly.

“If you’ve got that pap out of your craw, suppose you tell me the truth. For the last time: what’s amiss?”

Denny nerved himself for desperate measures. “It’s the red coat, sir. You mustn’t wear it tonight.”

Fallon paused in the act of soaping his back brush. “Why not?”

“Beggin’ yer pardon, sir, but it’s too . . . too . . . ye’ll be laughed at!” he ended in a rush.

“Have you gone mad?”

“No, sir,” said the unhappy Denny. “Mistress Meek says ye’ll be an object of scorn—”

With a roar that shook the windows, Fallon hurled the brush. Denny dodged it almost absentmindedly, more apprehensive of the scathing flow of language he was sure would follow.

“So Mistress Meek, having done such a grand job on my house, my staff, my business affairs and my cuisine, is now about to direct my personal life? She has decided my clothing is vulgarly ostentatious, has she then? Will she next be supervising my person? Washing my back, perhaps?”

“Mr. Fallon!” gasped Denny, between outrage and embarrassment.

“Don’t Mr. Fallon me, you Judas! Set out my red coat and then bring me a drink—a strong drink!”

Denny scuttled out of the room. His master fumed and muttered, soaping his thick black hair with unnecessary violence. Unfortunately, anger dulled caution, and he got an agonizing dollop of soap in one eye. Groping frantically for the towels, he almost overset his tub.

“Denny! Help me, you idiot! I’m blinded!” The more he rubbed with wet soapy hands at his eyes, the worse the pain became. Both eyes now streamed with tears.

He heard the door open, and footsteps hastening across the room. A dry towel was put into his groping hands. As he patted at his smarting eyes, Fallon grunted, “Get that pitcher of clean water—the warm one—and pour it over my head . . . get the damned soap off!”

He tipped his head back, eyes screwed shut. Then he gasped as an icy torrent flooded his scalp and streamed down his chest. “Blast you, Denny, that’s the cold water! Hand me my towel. I’m getting out.” Dabbing gingerly at his eyes with the dry towel, Fallon stepped out onto the warm hearth rug. A big bath sheet was wrapped around him from behind. Then—

“Mr. Fallon!” came Denny’s scandalized voice from the doorway.

Fallon clutched his towel to him and peered through still-watering eyes. Yes, Denny stood in the doorway, bearing a large glass on a tray. Then who—?

Griselda walked past him toward the bed with perfect composure. “I have a young brother,” she explained kindly. “He too has occasional temper tantrums.” Ignoring Denny’s sputtering objections, she lifted the red satin coat and held it up for their inspection.

“I am persuaded you will not be so ill-advised as to wear this coat to milord’s home, Mr. Fallon,” she said.

“Leave us, Denny,” said Fallon icily.

“Sir—!” protested Denny with anguish.

“At once!”

Denny placed the tray on the lowboy and went out.

“It is time,” began Fallon menacingly, “that we had an understanding, Mistress Meek!”

“Your towel is slipping,” Griselda advised him.

Fallon tightened his grasp convulsively. Then he cast a hasty glance downward. A reluctant grin tugged at the corners of his lips. In quite a different tone he said, “Madam, that is a wicked lie. I begin to see that I have nourished a viper in—uh—my bosom. Slipping indeed! Perhaps it is like that very unbecoming maquillage you place on your cheek? Unfortunately for your deception, you have put it on today in a slightly different position than yesterday.”

“I was afraid of something like that when you stared at me so hard at breakfast.” Griselda made a quick recovery. “I’ll return to the kitchen and send Denny to you with a bite of food. I really can’t trust Orrible to dish it up.”

“Of course you cannot. My fear of the results of that should make a very effective red herring to divert my attention from more important matters.” He walked over to the bed, a tall, exotic figure in his wrapped towel, and threw his dressing robe over his shoulders. Griselda, warily awaiting the attack, had to concede that he had presence and self-assurance even when placed in a ridiculous situation. “Before you leave this room, ma’am, I shall have some direct answers from you. There is too much mystery in my house since you came into it.”

“Can the questions not wait until you are dressed and finished with your repast, sir?”

Fallon ignored this weak counter-thrust. “What were you and that fool Denny telling me about my coat—my lucky red satin coat?”

Griselda felt a little triumph. He had listened! He placed value upon her advice! He stood looking at her in the warm light of the fire and dozens of candles, absentmindedly rubbing at his damp hair with a towel, looking as vulnerable as Sholto, and a good deal more pleasant.

“It is such a bright red satin, sir,” she began gently.

“The prince wore a salmon pink coat three nights ago. With a gold and apricot waistcoat. And his brother wore cloth of gold with gold lace, rubies and diamonds.”

“Hideous,” said Griselda solemnly, as though she were agreeing to criticism of such costumes. “Vulgar. Ostentatious. But you are your own man. You need not try to imitate their poor taste.”

“Besides which,” interjected Fallon smoothly, “I am a mere gamester, whose foibles will be received with rather less complacency than are those of men better bred and circumstanced.”

“Perhaps that might be the judgment among persons of limited understanding,” agreed Griselda, taking the wind out of his sails deftly. “Of course there’s the other thing.” She hesitated, one knuckle caught between white teeth.

Fallon rose to the bait. “What other thing? He demanded suspiciously.

“You are an exceedingly good-looking man, Mr. Fallon. Wearing red satin with your black hair, fine figure, and handsome features, you present an almost theatrical appearance.”

“Good God!” erupted Fallon, with a look of such intense revulsion that Griselda had all she could do to keep a straight face. “Send Denny to me at once!”

“Just as you say, sir.” responded Griselda with disarming meekness.

Something in her tone caught Fallon’s attention. He eyed her sharply. She smiled blandly back at him, eyebrows a little raised in query. His expression changed from suspicion to anger, and then to reluctant amusement. “I shall wear the black velvet—which was what you intended from the outset, Mistress Meek. Meek! If ever there was a misnomer—! You are a very dangerous young woman, ma’am. Just a word of warning to you. Be content to work your magic in my house, even with my servants, but do not try your tricks on me again! You’ll catch cold at it!”

“Why Mr. Fallon!” protested Griselda demurely, and slipped out of the room before he could reply. In the hallway she nearly fell over Denny, who was leaning against the wall, his mouth and eyes wide.

“Mr. Fallon wishes you to help him dress, Denny,” she said kindly. “He will wear the black coat.”

“Yes, ma’am,” said Denny with great respect. But after she had gone downstairs, he whispered, “I’m only hopin’ it won’t change his luck, an’ all!”





Chapter 9



When Griselda arrived at Mr. Fallon’s lodgings early the following day, she was met by a very worried valet.

“Why, Denny, this is a Friday face!” she rallied him. “Let me but fix you a hot cup of chocolate and some baked eggs, and you’ll feel your spirits rise.”

As always in moments of stress, Denny reverted to the soft brogue of his childhood. “Och, Mistress Meek, it’s that worried I am! Himself not home till after four this mornin’, filthy drunk—beggin’ yer pardon—and in the fiend’s own temper! I misdoubt he’s lost every penny he had in the world!”

Griselda’s heart sank. Had she, by some weird trick of fate, soiled his phenomenal luck when she prevented him from wearing that red coat? And then her spirits fell further as she considered the threat that this information offered to her own plan. If Devil Fallon had a streak of bad luck, he might hazard the Grant town house and the farm and lose both before she could redeem them.

She took off her bonnet and cloak and hung them up. Then, having given herself time to regain her poise, she said quietly, “Will you not sit down at the table and tell me exactly what is wrong? Did Mr. Fallon indeed lose all his money? Or was his trouble merely too much to drink, perhaps?”

“No,” replied Denny with more composure. “He was angry about something. I took it for granted that he had had heavy losses, but he didn’t actually say so.” He took a deep breath. “First of all, I am charged to tell you he wishes to speak to you directly after he has had his breakfast. No”—catching her worried glance ceiling ward— “he hasn’t wakened yet, and won’t till noon, if I’m any judge. But he’ll be in the divil of a temper, what with the headache from drink taken, and remembering whatever it was made him so angry last night. If you truly know a remedy for too much drink taken, ma’am, now is the time to mix it.”

Griselda smiled with more confidence than she felt. “I do. My brother swears by it. He calls it wake-the-dead. I’ll get your breakfast, and then prepare the potion while you eat.” She heated milk for the cocoa and sliced freshly baked bread. “Have you any idea why he wishes to see me?”

“I think it’s about your wager,” Denny said.

Griselda, speculating furiously, broke eggs into a pan and set thick slices of farm ham to brown on another griddle. What could Fallon be going to say about the wager? As delectable smells filled the kitchen, Denny began to pluck up heart. He addressed himself to his breakfast, and was just wiping the last of his ham gravy from his plate with a crust of bread when Mr. Fallon’s bell rang. Denny promptly lost his newfound courage.

“Oh, ma’am, what’ll I do?”

Hastily Griselda completed the mixture she was preparing and decanted it into a tall glass. “You will get him to drink this by whatever stratagems you need. It will clear his head and sweeten his temper.”

Denny regarded the frothy mixture doubtfully. Then he hastened upstairs and entered his master’s room soft-footed. As he pulled the bed curtains aside, there was a yelp of pain from the figure on the bed. Gently Denny guided Fallon’s groping hand to the glass.

“Whuzzis?” came a strained voice.

“A settler, sir,” whispered Denny.

There was a tense silence, broken only by the faint sounds of cautious sipping, then, later, by grateful sipping, then, later, by grateful gulping. There followed a pregnant pause. At last Fallon’s voice came more strongly through the shrouded gloom.

“Incredible! Denny, I shall raise your salary as of today.”

“Thank you, sir, but the potion was compounded by Mistress Meek.”

“Then her salary shall be raised as well—on condition she shares the secret formula with you. That’s a remarkable brew!”

“She says her brother swears by it, sir,” confided Denny happily. “I was after thinkin’ she’d probably no need of such restoratives for herself.”

Fallon acknowledged this mild joke with a flash of white teeth in the gloom. “Her brother, eh? ’Tis the second time we’ve heard of this brother of hers.”

“Yes, sir.” Denny had no wish to recall the previous time. “Will you be able to take a little breakfast, sir?”

A pause. Then, “It may be possible. Perhaps later in the day. I shall ring.”

“Yes, sir,” said Denny thankfully, and slipped out of the bedchamber. Griselda was waiting for him at the foot of the stairs, eyebrows raised in question.

“A miracle, ma’am! Turned him up sweet as a cooing dove. He even thinks he could fancy breakfast, later.”

“He said nothing about me? Or losing his money?”

“Not a word, ma’am. He commended yer potion and charged me to get the secret of it.”

“Why did he ring for you?”

“I think it was his headache wakened him.”

Griselda pondered her strategy. “When he rings again, Denny, I shall take up the breakfast tray.”

“D’ye think that’s wise, ma’am? Beggin’ yer pardon, but he might not relish seein’ ye till he’s dressed an’ all.”

Gently, so as not to disparage his prim consideration for her, Griselda said, “I think it best, Denny. It will be all right.” And with that he had to be content.

Griselda was placing a crisp cloth on the tray when there was a sudden heavy knocking on the front door. Denny leaped up. “They’ll waken him! Oh, the saints preserve us!”

He ran lightly up the narrow stair from the basement to the front hallway, and got the door open in the middle of a second fusillade. An impatient man on the doorstep handed him a letter. Closing the door gently, Denny went to listen fearfully at the foot of the stairs. Then he came back down to the kitchen. Griselda was alarmed by the expression on his face.

“Was Mr. Fallon wakened?” she whispered.

Wordlessly Denny shook his head. He was staring at the letter he held in his hand.

“Oh! It was the post—” began Griselda, then stopped at the look of despair Denny gave her.

“It’s from—her,” he said in a voice of doom.

“Her?”

“Milady Roslyn. She as caused all our trouble, and made himself what he is.”

“Do you mean to tell me that some woman taught Mr. Fallon to be a gamester?”

“Och, no, ma’am! But himself hates all the Fair Sex because of what that same lady did, and now here she is writin’ to him and startin’ the bad times all over again.”

Griselda was more curious than alarmed. “But why, if they have broken off, as I gather—” she began.

Denny’s wail interrupted her. “She must have learned somehow—witch that she is—that he has money and success. That’ll bring her. And when she leaves us this time, he’ll be ruined entirely. It’s not in a man’s flesh and blood to win back twice after what she can do! His house’ll be sold and all the grand money gone—everything gone!”

Griselda set her lips. “Denny, this is merest vaporing! You must control yourself. Pray tell me as clearly as you can what this is all about.” And Heaven forgive me for a prying meddler, she thought, but I must know what it is I have to fight.

Denny got himself under control with an effort. His open Irish face was ravaged with his fear and concern. “Well, ma’am,” he began in a lower voice, “at home in Ireland the Magherys are one of the good old families, impoverished, and dwindled down to two—a brother and a sister. The Lady Roslyn Maghery is a heartless, scheming creature, but no one could deny she’s the loveliest lady as ever came out of the Emerald Isle.”

“And Mr. Fallon fell in love with her, of course,” said Griselda.

“As did every man from seven to seventy in the county. She and Lord Ronyl, her bully of a brother, being all that is left of a great family are proud as Herod. Nobody could be good enough for the Magherys, but every man of family or fortune in three counties offered for her. She led ‘em all a dance with her caressin’ ways—”

“And Mr. Fallon was one of those who danced.” Griselda discovered that this thought was very distasteful to her. She was not sure why, and had no desire to find out.

“He was worse than all the rest,” Denny confirmed lugubriously. “A very high-hearted youth was Master Timothy in those days, as full of spirit as a thoroughbred colt. His father, the vicar of the parish, was afraid he’d do something desperate. We servants couldn’t understand why she bothered with a green boy when there were older men, richer, titled, mad to wed her. And then she did it—blast her black heart. She turned a fine, clean lad, his father’s son, into a byword, a public laughingstock—and then into a gamester hanging on the coattails of society and a terror in his cups, that scarcely touched the stuff before!”

“A boy becomes a man,” said Griselda, and hated herself for the prosy sophism. “Did she accept his suit?”

“Her?” sneered Denny. “She was playin’ with him the whole time! Gave him to understand she loved him; led him on to declare himself in front of her brother and his friends, and then refused him. They all made a mock of him!”

“Oh, no!” breathed Griselda. Then, “He could never have told you about that—”

“Himself told me? Divil a word. “Twas Lord Ronyl spread it all over the county. Mr. Timothy had to leave Ireland—the talk and the laughin’ was more than flesh and blood could bear. He took off for London, vowin’ to win a fortune and come back an’ show the Magherys. When first we came, we had a very chancy time of it, as I told ye, ma’am. We nearly starved.”

“But he had you with him,” said Griselda.

“Where else would I be?” asked Denny.

“I’m glad,” said Griselda simply.

“It was little enough help I was,” objected Denny gloomily. “Just another raw Irish Paddy—another mouth to feed. An’ there was Orrible. An’ then, one black day, himself found he had skill with the cards. Like magic it was, ma’am, the runs of luck! It wasn’t long before we had money for good clothin’ an’ for buyin’ this fine house, an’ then himself began to be accepted in the good clubs. Of late, he’s even been invited to the houses of the nobs.” He shook his head gloomily. “The vast sums of money that change hands—it makes me blood run cold. For what if he loses it all?”

“He would do better to stop gaming and wagering at once, while he has money enough for his needs,” said Griselda sternly. Then she thought, what am I saying? If he stops now, I’ll lose my chance to retrieve the house and the farm. Her feelings were strangely mixed; unhappiness, guilt, and another feeling she would not analyze. Foremost was guilt. Could she have spoiled his phenomenal luck by insisting on that wretched black coat? Fie! Superstitious nonsense! Obviously there was something more seriously wrong than a reverse at cards. This woman, now, who was thrusting herself into Fallon’s life again. Had he met her recently? Last night? Would he be an easy victim a second time? Griselda sighed. She had always thought of herself as a practical woman, her father’s daughter, unemotional, poised, sensible. She had neatly contrived, against great odds, a marriage of convenience with a member of the nobility. She was going to elevate her family, her children, into Society in the best possible way. She believed her father would have been proud of her. His legal advisors certainly approved. Gaming and romantic passions and all such theatrical behavior had never been either attractive or even interesting to her until Sholto had so reprehensibly thrust her into this mad charade in her effort to recover the losses and avoid the disgrace his criminal folly had brought into their lives.

Griselda straightened her shoulders. It was the sensible thing to secure her wager, win back the properties, before this Irish witch got her claws back into Fallon. That was his risk, and nothing to do with Miss Griselda Grant. Let him deal with the woman as best he could, so long as Griselda and her brother were saved. Be sensible! Time was running out!

At this moment of decision, the bell from Mr. Fallon’s bedchamber pealed. “I shall take up the breakfast—and this letter,” she announced.

“Better give them to himself in that order,” advised Denny grimly. Then, “Don’t ye think we might just drop the letter in the fire, ma’am?” His face brightened. “Maybe she’d get mad an’ leave us alone, if himself ignored her?”

Griselda shook her head, firmly resisting temptation. But as she made her way upstairs, uncomfortably aware of the letter in her apron pocket, she wondered if Denny perhaps might be right. She tapped quietly at the door.

“Come in, Denny, you fool!” said his employer cheerfully. “If you’re knocking because you’re afraid I’m still shot in the neck, you’re glaringly abroad. Mistress Meek’s potion has saved the day—and your skin.”

Somewhat heartened by this display of good humor, Griselda entered and set the tray by the bed. Then she drew aside the heavy window draperies and the hangings on the tester bed.

“Mistress Meek!” Fallon sat up, regarding her with surprise. “What brings you—? Where’s that lazy dog Denny?”

“Denny is engaged upon a commission for me. Now eat your breakfast while it is hot, Mr. Fallon, and then I’ll send up Denny to help you dress.”

“My good woman,” said Fallon in a complacent voice, “you should be informed that I invariably take half an hour of devout meditation after one of your breakfasts. What have we today?” He began lifting covers and peering into dishes with the healthy relish of a man at peace with his world and his stomach. “Ah! Muffins, spiced peach preserve, omelette, ham . . .” Reassured, he lifted the coffeepot and poured a fragrant cupful. “Now, invaluable Hebe, depart and permit me to enjoy these few morsels undisturbed.”

Griselda hardened her heart against his charm. “I shall return as soon as you have finished dressing, sir. There are matters of business which we must discuss.”

He interrupted pleasantly, a mouthful of food a little distorting his speech. “This ham is delicious!” He swallowed. “I had intended to wind up the business of our absurd wager today, and to suggest that you use your winnings to open a little cook-shop in the city. You’d have all of London at your feet in a six-month, I assure you.”

Griselda gasped. “You are admitting that I have won?” She came closer to the bed.

Fallon took a heaping forkful of omelette, masticated, and closed his eyes in bliss. “A six-month, did I say? Six days is more like it.” He smiled at her. “You innocent! Had the nature of your wager not revealed it to me, I would have learned it by now from your conduct. Of course you’ve won! My only regret is in losing your excellent services. Be sure you inform me of the address of your cook-shop.” Then, noting her expression, he asked, “Have I said something to offend you? Of course you will do with your winnings as you wish. I shall have the money for you by tomorrow. That will give me the opportunity to enjoy one more breakfast such as this.”

Griselda’s mind was racing. He had obviously not lost his fortune at the gaming tables. Then what had been the matter? Did being drunk turn him into the “fiend” Denny had described earlier? Or was that an exaggeration on the part of the devoted but emotional servant? No, Denny’s white face and shaking hands argued a valid reason for alarm. Still, Denny had probably seen his master inebriated more than once. Griselda knew it was the custom for gentlemen in even the very highest circles of the ton to consume inordinate amounts of intoxicants. If his evil temper was not to be attributed to overly generous potations, had it been the result of something which happened at Lord Corman’s party? Dared she ask, and risk destroying the friendly accord of this moment?

Well, my girl, thought Griselda, you’ve got a problem. If you give him the letter from the Irishwoman, you will probably destroy whatever stability he has been able to build since she humiliated him and drove him from his country. And who is to say he’ll remember such an unimportant thing as a wager with a servant? She glanced up and caught his eyes on her, alert, concerned. “Is something the matter ma’am? Can I help in any way?”

Fool, she called herself. You’re not the judge of men that Simon Grant was, but you’re older than seven, and you can see that this is a man of integrity, whatever wild and chancy way he makes his money. He’d not forget a debt he owed a servant, especially if she were, to the best of his knowledge, a lone female. Still—if Denny was correct—and who should know better than the man who’d stood beside Fallon during the black times?—the return of Lady Roslyn might well precipitate a mad splurge of gambling which would lose him the elegant Grant town house and the farm too, before its rightful owner had a chance to buy it back. Or—hideous thought!—he might give it to his dark lady as a gift! At this particularly unpleasant thought, Griselda’s resolution hardened. She managed a somewhat artificial smile.

Fallon set the breakfast tray aside and regarded her steadily. “Something is wrong. I beg you’ll honor me with your confidence.”

This offer of help, so quietly made, nearly overset Griselda’s determination. Should she seize upon his suggestion, ask for the property before she gave him the letter? It would not be so hard to confess her sisterly concern to this big, serious man, whose fine gray eyes were meeting her own so kindly. Not taking time to consider the effect of her words, she plunged into speech.

“Yes, Mr. Fallon, I do have a problem. I have not been—completely honest with you.”

Confused as to how she might best relate the involved little story, she glanced at him and noted the sudden frown and the small tightening of the lips. In a rather different voice, a voice wary and controlled, Fallon repeated, “Not completely honest? Why, how is this, Mistress Meek? I had thought you one woman with a soul of limpid verity.”

Griselda took a deep breath. “It means, sir, that I have a great—a desperate—need for two pieces of property which I had hoped to buy from you with my winnings.”

The man’s frown lifted. “Is this all? What is the property? I might even be tempted to give it to you if tonight’s dinner, to which I have invited two old friends”—he smiled oddly—“is especially impressive. Now will you tell me the whole story behind this ridiculous masquerade? I’d be willing to hazard we can come to a gentleman’s agreement.” He smiled and held out his hand.

Griselda suffered a revulsion of feeling. This kind man, this very sensitive and friendly and charming man, was offering her a gift rare and wonderful: his trust. And what was she doing? Trying to use him, to manipulate him, to get an advantage from him while he was yet ignorant of a new and menacing situation. How could Simon Grant’s daughter have sunk to such tricks? Her voice was harsh as she said, “I cannot tell you the whole story, since it involves the stupidity and dishonesty of another person—very dear to me—”

Now the frown was in full evidence, and every sign of the warmth she had responded to was gone from Fallon’s face. “Can you not be open with me, ma’am? Can it be that this ‘dear person’ to whom you refer has placed you within my household for his own reasons?”

Sholto, how can I betray your folly? thought Griselda in despair. “I cannot betray him,” she whispered, and had the pain of seeing his face harden into its accustomed gamester’s mask.

What Devil Fallon might have replied to this equivocal statement, the lady never learned, for Denny entered the room hurriedly. With one quick, worried glance at Griselda, which Fallon observed, he stammered, “Sir, ‘tis Lord Ronyl Maghery and Mr. Delevan to see ye. I’ve put them in the drawing room.”

Griselda took the letter from her apron pocket with a sense of disaster. “There was a letter for you this morning, sir,” she said, and gave it into his outstretched hand. Then she turned and would have left the room.

“Stay one moment,” commanded Fallon in his coldest voice. “Denny, is the door shut from the drawing room to the front hall?”

“Why no, sir. I don’t believe I shut it.”

“Go back to the gentlemen and take them the sherry in the Waterford decanter. Tell them I shall be down shortly. Then, when you leave them, be sure to close the door behind you.” He saw the puzzled look on the valet’s face. “You fool, do you not remember the charming habits of Lord Ronyl? I would not submit Mistress Meek to his innuendoes, should he see her descending the stairs from my bedroom.”

Griselda followed the soft-footed Denny out of the room and waited on the landing until he had the door to the drawing room safely closed. Then she descended to the kitchen, her heart filled with a gray despair. Somehow, in her confusion and self-doubt, she had thrown away what she now felt was a priceless gift—Fallon’s friendship. Suspecting her of treachery, he had still take pains to prevent her from being embarrassed. But who was to protect him? While Denny had been fetching the sherry, Griselda had overheard a heavy voice saying, “Damned fine and fancy set-out for the preacher’s-boy-turned gamester, Del! D’ye suppose he cogs the cards?”

“I’m sure you’ll say he does,” another man answered lightly. “I don’t dare to speculate on what Roslyn will spread around about the lad.”

Both men had laughed. Griselda, hiding on the landing, thought it was the cruelest sound she had ever heard.

As she went drearily about her preparations for the “especially impressive” dinner Fallon had ordered, she thought that there had been a moment during her conversation with Devil Fallon when she might have been honest, might have reached the kind of understanding which would have enabled her to help him as well as herself and Sholto. But she’d lost the chance through her own folly and lack of trust. And now, to her worry over Sholto’s reputation there was added a new fear. The men who were waiting in Fallon’s drawing room meant him harm; there was no doubt of it. Perhaps they would succeed in ruining his reputation again, this time before all of London and that haut ton he had so precariously entered. Her feeling of foreboding, Griselda told herself firmly, had absolutely nothing to do with a seductive Irish beauty named Lady Roslyn Maghery.





Chapter 10



The visitors had long since left.

Denny, who could not bear to be near the men who had caused his master so much anguish, had sent Orrible up to be doorman, a position of importance the boy relished. In the neat new livery Griselda had had made for him, Orrible felt that he looked a proper servant for a gentleman’s house, and discharged his duties with aplomb. Denny meanwhile huddled miserably in the kitchen, his sensitive heart overwhelmed with premonitions of bad luck. From time to time he asked Griselda a querulous question, hardly taking in her reply. When he had repeated for the third time, “Sure an’ I cannot figure out why himself should have invited those two to dine with him tonight, can you, ma’am?” Griselda snapped at him.

“No, I cannot indeed, for I heard them mocking at him in his own drawing room. Their manner is not that of friends. But I am sure he is old enough and sensible enough to know how they feel about him, and decide his own course of action.”

A moment after the harsh words left her lips, Griselda regretted them, but she herself was suffering an irritation of the nerves as severe as Denny’s, and she could not prevent herself. She had spent the last hour reviewing the ineptness with which she had handled her employer, and rehearsing in her mind the things she might have said and should have said, and recalling what she actually had said, which was certainly the wrong thing. And now to be venting her exasperation on the hapless valet! Inexcusable!

“Forgive me, Denny! I am a beast! But let us not fall into the dismals! Soon we must begin to set up the dining room for dinner, if Mr. Fallen is not to be shamed before those men. What wines does he wish to serve? Can you tell me, Denny?”

Wordlessly the valet shook his head.

“Come now, Denny, this will not do! Off with you and find out your master’s wishes.”

Denny merely stared at her, vacant-eyed.

Griselda felt the beginning of an irrational anger that one man, and a gamester at that, should so thoroughly demoralize a household of normal persons. “Then I shall!” she declared, and went up the stairs before her courage could evaporate.

Mr. Fallon’s drawing room presented the air of clean and elegant comfort it had come to wear under her direction and the servants’ careful attention. Fresh flowers filled one large bowl, a cozy fire had settled into red embers, the furniture glowed with polish in the sunlight which filtered through draped curtains of sheer silk. There was no sign of disturbance. Three used glasses stood on a tray beside an exquisite Waterford decanter. All this Griselda took in with one lightning glance before she noticed the tall figure of her employer standing in front of the farther window staring into the street.

He did not turn or acknowledge her presence as she hesitated inside the doorway, although he must have heard her opening the door. Griselda discovered that she was reluctant to break the silence. After a few moments Fallon removed his gaze from the street and turned to face her.

“To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit, ma’am? Are we again besieged by obstreperous tradesmen?”

Although the words were light, recalling shared laughter, Griselda’s heart sank. Fallon’s tone was distant, disinterested, and his eyes were wary upon her—the eyes on an antagonist. There was no doubt that his visitors had caused a change for the worse in his attitude. She realized, now that it was gone, that there had been a sense of trust, of comfort, even of good fellowship pervading the house for the past two weeks.

No longer so.

The annoyance at Fallon’s behavior which had carried her into the room changed back to resentment against the men who had sneered behind their host’s back and then accepted his hospitality. And obviously intended to continue accepting it until they had whatever it was they wanted from him. If a dinner’s all they take, he’ll be lucky, she thought. Well, Griselda Grant would be out of it tomorrow, in any event, and long gone before they achieved, for the second time, the humiliation of Timothy Fallon.

“Would you choose the wines you wish Denny to serve, sir? That is, if you are still planning to dine at home?”

His gray eyes rested curiously on her face. “Yes. I have invited four guests, Sir Henry Drowne, Lord Corman, and two former friends whom I met again at Corman’s dinner last night. Those were the two gentlemen who called upon me just now. They seem very eager to hear more about my—phenomenal success.” His steady voice held an edge of something—was it bitterness? Still watching her face, Fallon continued, “Shall we make a bargain, Mistress Meek? The two properties you seek, in exchange for one piece of information?”

Griselda’s throat felt tight. “What information?”

“Will you tell me, honestly, whether it was one of those same two gentlemen who put you up to coming to my home?”

The enormity of the accusation as much as the unexpectedness of it so astonished Griselda that she could not find her voice. He thought she might be in league with those two vicious creatures! That Griselda Grant would stoop to enter a man’s house in order to betray him! Then the thought came crowding: was that not just what she had done, but for her brother’s sake? After too long a pause, the girl stammered, “Of course not! I have never seen or heard of them before today!” And then she realized, to her horror, that she was blushing. For she had heard of them, and discussed their malice toward Fallon, with Denny.

Fallon’s questioning look changed to cold certainty. “Very vehement denial! ‘Methinks the lady doth protest too much,’ as your poet Shakespeare has it!” said the gentleman. “No, protest no more! I wouldn’t believe you. Still, it is better to know who the enemy is, don’t you think, ma’am? I suppose you wouldn’t wish to give me a hint of what your purpose in this house was to be?” When she was silent for very indignation, he shrugged lightly. “That would be too much to hope for, would it not? A double treachery. Well, you may go now, and tell that fool Denny he knows damn well I wish the best in my cellars on the table tonight. As for you ma’am, I shall expect you to put forth your best efforts with dinner. You can collect your wager money from Denny tomorrow at noon. I do not wish to see you again, but I suppose I must thank you—for a lesson in the folly of trusting any human being.”

Before the girl could collect her wits, Devil Fallon had bowed slightly and walked past her out of the room.





Chapter 11



By the time she reached the kitchen, Griselda was angrier than she had ever been in her life. At her entrance, Denny lifted a forlorn face, which rapidly acquired an expression of amazement as the normally serene and kindly Mistress Meek proceeded to behave like a termagant. Within five minutes she had Orrible and Barty enlisted to help with the preparation of such a dinner as they had never served before. Barty was given a list of extra supplies to be purchased; Orrible was set to peeling a mountain of vegetables, after which he was to bring more fuel and stoke the ovens. Denny was commanded to stop behaving like a female with the vapors and instead set the dining room table with the best linen, silver and glass the cupboards provided.

“And then you will kindly take up to the serving pantry the wines and brandies and whatever your master’s guests will wish to drink. As Mr. Fallon so charmingly put it, ‘Tell that fool Denny he knows damn well what to serve.’ It is hoped you do! Now, I have told you all what your tasks are, I expect you to do them promptly!”

In a shocked silence, the servants hastened to carry out the orders of this redoubtable female. Simon Grant’s daughter was on her mettle at last. No more soft dealing with the Irish gamester or his staff! He didn’t wish to see her again? Perhaps Mistress Meek would have something to say about that! As she slammed lids on fragrantly boiling pots, basted furiously at delectable meats roasting in the ovens, and constructed mouth-watering pastries, Griselda resolved that she’d have the town house and the farm back from the stupid man if she had to the lawyers for money to do it. Was not the money hers, after all? Then it was more than time she had the free use of it. She was no foolish child, to be sure! Or a feeble female. So far from it was she feeling at this moment that she almost wished for the opportunity of facing down any single male or group of males in London! Let them all beware! She closed the oven door with a crash, and turned to survey Orrible’s work with so fierce a frown that he trembled and almost chopped his hand instead of the vegetables he was preparing. And when Barty returned from the errands upon which she had sent him, Griselda thanked him without her customary smile, and advised him to scrub his hands well and put on a clean coat and clean linen before he went up to attend the front door.





The next few hours were the most strenuous any of them, including Griselda, had ever put in. The guests arrived betimes, and were escorted into the dining room by their host. Barty and Orrible trudged up the narrow stairs, carrying to Denny in the serving pantry the succulent dishes prepared and garnished by the fiercely silent Mistress Meek. Hastening back with empty plates and then up again with loaded platters, they dared not comment upon the progress of the dinner party.

The excellence of the fare surprised even Fallon, used as he had become to culinary masterpieces. Simon Grant’s daughter, though such a very great heiress might never be expected to set foot below stairs, had been sensibly trained in all details of the management of a large household. She had, in fact, been taught a great deal more than the French and German and Latin and mathematics in which her tutors had been required to instruct her. Since her mother enjoyed semi-invalid status, Griselda had in fact taken over the control of the house, had learned to purchase and cook food well so that she might know if she were being well served by her large staff. She also organized the duties of the staff, and saw that each performed his task properly. This pleased Simon Grant as much as the fact that her governesses taught her to play upon the pianoforte and the harp, that her dancing masters made sure she could take her part gracefully in the dances acceptable to the society in which she might move, and that her riding masters had schooled her so carefully that she had a good seat, light hands, and the ability to control a spirited horse. They reported to her father that Miss Griselda had high courage and a strong will. At this intelligence, Simon Grant chuckled and said, well-pleased, “Aye, she’s as stubborn as I am. Bound to get her way, my lass is, but you’ll never know you’ve been outmaneuvered until she’s done the trick.”

Now, in her seething fury, she wondered why she had so tamely permitted Fallon to ride roughshod over her. During this last month, beset by fears for Sholto’s good name, she had gone about on tiptoe, fearful of every shadow. She had even allowed herself to be guided—and hampered—by the ridiculous male code of behavior. No longer!

Her anger sustained her through the long hours of the dinner. When the final dishes and the heavy coffee urn had been taken up, she looked with extreme disfavor upon the scene of devastation around her. The kitchen was a shambles. Dirty dishes and pots were piled on every flat surface. The sink in the scullery was full of dirty dishes and cutlery. Empty bottles were stacked in one corner of the kitchen. Griselda’s lip curled. All this for five men. Men! Pigs was an apter term!

Barty had gone upstairs again to tend the door for the imminent departure of the guests. Orrible stood numbly before her, awaiting imminent departure of the guests. Orrible stood numbly before her, awaiting further commands. She had seen to it that he and Barty had made a good meal in the intervals between their service. Now she told Orrible, “You’ve done very well. Thank you. If you have had enough to eat, you may go to bed.”

Orrible cast a glance at a rosy jelly clotted with country cream. Griselda nodded, and he helped himself to a bowl of it and vanished with his booty into his room at the rear of the kitchen.

Griselda realized that she was exhausted. But something nagged at her mind. She frowned. Denny! The valet had appeared in the kitchen very seldom during the evening, being fully occupied in serving his master’s guests from the pantry above. He had refused to eat anything. It was clear that the reappearance of Fallon’s former tormentors had seriously disturbed him. Griselda went to the foot of the stairs, then halfway up, listening. The dinner party had become progressively noisier as the evening advanced. At the moment a heavy voice was singing a rude ballad. Griselda’s lips tightened. She wished their racket would bring the Watch down upon them, but had little real hope of so well-deserved a fate. The door from the dining room into the hall was thrown open, bringing a burst of loud laughter and cries of “Good night!”

“Thank Heaven,” Griselda muttered. She had felt strangely apprehensive about this dinner party. She was unable to see why Fallon would wish to entertain men who had laughed him out of Ireland. What could they want of him, thus to seek him out now? Money, of course. But what else? Had the stupid creature no suspicions about their purpose? He seemed to have enough about hers!

The front door was opened, letting in a draft of chill night air which even touched Griselda in her stairwell at the far end of the hallway. Fallon’s voice sounded, bidding his guests good night. There were voices unfamiliar to her, and more maudlin laughter. And then there was a sudden crash in the dining room, followed after several moments by hasty steps coming along the hall toward the stairs on which she stood. Griselda went quickly back down to the kitchen.

Denny stumbled down and stood near the foot of the stairs. He had his hand over his cheek. For a minute he was not aware of Griselda’s presence. The he saw her and gave a start.

“Mistress Meek! I thought you’d have gone away home long since—”

Griselda’s eyes were upon his face, horrified. “Denny! Your cheek is bleeding! Who has done this to you?”

Denny turned away from her pity and anger. “No one, ma’am. I stumbled and fell. You’d best leave now. The guests are going to their homes.”

“Go to bed at once yourself, Denny,” Griselda said quietly. “We can clean this up tomorrow, when we are less tired. That is an order.”

She stood watching as the little valet went silently toward his room in the back of the basement. Neither of them said good night.





Chapter 12



When Griselda arrived at Devil Fallon’s house a little after her usual time the following morning, her scorn and anger at its master had chilled into a cold fury. All three of the men servants were busy in the kitchen when she entered. They looked up at her, smiling tentatively as they offered subdued greetings.

Griselda stared around in surprise. Gone was the confusion and mess of the previous evening. All surfaces were clean and empty. The pots, pans, and dishes were tidily in their places. A good fire crackled in the stove, and the kettle was on the boil. Orrible and Barty beamed with pride at her praise.

“It were Denny’s notion we should make all bonny for ye, Mistress,” Orrible told her happily.

Griselda was scrutinizing Denny. What she saw reinforced her decision to come to points with Devil Fallon. The little valet’s face was badly bruised. One eye was blackened and swollen shut. The cut on his face was covered with a strip of sticking plaster, but the edges were angry red and swollen. He tried to appear cheerful but he seemed in great discomfort.

“Denny, you will please to sit down at the table and have some coffee. If you can eat anything, so much the better. Then, as soon as I’ve fed Barty, he shall drive you to a doctor. I know of a very good one, and I shall write you a note to take—”

“Thank ye kindly, Mistress Meek, but there’s no need whatever. I’ll be glad of the coffee, but no doctor is needed at all, ma’am.”

“You will allow me to determine what is needed,” said Griselda in a voice which brooked no argument. She was busy at the stove and cupboard. Before their eyes she assembled a tasty breakfast, and very shortly she had them all seated before well-filled plates. She seated herself with a cup of coffee and sipped slowly, watching Denny without appearing to. Although he was obviously trying, he was not managing to eat very much. Whether it was because of his bruised face or for some other reason, physical or emotional, Griselda did not know, but her anger against Devil Fallon grew greater as she watched. Making her decision, she got up and poured a fresh cup of coffee, placed it on a tray, and started for the stairway.

Denny was on his feet at once. “Ma’am! You’ll not go up so early? He’s not awake, and he’ll be sick as a cat after all the brandy!”

“So much the better,” said the lady grimly.

“Then for God’s sake take him a glass of yer settler, ma’am! I fear for ye—”

“Let him dare to touch me! Let him offer me the slightest excuse and I’ll see him in gaol!” snapped the new and terrifying Mistress Meek. She swept up the stairs like a Fury, leaving the three males staring after her openmouthed.

She made no effort to soften her footsteps. She flung open the door of the bedroom; she set down the tray on the lowboy with a thump; she dragged aside the heavy drapes from the windows without mercy. Sunlight flooded the room. From the bed there came a groan of protest, upon hearing which the girl smiled nastily. She went to stand by the bedside.

“You will wake up now, Mr. Fallon,” she said in a penetrating voice. “You will drink the coffee I have brought you and then you will listen to a few home truths.”

Fallon’s gray eyes stared dazedly up into hers. “What’s amiss?” He pushed himself to a sitting position and shook his head to clear it. This proceeding brought forth an involuntary groan of anguish. He peered up at the rigid, dark-clad figure confronting him. “Mistress Meek! What’s to do?”

Griselda thrust the tray at him so hard that the coffee slopped over into the saucer. When he had taken it, she stood back. “Drink it! And then I have something to say to you.”

He put the cup to his lips obediently and sipped. It was hot, but he drank it to recruit his wits. Griselda glared at him meanwhile. He surely didn’t seem completely castaway, she thought, and the room was orderly. Of course, she decided scornfully, Denny sneaked back up here and got him safely to bed, and then tidied up the room after I left last night!

Fallon finished the coffee and put down the cup. He eyed her warily. “Where’s Denny?”

“He is on his way to a doctor, I hope.”

“Doctor? What’s wrong with him?”

“It seems he was the victim of a drunken attack last night,” said Griselda savagely. “His face is cut and bruised, one eye is blackened—”

“Denny’s hurt?” Fallon reached for his dressing gown at the foot of the bed. Then he sat back and stared at her, frowning. “You said, a drunken attack? How is this? I can’t remember—”

“Very convenient,” sneered the lady. “Perhaps it happens so often that it does not particularly impress itself upon your mind? You’re twice his size and three time his weight, and he’s devoted to you—God knows why!—so it shouldn’t take too much effort for you to knock the poor little fellow about—”

“Have you gone mad?” Fallon was getting angry in his turn. “If Denny says I knocked him down—”

“You know he’s so loyal to you he’d never betray you whatever you did!” interrupted Griselda fiercely. “It is despicable to use him so! A decent man could not forget himself, even in his cups! But the true nature comes out then, does it not, Mr.Fallon? In vino veritas!”

Fallon was glaring at her through narrowed lids. “Latin, i’ faith! Perhaps you can construe this one, Mistress Scholar?”

He quoted, in Latin, one of the poet Horace’s particularly sneering evaluations of the female role in society.

Griselda could construe, and her color rose. “I did not come here to exchange Latin tags with you! I came to receive the winnings of my wager, and to make you an offer for the property we spoke of yesterday.”

Fallon, recovering his aplomb, surveyed her coolly. “That was yesterday.”

Griselda drew in her breath in a hiss of outrage. “I might have expected that, also, from a man who brutalizes his valet!”

Fallon refused to be drawn. “To be sure you might,” he agreed. “When I offered so rashly to give you the properties, I was not aware that you were a spy, acting for the Magherys.”

“I am not!” blazed Griselda. “I never heard of the Magherys until Denny—” she interrupted herself, but it was too late. Fallon’s countenance twisted with contempt.

“So you have managed to corrupt my servants, also, have you? Smacked your lips over my wretched history, I’ve no doubt! Well, permit me to tell you this, Mistress Holier-than-Thou! I have never to my knowledge struck Denny in all the years I’ve known him!”

Griselda went swiftly to the head of the bed and pulled the bell rope. “Let us hear you tell him that to his face,” she said.

“If he has really been hurt,” began Fallon, “it was not . . . could not have been I who did it.”

“Perhaps then you think it amusing to permit your guests to savage your servants?”

Fallon snatched up his dressing gown and threw it on, getting out of bed to do so. His face was a thundercloud, but before he had a chance to pour out his wrath on this infuriating female, Denny came into the room at a run.

“Yes, sir—ma’am?” he stammered, looking anxiously from one to the other of the people he most admired.

Fallon turned to face him, mouth opened to roar. Then he shut it and stared with dismay at his valet’s ravaged countenance. “Good God, Denny, did I do that?”

“Of course not, sir!”

“I told you he would deny it!” cried Griselda wrathfully.

“I knew I could not have done so.” Fallon ignored her comment. “Who did it, then? Speak up, man!”

“ ’Twas Lord Ronyl. You had gone to see Lord Corman and Sir Henry to their coaches.”

“I was having the devil of a time persuading Sir Henry to enter his own vehicle. He was badly foxed, and both he and Lord Corman were convinced they had come together in Corman’s carriage. It took the combined efforts of both their coachmen, as well as Barty and myself, to get my noble guests properly bestowed and safely on their way.”

“Yes, sir. You were away for some time, sir. I heard the bustle of departure, an’, thinkin’ all had left, I came in through the service door from the pantry to clear the table. I discovered Lord Ronyl and Mr. Delevan still at their brandy. I picked up a tray of dishes from the sideboard and would have slipped quietly away, but Lord Ronyl lunged up from his chair and caught my shoulder.”

“The devil he did!” snapped Fallon.

“He asked me questions, sir, like how much money you had won, and where you kept it . . . and if it was true you were received in good houses—” Denny caught his breath in a sob. “I answered not a word, sir, so he—he struck me in the face, twice. It was his signet ring that cut my cheek.”

Fallon’s jaw was tight with anger. “And then—?”

“Well, then, sir, Mr. Delevan came up and caught his hand. I could see he was annoyed with Lord Ronyl, but he kept his voice down. ‘Gently, you ijjit,’ says he. ‘Will you ruin all with yer folly? There’s more we have to know, and if you cause an open break, you’ll have Roslyn to answer to.’

“So then Lord Ronyl, laughin’ very foolish, pushed me against the sideboard. That’s when I dropped the tray, sir. ‘Back to yer kennel, ye dirty Irish dog,’ he says to me, ‘an’ if ye tell yer master of this, we’ll both swear yer lyin’, an’ tripped over yer own clumsy feet.’ I went out through the service door as ye were comin’ back to the dinin’ room from seein’ off the other gentlemen, I caught Barty in the hall, an’ asked him to tell ye I’d gone to bed with a toothache. He promised me he’d see you safely upstairs, if you’d too much drink taken.”

“But I had not,” said Fallon quietly. “I was wary of my guests—but not alert enough, it seems! I had thought it would be myself would receive the attack, if attack there was to be.” He put a hand on Denny’s shoulder. “’Tis sorry I am this should have happened to you, Denny.”

“Are you going to send for a constable?” demanded Griselda.

Both men regarded this naivety with surprise. After a moment Fallon said, “Mistress Meek tells me Barty is ready to drive you to a doctor. An excellent idea. When you return, we shall talk. I think it is time I included you in my councils.” He patted the little valet gently on the shoulder. “Charge Orrible to keep the door until you return. Go along with you, man.”

After the valet had left, Griselda said stiffly, “I beg your pardon for having accused you of striking Denny. I was so angry when I saw his face—! And when he would not answer my questions, I believed he was shielding you.”

Fallon said, “I ask your forgiveness for accusing you of spying for those gentlemen. I don’t think I really believed it, even when I said it, but you angered me. You must admit you have been something of an enigma, with your education and your gentlewoman’s speech and your scar that slips!”

“It has seemed necessary that I keep my own counsel. I was trying to shield someone—and must still do so, I believe. But now that I am leaving this house, I would like to offer you whatever sum you hazarded with Mr. Sholto Grant when he lost his home to you. I want to buy it back.”

Fallon struck his forehead lightly. “I should have guessed! You told me you had been his housekeeper the day you arrived. Were you also his governess? Confess, ma’am, it was young Grant sent you to me!” He smiled and waited for her answer, but the girl shook her head silently. “So your mystery is simply solved. Tell that young cub I’ll sell his house back to him when he has the courage to come and ask for it himself. And here are your winnings, fair and truly won!”

He extended to her a roll of bills.

As Griselda, nonplussed by the turn events had taken, put out her hand for the money, the door burst open and Orrible stumbled into the room.

“There’s a lydyship, guv’ner—the beautifulest gentry mort I ever seen, an’ she’s come to visit yer! ‘Er nyme and style is—”

“The Lady Roslyn Maghery!” came a laughing, deep voice from the doorway. Then there was a sudden awkward pause as the newcomer saw Fallon in his dressing gown and a lady standing with her back to the door and a large roll of money in her hand.

The Lady Roslyn made a quick recovery. With a note of mockery, she continued, “I see I have come at an inopportune moment, Timmy darlin’! But when you didn’t answer my note, I decided to come to see you for old times’ sake, my dear! Shall I return at a time when you are not—engaged?” The throaty, deep-velvet voice made Griselda’s skin tighten with an ancient antagonism.

“Stay,” said Fallon. “This lady is my housekeeper, Mistress Meek. I am giving her the money to pay the household accounts.”

“Och, Timmy darlin’, what a tall one!” gurgled the Lady Roslyn in a voice of honey. “As if I didn’t know—”

Whatever she had intended to say caught in her throat, for Griselda turned at that instant and presented the scarred face to the visitor. Roslyn gave a shudder of revulsion, all amusement wiped from her beautiful face. Griselda placed the money in her apron pocket and walked toward the door.

“Where do you think you’re going, Mistress Meek? I have not dismissed you,” said Fallon silkily, his eyes alight with mischief.

“To settle the ‘ousehold accounts as you ordered, sir.” Griselda’s voice had suddenly taken on a servile whine and a very common accent. “Thinkin’ ye’d want to be alone with the fancy leddy—”

Fallon’s lips quirked, but he retorted solemnly, “You were going to leave that same fancy lady unchaperoned? I must insist you remain here to prevent scandal!”

“Really, Timmy, that’s absurd,” said Lady Roslyn sharply. “Such old friends—such good friends as we . . .”

To Griselda’s admiration, Fallon suddenly got very Irish. “And phwat would I be after tellin’ Lord Ronyl if he should chance to walk in on us in me bedroom, and me in me nightgown, with the Lady Roslyn Maghery beside me?”

He’s done it now, thought Griselda. She’ll catch on that he’s playing her up, making a game of the game she’s trying to play on him! But incredibly, the Irishwoman seemed to accept his speech at face value, and to feel herself on firmer ground because of it. She smiled encouragingly.

“Can’t you forget the foolish things my brother once said? I promise you he has forgotten that whole foolish misunderstanding. He was delighted to be your guest last night—old neighbors and countrymen together.”

“Nay, then, Ros, that’s all very well to say, but this is London, and the English are a cold, censorious lot. Me position in Society is not that secure that I could survive a challenge from Lord Ronyl Maghery over his sister’s honor. Mistress Meek must remain here as long as you do, to protect me good name.” He went to the bed and sat down on the edge of it, grinning in a way that Griselda at least found particularly foolish.

Roslyn’s obvious annoyance at his remarks matched Griselda’s own. What is he playing at now? thought the girl. He’s showing her a weakness she can exploit! His sudden change of manner—the heavy brogue, the extravagant, foolish speech, must be a role he was acting. But why? Surely the Irishwoman, if she knew him at all, could tell he was playing a game!

But Lady Roslyn accepted his behavior without question. She came closer to the bed, smiling seductively. She is lovely, admitted Griselda. Those green eyes and all that dark red hair! What kind of an idiot is he, not to see what she’s really like? Give her half a chance, and she’ll enslave him again, for all his silly games.

Lady Roslyn was saying in a soft, coaxing tone, “Be reasonable, Timmy darlin’! Send the woman away. I’ll stay only two minutes, but I’ve a word for your private ear,” and she pursed her red lips invitingly.

Griselda had had enough. She walked over to the bed and handed the roll of money to Fallon. “We’ll finish our business later,” she said. “Sir.”

Milady’s eyes were drawn to the bundle of money. “So much as that to pay the monthly accounts?”

“Weekly,” said Fallon complacently. “’Tis a very expensive life I’m living’, me dear.”

“You’ve a nice little place here, Timmy,” Roslyn agreed, patronizingly.

Egging him on to boast, thought Griselda resentfully. And he’ll do it, never fear! Men are such fools!

“Oh, these are just my bachelor quarters, close to the clubs,” explained the fool. “I’ve recently acquired a town house, a little out of the fashionable district, I’ll admit, but quiet, so I can maintain me privacy. And then I’ve a country place as well.”

Boasting! thought Griselda hotly. She glared at him, and he caught her glance and smiled.

“Take me to at your town place today, Timmy,” the Lady Roslyn coaxed. “I’m dying to see it! Maybe I can smarten it up for you. I’ve a certain knack for adornment,” and she preened her lovely figure, delectably encased in a velvet redingote.

“Och, me dear, takin’ you to tea in me town house would be as bad as this—or worse! We’d not even have Mistress Meek to play propriety.” He appeared to relent at the sight of Roslyn’s lovely, pouting face. “I’ll come to your hotel today and pay me respects. In your brother’s presence an’ all.”

Roslyn considered this. “I had planned to visit the shops today—”

“Better and better! I’ll accompany you and mayhap we can find a pretty bauble to mark our reunion.” He smiled. “Now, away with you, Ros, me dear! I’ll show you me town house another day.”

With a charming shrug, the Lady Roslyn conceded defeat.

“We’re at the Grand Hotel in Covent Garden. I’ll be waiting for you, Timmy darlin’,” she said in a voice as sweet as syrup. Then she followed Griselda out of the room.

“The Boots will see you to your carriage, milady,” Griselda said stolidly. Roslyn brushed past her without a glance or a word. Griselda waited until the other woman had gone through the front door, which Orrible was holding open slavishly. The door closed.

“Mistress Meek—are you there?” came Fallon’s voice, full of laughter.

Griselda went down the stairs to the kitchen, donned her cloak and bonnet, and left the house. She knew that if she stayed she would reveal the whole story of Sholto’s disgraceful behavior. More. She was afraid she would also reveal to his mocking gray eyes that Miss Griselda Grant was in love with an Irish rascal.





Chapter 13



By the following morning Griselda had herself well enough in hand to contemplate facing the treacherous Fallon with some degree of control. Accordingly she arrived at Bishop Street at her usual hour, and found the servants gathered glumly in the kitchen awaiting her. Her sudden departure on the previous day had not escaped their notice. Very shortly she had a tempting breakfast on the table, and Barty and Orrible put on brighter faces.

Denny waited until the others had departed on their various duties. Then, as if unable to contain his alarm and disappointment, he burst out, “Himself is bewitched! I would never have believed the man could have forgotten the way she treated him—making a raree-show of him in front of her brother and Delevan! How could he forget it?”

“What has he done?” Griselda felt compelled to ask, although she really didn’t want to know. “It’s That Woman,” declared Denny lugubriously. “She’s bewitched him! Was he not dancing attendance upon her all of the daylight hours yesterday, an’ then off to the theater with herself an’ her brother an’ that Delevan last evening, an’ not home till the wee hours? I do not think I can endure to stay an’ watch it happening again.”

“But surely this is a sign of truly Christian forbearance, if your master can do good to those who used him so despitefully?”

“Do good?” Denny’s voice rose. “I’ll tell you how much good he’s doing That Woman! He bought her an emerald ring yesterday—and a lovely little mare for her to ride in the park. If you don’t believe me, go out into the mews and look in the stable!”

Griselda stood very still, her body frozen with shock. Was it possible she had misread the whole of the incident yesterday? That when she had thought Fallon was sharing a joke with her, he was merely exercising the kind of charm which is the stock in trade of a man who manipulates others to his own advantage? An emerald ring! Surely that was too valuable, too symbolic a gift to be offered lightly? It had to be what she had at first feared. Fallon was besotted again with the woman he had idolized in his youth. The Grant properties would no doubt go along with the rest of what he possessed as offerings at her unworthy shrine. For Roslyn was unworthy of a man’s true devotion; Griselda was sue of that, though she had met the woman only once and that, briefly. Those slumberous, slanted green eyes, the wild rose complexion, the vibrant mahogany-red hair, all the seductive wiles of the woman were aimed at one thing—the gratification of her own wishes and will.

Denny was muttering, “—says she’s like Diana.”

“Diana?” Griselda repeated, dully.

“The Huntress.”

“Oh.” and that’s true enough, if the poor foolish man could only realize it, she thought. She’ll hunt him down again the way she did the first time, and Fallon thinking all the time he’s the one doing the pursuing.

“She’ll ruin him proper this time,” Denny grizzled.

Griselda was so completely in agreement with this prognostication that she could find nothing to say to comfort the valet.

Denny continued, “And tonight he goes to their hotel to play cards. He’ll come home penniless!”

After a moment of dismay, Griselda set her lips. “That he shall not!” she declared stoutly.

Denny looked up at her. “Bound to,” he said.

“On the contrary,” retorted Griselda, “he will be unable to meet with those men at their hotel tonight—quite unable.”

“For why should he be unable, then?” inquired Denny, hopeful but skeptical.

“Because I am going to prevent him.”

“How?”

“I’ll give him a potion,” Griselda improvised desperately.

To her surprise, Denny became immediately interested. Mistress Meek’s phenomenal skill with the settler had impressed the whole staff. “Now that’s a clever thought!” he applauded. “I was afraid ye were goin’ to suggest we try to talk himself out of it, which I know from past experience is hopeless. Whatever kind of a potion would it be now, Mistress Meek?” This wild Irish peasant thinks I’m going to brew a witch’s broth, Griselda thought, between dismay and laughter. And then she had it! “Something to put him to sleep,” the girl announced triumphantly. “It stands to reason that if he is asleep, he can’t go anywhere! And maybe his failure to keep the engagement with them will give those creatures enough of a disgust of him that they will let him alone.”

This latest flight of fancy Denny was not willing to allow. “Starvin’ wolves in sight of a tender lamb? ’Twould take a shotgun to drive them away—if even that would work.” Then he brightened. “But every day we keep them from himself is a day gained. ’Twas well thought-of, ma’am.”

It was obvious Denny would have preferred something more colorful and exotic than a mere sleeping draught, but this judgment overcame his love of the romantic, and he congratulated the girl on her brilliant idea.

I just hope I don’t kill him, thought Griselda, but she did not share this moment of self-doubt with her admiring henchman. Instead she said briskly, “Go to an apothecary’s and purchase a strong sleeping draught. We’ll put it in the wine you serve him at dinner. He is going to dine at home, isn’t he?”

“That’s right enough. He wants to be very fresh for the gaming,” replied Denny. Then he added thoughtfully, “I got the feelin’ he was still a little wary of Maghery and Delevan. Maybe he fears they might dope his wine!” and he chuckled gleefully.

While it is we, his friends, who are going to do it. The girl had the grace to feel remorse. However, she soon was able to dismiss the feeling. What they were doing was for Fallon’s own good, wasn’t it?





That evening, quieting a little natural trepidation, Griselda introduced the contents of two small packets of powder into the decanter which Denny would use to serve his master. Just before summoning Fallon to dinner, she hastily added a third packet. “If some is good, more is better,” she advised the worried valet.

“Is it safe, ma’am?”

“I shall take the blame if there should be any comment from Mr. Fallon.” Griselda avoided the central question. “I shall be in the service pantry to watch the effect.”

The first setback to her plan came when Denny, returning to the pantry for the second course of the delicious but salty meal Griselda had carefully prepared, shook his head at her silently.

“What’s gone wrong?” she whispered.

“Himself is refusing the wine,” Denny whispered back. “Says he’ll have water and coffee only. Wants a clear head for the cards!”

They had not considered this possibility. Griselda set her lips. It was of no use to salt the food to induce thirst, if Fallon was going to slake it with plain water. She took up the doped decanter and went past Denny into the dining room.

Fallon looked up at her entrance, and a smile of welcome touched his lips. “Forgiven me for my teasing, Mistress Meek? I take that very kindly. What’s the occasion?”

“I’ve come to pour you a little wine,” said Griselda, feeling like Lucretia Borgia.

“I had planned on abstaining to keep my wits clear for the cards tonight, but if you wish to pour me a small glass, I’ll do myself the honor of drinking your health.”

Griselda, intent upon her plan, missed the softened look in his fine gray eyes. She poured a full glass.

Again Fallon regarded her quizzically, but he rose, and, standing tall, drank to “the incomparable—and enigmatic—Mistress Meek!” He set the glass down empty. Then he frowned and touched his tongue to his lips. “Which wine is this?”

“It’s a special vintage I bought today, in honor of Orrible’s birthday,” improvised Griselda hastily. “If you would drink a toast to him, he’d be terribly pleased. Do let me pour it for you!” and she lifted the decanter.

“Not in this glass. It’s sacred,” smiled Fallon, and threw it into the fireplace. Griselda didn’t take time to ponder the significance of this action; instead she was hurriedly filling another glass. She held it out to him.

“To Orrible,” she urged.

Fallon took the glass from her hand, seemed about to say something, then shrugged and emptied the glass. An involuntary shudder racked him as he set the glass down.

“You say you bought this—beverage—today, ma’am? Better leave wine-buying to Denny or me. And now let’s have a cup of your coffee—very black!

Griselda cast about desperately for some new artifice. She had no idea how much he’d have to drink to put him to sleep, and she wanted to get as much as possible of the powder into him. If she had had any left, she could have put it in his coffee; as it was, her whole ammunition was in the decanter. She steeled her will and ignored her fears. “You forgot the Lady Roslyn,” she said, and refilled his glass.

He watched her with surprise and some amusement. His cheeks flushed and his eyes began to blaze. He caught her wrist gently but firmly. “You are trying to get me drunk, my dear. Why?”

Griselda, too conscious of his fingers on her wrist, said a little shakily, “Surely these few sips won’t unsettle your head?”

At the words he went pale and released her wrist. “More like to unsettle my stomach! This, with all apologies to you, is a peculiarly vile wine. Can’t we at least open another bottle?”

“Your palate is no doubt a little dulled after last night’s potations. I found this wine quite good,” averred Griselda wildly.

“You found it . . . ?” Fallon shot her a keen glance. “Tippling, Mistress Meek?” He laughed too loudly, and filling a second glass, handed it to her. “Let us tipple together this wine of your considered choice, my dear. To the king!”

Griselda closed her eyes and drank down the queer-tasting brew. Fallon watched her carefully as she gulped and choked.

“To the strangely absent Denny!” commanded her tormentor.

Griselda set her jaw and gulped again.

“And now to your former employer, Mr. Sholto Grant. Did you also select his wines?”

“No,” Griselda gritted through clenched teeth. Fallon’s face faded and came clear before her smarting eyes. His sardonic smile misted, then sharpened. She clutched at the nearest chair back.

Fallon’s face went abruptly white. “I’ll kill the wine merchant. He’s doped this wine or I’m a Dutchman—” He broke off and struck one hand against the table. “Doped! Was it Denny? If he’s done this, I’ll have his black heart! Mistress Meek, are you all right? I’ll send Orrible for a doctor—” He lurched over to the bellpull.

“No!” gasped Griselda. “Please, we’ll be all right. Denny had nothing to do with this.”

He flung around to face her. “Nothing to do with what?”

“The doped wine,” confessed Griselda, while the floor seemed to be rising and falling beneath her feet. “I did it.”

Grimly clinging to his self-control and his wits, the man staggered over and pushed wide a window. “Fresh air . . . you doped the wine . . . but why? Was it because I let Maghery strike Denny without a reprisal? Do you hate me enough to poison me?”

“It ish not poishon,” enunciated the wretched Griselda, fighting a rising nausea. “It wash to put you . . . sleep.”

“To sleep? But why?”

“Sho you wouldn’play cards wi’ Maghery,” gasped the girl. Then, hand to mouth, she fled from the room, almost colliding with Denny as he entered. Fallon gave a gasp of laughter, then broke off in mid-breath. “A basin, Denny! I am going to be vilely ill!”

Later, white and shaken, Fallon said to his valet, “I’ll do now. No, let be! I’ll live! Mistress Meek said you’d nothing to do with this mad start of hers. Is that true?’

“I tried to dissuade her, sir, but not very hard,” confessed the valet. “At the latter end of it, I was encouragin’ her.”

“Would you like to explain what the purpose of this criminal act was?”

“I would rather not,” said Denny bravely.

Fallon’s smile was sardonic. “Very fine! Protecting the lady’s honor is ever the mark of your true gentleman. She said it was to keep me from gaming with Maghery and Delevan.”

Denny admitted the truth sheepishly.

Fallon sighed. “Well, I’m done for the night. Send Orrible around to Maghery’s hotel and inform him that I have eaten something which disagreed with me, and will not be able to leave my bed to attend their soiree.” He grinned wryly. “This insanity may not be a total loss. My failure to appear may increase their keenness to have me. It may serve, after all. You had better instruct Barty to drive Mistress meek to her home.”

Denny returned a few minutes later to assist his master into bed.

“Mistress Meek off safely?” grinned Fallon with a trace of malice. “She got almost as much of the stuff as I did!”

“She had already left, sir,” replied Denny repressively. “After having been wretchedly unwell in the scullery.” He frowned at his master’s laughter. Then, hesitantly, he added, “Barty says she has a coach waiting for her outside the mews every evening, sir.”

Fallon’s expression was suddenly sober. “Has she, now?” was all he said.





Chapter 14



At eleven the next morning, a loudly jocose pair of gentlemen waited upon Devil Fallon at his house, to twit him for shying off the gaming the previous evening. There may have been a trace of suspicion in their manner at first, but the sight of Fallon, who had had a very rough night and looked it, seemed unaccountably to reassure them.

“I bet Del you’d run shy, afraid to meet us.” Lord Ronyl’s coarse, heavy voice made Fallon wince. “I see I was mistaken. Ye look as sick as a horse.”

“Thank you,” said the gamester weakly. “I was in no case to concentrate on the cards last night, that’s certain.”

“I’ve felt a bit queasy meself, after some of these fine London meals,” admitted Maghery patronizingly. “Better get back to Ireland, boyo, where ye can trust the food!”

Orrible entered with coffee and three cups, and a glass of foaming liquid. “Will you join me?” Fallon offered, sipping at the potion gratefully.

The coffee smelled delicious, and the visitors accepted. Orrible poured with great care and passed the cups. Fallon finished his settler and then sipped at his coffee, glancing at his guests with observant gray eyes. Lord Ronyl, for all his loud laugh and bluster, seemed a little ill-at-ease. Delevan sat quietly, relaxing in a comfortable armchair. His face, under the sleek fair hair, was smoothly handsome and noncommittal. Of the two, Fallon felt he would rather face the callous brutality of Maghery.

“How are you enjoying the metropolis?” Fallon asked, making conversation.

“It’s well enough, I suppose,” Lord Ronyl shrugged. “Ros is as happy as a pig at a trough—”

“A singularly unpleasant analogy,” interrupted Delevan, with the first hint of emotion Fallon had seen from him.

Oho! Sits the wind from that quarter, thought Fallon. When we were all younger, in Ireland, I thought Delevan was the only one of us not besotted over her!

Delevan seemed to be aware of his self-betrayal. He hurried to change the subject. “She tells us you’ve given her a mare. She’s in alt about the animal.”

“Yes, when are we to set eyes on the nonpareil?” challenged Lord Ronyl.

“Ye gods! I had forgotten!” Fallon struck lightly at his forehead. “I am promised to Lady Roslyn! We are to ride in the park today! What is the hour? Eleven! I shall be late! You must excuse me, gentlemen, but I cannot entertain you one minute longer, delightful as it has been! I must rise and dress at once!” He reached a long arm and pulled at the bell rope. “Lady Roslyn expects me at one.”

“That’s a good two hours. It won’t take you that long—” Lord Ronyl began to protest.

“My dear! Only two hours? I hope I can manage . . .”

Delevan took the affronted Ronyl by the arm and led him toward the door. “These London Tulips!” he said with a laugh. “We’ll see you tonight, then?”

Fallon smiled blandly at them. “Let us say, rather, that you permit me to entertain you both at dinner on Saturday in my new town house? I’ll be all in a bustle, moving into it, between now and then. And with your permission, Maghery, I’ll offer tea to your sister there tomorrow afternoon. She has expressed a desire to redecorate the place for me.”

Ronyl’s face darkened. “Tea, with you—alone?”

Delevan pinched at his arm. “He includes us, of course.”

“I do?” Fallon was all bland inquiry.

Maghery pulled his arm from Delevan’s grasp and turned back to face Fallon, who, obviously enjoying the situation, picked up a quizzing glass from the bedside table and raised it to study Lord Ronyl’s reddening face. “Me dear Maghery,” he warned, “you are positively purple! Better watch the brandy!”

Lord Ronyl growled an obscenity and took a step toward the bed. Delevan said, at his shoulder, “He’s roasting you, man! Can’t you see when you’re being gulled?”

Maghery, head lowered and eyes burning, resembled nothing so much as a baited bull. He glared at Devil Fallon, who mercifully put down the offending glass, but continued to smile with innocent inquiry.

“Is that what you meant, Fallon? Was the invitation for my sister and me?”

“You can bring all your friends if you like,” replied Fallon lightly. “But you’d better consult Roslyn first. ‘Twas she who told me what she would do.”

Lord Ronyl was not satisfied in the least, but the last statement gave him pause. He was reminded that this fop, this gamester, had given his sister an emerald worth a year’s rent from his impoverished estates. He wanted to kill the presumptuous upstart, but the memory of Roslyn’s instructions kept him on the leash. Delevan made their adieus in form and bustled him out of the room and down the stairs. As they went out into the street, Ronyl thought he heard a man’s laughter from the house.

“I’ll kill him!” he growled, and would have turned back.

“You’ll hide your teeth and wait for the moment,” snarled Delevan. “D’ye think I enjoyed that? I’m to marry your sister, in case you’ve forgotten! But she’s right, Ronyl. If you kill the goose that lays the golden eggs before we get our share of them, I’ll kill you myself!”





Back in his bedroom, Fallon, who had guessed how their conversation would be going, was smiling as Denny helped him dress in his riding coat and buckskins. The beautifully cut garments suited Fallon’s tall figure to perfection. When Denny had finished, he stood back in simple admiration. Fallon grinned at him.

“Will it do to overwhelm the lady?”

Denny primed his mouth repressively, refusing to pander to vanity. “Mistress Meek has your breakfast ready, sir.”

“I am surprised she did not bring it up earlier. She has taken such a personal interest in me of late!”

Denny privately thought it would be difficult for any lady to resist his master in this mood, laughing and devil-may-care and provocative, with his fine eyes alight with challenge and laughter. However, he said in tones designed to depress pretension, “She does not like the gentlemen who visited you, sir.”

“And nor do you, eh, my lad?”

Denny refused to answer.

“I do not blame you,” Fallon said in a quiet voice. “They are not likable men.” He ran down the stairs lightly, leaving a puzzled Denny to follow.

Later, while his master ate breakfast in the dining room, Denny hoped Fallon would enlarge upon his comment, but Fallon ate without conversing, staring broodingly upon vacancy. Fallon went out at five minutes before one o’clock. Barty had brought around his master’s stallion and the dainty mare. Fallon mounted and led the way to the entrance to Hyde Park, with Barty following on his own hack and leading the mare. They had just entered the park when a rented carriage appeared, out of which Lady Roslyn Maghery descended, handsome in an emerald velvet riding dress.

Fallon dismounted and assisted her to mount into the mare’s saddle. They rode off, Barty following at a discreet distance. Roslyn patted the mare’s glossy neck. “She’s a darlin’! What have you named her?”

“I believe she is called Meg,” said Fallon. “But you will call her what you like. Does she please you?”

Roslyn flung back her head, touched the mare with her heel, and went flying down the path. Fallon was after her in a trice, and caught up with her so quickly she was startled. The hour was unfashionably early, so the ride was almost empty, and for a few hundred yards the man and the girl raced along side by side. Then Roslyn pulled up and laughed joyously. “She’s magic!”

She looked at the man riding along beside her. In the sunlight he made an attractive figure astride the great black stallion. For a disturbing moment Roslyn wondered if she had made the wrong choice. The vicar’s son had amassed a fortune; if rumor reported truly, so much that he could buy and sell her brother and Delevan several times over. A town house, a country estate, elegant bachelor lodgings—he was living on a grand scale. And the gifts! An emerald ring, a mare, as casually given as, in the old days, he would have brought her a posy or a book.

He was better looking than she remembered him. The boy’s sensitive face had hardened into a firmness which impressed her. His dark shining hair, regular features, and laughing gray eyes made Ronyl look coarse and common, and Delevan a smooth nonentity. She pursed her lips. Should she, perhaps, consider changing her plans, now that she had met Timmy again?

They had had word of him in Ireland. The young Duke of Clonmel, writing home to his mother, had given her the story of Devil Fallon’s amazing success, which was the talk of fashionable London. “It appears our vicar’s son is much admired, even liked. He seems to have made a number of friends. Even those who have lost considerable sums to him have a much respect for his skill as for his uncanny luck. I don’t know what his father would have said about the matter, but there’s no denying Tim Fallon is a very successful man among the English!”

The Dowager Duchess, who had always had a soft spot for the Reverend Fallon’s son, and who cordially disliked the Magherys, lost no time in conveying the news about the rejected suitor’s triumph in London. For all her beauty, Lady Roslyn had not made the brilliant match so confidently expected, and the dowager, who knew about and deplored the cruel game the girl had played on Tim Fallon, had herself driven over to the Towers to take tea with Lady Roslyn. She read her the duke’s letter, and enjoyed twitting her, not too subtly, on her mistake in judgment.

The Lady Roslyn passed it off with a smile, but her anger after the duchess left was a wicked thing to see. She raged and swore in the privacy of her bedroom, and smashed a vase of flowers sent by a bucolic admirer. She was short with Delevan when he came in with Ronyl for dinner. It was later that evening that she had hatched the plan which brought the three to London.

Now that she was here, however, the situation seemed different than she had anticipated. Fallon was even richer than she had been informed. He was also less malleable than he had been, and, strangely, more interesting. Should she, perhaps—?

She became aware that he was watching her with that very attractive smile. “A penny for your thoughts, milady,” he offered.

Roslyn had to pull herself together. He was quite too charming. Admit it, unsettling. The dangerous thing was that he was not the naive youth she remembered. This was a man, who might not react as that boy had done. Ronyl was making that mistake: thinking he still had love-smitten Timmy Fallon to deal with. Roslyn summoned up a seductive smile.

“I’m thinkin’ of a name for the mare. I’ll call her Fallon’s Luck,” she said softly, with a languishing glance in his direction.

The exasperating man threw back his head in a shout of laughter. “Better name her Fallon’s Folly and be done with it,” he advised, his gray eyes dancing with mirth. “I’m picturing Ronyl’s face when you announce that you’re riding Fallon’s luck!”

Roslyn was annoyed. Fallon should have been all eager, awkward gratitude for her favor. And as for Ronyl—!

“Have you seen my brother today?”

“Oh, yes,” Fallon was still chuckling. “He and Delevan waited upon me in my bedroom before I was up in the morning. They’ll really have to learn not to keep country hours here in London,” he advised her, grinning. “No one of consequence is seen outside his house before twelve. Perhaps you could drop them a hint?” He chuckled again at her expression. “I think they suspected my indisposition was a ruse to avoid their company. Then, seeing me all frail and pallid upon my couch, they were forced to accept the reality of my illness.”

Roslyn bit back the surge of anger that threatened to overcome her judgment. Was this mocking man the foolish boy she had twisted around her finger? He dared to mock her! She would blast him—! And yet . . . There was the emerald ring upon her finger, casually purchased when she admired it, and this mare, high-bred and dainty. It would be foolish to resent his teasing when there was still so much she might gain from him.

“What? Struck dumb, Ros? Surely it can’t be the thought of Fallon, sick and defenseless, which holds you speechless?”

“You are a naughty man. I must try to think of a way to punish you,” she said with mock severity.

“I’ve no doubt you’ll try it,” said the outrageous man, “Shall we canter?”

As she set the mare after his black, Roslyn felt off balance and apprehensive for the first time in her life. He would set the pace, would he? She resolved to make him pay for his impudence. So when they approached the gates and her hired carriage, she told him she was bored with riding and wished to return to the hotel. At which the exasperating creature assisted her to dismount and handed her into the carriage with smiling courtesy, instead of the regret and dismay he should have shown. Roslyn felt a chill of alarm. She must not lose him now! So she leaned to the carriage window and held out her hand with her most seductive smile.

“Am I to have the privilege of seeing your town house today?”

“I had hoped to give you tea there, and solicit your advice about refurbishing the place, but,” he sighed and bent over her hand, “it seems it is not to be.”

“Why not?” queried Roslyn in a sharper tone than she intended.

“Ronyl.”

“Ronyl? What has he to say to anything?”

“Apparently a good deal,” replied Fallon, releasing her hand and stepping back from the carriage.

“But this is absurd! What did he say?” Roslyn’s voice took on a shrill note.

“You had best ask him,” advised Fallon solemnly. “Shall I tell your coachman to drive on? I fear we are blocking the entrance. Au revoir!” and with that, Fallon waved the coachman on.

Seething with fury, Roslyn was left was the memory of a tall, handsome figure, smiling and waving his hand.

“Grinned all the way home, he did,” Barty told his fascinated audience. They were seated around the table in the kitchen at Bishop Street. “I was ridin’ behind ’im, leadin’ the little mare, an’ he was chucklin’ an’ laughin’ like Tom o’ Bedlam!”

“But what was he laughing at?” demanded Griselda. “He must have said something to you!”

“Nary word.” Barty grinned reminiscently. “I’d give a lot to have heard what he said to her lydyship. Red as a beet as she druv’ off, and master smilin’ an’ wavin’.” Barty shook his head.

“Maybe he’s finally got rid of her,” ventured Denny.

“Not a chance,” Griselda said crossly. “Her kind aren’t so easily discouraged.”

The event proved her correct. At three o’clock that afternoon, an open carriage stopped before Number Six Bishop Street, and a coachman got down. In the carriage sat the Lady Roslyn, elegant in amber velvet, with a hat with three amber plumes. Her coachman plied the knocker at Mr. Fallon’s residence. While Orrible was hurrying to open the door, Devil Fallon came leisurely down the stairway from his room.

“Tell Mistress Meek I am going to take the Lady Roslyn for a drive in the country, and then I may take her to tea in Thornapple Square. If we come, it should be about four o’clock, Orrible. I shall be back for dinner—alone.”

“ ‘E’s tykin’ ‘er to that grand ’ouse ’e won,” reported Orrible. “I ’eard ’im tellin’ ’er brother this morning that’s what ’e was goin’ to do, but milord cut up rough. I guess the lydy made ’im chynge ’is mind.”

“At least,” Griselda told the servants, “he has the decency to give me time to warn the servants before he descends upon them with strange females! I suppose I should be thankful for so much!” She stalked over to the hook on which she hung her cloak and bonnet each morning, and put them on. “Barty, you may drive me to Thornapple Square at once!” she snapped.

After she left, Denny and Orrible exchanged worried glances.

“She didn’t s’y when she’d be back to myke dinner,” said Orrible.

Denny shook his head.

“What’s so strynge about that good-lookin’ gentry mort?” persisted Orrible.

“I fear that Mistress Meek is—jealous of the Lady Roslyn,” said Denny soberly.

Orrible opened his mouth to comment and then closed it, staring owl-eyed at the valet.





Chapter 15



As the coach rattled over the cobbled streets, Griselda adjusted her veil. She left her home in her own carriage every morning heavily veiled, so the servants would not see their mistress with the scar maquillage. Tom Coachman had been with her father, and like Wiggins, would believe no evil of her, but his dour face as he let her out at the entrance to the mews each morning, and picked her up in the evening, was enough, she once told him crisply, to curdle milk.

Her mind was busy with conjectures as she rehearsed the actions she would have to take, but continually the thought of Fallon interrupted. At one moment she was sure he was playing some deep game; in the next instant she felt scorn for his infatuation with the Irish woman. His offer to show her the town house Griselda saw as a slightly childish effort to impress a woman who had once rejected him. Surely he was not going back on his word to sell the house to Sholto?

That thought brought her up sharply. Where was Sholto? And if she could find him, would he have the spirit to face Fallon and offer for the property? Or would he turn sullen and stubborn, ranting about a man’s honor, and refuse to do as he ought?

Worst of all, where would the money to bargain with come from? Like the spoiled child she’d condemned in Sholto, she’d returned Fallon his five thousand pounds when he sat there like an idiot coquetting with the Irish woman. What difference could it make to Griselda Grant whom an Irish gamester flirted with? Grimly she brought her mind back to the problem. So she’d returned the five thousand. Fallon would scarcely have let two such valuable properties go for so small a sum, in any event. Was he playing with her as he was with Roslyn?

Griselda shook her head in exasperation. For all her brave talk, she’d made as great a mull of it as Sholto had! It would have to be confession to the Heathrows, and the quiet, legal negotiation of the business by men better fitted to deal with such problems than she was. And as for Sholto’s reluctance to have anyone know of his folly, it was time her brother grew up and faced the consequences of his own actions. The lawyers would keep quiet about the wretched business if she asked them to do so. And Sholto would behave properly or she’d send him to the farm to stay until he’d learned to behave as he ought. As for Mistress Meek, she had played her part and would disappear. She would certainly not remain to wait upon an Irish termagant!

Somewhat comforted by these decisions, Griselda looked out the window to discover her whereabouts. She spent the next five minutes planning her immediate course of action. Wiggins would have to be warned of the imminent arrival of the new owner—temporary owner!—and his guest, for Griselda hadn’t a hope that Fallon would resist the temptation to lionize himself in front of the Lady Roslyn.

Next, she would have a maid pack her boxes so she could move to a hotel to wait out the negotiations between Sholto, Fallon, and the Heathrows. Then advise Wiggins to send Sholto to join her—where? Why not the Grand Hotel? She’d heard the name somewhere lately. It was known to be an excellent house, quiet and conservative, catering to upper-class patrons with a desire for service but none for ostentation. If only Lady Southerleigh had been more approachable! She might have gone to stay with her for a few days. But no! The Southerleighs must be kept from even the slightest hint of Sholto’s folly. Griselda sighed. In these last few weeks she had thought scarcely at all of her conventional fiancé, and the thought of him now brought nothing but a sense of impatience.

The carriage drew up in front of the town house in Thornapple Square. Griselda descended, thanked Barty, and ordered him to return to Bishop Street. Then she hastened up the steps to the front door. Wiggins had it open for her before she touched the knocker.

“You’re early, Miss Zelda! Is something amiss?”

Griselda hurried past him into the front hall. “We’ve no time for that now,” she said. “Fallon is bringing a guest here shortly, and I must be packed and away to a hotel before they get here. Tell Tom Coachman to bring the carriage around in an hour. Has Sholto returned?”

The old butler appeared dazed at her news. “Not yet, Miss Zelda, but I expect him any day, as I’ve told you.”

“Wretched boy! He promised he’d be back in a month. What was the name of the friend he went to? Never mind—” as Wiggins began to stammer. “I’ll think of it as I change. The first thing I’m going to do is to remove this idiotic scar. Fallon knew it was false. He told me so!”

As she spoke, she was hurrying across, the great hall toward the stairway. Wiggins fluttered after her, requesting direction as to how he should behave to the Irish gamester, deploring the whole situation, inquiring how long the interloper would be staying, advising Griselda that her father would not have approved of any of this, and calling Heaven to witness that he had always done his best to protect the Grant orphans. Griselda realized that she would have to take time to reassure the faithful old man and inform him of the exact situation, or he would be incapable of carrying out his part in the events of the next few days. She caught at her self-control, led the way to the drawing room, and patiently explained as much of the situation as might prepare him.

“Mr. Fallon has agreed to sell back both the properties,” she concluded, “if Sholto will be man enough to make an offer. So all is well that ends well, is it not?”

Wiggins did not appear to be entirely convinced. “Well, now, Miss Zelda, are you certain you can bring your brother up to snuff? And where, if I may make so bold, is the money to come from? You told me you had rather not bring the lawyers into it—”

“I was wrong,” said Griselda. “I intend to take them into my confidence—”

“They’ll never agree to it,” protested Wiggins. “Master Sholto being a minor and all, and having no right to hazard the property in the first place—”

Her response startled him. “They had better agree to my requests! It is Grant property and Grant money. They will do as I tell them!”

Wiggins blinked at her. “You don’t look anything like your father,” he quavered, “but when you said that, Miss Zelda, it was Simon Grant speaking!”

“Good!” said Griselda briskly. “Now, do you know how you are to act when Mr. Fallon comes? We must not be remiss in any observance, lest he become angry and refuse to sell. So treat him, if you will, as an honored guest.”

“I shall, Miss Zelda. Everything shall be done just as it ought to be. How long do you think he will stay?”

“A day or so, I should guess. Long enough to impress his Irish friends. Actually it will depend on how soon we can find Sholto and get him up to the sticking point. I’m going to the Grand Hotel. As soon as Sholto gets here, have his valet pack him fresh clothing and send them both to me there.”

“What if Mr. Southerleigh comes here while Mr. Fallon is in residence?”

“Good God, Wiggins, is that likely?”

“Mr. Southerleigh called here this morning. He asked me when you were expected back from France, and seemed very discontented with my answer.”

“What did you tell him?”

“I said it would be at least one more week, Miss Zelda.”

“But that is perfect! I expect to have all our problems neatly solved by then. Now I must go up and select some clothes for the hotel. Send one of the new maids—Mary, I think—to help me. I’ll—Oh, bother! Who can that be? You’ll deny me, of course. Tell whoever it is I’m still in Paris.”

Someone was beating a tattoo on the bronze door knocker. Wiggins, muttering nervously, hastened out into the hall. Griselda stationed herself just inside the nearly closed door of the drawing room. She heard Wiggins say, “Yes, sir? What may I do—?” and then she heard a voice which had become all too familiar.

“I am Timothy Fallon. I believe I own this house.”

Griselda gasped. He must not find her! As she prepared to leave the drawing room by way of the door which led into the Ladies’ Parlor, her eye lit upon a large portrait of Miss Griselda Grant in white silk and pearls which hung above the marble fireplace. It had been her father’s favorite of the several portraits he had had painted of her. Fallon—and the Lady Roslyn Maghery—must not be allowed to see it, lest they guess that Mr. Fallon’s housekeeper was in fact the city merchant’s heiress.

Griselda ran over to the fireplace, pulled a chair into place beneath the portrait, and climbed up. She tried to lift the picture from the wall, but it was large and heavy and exceedingly awkward to handle. In fact she couldn’t even get it off the hooks. She heard the door open behind her, and gasped. “Did you get rid of them, Wiggins? Come at once and help me get this portrait out of sight!”

“Why should you? It’s really quite attractive just where it is,” came Fallon’s voice.

Griselda whirled around precariously on the chair and beheld the tall, immaculately dressed figure of the Irish gamester, looking particularly devilish with the saturnine smile on his handsome face.

“Should you be climbing upon the furniture, Mistress Meek? Let me help you down.”

To her confusion, he did so, very firmly, and as he set her upon her feet, he said, “I am afraid Wiggins didn’t succeed in getting rid of me. In fact, the shoe was on the other foot.”

Griselda hastened to put some distance between her person and that of the gamester. His eyes went from her face to the pictured likeness.

“Now this is interesting,” he commented. “I hope you mean to tell me why Mr. Sholto Grant keeps a picture of his housekeeper in the position of honor in his drawing room? You were perhaps his nurse or his governess in—ah—happier days? Before you acquired the movable scar and lost your looks?”

Griselda said icily, “Spare me this heavy-handed raillery, sir! I am Sholto’s sister, as I make no doubt you know.”

“I had not known the exact relationship until this moment, not considering the families of my gaming acquaintances any of my concern. I am glad to learn, however, that at least one of the Grants had courage.”

Griselda did not find this compliment much to her liking. “What do you intend to do?” she asked.

“Why, just what I said I should. I’ll use this place for a day or so—’twill assist me in a plan I have—and I’ll sell it back to your brother for the amount I wagered against it.”

Griselda didn’t like the idea of the Grant town house being used as a part of any scheme of Fallon’s, and said so.

The Irish gamester smiled at her in a way that she found particularly infuriating. “Then you had better get your fool of a brother to redeem it quickly, for thanks to him, it is, at the moment, the Fallon town house.” He stopped smiling and regarded her with an oddly gentle expression. “Better accept the situation with grace, my dear. It won’t be long, after all. I’m sure, now that I behold all this very expensive magnificence, that the Grant fortune will be adequate to redeem your brother’s debts.” He looked at her closely. “Is there any chance that you might be induced to confide in me? You seem to have made a spirited, if absurd, effort to regain possession of your home. Are you actually in some financial difficulties?”

Griselda turned her face up to his, her eyes searching his face. After a moment the gamester frowned and said in quite a different tone, “For mercy’s sake, take that ridiculous thing off your face!”

Griselda was minded to give the impudent fellow a sharp set-down when the knocker thundered again at the front door. “Ye gods! Am I never to have a moment’s peace?” she groaned. “Can this be your Lady Roslyn?”

“I doubt it. I left her at her hotel. I am to return and pick up both the Magherys and Mr. Delevan and escort them here. The men were absent when we reached the hotel. Lady Roslyn is very much out of charity with them” He grinned reprehensibly.

“Shut the door into the hall,” commanded Griselda. “I have no wish to be discovered here by casual visitors.”

Fallon, like a sensible man, was already doing so, but he left a tiny crack so she could discover who the latest arrival might be.

Wiggins, moving through the hall to the front door, passed their position. “How did you get away from him?” whispered Griselda.

“Sent him to get me some sherry,” Fallon whispered back.

The butler opened the front door, and a high, unpleasantly penetrating female voice was demanding to know exactly when Miss Grant would return from Paris. “—for I must inform you that I am Lady Southerleigh, who is to be Miss Grant’s mamma-in-law, and I am not to be put off with servant’s evasions.”

Griselda went pale and grasped Fallon’s arm. “Good God!” she whispered. “She must not find me here like this!”

Fallon patted the hand on his sleeve absentmindedly, as they both strained to hear how Wiggins would handle this formidable challenge.

Wiggins was imperturbable. “I shall send a messenger to you, milady, the very instant I myself receive word of Miss Grant’s arrival,” he began. “She had intended to return next week—”

“Do not keep me standing upon the doorstep, fool!”

There was a small confusion of sounds as the lady apparently pushed past Wiggins into the hall. “I intend to remain here until you tell me what I wish to know,” her voice came louder to the listening ears. “I am convinced you have the exact date, or can get it. Do so!”

“I am not sure I like this, Mamma,” said a male voice nervously.

Fallon glanced down at Griselda with raised eyebrows.

“My affianced husband,” whispered the girl.

Lady Southerleigh was speaking. “No more do I, my son, but it must be done. Trust Mamma to know what is best. I was afraid of something like this. When you chose to ally yourself with the daughter of a cit, you should have realized that you would encounter disagreeable situations. There is an instability here which I cannot like. Why would the girl rush off to France on the eve of your wedding?”

Her son was heard to murmur something about bridal clothes.

“Nonsense,” retorted Lady Southerleigh. “You may accept such an explanation; I do not. It is high time I took control of this skimble-skamble business. Before I can permit you to bring this young woman into the family, I shall have to be sure—very sure—that she will not disgrace us all with her ill-bred starts and unladylike jauntings!”

Wiggins was heard to interject in a colorless voice, “If your ladyship will be pleased to enter the drawing room and be seated? Perhaps milady will consent to partake of a glass of ratafia, while I endeavor to discover from the housekeeper if she knows the date of Miss Grant’s return?”

“That is a sensible idea,” conceded her ladyship. “But first, since I am here, I believe I shall require you to give me a tour of the premises. I must decide whether I wish to put the place up for sale, or retain it as a pied-à-terre. Lord Southerleigh is most particular in his requirements, and finds the mansions offered to lease when we are come to London are sadly inferior to what we are accustomed to in our own Leigh Park. True, this house is in an unfashionable part of the city, but it seems larger than the place we have now, and better furnished.”

“Indeed, milady? Please follow me into the dining room. The paneling is thought to be very fine. The gold service, for twenty-four persons, includes plates, goblets, cutlery and the epergne, all of which were crafted in Italy. And this set of dishes, service for twenty, was brought by special order from China. There is not another such set in England—” Wiggins’s voice was cut off as he closed the door into the dining room.

“How could he puff us off like that?” breathed Griselda.

“Your butler is affronted, and rightly so,” said Fallon. “He is dealing with her as she deserves—a meddlesome, prying, ill-bred woman.”

There was an awkward silence. Then, “I am not marrying her!” Griselda whispered fiercely.

“Are you not?” the gamester whispered back. “Let’s get out of here before she comes to inspect us.”

“I suppose you imply that she is snooping?” asked Griselda.

“Well, isn’t she?” He regarded her flushed face soberly. “I can think of few worse fates than to find oneself in the power of that harpy.”

“You are hardly likely to be so,” snapped Griselda. “But you are right. She mustn’t find either of us here.”

“Where shall we hide?” he whispered, eyes lighting with amusement. “Under the stairs? Up the chimney? I would give odds that her tour of inspection will leave no door unopened—no drawer, even!”

Griselda felt she must disapprove of such levity toward her future mother-in-law. She said so, but a horrid suspicion had entered her mind. Had Lady Southerleigh come prepared to snoop? She must have known that Griselda was away from home, since Regis had been told so by Wiggins just this morning. More to quiet her own doubts than to answer Fallon’s challenge, she whispered stoutly, “She is naturally interested in a house she may be visiting very frequently—”

“So interested that she comes to inspect it in the absence of its owner? Of course if it doesn’t suit her, she’ll sell it!”

Griselda found herself out of patience with the impudent man, the more so since he was saying only what they both had heard. Still, she discovered herself to be equally annoyed at what must only be regarded as the overbearing encroachment of Lady Southerleigh. Rather crossly she led the way through the Ladies’ Parlor to the rear hallway which led to the kitchen. Fallon stopped her just outside the kitchen door.

“Do take off that very gruesome looking patch or whatever it is on your cheek, my dear! Since I’ve seen what you were used to look like in your youth, I find I can’t bear it!” he teased.

Griselda refused to rise to the bait, but she did pull the red sticking plaster from her face before leading the way into the kitchen. The new servants might not even recognize her with it, since she had worn her heavy veil every morning on leaving the house to be driven to the mews behind Fallon’s residence. She accepted the rather nervous bobbings of the cook and her helper, and wisely did not try to make any explanation of her presence in the kitchen with a male guest.

Fallon appeared to be enjoying his conducted tour, and smiled so charmingly at the two servants that he was offered a cup of tea on the spot. Griselda was forced to interrupt the exchange of courtesies when they heard the sound of Wiggins’s voice as he led Lady Southerleigh and her son across the front hall and into the drawing room. He was pitching it loud enough to be heard by his mistress, wherever she might have taken refuge.

“If you will be seated here, your ladyship, I’ll bring you a glass of ratafia—or a cup of tea, if you prefer it?”

“Tea will do nicely for me. You may bring a glass of sherry for my son.” Milady’s vice was even more penetrating than the butler’s.

“Poor devil doesn’t even get to choose his own tipple,” commiserated Fallon.

The cook and kitchen maid were looking bewildered at the turn of events. Small wonder, thought Griselda fiercely. Their oddly dressed mistress hiding in the kitchen with a veritable beau of the ton, while some strange female and her son demanded a tour of the premises! Her resentment at the Southerleighs crystallized into a low-voiced rebuke of the outrageous Mr. Fallon.

“Regis treats his mamma with courtesy,” she snapped, “but that is something you would hardly understand!” She knew it was unworthy of her before the words left her mouth. Rather than accepting this very daunting set-down, however, Fallon grinned cheerfully.

“Can’t call his soul his own, I expect. I haven’t set eyes on him, having been forced to skulk in the background since he and his formidable mother descended on this house, but I’ll lay you odds he has narrow shoulders, spindleshanks, and an air of overbearing self-confidence—when his mama is not present to deflate him!”

Since this was painfully accurate, Griselda chose not to dignify it by a reply, but instead advised the cook, “Prepare for tea for guests. I am not at home to them, so if Wiggins should conduct them through the kitchen, you will please not mention my being here.”

The women seemed confused by the situation. The cook, bolder being the older of the two, asked, “Conduct them? But ma’am, how is it Wiggins would bring visitors to your kitchen?”

“This visitor is a lady who wishes to be sure she is not buying a pig in a poke,” Fallon advised her kindly.

“Buying a pig—”

“Oh, for heaven’s sake, Fallon, be still! You do not help with the problem with these attempts at humor!” snapped Griselda.

“I thought it might ease the tension,” offered Fallon mendaciously. Any rejoinder Miss Grant might have made was cut off by the entrance of a harried Wiggins. Griselda gasped but relaxed when she perceived him unaccompanied.

“She’ll be here in a moment if I don’t get the tea in!” the butler whispered hoarsely. “I tried to head her off, but she’s like iron. Insists on seeing the whole place.”

“I shall go to my room,” Griselda said with a show of calm. “You will not, of course, take her there. I am sure it is only the public rooms she will wish to inspect.”

Wiggins did not appear to be convinced, but he picked up the tea tray with a word of thanks to the cook. “I’ve given Mr. Regis the wine. I’ll try to keep them in the drawing room with this as long as I can, Miss Zelda, but you’d better slip up by way of the servants’ stairs at once.”

“But this is delightful!” said Fallon, lounging with one hip on the edge of the table. “An arrogant beldam sets the whole household by the ears; its mistress hides in her own kitchen and escapes by the servants’ staircase! Ma’am, take my advice. Hire Mistress Meek to handle this contretemps. She reduced my small difficulties to order with resolution and dispatch. I am confident she could handle this problem equally well.”

Griselda gazed at him darkly. The women were beaming at him as though he were the answer to prayer. He is probably right, she conceded. I am behaving like a coward. But it is all so awkward! Will you leave now, sir?” she asked.

“’Twould be a good time, sir,” Wiggins seconded the idea. “I can close the drawing-room door when I take in the tea, and you can slip out—”

“Slip out of my own house?” Fallon asked lazily, his mocking eyes on Griselda. “I had rather show these uninvited guests the door!”

Griselda clasped her hands. “Mr. Fallon, you don’t understand!” she said, her voice quivering slightly. “If you please—”

Fallon stared at her, then shrugged. “I suppose it was too much to expect.”

“Too much?” Griselda faltered.

“That you would show pluck. Females,” he added gently, “are not usually courageous.”

The bell from the drawing room rang sharply.

To no one in particular, Fallon said, “Milady calls!”

Griselda turned and fled up the stairs.

Half an hour later, sitting in her elegant dressing gown by the window in her bedroom, Griselda heard Wiggins’s voice outside the door.

“This is Miss Griselda’s room, milady.”

“You may open the door. The room faces out into the square, I collect? I wish to see the prospect from the windows.”

Griselda did not move from her chair. If Lady Southerleigh overran her defenses, burst into the room, she would face and repel the encroachment. If she lost Regis, so be it. She had never really had for him anything but the most civil tolerance. She had learned in the last few days that real involvement with another human being was a very different thing than the civil contract she had been about to enter into.

Wiggins’s voice, colorless, respectful, and unexpectedly firm, came to her ears.

“I do not feel it my place, madam, to open my mistress’s suite to anyone in her absence. You will understand, I am sure.”

“Mamma! We must go!” pleaded Regis, obviously embarrassed. “Have you forgot our engagement with Lord and Lady Tethinton?”

There was a further comment in Lady Southerleigh’s harsh tones, then the voices became less distinct as the inspection party passed along the hallway and down the main staircase. Griselda hardly noted their departure.

He was right, she thought. I am a coward. Even Wiggins is braver. And that hateful woman is a beldam, a hag, a . . . I cannot endure to place myself under her control.

She tried to order her thoughts. Why did the Southerleigh alliance seem insupportable now, when she had accepted it, if not with rapture, at least with a comfortable feeling of well-doing just four weeks earlier? What had brought about this radical change in her attitude? Surely Lady Agena and Regis were not suddenly become monstrous?

You had not then seen them as you did today, prying and spying in your home in your supposed absence, argued a quiet voice in the back of her mind.

Better if I had been absent, she told the voice. Then I would not have learned about a side of the Southerleighs which must disgust any person of sensibility!

Are you working on the theory that what you don’t know won’t hurt you? You’ll catch cold at that, my girl! How can you endure the thought of a lifetime spent in their company, under their control? goaded the small voice within her mind. Was it an echo of her father’s sound common sense? It had a familiar ring.

But I have accepted Regis! The Heathrows feel I have done very well for the Grants, behaved just as I ought. Simon Grant’s grandchildren will be members of the nobility!

They will also be Lady Agena’s grandchildren—and Regis will be their father, the voice reminded her.

I cannot bear it, she thought wildly. I—I have changed. But not enough, the familiar voice sounded in her mind. You have not the courage to break off with them, the arrogant, snooping—

Fallon! It was the echo of his voice she heard in her head, his sneering comments about the family of Simon Grant: “no pluck . . . no courage . . . hire Mistress Meek—”

—who can handle everyone’s problems but her own, his voice had implied.

A light tapping on her door aroused her from self-recrimination. “Who is it?” the girl called.

“Wiggins, ma’am. Master Sholto is home.”

“Has Fallon left?”

“No, Miss Zelda. Can you come down? There seems to be a—problem.”

Griselda stood up. Really, this was becoming intolerable! Could none of these men conduct their own affairs without appeals to her? “I shall be down in fifteen minutes,” she said crisply. Welcome anger was blossoming in her breast. “Be kind enough to ask the gentlemen to await me in the drawing room.”

She was amused by the obvious relief in Wiggins’s voice as he said, “Yes, Miss Zelda. Thank you!”

In very little more than fifteen minutes Miss Griselda Grant swept down the main stairway of her father’s town house. She presented a very different figure from the one which had fled cravenly up the servants’ stairs earlier. Her face, washed clean of disguise, was restored to its usual beauty; her shining gold hair was modishly dressed; she wore a gown of blue silk exactly the color of her eyes. Her head was up and her beautiful eyes flashed. The picture she presented was enough to open the eyes of at least one of the men who awaited her.

Wiggins closed the door after her as she swept into the drawing room and confronted Fallon and her brother. Fallon drew a deep breath.

“So this is Miss Grant?” he said, and bowed deeply. “I must admit she is more handsome than Mistress Meek.”

“Who is this Mistress Meek?” asked Sholto, scowling. He was nervous of the confrontation with Fallon and his sister. “What difference does it make to my sister and me what some female looks like?”

When Fallon merely raised an eyebrow at this display of querulousness, Sholto went on, sullenly, “I cannot understand what you are doing here, Fallon. I was informed by my sister that she would make all right—! You did tell me, Griselda, that you would get our house back!” He frowned at her petulantly.

He behaves like a spoiled child, thought Griselda, seething with anger, and in front of Fallon! Has the boy no pride?

Unfortunately for her self-control, Fallon caught and echoed her thought. “You wish to hide behind your sister’s skirts, Grant? I have told you already that I have not met Miss Grant, nor, indeed, would I expect a man’s sister to intervene in a matter of play and pay.” The quiet voice had a cutting edge.

Sholto’s face reddened and he clenched his fists.

“I do not expect—that is, I fully, intend—” he began to bluster, then faltered and cast a beseeching glance at Griselda.

“As I informed you,” Fallon interjected before Griselda could respond to Sholto’s appeal, “I shall consider selling back the house when—and if—you have the courage to seek an interview with me to make me an offer.” He held Sholto’s eyes with a level gaze, and repeated quietly, “When and if. You have not demonstrated much courage so far, Grant. It would seem that your sister deserves a manlier protector.”

Must he lash at the boy so unmercifully? Griselda opened her mouth to make a heated defense of Sholto, then shut it again. For the boy, white-faced, had straightened his shoulders.

“May I wait on you, sir, for the purpose of redeeming my sister’s house . . . which I lost to you?”

Fallon nodded curtly. “This is Tuesday. I shall receive you in Bishop Street on Friday at twelve noon . . . that is, if three days will give you time to get the money?”

Sholto’s face went even paler. He had to clear his throat. “I shall do my best. The amount?”

“Exactly what I wagered when you asked if you might put up your town house as security for a like amount—ten thousand pounds.”

Fascinated, Griselda watched her brother, white to the lips, digest this intelligence. But when he said, in a voice like a croak, “And the farm?” she could have embraced him. Spoiled, sullen, childish, Sholto might be, but he was facing up to this as she had never seen him do before. The room, Sholto, Fallon, blurred before her eyes, and she realized that there were tears of pride of her lashes.

Fallon merely bowed slightly. He could at least have said something in praise of Sholto’s courage, thought Griselda angrily. Then she wondered if he might be behaving correctly according to that thing known as a Gentleman’s Code.

Sholto was repeating, in a stronger voice, “The amount for the farm?”

Fallon shrugged. “We can settle that between us when you come,” he said. “I shall tell you now that it will suit me to take up residence here this evening, and to remain here until Sunday afternoon. During that time I shall entertain several friends at dinner Saturday night, and invite a lady to drink tea here tomorrow afternoon.”

Sholto frowned.

Fallon raised his eyebrows.

Sholto said hurriedly, “Wiggins informs me that all the servants are at the farm, and there are just a temporary cook and a couple of hired girls—”

“Then there will be less talk, when your own servants return, if they have not been aware that this house has been temporarily in the possession of another owner.”

Sholto looked mutinous. “I do not think the present staff can manage a dinner party—”

“I shall bring my own servants to assist yours,” said Fallon smoothly. Griselda’s eyes flew to his face, but it was unreadable.

“You have invited a lady to drink tea with you here?” Sholto persisted.

“My housekeeper, Mistress Meek, will be here to satisfy les convenances, if that is what is worrying you.”

“Oh, no!” Sholto was embarrassed. “I just—wondered what lady . . . if the lady was one who knew whose house this is—”

“The lady is a newcomer to town, and has never heard of Sholto or Griselda Grant—or of Lady Southerleigh,” Fallon added shrewdly.

Sholto’s face cleared. “Oh, then there surely can be no objection! Did you know, Griselda, I met the Southerleighs as I came in? I naturally supposed they had been visiting you, but they told me you were still in Paris—Paris? Now I come to think of it, that’s deuced odd! I’d no idea you’d gone to Paris.”

“I had not,” said Griselda who had been in a panic since Fallon had cast his bomb. Mistress Meek to be present to satisfy convention? What madness was this? She pulled herself together. “I asked Wiggins to deny me today because I could not face them—”

“I don’t blame you!” said Sholto with a grimace. “That woman! All the same, it’s a queer start! Wiggins told me they’d been all over the house. If they thought you were in Paris—”

“Lady Southerleigh came to see the house so she could decide whether or not to sell it,” explained Fallon.

“Sell it? The woman must be all about in her head! The place belongs to my sister.”

“Still, after I’m married to Regis,” Griselda began to explain.

“Oh, then!” said Sholto. “Well, I shall take lodging somewhere in the city—a neat, small place with just Calver to look after me—and one or two other servants. I tell you to your face, Zelda, I couldn’t stand living anywhere near that woman!”

“You have more sense than I credited you with,” said Fallon kindly. “Will you stay here until Sunday? I should be pleased to have you at dinner Saturday night.”

Sholto looked affronted. “I think not,” he said stiffly. “I shall stay at a hotel with my sister. She would not wish to stay in a public inn alone.”

Fallon turned to Griselda. “Miss Grant?”

He was giving her her chance. Griselda’s mind raced with conjectures. Was he asking her to stay or to go? Anger rose again in her breast. It was not fair of him to force her to make the choice! If she stayed, what was to be her role in the play? He was offering her no guarantees, no concessions. Stay with me, his arrogance stated; stay on my terms.

“Sholto, you might take rooms for us both at the Grand Hotel. I may be able to join you there sooner than I think.”

“Not at once?” Sholto looked puzzled.

“I shall be staying with—friends for the next day or so,”

Griselda replied. “A prior engagement.”

“Oh, very well! I’ll just tell Calver to pack fresh linen for me. The Grand Hotel! It will be a famous thing!” His face fell. “I say, Zelda, I’d better talk to you before you go to your friends. If I am to redeem the property,” he explained to Fallon, “I shall have to ask my father’s lawyers to advance me the money. And that means telling them what a—a fool I’ve been.”

“You wish your sister to go with you to face them?”

Sholto’s face darkened. After a moment he said sullenly, “I was going to ask that of her.”

“Of course I shall go,” said his sister, glaring at Fallon.

Sholto shook his head. “He’s right, it would be better if I went alone,” he admitted.

Fallon held out his hand. After an instant of surprise, Sholto clasped it reluctantly.

“It’s only thirteen years till I come into my inheritance. The Heathrows can take some of the loan out of my allowance every quarter until then!” With a sneering smile, Sholto went quickly out of the room.

Griselda was feeling in some charity with Fallon for his handling of Sholto, but the gamester soon managed to rid her of benevolent feelings.

“Your father showed less than the acumen he is reputed to have possessed when he left his fortune in such a way that Sholto will not have control of his share until he is thirty,” Fallon said grimly. “Did he intend the boy to be tied to your apron strings for years? ’Twill make a cripple out of him! He would be better to defy you and the lawyers and run off!”

“I hope you will refrain from putting any such idea in his head,” retorted Griselda, between anger and alarm.

“He’s spoiled, headstrong, ill-disciplined,” was Fallon’s answer. “You do not handle him well, my girl!”

“You have the effrontery to criticize me!” snapped Griselda, “ ‘My housekeeper, Mistress Meek, will be here!” she quoted acidly. “You are an unprincipled ruffian! What part had you planned for me to take in your affairs? If you expect me to act as a servant, to wait upon your Irish bullies and that—woman—!”

Fallon grinned unforgivably. “I thought that was where the shoe pinched! Not wait upon them, Mistress Meek. Just see to it that the dinner is as good as you have trained me to expect—”

So that was what he wanted! Not a partner to share his difficulties and his triumphs, to enter into his council as an equal—oh, no! Mr. Fallon didn’t want a friend. He needed a cook! Griselda shook with irrational fury. “You would really try to use me as a servant in my own house? Is it not enough that you force Denny to wait upon the bullies who struck him? You are despicable! If my brother were not in your power, I would have you thrown from the house this instant. As it is, you must be content with what servants you can hire. I despise you!”

Fallon had stopped smiling. “If you think—!” he began furiously, then changed his mind. His face assumed its inscrutable gamester’s mask. “If that is how you feel, Miss Grant, you had better go to the hotel with your brother. I had planned to explain my purpose to you, but I see that my idea of including you in my scheme of such a creature as you think me would be quite ineligible. I shall bid you good-day.”

His bow was correct and cold. He closed the drawing-room door quietly behind him. In a few moments Griselda heard the sound of the heavy front door closing.

When Wiggins entered the drawing room, the girl looked up dully. “What now?”

Wiggins held the silver salver on which he normally presented to her the cards of callers and the letters brought by the post. On the tray now was a large roll of bills. Wiggins’s face was impassive. “Mr. Fallon instructed me to give you this, Miss Zelda. He says it is the wager you won.”

“Throw it in the fire!” commanded Griselda. “No, wait! Give it to Sholto. Tell him that is five thousand pounds he will not have to ask the Heathrows for. And then you may ask Mary to come to my room to help me pack. I am going to the Grand Hotel with my brother.”





Chapter 16



Mr. Sholto Grant and his sister, with valet and maid and a mountain of luggage, were ushered into the most luxurious suite of rooms in the Grant Hotel. There were two airy bedrooms, each opening onto a small private balcony overlooking the hotel’s private courtyard, an arrangement shared by the other two suites on the same corridor. Each bedroom had its own dressing room in which a truckle bed could be set up for the servant of a guest. The bedrooms were joined, or separated, by a large sitting room furnished in the first style of elegance. There was even a small fireplace and a luster chandelier.

Young Mr. Grant was very pleased with everything, and inquired as to the hour when dinner would be served in the dining room, and what plays were currently being offered in the city.

“For I have been in the country on a repairing lease,” he explained to the landlord, who had himself conducted to their quarters such affluent guests.

While Sholto was arranging for tickets to a play and choosing dinner for himself and his sister, Griselda walked to the door which led out to the balcony. When consulted by Sholto as to her preferences for the meal, she replied gently that she thought she would have a little chicken and some tea here in their sitting room, and go to bed early.

“Oh, that is the shabbiest thing!” Sholto was at first rallying and then disappointed, but she satisfied him by entering into his plans for his own entertainment with feigned interest. Better to have him fully occupied at a theater than hanging about the hotel lobby or roaming the town.

As their host, satisfied that all was to the taste of his guests, bowed himself out the door, Sholto said, “Well. Griselda, I’ll just wander down to the coffee room and spy out the land before dinner.”

She smiled at his boyish enthusiasm, but said in a serious tone, “We’ll need to talk a little about your interview tomorrow with the Heathrows, don’t you think?”

Sholto’s ebullience faded. “I suppose so,” he said grudgingly. “I’ll be back in time to talk before I dress for dinner.”

In fact he was back within half an hour, good humor magically restored. “Griselda! There’s the most beautiful girl I ever set eyes on, downstairs at this very moment, and she’s staying at this hotel with her brother, just like you and me! Brother’s a great go—huge fellow with shoulders like a bull, dressed very fine! He was most friendly—asked me to their suite for a quiet game of cards after dinner. Their suite is on this floor—quite handy, you can see it! It seems they’re just over from Ireland and don’t know many people here as yet. D’ye think I should turn back my tickets to the theater and accept their invitation? Or perhaps get three more tickets and ask them to be my guests at the play?”

With a feeling of horror, Griselda realized why the name of the Grand Hotel had come quickly to her mind when she had decided to get away from the town house. She had heard it from Lady Roslyn Maghery. This was a disaster! Sholto was looking at her inquiringly. There was no time to think—!

“Have they a friend with them?”

Sholto was startled. “Why, yes, how did you know? Oh, I see! Three tickets! Yes, Sir Ronyl introduced me to their friend, Mr. Terence Delevan. Should I offer to host them, Gris?”

Trying not to spoil Sholto’s eager anticipation, Griselda replied pleasantly, “Better not to seem too solicitous, my dear. I’m sure they are constantly toad-eaten in Ireland, if they are of the nobility. It would make a stronger impression of your own consequence if you went slowly with the friendship, don’t you think?”

“But they asked me to play cards!” protested Sholto.

And you told them you were engaged for the theater tonight, and would be pleased to join them another time, I’ll be bound. Very self-possessed—quite the man of the town,” smiled his sister.

Sholto preened a little. “Well, yes, as a matter of fact, I did. It all happened so quickly, and I blurted out my plans for tonight before I had a chance to think what I’d rather do,” confessed Sholto. “You think my hesitation made a good impression?”

“It was bound to,” said Griselda earnestly. “Believe me, they’ll value you the more for not agreeing too quickly. I’ll wager they suggested a later night’s entertainment?”

“Well, they did!” said Sholto with satisfaction. “They asked me to join them at dinner tomorrow night, or even to drop in to their suite later, for cards.”

“You see?” Griselda smiled. “They think the better of you for not coming to heel at their first whistle.”

Sholto frowned at an analogy he could not like. “But I wish to further the acquaintance, Gris! They’re regular top-of-the-trees, out-and-outers!”

Over my dead body, thought Griselda grimly, but she assumed a complaisant air and said only, “Of course you do! But I’ve changed my mind, dear. I’m lonely. Have your dinner up here with me before you go to the theater. It will be above anything cozy! We’ll have Mary light the fire—see, it’s already laid—and Calver shall bring up the dinner as soon as may be. What have you decided to order?” And so, talking and coaxing, she kept him out of the public rooms and away from the Magherys for one night.

She was still awake when Sholto returned from the theater. She overheard him relating all the details of his experience, which had evidently been a delightful one, to Calver. She drifted off to sleep secure in the belief that he hadn’t seen the Irish adventurers at the theater—an eventuality she had feared. Probably they had not yet discovered the extent of her brother’s fortune!

She had left instructions with Calver to inform her the instant Sholto rose. She ordered breakfast to be served in their sitting room, and was dressed and at table before Sholto emerged from his bedroom. He was not in the least tired from his pleasuring of the night before, and with very little encouragement from his sister, told her all about the play: actors, theater, and audience. This safe topic lasted all through breakfast, and when it and the meal seemed to be coming to an end together, Griselda suggested that they might spend the day seeing some of the more interesting sights of London, which, because of Sholto’s youth and their quiet way of life, they had not previously done.

Sholto began by regarding this proposal with considerable suspicion, but when he was reassured that his sister did not mean to drag him through museums or art galleries or any such Gothic starts, his resistance dissolved. He was forced to admit that a variety show offering rope dancers, performing animals, jugglers and fire-eaters promised very good entertainment indeed, and agreed to escort his sister there that very afternoon. He also agreed that a balloon ascension from St. George’s Fields about noon would make a very acceptable aperitif before the main attraction. So brother and sister set off in good spirits before Lord Ronyl’s party had emerged from their bedrooms, and Griselda felt she had won a small victory. Surely Sholto, after such exertions and delights as the variety show must provide, would be willing to eat dinner in their sitting room and might even welcome an early bed.

Indeed, it seemed to be so. Dinner tête-à-tête was pleasantly beguiled by Sholto’s enthusiastic reliving of the day’s excitements, voted beyond anything great. His sister bid him goodnight at ten P.M. in the comfortable belief that he, too, was bound for his Couch. She took the risk of suggesting that since the meeting with Fallon was set for Friday, tomorrow might be a good time to visit the Heathrows.

Sholto muttered something intended to be appeasing, and Griselda thought she had turned his thoughts away from the glamor of his new acquaintances and toward his adult responsibilities.

Alas for her hopes! Sholto, repairing to his own room, began to think nervously of the coming interview with the lawyers, and his imagination conjured up such grim pictures of their scorn and censure that all hope of sleep fled, and he began to cast about in his mind for any possible way of getting money without asking those self-righteous old men.

Of course the offer of his charming new friends to entertain him at cards popped into his mind. It was not long before he was visualizing himself as a very ungrateful dog to have ignored their invitation. After a few minutes of worrying about whether it was proper to win money from such kind, if casual, acquaintances, he slipped quietly out of his bedroom into the hall and sought the Magherys’ suite. He was resolved he would win just a little—not enough to be missed by men of such obvious wealth as Lord Ronyl and Mr. Delevan.

He could have spared his scruples. When he staggered back to the ministrations of his valet five hours later, he had a dim and uneasy recollection of drinking a great deal too much brandy and losing a great deal of money.





Chapter 17



Griselda was made aware of this latest disaster as she sat at breakfast the following morning. The day had promised to be unseasonably warm, and Mary had opened the door onto the small balcony outside the sitting room. Griselda, hungrily regarding the ample breakfast the waiter was laying before her, charged Mary to require Calver to rouse his master at once, if he wished to find a single bite of food left.

Calver came in immediately, sober-faced, and informed Miss Grant that her brother had returned to his bedroom very late—or very early, he said with a titter, if one was to be quite accurate—and more than a trifle above himself. Then seeing the surprise on Miss Grant’s face turn to shock and anger, he began to make excuses for himself.

Griselda cut him short. “You are not his keeper, Calver. How could you prevent him if he wished to get out? Do you know where he went?”

“From what he said, ma’am, and how he looked when he came in, he was somewhere within the hotel. No hat—no top coat . . . Perhaps he has formed a new acquaintance here?”

“I had better see him at once. It is essential that he be in condition to conduct an important business interview this afternoon—”

“If you’ll permit me to say so, Miss Grant, I do not think Mr. Sholto will be able,” Calver advised her. “He is still sleeping heavily, and will not awake in very plump currant.”

“I apprehend you are telling me that he’s drunk and will have a vile headache when he wakes,” translated Griselda grimly. “You had better go out to an apothecary’s and get me the things I shall write down on this paper.” She went to the little escritoire and wrote briefly. As she handed the list to Calver, she said, “This is most unfortunate. Had I had any notion Mr. Sholto was planning to go out, I would have warned you to try to dissuade him, or to notify me. However, what’s done is done. While you are gone, Mary and I shall get cold water and towels and more coffee. We must do our possible to rouse my brother as soon as you return with the ingredients for the settler.” She picked up her reticule. “Here is money for the purchases you will make.”

Calver took the money obsequiously from her hands, but he resented having to be funded by a woman. Queer sort of go it was, when a young sprig as rich as grease had to hang on his sister’s sleeve for every penny! The valet felt personally abused. Serve the bullocking Miss Grant right if her brother did kick over the traces now and then! Let her manage the meet with the lawyers herself, if she was so concerned about it! Smiling and bowing, he took his leave.

One hideous hour later, Sholto, queasy and shivering, was huddled in an armchair in his bedroom, glaring at his sister through red-rimmed eyes. He was dumbly resentful and sullen. Knowing him, Griselda wasted no time in recriminations.

“You may leave us now, Calver. Mary, bring one more pot of coffee, please, and then you may have an hour to rest.”

When they were alone, she turned to her brother. “How bad is it?”

He pretended not to understand.

“How much money did you lose to the Magherys?” she demanded.

He muttered that he hadn’t kept count.

“The more fool you, since you’d so little money in your pocket—Oh, no! Not the five thousand pounds!”

Sholto looked very sick indeed. He made fumbling gestures toward the pockets of a coat he did not have on. “I can’t remember,” he whined.

Griselda set her teeth. “Can you remember if that’s all you lost? Or did you give them notes of hand, or whatever they’re called?”

“Vowels,” said Sholto. “IOUs. I don’t think so.”

“Did you by any chance wager the town house or the farm?”

“How could I, when I have not yet redeemed them from that gamester Fallon?” snarled Sholto weakly.

“I hope you are right! Heathrow may be persuaded to buy back the properties once, but I cannot imagine him doing so twice in the same week!”

She stared down at him. He looked very young and very sick as he huddled in his overly ornate dressing gown, a boy trying very hard to ape the modes and manners of the Polite World, and succeeding only in aping its worst weaknesses and vices. She had to own herself beaten. What could she do to make him a man of whom their father might have been proud? How would he have dealt with this latest folly? She remembered that Simon Grant had left the boy to the too-fond indulgence of a silly mother. The girl shook her head wearily. Fallon might have saved him. There had been a flicker of something—manliness, acceptance of responsibility—when the two met at the town house. Gone now. As Fallon was gone out of her life. Griselda squared her shoulders.

“Well, Sholto, what are we to do? Can you face the interview with the Heathrows?” As she saw the look that came over his face, she answered her own question. “No, you cannot. Shall we cast ourselves upon Mr. Fallon’s mercy? Or shall I go to the Heathrows in your place?”

Sholto took a ragged breath. “If you are trying to shame me into going to the lawyers while I feel this way—” he cried; then at her stare of disapproval, he broke and began to sob. “I’m sick, Zelda!”

Griselda set her lips. “Those persons with whom you played—the Magherys—are little better than blacklegs! Luring a green boy into their room, getting him drunk, and then fleecing him! I hope you will learn from this, at least enough not to play against them in future!”

“You’re always at me! And this time you’re far off the mark. They are members of the peerage, fine important people—as good as your precious Regis and his antidote of a mother!”

“Fine people indeed, to rob a drunken boy!”

“You’ll never understand, so I shan’t try to explain,” he retorted.

His sister lost patience. “You may not need to explain to me, but you’d better get a story ready for the Heathrows.”

Sholto refused to meet her eyes. “You’ll have to see them. I can’t go.”

“You must. You gave your word to Fallon. Or doesn’t your word mean anything?”

Sholto’s face darkened from greenish-white to red. Still he said nothing.

“Oh, go back to bed!” she snapped, finally.

Sholto rose shakily from the chair. “You—you’ll go to the lawyers for me?”

Griselda stared at him without expression. “No.”

“But you must!”

“Go to bed.”

She went into the sitting room and poured herself a cup of coffee. For several minutes she stared at the closed door of Sholto’s room. Mary and Calver came back. She addressed Calver.

You will lock the door from Mr. Sholto’s room into the corridor and bring me the key. I am going out shortly. When I leave, you will lock the door of this room and keep the key in your pocket. Mr. Sholto is ill. He is not to leave this apartment. Do I make myself clear?”

Calver looked glum. “Mr. Sholto’ll get rid of me.”

“Impossible. He has not the power to do so. Your salary is paid by the estate. I shall not permit him to dismiss you.” She waited, not sure how much to confide. Then, “Last night my brother played cards and lost money he intended to keep for another purpose. He was made drunk by people I believe are dishonest. My brother has been completely taken in by them. If by any chance they should call on him here, or send a message, you are to say he is out.”

“They’ll never believe it.”

“Nevertheless you will say it.” Griselda was startled at Calver’s insolence. “You will keep the door closed until I return. That is an order. And I am able to dismiss you!”

“Yes, ma’am,” said Calver, looking alarmed.

Griselda was not reassured. The valet had taken on the attitudes and the sullen self-will of his young master, evidently very partisan and resentful of Miss Grant’s control. It was an unfortunate situation, but she could do little at the moment to correct it.

“Mary will bring food to you, and anything Mr. Sholto may ask for. You will keep the doors for me, and deny my brother to all comers. Get the keys now.”

While Calver was quietly locking the doors of Sholto’s room, Griselda went into her bedroom to get her cloak. She was deeply troubled. If only there was someone she could consult! Someone who would give her advice without recrimination or argument. It was probably inevitable that she would have to lay the whole matter before the Heathrows, but if there were any other choice, she would prefer to conceal Sholto’s weakness from them. Could she, perhaps, appeal to Fallon for more time? Hardly. She recalled the violence of her denunciation of him on Tuesday. Remembering, her face became hot with embarrassment. Although she had flung the charge at him, she had not really thought him contemptible. Why, she asked herself, did she behave with such uncharacteristic anger in her dealings with this man? She hardly knew the woman she had become in these past few weeks. She put up her hands to cool her burning cheeks, then walked over and stood beside the open door leading out onto the small balcony. The breeze refreshed her. She stared with unseeing eyes at the metal railings.

Suddenly she heard her surname spoken in a man’s voice, almost at her shoulder.

“ . . . young Grant. Did you arrange to get him here again tonight?”

“I keep tellin’ ye he’s no longer worth our time,” came the unmistakable brogue of Lord Ronyl Maghery. “Didn’t I take five thousand pounds off him last night? He’s plucked clean! I say, let’s get along with our plan against Timmy-boy. Have ye found him yet? Has he left the town?”

They are in the bedroom next to this, Griselda realized. She stood frozen, hardly daring to breathe lest they discover her presence, yet straining to overhear what they might say next.

Delevan was speaking. “Fallon’s servant denied him yesterday. Told me his master had been called away on urgent private business. That would explain why he failed to pick us up.”

“Business? Him? What business could a gamester have?” objected Maghery.

“Don’t underrate the fellow. It’s obvious he’s done very well for himself amongst the English. You should not show your hate of him so clearly, me bucko.”

“Did he not have the audacity to raise his eyes to me sister?”

Delevan laughed softly. “Trust Ros to deal with him,” he advised. “Isn’t our whole venture a clever stratagem of her own? She’s off to his house this very day to discover if he’s really there or gone away. I’d put my brass on your sister, Ronyl. She’s irresistible. She cozened him once for our sport. She can do it again for our profit.”

“I cannot like it,” persisted Ronyl, “her trafficking with that presumptuous rascal. I tell ye I cannot wait to get him in me clutches.”

“You’ve no finesse, Ronyl,” Delevan said mildly. “You go runnin’ after the preacher’s son, poor clod, and leave the young Croesus untouched.”

“Give me but one chance at Fallon! I’ll get him blind drunk and forge his name to enough vowels to ruin him!”

“Clumsy as well as heavy-handed, laddy,” chided Delevan softly. “Plenty of time to pluck Fallon. I keep tellin’ you we would do better to get that young cit in here tonight. He’s half flash and half foolish, but he’s a pigeon worthy of our milking.”

“A green halfling!” grunted Ronyl. “D’ye think he’s got more than five thousand pounds? I’d his whole fortune off him last night.”

“On the contrary, dear boy. I have done some research today and I find he’s worth a score of Fallons. He’s underage, of course, but he’s heir to one the greatest fortunes in England. That five thousand is just pocket money to him.”

Maghery whistled. “D’ye say so? How about parents? Guardians?”

“He’s an orphan” Delavan advised him. “There’s a sister, but she’s older, I hear, and lives very quiet. The boy don’t get his hands on the dibs till he’s thirty, but while we’re waitin’ for Fallon to come back to town, we can employ ourselves profitably with the halfling. We’ll get enough of his vowels to set us all up for life!”

“Who wants to wait ten or fifteen years to collect?” objected Ronyl.

“Who is it says we’ll have to wait? Only get him here, make him drunk again, and flatter him into playing for larger sums, take his IOUs, and when we have a sizable sum, we’ll take his debts of honor to his lawyers and press for payment. They’ll be glad to settle for part of it.”

“Or we take ‘em to his sister, and put the screws to her.” Ronyl’s voice was eager. “What is she like? How old is she?”

“Oho, Ronyl, me lad! You’re not so thick-witted as I had supposed! The sister, eh? Do you think to go for the whole shebang instead of just a trifle?”

There was a pregnant silence, followed by their laughter, then Lord Ronyl’s voice, “What are we waitin’ for? I’ll look through the hotel for the wealthy boyo. If he’s out sightseein’ as he was yesterday, I’ll leave a note for him. Where’s his room?”

“Somewhere on this floor. Ask at the desk. I’ll order brandy and lay out the special cards.”

There was more laughter, heavy and predatory. Griselda silently thanked Heaven that she had Sholto safe asleep in his room with the doors locked, but she couldn’t keep him there forever. What could be done?

She walked back into the sitting room to make sure Calver had locked Sholto in. As she did, she heard a nervous tapping on the door leading to the corridor. Griselda went past Calver and flung the door open, the light of battle in her eyes. Wiggins stood in the corridor.

When he was inside and the door shut again, the butler delivered his news. “Mr. Fallon has not come to the house, Miss Zelda. There’s been no word. I felt I must consult you. Has there been a change of plans?”

Griselda looked at Calver. “You may give the keys to Mr. Sholto’s room to Wiggins, then go and find Mary.” When he had gone, the girl turned to her butler. “The Magherys are here, Wiggins, next door. It is my fault that we are here as well. I had heard Lady Roslyn mention where they were staying, but I forgot where I heard it, and only remembered the name of the hotel.”

“It is a reputable place, Miss Zelda. You are not likely to come to harm here.”

“Sholto played cards with Sir Ronyl last night and lost the five thousand pounds Mr. Fallon paid me on Tuesday.”

Wiggins was rendered speechless by this disaster.

“They got him drunk and I have no doubt they cheated him. I overheard one of them mentioning the ‘special cards.’ But since I cannot prevent him from gaming with them, I must lock him up.”

“You cannot do that for long, Miss Zelda, in a public inn. He’ll raise the roof!”

Griselda bit at her knuckle. “How if we—you and I, perhaps with Calver’s help—got him away from here and down to the farm?”

“I doubt he’d stay there, him misliking the place so much,” objected Wiggins gloomily. “There’s no one can control him.”

“Devil Fallon could,” Griselda heard herself saying. “He handled him very well at the house on Tuesday.”

Wiggins glanced at her speculatively. “Yes, Miss Zelda, I believe he could. He’s a very persuasive fellow.”

“You like him, Wiggins? That gamester?”

Wiggins pursed his lips. “Your father would have liked him, I think. He’s honest—a decent kind of man—and as for his being a gamester, your father was used to say a merchant was no better than a gambler, always taking great risks.”

Calver came in quietly, Mary wide-eyed at his heels.

Griselda made up her mind. “Mary, you may pack my belongings. We’ll be leaving shortly.” The girl hurried away. “This place is too dangerous,” she told the men servants. “If I must come to points with Sholto, I don’t intend to do it within hearing of half of London.” She nodded decisively. “Calver, is my brother asleep?”

“He was when I left him, and will be for some time, I venture to say.”

“Good! I wish you to request a private interview with the landlord. You will tell him very quietly that Mr. Sholto Grant is ill, and that his sister and his doctor will remove him to his country estate this afternoon. Our host should be more than eager to get a sick man out of his house without fanfare. He may even permit you to remove him by way of the back door.” She studied their puzzled faces. “Don’t you see? I want to get my brother out of the clutches of those men. He’s only seventeen—too green to deal with their kind . . .”

Wiggins nodded agreement. “They won’t see us leave, and if they inquire, they’ll be told he’s gone to the country. Very good, Miss Zelda! But where will we be taking him?”

“Home,” said Griselda. “There’s a lock on the nursery suite at the top of the house, and bars on the windows. We’ll just keep him there a day or two, until I can arrange something he’ll like better. Go now to the landlord, Calver, and tell him what I instructed you. Wiggins will give you money to settle the account here.” When this had been done, and the valet had left, Griselda turned to her butler. “When Calver returns, have him pack Sholto’s things. When all is ready, rouse him enough to dress him and get down the back way. Can you manage?”

“Yes, Miss Zelda.” He smiled at the girl. “Don’t fret. It’s a good plan. I left Tom Coachman in the street, waiting.”

“I knew I could depend upon you! I’ll go at once to Mr. Fallon’s to see what’s amiss there. We’ve got to maintain the connection until he sells us back the property, you know.” She looked sternly at Wiggins.

“Oh, yes, Miss Zelda. We need to maintain the connection.” The old man smothered a slight smile.

“Well, then,” Griselda continued, her glance still suspicious, “I’ll send the carriage back to wait for you and Sholto and Calver. At the rear of the hotel, I think. Mary can take the luggage home in a hired chaise—no, wait! Let us leave no trails to Thornapple Square!”

“Surely those creatures would not have the effrontery to seek out Mr. Sholto in his own home!”

“Would they not? The Maglerys had the effrontery to consider wedding me for my fortune! They are leeches! Once they have tasted blood, they will cling!” As she talked, Griselda put on her cloak and a veiled bonnet. She said to Wiggins, “When you’ve got Sholto settled in the nursery, you are to see that he stays there. Have you enough resolution to control him that far? To lock him in for his own good?”

“Yes, Miss Zelda. I love him too, you know.”

“Bless you!” Griselda took a deep breath. “Then you may send the carriage back for Mary and the luggage, and when they are home, send the carriage to Fallon’s residence for me.”

“And if Lady Southerleigh calls again?’

“Tell her—tell her nothing!” said Griselda grimly. “And do not let her inside the door.”

“Yes, Miss Zelda, “said Wiggins happily.

Griselda sought out her carriage and reached it without incident.





Chapter 18



Orrible was alone in the kitchen when Griselda came quietly in. When he saw her, his face lighted up. “Oh, ma’am!” he said. It was like a prayer.

“Is he here?”

“Yes. ’E’s been ’ere since Choosdy. Locked ’isself in ’is room, ’e ’as, an’ won’t let any of us in. Ceptin’ Denny to bring ’im a bottle of brandy las’ night. ’E must’ve ’ad bad luck. M’ybe ’e’s lost all ’is brass.”

“How could that be? You tell me he has kept to his room, so how could he lose his money?”

Orrible was struck by the wisdom of this. His face brightened into a beaming smile. “Now yer ’ere, Mistress Meek, all’s bowman. ’E said as was ’is luck, the day you left. Choosdy. ’E went out all rigged in a new toge and shap, lookin’ fine as five pence. That’s when ’e said you was ’is luck. I’m glad yer back!”

Griselda remembered last Tuesday. The excitement of shared hazard, hiding from Lady Southerleigh. Then Fallon’s firmness with Sholto, and the boy’s reluctant response. Fallon could have made a man of him or at least helped him to stand on his own feet. And how had she rewarded Fallon? By ordering him out, refusing to listen to his plan calling him contemptible! Fallon’s luck! She had behaved worse than the Lady Roslyn!

Griselda laid aside her cloak and bonnet and went to the stove. “I suppose you three have not bothered to eat regularly since I left?”

Orrible shrugged. “Denny fixed somethin’. We been in the dumps, I tell ye. Barty’s been on the door, tellin’ everyone Fallon’s in the country. Denny’s been sittin’ outside the Guv’ner’s room, waitin’ for a chance to do somethin’ for ’im.”

“Go up and bring Denny and Barty down here.”

“Yes, ma’am!” Orrible was off like a racehorse.

In a minute, Denny stood before her, tears on his cheeks. “Oh, Mistress Meek!” was all he said. Barty grinned wordlessly.

Griselda patted Denny’s shoulder. “It is going to be all right, Denny. I won’t leave till he’s on his feet again.”

Denny couldn’t speak. Griselda made them all sit down at the kitchen table while she hastily prepared sandwiches and waited for the kettle to boil. Then as the three servants ate, Denny tried to tell her what happened since she left.

Mr. Delevan had come Wednesday afternoon and been told Fallon was called away on business. He had been reluctant to accept the message but had finally left.

“Sure an’ I don’t know what to do for the best, ma’am, an’ that’s the truth! Himself had a plan. He was goin’ to invite those two villains to some grand house he had won, and tempt them to wager large sums with him, and then win it all!”

“But what if he had lost?” protested the girl, recalling the references to special cards and vowels forged against a host too drunk to know what was happening.

“I told him the same thing!” wailed Denny. “All he would say was he’d found his Luck at last!”

“In ’igh gig ’e was,” corroborated Orrible.

Griselda forced herself to face the fact that Fallon had, early in the game, discovered her true person—and liked it. He had not appeared at all surprised when he caught her trying to hide her portrait. Could she truly have been the “luck” he boasted of? She set her teeth against the remorse she felt. A little more of this, she thought, and I’ll be wailing like Denny! “He won’t come down? Then I’ll go up and see what I can do.”

“He won’t open the door to any of us,” warned Denny.

“He’ll open it for me,” the girl said stoutly.

The door to Fallon’s bedroom was uncompromisingly locked. Griselda knocked firmly.

“Go away,” said Devil Fallon. The weariness in his voice shocked her. “I must see you,” Griselda said. “It is Griselda Grant.” There was a silence within the room. Then, “Go away.”

“Open the door, Mr. Fallon! There are things you must know—”

Silence.

“Tim, I need your help. I am in great trouble,” Griselda said humbly.

There was the sound of footsteps toward the door, the scratch and rattle of a key, and then the door swung open. Fallon stood looking at her from his darkened room.

Griselda was not sure what it was she had expected to see. She had ministered, during the few weeks she had been Mistress Meek the housekeeper, to Fallon, drunk, Fallon hung over, and Fallon contented and boyishly lighthearted. This man, looking at her so quietly from the shadows, was a stranger. The lines of the face, covered by a stubble of dark beard, were harder and leaner than she remembered. The thick dark hair hung over his forehead. His expression was unreadable.

“It is you,” he said after a moment. “I had thought—” He seemed to reconsider what he had been about to say. “How may I serve you, Miss Grant?”

“May I . . . come in?”

He considered this a moment. Then he shook his head. “It would not be suitable. If you will give me a few moments, I shall join you in the drawing room.”

The girl moved back a little. Fallon shut his door.

Ten minutes later, when Fallon joined her downstairs, she had had time to take in the fact that the room was colder, less alive than when she had been in charge. The flowers in the big bowl were wilted; the faintest haze of dust made a patina on tables and chests. Fallon came in quietly. His hair was neatly clubbed, he wore a fresh shirt and neckcloth and a plain dark suit. He did not smile, nor did he seat himself.

“You must excuse the appearance I presented upstairs, Ma’am,” he said constrainedly. “Rumpled linen—no coat—I was not expecting company.”

“Oh, Fallon, what does all that matter? I’ve seen you when you had more than a coat missing!” She laughed shakily, but did not answer in kind.

“You said you were in trouble, Miss Grant. How may I help you?”

So it was to be like that. Could she have been wrong? Was it Roslyn who had brought this pain into his face? In the better light of the drawing room, Griselda could see the dark shadows under the gray eyes, and the wary, guarded lines around the mouth. I must not be discouraged, she told herself. I am in trouble and he can help—perhaps only he.

“My—my fool of a brother, as you so justly named him, has proved it again. He was enticed into a game of piquet with Ronyl Maghery, and lost the five thousand pounds you paid me.”

Fallon waited in silence.

Griselda clasped her hands together lightly and kept her voice steady. “I overheard Mr. Delevan and Lord Ronyl discussing you, Sholto, and myself. You are to be made drunk, after which Lord Ronyl will forge your name to enough vowels to ruin you.”

Fallon was frowning at her, surprised and doubtful.

“Sholto is to be fleeced of enormous sums through the use of special cards—although why they should need them when he plays so poorly, I cannot guess! It seems like shooting ducks in a barrel.”

“Fish,” corrected Fallon.

Griselda smiled. Surely that iron reserve was melting a little? “Thank you. Fish in a barrel. Then when the two rascals have won enough of Sholto’s IOUs, they plan to force the Heathrows to redeem them. Or alternately, they may decide to collect Sholto’s debts from his old maid sister.”

“They can’t have seen you,” Fallon said shortly.

“I have reason to be grateful for that,” Griselda advised him, “since your noble friend is also considering marrying me, and getting the whole shebang, to use Delevan’s graceful phrase—if I’m halfway presentable, that is.”

“Damn him!” said Fallon, roused at last. “I’m glad you told me. You must contrive to stay out of their reach—”

“You underestimate their greed,” said Griselda. “They are searching for Sholto at this very moment.”

“Where is he?”

“I have him locked in the nursery at the top of our house, but I don’t place much dependence on my ability to keep him there above a day or two.”

“Your servants—your lawyers—can none of them protect you?”

“We can keep the Maghery out, but how do we keep Sholto in? That is where you can help.”

“I?” It seemed she had managed to surprise him again. “How?” Then his face hardened. “I understand you find me contemptible. Set one rogue to catch the others?”

She knew now that it was of utmost importance to her that she heal this hurt she had dealt him. More was at stake than helping Sholto. Only complete honesty would serve. She took a steadying breath.

“Can you forget that foolish word, Tim Fallon? I didn’t mean it. I said it because I was afraid. I had never met anyone like you before, and I did not understand my own feelings toward you. I”—her eyes fell before the searching look in his—“I was jealous of the Lady Roslyn, and I was afraid and angry at—the way you made me feel.”

She met his eyes fully, squarely, at last. “Please don’t think you must be kind just because I have told you this, or that you must do the polite to Sholto’s old maid sister! I won’t speak of this again, if you will say you have forgiven me those foolish, childish words. I want you to know that I was suffering an—irritation of the nerves when I spoke to you so rudely.” She essayed a smile. “Can you forgive me, and be my friend?” She held out her hand.

Fallon took it, staring into her face.

“Do you know,” he said softly in a voice she had never heard from him before, “you have the most enchanting smile I have ever seen on a human face?” and he bent his dark head and set his lips on her hand.

Because the moment was so charged with emotion, so precious to her, Griselda had the impulse to run away from it, to gloss it over with a social response. But she must not hurt this man again. So she said, gently, “Thank you. From you, that compliment makes me very happy. But Denny tells me you have not eaten for two days. Will you not let him bring you some coffee and a little food?”

“Still managing my household, Mistress Meek?” Fallon’s voice shook just a little as he released her hand and smiled down at her. “I’ll come to the kitchen, where I have no doubt you’ve spread a meal for my staff. Then we shall plan our strategy.”

It was pleasant to sit together around the clean-scrubbed table again and share food and drink. Fallon introduced the servants formally to Miss Griselda Grant, and found they had been aware of the lady’s real identity as soon as he had—such is the excellent intelligence reconnaissance of servants’ halls.

“Do not tell me that you knew the scar was false?” he begged. “I thought I had been the only one to notice that!”

Orrible grinned. “Fust time Mistress Meek put it on crooked, we all knew it was gammon,” he averred. “No tellin’ what the lydies will get it into their heads to put on their faces next!”

Even Griselda had to laugh.

Everyone wanted to talk at once. In his relief, Orrible got a little above himself and had to be given a set-down by Denny, which he took in good part, merely grinning blissfully around the circle of amused faces. When they had eaten, Fallon leaned back in his chair and said, “Now, ma’am, I’m myself again! And since I am sure you have a plan, I am ready to listen and take my part in it.”

“Oho, Guv’ner,” piped up the irrepressible Orrible, “yer tykin’ a charnce, you are!”

Griselda smiled. He said it was enchanting. I must not be self-conscious! “It’s my belief that when they discover that Sholto is gone beyond their reach, those creatures will come after you again, Mr. Fallon. You must not receive them here—”

“Why must I not?” challenged Fallon, smiling lazily. “A gamester must accept challenges to play. It is how he makes his living. Besides, I have personal reasons for wishing to meet those gentry. There is much between us, past and present, which must be settled.”

“Yes, I can understand that. But here, alone with them in this house, you are too vulnerable to their treachery. You must meet them where there are many other men, so they dare not attempt to cheat you or do you harm. Above all, you must not drink with them. I would not put it past them to dope the wine.” Then, recalling an earlier incident, Griselda smiled demurely.

“That’s good advice, sir,” Denny was saying soberly.

Fallon considered the situation. “I suppose I could get Corman and Drowne here again, and a few more—”

“I have a better idea. It must be more public, more important, than a few men gathering in this house.”

Fallon cocked an eyebrow at her. “Do you suggest that I hire a hall?”

Griselda chuckled. “No, I suggest that you use your house in Thornapple Square.”

Fallon shook his head. “Impossible! That is your home, and must be known to be so. I was a fool to ever consider using it. I shall not jeopardize your standing in Society, your reputation—”

“Fiddle-faddle!” retorted Griselda. “In the first place, it is not my house until Sholto buys it back, and at the rate he is going, I’d better plan to spend my old age at the farm. I like it better, anyway! Secondly, my reputation in Society will not suffer, since no one in that exalted circle so much as knows my name. I have few acquaintances and fewer friends—the daughters of some distant cousins with whom we occasionally went to the seaside, Worthing or Bath. My parents did not mingle with Father’s business associates, and he was too busy to make friends outside his work. My mother was semi-invalid. Now, if I have answered your objections, why don’t you make up a guest list for an exclusive dinner party, to be followed by an evening at cards? And to be sure your guests accept, why not add to your invitation the announcement that this will be their last chance to recoup their losses, since you are leaving London for good a few days after the dinner?”

“That’d bring ’em!” said Denny excitedly. “There must be dozens of ’em has lost money to you, sir, an’ would jump at one final chance to win it back.”

Fallon smiled at Griselda. “You are ruthless! You would banish me from London? I’d have to leave, you know, if I sent out such a notice.”

“Are you so eager to keep on with this life?” asked the girl curiously. “Do you—do you not have enough money saved to retire from gaming and take up some other profession?”

“You mean, now, or after I’ve given all the losers in London their chance to get back their money from me? I may well be penniless.”

“But you’d win, of course.” Griselda smiled at him. “Devil’s Luck!”

But for once Fallon did not return her smile. “I’ve a queer feeling my luck with the cards may be out,” he said slowly.

Denny groaned. “I knew it! I felt it in me bones!”

His master continued, half in earnest, “I perceive in myself a sudden lack of interest in gaming.”

Denny’s expression of alarm was repeated on the faces of Orrible and Barty. Griselda tried to rally them from their superstitious depression. “Those two men are evil. They have robbed Sholto and plan to rob you. I would like you to fleece them so thoroughly they’ll have to swim back to Ireland!”

Fallon threw back his head in a shout of laughter.

“Welcome home, Mistress Meek! This is the redoubtable female we all know and love! How have you planned the fleecing? For I am sure you have a plan!”

“First, for all your guests, a memorable dinner. I have noticed that a very heavy meal somewhat dulls the wits of the diners. Then the finest wines in the cellar. There is a brandy my father used to speak of with reverence. We’ll instruct Wiggins to serve a very great deal of it to Maghery and Delevan—”

Her hearers groaned in unison. “Wicked waste!” protested Fallon, but his eyes sparkled with enjoyment.

“—while you, of course, must drink very lightly, if at all!” She pretended to frown at Fallon’s cry of protest, and added sternly, “You must keep a clear head to outwit the Irish contingent!”

“You alarm me,” said Fallon with a grin. “The host must stay sober, madam, while he encourages his guests to lose their wits? Or is it that you do not wish your—champion to lose his?” When the girl refused to rise to that provocation, he added mock-serious, “I see that any husband of yours will be under the cat’s foot!”

Griselda smiled demurely. “I should hope no husband of mine would feel the need of excessive drink.”

Fallon’s eyes were warm and admiring. “No husband of yours would have time,” he teased. “He’d be too busy following your orders. I must say I envy the fellow.”

“You envy Regis?” queried the girl, mischievously.

“That pompous young spindleshanks? I’ve no fear of him as a rival!”

But this was going too fast for Mistress Grant, and she brought him back to the problem at hand. “Make out your guest list. I’ll write the invitations—I am thought to possess a tolerable hand—and Barty and Orrible shall deliver the notes. This is Thursday. Let us arrange the dinner for Saturday night. I warn you I shall expect several noble guests to lend an air of dignity to the proceedings—and appreciate my father’s brandy.”

“Unlikely,” Fallon advised her kindly. “Most of the peers I am acquainted with present a pretty poor figure in their cups. But I know one peer who’ll come: Lord Ronyl Maghery. We could not keep that dastardly rakehell away with a shotgun, as long as he scents a pigeon to pluck.”

The others laughed, but Denny did not join in the fun. The sentimental young Irishman rejoiced in the new happiness which radiated from his master like a glow, but he could not be comfortable with the situation Fallon and Miss Grant were so lightheartedly planning. He had been through the dark times, and he had a superstitious fear of the self-possessed Mr. Delevan and his companion, Lord Ronyl.

“Let it not happen again to himself!” he cried out in the depths of his fearful, loving, Irish heart.





Chapter 19



At first it appeared that Denny’s fears had been baseless. Miss Grant and her staff welcomed Fallon’s party with open arms. Early on Friday morning, the gamester pulled up before the great mansion in Thornapple Square in his curricle, with Barty very formal, arms correctly folded, at his side. A few minutes later the carriage containing Denny, Orrible, and Fallon’s wardrobe unloaded in the stable behind the house. Wiggins was too happy to see reinforcements to be scandalized by the presence of new, if temporary, owners. He had been having trouble with Calver, who had taken to grumbling about the extra work the new arrangement was causing, and objecting to Wiggins’s accompanying him every time he had to enter the locked door of the nursery suite. Wiggins had no joy in dealing with Sholto’s evil temper, which was growing worse as the physical effects of his evening with Lord Ronyl wore off.

Griselda was convinced that Sholto had been given drugged wine, since his incapacitation had been lengthier and more severe than might be accounted for by a simple case of overindulgence. When she tried to explain this to him early Friday morning, however, he rejected the idea with scorn, and accused her of making him a prisoner in his own house. Since this was true, Griselda was in very low spirits. Still, the alternative seemed so much worse that she hardened her heart and turned the key on his whining complaints.

She was still frowning over the problem when Fallon was ushered into the drawing room. He said abruptly, “What has happened to set you into a worry?”

She greeted him with pleasure. “It is Sholto,” she answered his question. “He will not accept my warning about the Magherys and Delevan. He demands to be let out of the nursery.”

“It is a humiliating situation,” said Fallon slowly. “Can you not take him with a party of his friends to your country place, and entertain them there until Sunday night?”

Griselda shook her head. “He would never stay there. He has taken the farm in dislike—says it is beyond everything slow and dull!—and would refuse to stay. The servants would obey him if he demanded a horse or carriage.”

“Against your orders?” Fallon was skeptical.

“But I should not be there to enforce them,” Griselda explained. “I shall be here.”

Fallon’s expression became stern. “Impossible! I must absolutely refuse to permit you to remain in Thornapple Square. Someone might see you, and later, when you are Regis Southerleigh’s wife—or some other fortunate man’s—might remember he had seen you in an unconventional situation. You must see how ineligible it would be for you to be here!”

“But I must!” protested the girl. “I cannot move into a hotel alone—and you must admit I cannot take Sholto to any public place in his present mood! I have no friend into whose home I might invite myself and my brother so abruptly. This is the only place where I can be assured of controlling Sholto until we have routed our enemies. Surely it will not be longer than a day or two?”

Very reluctantly Fallon considered the problem. Every instinct warned him that the situation was fraught with danger. But what other options had they?

“Perhaps if you spoke to him?” suggested Griselda. “He responded to your strength and common sense before.”

Fallon felt he would be at a considerable disadvantage in attempting to coerce a youth in his own house, but the girl looked so unhappy that he agreed to see what he could do. Accordingly, he allowed himself to be escorted up to the nursery suite by Wiggins, with Sholto’s valet trailing along suspiciously behind them. It seemed wiser to permit Calver to go into the suite with them, so that he might see no harm was intended to his master.

The interview was even more awkward than Fallon had feared. Sholto, clad in his ornate dressing gown, was seated at the table, his head in his hands. When the door opened, he looked up eagerly, then his eyes widened as he realized who his visitor was.

“Fallon! How does it happen you are here? Have you come to rescue me?”

Fallon went to stand beside the table. “I am here to turn over to you the ownership of this house if you have the funds to redeem it as we agreed—” he began.

Sholto interrupted angrily, “And so I would have, if that cursed sister of mine had not clapped me up here like some felon! Get me out of here, and I’ll give you twice what we wagered!”

“Will you come with me to the lawyer’s this morning, if I can arrange for your release?” questioned Fallon uncompromisingly.

Sholto hesitated. It was obvious that such an action was not to his liking. “Well, perhaps in a day or two, when I am feeling recovered from whatever foul stuff my sister has been doping me with—” he temporized.

Such an accusation was more than Fallon could endure. “That is a lie, Grant!” he interrupted sharply. “You talk like a foolish, headstrong child. You must realize that the discomfort you have been feeling has been the result of the drinks you were given by Maghery, the night he won from you the money your sister had given you to offer for this house!”

Sholto sputtered with anger. “You’re in it with her, are you? Got your stories to coincide? Both of you are conspiring against me and my friends. Well, you may tell my fine sister that she’ll not keep me here forever—and perhaps I shall have something to tell the Heathrows about her scheme to oust me from my inheritance!”

Calver drew in his breath in a gasp of shock, and eyed Fallon with fearful dislike. Wiggins, shaking his white head with dismay at the turn matters had taken, led the visitors from the nursery and locked the door with trembling hands. Calver scuttled down the stairs ahead of the other two, and Wiggins said mournfully, “We’ll have trouble with that one! He’s as silly as Master Sholto, playacting, and so puffed up with his own consequence he thinks himself a great man!”

“You know how frequently valets identify themselves with their masters, Wiggins,” Fallon reminded him. “Calver sees himself the agent and confidential servant of a young man of great fortune. To such as Calver, a sister, even though she be the principal heir, is of little consequence except as she diminishes his own importance and that of his master. I have no doubt he is as resentful of Miss Grant’s behavior as young Grant is.”

“But it’s for Master Sholto’s own good!” protested Wiggins bitterly. “The trouble he’s caused his sister! If something’s not done to stop the silly noddy, he’ll lose his fortune to the first rascal who comes along!”

Fallon agreed rather ruefully. “Try to convince him of that—or Calver, either,” he said, and went to report failure to Griselda.





The invitations had been sent, and acceptances were already arriving. Preparations for the dinner party were going on apace. Fallon had insisted that Griselda should leave by the back door the instant the first guest arrived at the front, and Wiggins stoutly backed him up. The girl’s boxes were packed and the carriage was ordered to take her down to the farm Saturday night, where she would remain until the following Monday.

“I must return then. I wish you will meet me at the offices of the Heathrows. I do not intend to permit this ridiculous situation to continue. I shall tell the lawyers everything, and request that Sholto’s debts be discharged. I am quite out of charity with him! Perhaps Mr. Heathrow can control him.”

Griselda was not satisfied. “The most hopeful behavior I have observed on Sholto’s part was when you so firmly yet calmly rallied him to accept his responsibilities. I was wishing you might continue to guide him toward a more manly attitude.”

“I fear it is hopeless,” confessed Fallon. “He is as bitter toward me, now, as he is toward you. Perhaps when I am gone, and you can resume your accustomed pattern in this house, he will be more amenable to your good sense and loving guidance.”

With her better knowledge of her brother’s disposition, Griselda could not believe Fallon was correct in his evaluation of the problem facing her. When Fallon further suggested that they release Sholto and invite him to the dinner as a gesture toward establishing goodwill, she rejected the idea out of hand.

“Surely you have not forgot that two guests at that dinner will be the very rogues who fleeced Sholto of five thousand pounds? And can you be sure he will not cause a scandal, making some of his wild accusations against us both in front of all the company?”

Fallon was compelled to admit the wisdom of her remarks. He had insisted, however, with Wiggins’s support, that Griselda’s own cook and housekeeper be sent for, to give her what protection such companionship would guarantee in the minds of the censorious. They were to arrive late Friday evening, help their mistress with her preparations during the day Saturday, and accompany her back to the farm on Saturday evening.

“It is fortunate that a full moon is shining,” said the girl with asperity. She was not at all pleased at the arrangements Fallon was so autocratically making. “So many desperate journeys by night! I declare it is like a romance!”

But Fallon merely grinned at her and advised her not to be waspish.





In the midst of all the bustle, Denny kept alert. His sense of apprehension increased as the time for the dinner came closer. It was he who discovered, early on Saturday afternoon, that Calver was missing, and communicated that fact to Wiggins. After a careful search, they agreed it was best to inform Miss Griselda, and did so. The girl ran up to the nursery floor, opened the locked door, and saw Sholto seated at the table, fully dressed, enjoying a pleasant, small repast which had been brought to him earlier.

“Where is Calver?” demanded Griselda without ceremony.

“Oh, have you lost him?” sneered Sholto. “My clever sister, so busy about my affairs! I make no doubt someone has employed him to run an errand.”

“No one would send your servant about other business than your own,” protested Griselda. Sholto only smiled.

Carefully relocking the door upon her brother’s laughter, Griselda lost no time in seeking out Fallon with the intelligence.

He frowned. “Could someone have sent him out?”

“He wouldn’t have gone,” the girl replied. “He’s been insubordinate since we brought Sholto home from the hotel.”

“Still, let us ask,” said Fallon.

They discovered that the cook, who had grown tired of Calver’s demands for special delicacies for his master, had indeed sent the valet out to procure a confection of which Master Sholto was especially fond, “for as I told him to his face, ma’am, have him pestering me in my kitchen with all that’s to be done today, I will NOT! Lemon curd tart, said I! As if I’d time to fuss with that!”

Griselda was much relieved at this explanation, for everyone in the household knew of Master Sholto’s special fondness for that particular dainty, and thought it very like him to demand it to sweeten his incarceration. Denny, though he said nothing, was not completely reassured, and kept an unobtrusive watch. Sure enough, Calver returned after a time with the pastry carefully wrapped, and accompanied by Wiggins, took it upstairs at once to his master.

Denny waited until the old butler had puffed his way back downstairs and given the nursery key to Miss Griselda. Then the Irish valet went quietly up the stairs to the nursery landing. The door to the room where Sholto was confined was closed. Denny put his ear to the panel. A murmur of voices came to him, followed by a sudden crow of laughter from Sholto. The youth said in a louder tone, easily distinguishable through the panel, “I knew they’d agree to help me! They are great guns, not like this upstart Irish gamester! You see, Calver, my friends are eager to come to my rescue!”

The valet’s voice came more softly, so Denny, straining to hear, could not make out a word be said. Then Sholto again, louder, “Oh, bother, Calver, who’s to hear? They’re all busy with their plans for this stupid dinner—in MY house, without MY leave! Tell me again what part I am to play, and what my friends are going to do! What a surprise for our upstart Irish gamester and my dear sister!”

Denny, leaning his ear against the door, was just beginning to think that the laughter was going on for a very long time, when the door flew open. He staggered into the room, off-balance. Something hit him over the head and he lost consciousness.





Chapter 20



Late that afternoon Fallon went up to the luxuriously comfortable room which had been assigned to him and prepared to dress for dinner. Unaccountably, Denny was not waiting to assist him. Fallon glanced around the room and into the powder closet. Then he walked over and pulled at the bell rope. In a minute Wiggins came to the door.

“Have you seen Denny, Wiggins?”

“No, sir. I’ve been so busy with the arrangements for dinner, the wines—”

“Can you send Orrible up to me?”

“Of course, sir. At once.” The old man hastened back down the hallway.

Very shortly Orrible was facing his master. “Ole Wigs tole me what was eatin’ yer, Guv’ner, an’ I took a look round afore I come up ’ere. Denny’s ’opped it. ’E ain’t nowhere in the ’ouse.”

“No one could have got him away from me at this time,” said Fallon. “Keep looking. If you see him, send him to me.”

Fallon went down to the drawing room and found Griselda there, superintending the placement of great bowls of fragrant flowers. “Have you seen Denny?” he asked abruptly.

Griselda handed him the heavy key from her pocket. She stared after him as he took the stairs two at a time. She smiled. She had never seen anyone leap up the grand staircase in all the years she’d lived in the house.

Fallon opened the nursery door and found Calver in attendance upon his master. Sholto was clad in an extreme fashion which did not accord well with his adolescent figure. The extravagant waist and padded shoulders, the enormous silver buttons, the tightness of the breeches, above all, the bright, discordant mix of colors made the boy resemble a scrawny peacock. Fallon said courteously, “You’re monstrous fine this evening, Grant! A la modality!”

The boy peered at him suspiciously, then smiled as he detected no hint of mockery in the man’s face. “Thank you,” he said, and then recollecting his grievances, continued, “If I’m to be stuck in this hole, I can at least dress with some style.”

“That’s my problem,” confided Fallon humorously. “I can’t dress at all—my man Denny seems to have disappeared. Can either of you shed any light on the mystery?”

Sholto hurried to deny any knowledge of Denny’s whereabouts. Fallon, flashing a glance at Calver, thought he caught just a hint of malice in the valet’s smirking denial. Sholto hastened to offer Calver’s services.

“Get down at once to Fallon’s room, Calver! I’ll be bound you can turn him out as fine as fivepence!”

Calver slipped quietly away.

Fallon stared at Sholto. “That’s very kind.” The situation had awkward overtones. For one thing, he was sure Sholto had Denny locked up somewhere, but whether it was a boy’s prank or something more deadly was impossible to discover. Conveniently forgetting the facts, Sholto had convinced himself that this was his home and that his sister and Fallon were keeping him a prisoner in it for their own nefarious ends. No doubt he would see any treachery on his own part as perfectly justified in his position. Still, Fallon reflected, I am a man and he is a boy. It behooves me to try to set the matter straight.

“I must advise you, Grant, that I am preparing to return your properties to you tomorrow. I’m sure your lawyers can make an equitable arrangement.”

Sholto merely looked at him with a glittering stare Fallon found disturbing.

“I regret that we could not reach a better understanding—” Fallon went on, when Sholto broke in with an artificial laugh, “Oh, I don’t blame you for making me a prisoner in my own home. I know who I have to thank for that!”

Fallon’s patience was wearing thin. Couldn’t the silly gudgeon see that he’d had generous treatment? No adult who had gamed and lost his possessions expected the new owner to return them, or to care what hardships faced the loser. Any man who gambled was expected to pay without whining. Still, Fallon’s own sense of compassion restrained the blighting answers he could have made: the boy was in above his depth, with no older man in his family to guide and instruct him, or even serve as a model. It must be galling to be locked in a nursery like a naughty child. Griselda was correct in assuming that her brother needed to be protected from unscrupulous persons, but her methods were not such as would endear themselves to a green youth, half flash and half foolish. Fallon made one more effort to reach Sholto.

“Your sister is trying to keep you from making a mistake which could ruin you, Grant. Surely you know that it is not accepted practice among gentlemen to hazard something they do not own.”

The pale face turned away from him. Then after a moment Sholto said, “Oh, well, I’m going to buy it back, so I’m all secure there.”

“Not everyone you wager with will be so forbearing,” Fallon reminded him. “Lord Ronyl, for instance, will hardly feel it incumbent upon him to return your five thousand pounds, nor any other sums you may chance to lose to him.”

Sholto shot him a glance. His hands clasped and picked at each other on the table. “Surely it would depend—” he began, then hesitated. He was trying to get up courage to say something, but Fallon’s stern expression seemed to prevent him.

There was no time to argue or reason with the boy. There was one last gesture he could make, in spite of what Griselda had advised. Surely Maghery and Delevan would not dare to cheat the halfling with the roomful of members of the ton! “Grant, would you care to join me and my guests at dinner? There will be cards after, which might amuse you.”

“A guest at my own table? I think not, gamester!”

At the expression of pure hatred visible on the boy’s face, Fallon gave up. He locked the door after him and went down to dress, feeling apprehensive. What had Sholto started to say? “It would depend—” On what? What could nullify a wager? Nothing—if it had been fairly won! Was the fool boy comforting his wounded pride by pretending he’d been cheated by Fallon? The Irish gamester hadn’t been born yesterday, and he knew charges of foul play were a standard defense of poor losers. He shrugged as he entered his room, but the unpleasantness of the interview with Sholto lingered like a bad taste in his mouth.

Calver had laid out the black velvet coat.

“I understand you have a red satin coat which is famous as your good-luck charm, sir,” he smirked, “but I don’t see it here.”

“I shall wear that black velvet, a white linen shirt and white satin breeches,” said Fallon briefly.

In silence the valet brought out the rest of the clothing and fussily assisted Fallon into it. The gamester felt a reluctance to accept his help . . . a sense of discomfort. He glanced at Calver. There was a small, secret smile, little more than a pursing of the lips, on Calver’s face. There was no doubt in Fallon’s mind that master and servant had some scheme afoot. Whatever it was, it had begun while Calver was missing during the afternoon. Had, Calver done something else besides purchasing pastry for Sholto? Probably. But what?

Had the valet purchased a master key to let Sholto out of the nursery? But Fallon had already offered to have Sholto freed and had been refused. Perhaps the boy wanted to prove he could win his own freedom? That could be the answer, Fallon supposed—but it did not satisfy him. Finally he dismissed Calver with a word of thanks. When the fellow had gone, Fallon went out himself in search of Orrible.

He found the boy at the front door with Barty.

“I’m directin’ carriages, Guv’ner!” he said proudly. “When they start comin’, that is.”

“I need you for an urgent errand,” Fallon told him, low-voiced, and led him into the empty drawing room with a great air of secrecy. There he wasted no time. “When did you last see Denny?”

“’E was ’angin’ round the kitchen ’safternoon, Guv’ner.”

“Did he say anything to you about leaving?”

“’E looked glum—real Friday-faced. ’E was watchin’ Calver an’ mutterin’.”

Fallon considered this. “I’ll tell you what I wish you to do,” he said.

At that moment, in her bedroom, Griselda was putting on her traveling cape and adjusting a very fetching bonnet. Her boxes had already been taken out and stowed in the carriage, where Tom Coachman waited her summons. She frowned at her flowerlike face in the mirror.

“This is ridiculous,” she grumbled. “Who would see me if I stayed here in my room, resting, and finally going to sleep in my own comfortable bed? Instead I am to be jolted over wretched roads at night, arriving at the farm at some ungodly hour, disturbing all the servants there!”

“Oh, Miss Grant! It is exciting, ain’t it?” sighed Mary, who was to accompany her mistress.

“Where is Fallon?” Griselda fretted. “Has he not the courtesy to bid me good-by? I shall go down!”

“Oh, Miss, should you? You might be seen!” breathed Mary, quite caught up in the spirit of intrigue.

“Fiddle-faddle!” Griselda went to the door, then hesitated. “Well, I’ll wait a little longer and then I shall go down and find him.” She did not bother to understand why it was so necessary that she see Mr. Timothy Fallon before she left for the farm.





And at this moment, Fallon was speaking to Orrible in the brilliantly lit drawing room. “You boasted once, when first we met on the docks at Liverpool, that you could get into, or out of, any room ever built. Was that true?”

“Yes, Guv’ner, as ’Eaven’s me witness.”

“Good. I wish you to search this house from attics to cellars. I believe Denny has been hidden away by Calver, and I wish him found and set free. When you find him, get him to my room and hide him there. One thing: don’t let Calver catch you at it.”

Orrible was not a child of the slums for nothing. As he himself would be the first to admit, he was as shrewd as he could stare. He proved it now.

“What if Denny’s in Master Sholto’s room, Guv’ner? I mean the nursery.”

“He’s not in the central room; I was just there. Is there another way into the bedrooms than through that room?”

“I’ll look.”

“If you can’t find him, wait till Sholto comes out of the nursery and slip in then.”

“’E’s comin’ out, is ’e?”

Fallon smiled grimly. “He’s dressed for it. And he’s wound as tight as a spring. I’d say he can hardly wait, but he’s planning to make some kind of an entrance when all the guests are here. Yes, I’d say Master Sholto has planned a surprise. I don’t know whether it is for his sister or for me.”

“’E’s a twiddlepoop,” said Orrible. “You can ’andle ’im, Guv’ner.”

Fallon grinned. “I hope you’re right. He’s got confederates, I’m convinced. Be off with you, then. I’ll speak to Wiggins on my way out, and tell him you’re detached to my service.”

“Wigs is a good ole gager,” said Orrible, and slipped away on his errand.

Wiggins beamed as Fallon approached the door. True, the butler admitted, the Irishman was a gamester, but he came of gentlefolk, it was clear, and was well-bred. And he was, if Wiggins was any judge, a true man. Miss Zelda needed someone like this big, fine-looking fellow. “You’re looking very well, sir,” he ventured.

“Thank you! Barty, call Tom Coachman.”

“He’s out front now, sir, waiting for Miss Grant.”

“Good! Wiggins, if I am not back before the first guests arrive, please show them into the drawing room and offer them sherry.”

“You—you’re not leaving, sir?” Wiggins was appalled.

“I’ll be back as soon as I can. Urgent business.” Fallon strode swiftly out into the dusk of Thornapple Square, leaving Wiggins to stare after him, mouth drooping. The disastrous situation was not improved by the sight of Mr. Fallon beginning to remove his black velvet coat as the carriage pulled away. Was he going to don some sort of disguise? And if so, why?





When Miss Griselda, very much on her high ropes, came into the hall a few minutes later to give Mr. Fallon a sharp set-down before she left for the farm, she had difficulty in understanding Wiggins’s halting explanation.

“You mean to tell me he has left the house on some mysterious business of his own, with guests due to arrive within the hour? How can this be? And take my carriage to do it? Preposterous!”

“But he assured me he would return as soon as he could, Miss Zelda!” protested the butler.

“Did he, indeed?” said the irate girl. “Monstrous obliging of him?”

“The guests will be arriving shortly, Miss Zelda, and they must not find you here,” fussed Wiggins. “You must leave now. I shall instruct the grooms to prepare your mother’s old traveling coach—”

“Pray do not bother to do so!” Griselda had the light of battle in her eye. “I shall leave in my own carriage or not at all! I am now going to return to my room. Pray see that I am informed when—and if!—Mr. Fallon deigns to return!”

The dignity of her withdrawal was somewhat marred by a sudden knocking at the front door.

“If that is Fallon, I shall have something to say to him!”

“It cannot be, Miss Zelda. He has just left. It must be an early guest!” Wiggins made restraining gestures with his hand. “Miss Zelda—please!”

The knocker thundered.

“Miss Griselda!” pleaded Wiggins, in an agony. “No one must see you!”

Rebelliously the girl turned and walked to the stairway. The butler advanced toward the door, whose knocker was still being plied most heartily. Wiggins, affronted at such ill-mannered importunity, flung the portal wide.

Mr. Regis Southerleigh stood on the porch, his protuberant eyes glaring with disapproval and suspicion.

“What is this? A party in Miss Grant’s absence? Or am I to suppose that she has returned? I was assured I should be informed the instant that occurred!”

“Miss Grant is not in residence,” said Wiggins frostily. “If you will forgive me, sir—” and the butler made to shut the door.

Regis pushed past him, looking like nothing so much as a bantam rooster, decided Griselda, viewing his forcible entry from the vantage point of the first landing. Her angry suitor did not at first perceive her, having his attention fixed upon the affronted butler.

“You shall not shut the door upon me, sirrah!” cried Regis shrilly. “If Miss Grant is in truth absent, what is going on here?” He peered around frowning. “It is as Lady Southerleigh warned me! The servants in this house are lax and impertinent! No doubt you entertain yourselves while your mistress is away! I demand to know what is the occasion for this unforgivable license!”

Griselda could endure no more. Her sensibilities had been exacerbated by Fallon’s outrageous behavior, and now this fatuous lordling had the impudence to force himself into her house. She swept down the stairs.

“Where is your dear mamma, Regis? Has she sent you back a second time to spy on my home and my servants? I am surprised she has not accompanied you this time.”

“Griselda!” gasped Regis, forgetting formality in his surprise. “What are you doing here? When did you return from Paris?”

“I have never been in Paris,” snapped Griselda. With her color heightened and her fine eyes sparkling, she made a beautiful sight, but Regis was in no mood to admire his childhood playmate.

“Never been—? Then why did you lie to my dear mamm—”

“If you mention your dear mamma to me once more, Regis Southerleigh, I shall scream! Prying and poking in my house, quizzing and bullocking my servants—”

“Griselda!” warned Regis in a voice of doom, “I cannot permit—”

“You wanted to know what was happening here tonight? I’ll tell you! I’ve decided to turn the place into a gaming hell, and I’m having the opening tonight. It will be very exclusive—by invitation only—but if Lord Southerleigh wishes to come, he may. There are no ladies invited, so your dear mamma must contain her curiosity this time!”

“I withdraw my offer for your hand!” pronounced Regis with awful calm. Then he spoiled it by adding, “A gaming hell? Either you have run mad or you are shameless indeed! I thank God my eyes were opened in time!”

“Yes, it was fortunate you came snooping again tonight, wasn’t it?” agreed Griselda, her spirits much refreshed by this brisk passage-at-arms with her old playmate. “Pray close the door after Mr. Southerleigh, Wiggins.”

When he had done so, the old man told his mistress sternly, “That was very rude, Miss Zelda! I’m sure I don’t know what your father would have said to such behavior.”

“Do you not?”smiled the girl naughtily.

“Hoydenish!” said Wiggins.

“Yes, wasn’t it?” Griselda agreed. “I found it most satisfying, and what is more, I have a suspicion my father would have enjoyed it, too.”

And she went triumphantly up the stairs. Behind her retreating back, Wiggins smiled broadly.





Chapter 21



Fortunately for Wiggins’s sanity, Mr. Fallon, properly clothed in his elegant black velvet coat, returned to the house in Thornapple Square at five minutes before the hour. He had no more than entered the great oak door when the wheels of another carriage sounded on the gravel of the drive. Wiggins held the front door wide, and moved his head to indicate the drawing room. Grinning, Fallon obeyed the gesture and strolled into the brilliantly lit room to await his guests.

He was finding himself keenly enjoying the adventure, especially after the excitements of the past hour. It was pleasant to stand in this luxuriously appointed room and welcome his guests. He had a moment of regret that this was not, in fact, his own home—but it might well have been! Had he been a different man, the Grants would be long gone from this house. He had never heard of an occasion when a man, winning such a bet, had not taken ownership at once. Deep play, as it was called, was one of the major pleasures of the English. Had not Walpole written in his Letters of Miss Fanny Braddock, the sister of General Braddock, who had “gamed away her little fortune” and hanged herself thereafter? “Poor Fanny,” her brother had said, “I always knew she would play until she was forced to tuck herself up.” And had not Sir John Bland lost the whole of his vast estates, which included the entire city of Manchester and environs, at the gaming tables, and shot himself as a result, in 1755? Any other gamester in London would consider himself the rightful owner of the Grant house—and would be so considered!

Fallon found this unthinkable. He had been, he reflected wryly, too long the son of the Reverend Fallon. He would return the properties to the boy and his sister on the morrow. But he would not remain in Bishop Street either. That place would be too full of reminders of a blue-eyed woman—a managing female who had first infuriated him and then won his admiration. And his heart? Yes. But of course he could not tell her that! For a while . . . but that had been a foolish dream. When he had seen what manner of home she lived in, had learned that his adorable, managing Mistress Meek was a very great heiress, he had realized how very ineligible was the Irish cleric’s son turned gamester. Griselda must marry someone who could protect her, give her a secure and honorable position in Society; above all, someone strong and well-established, who could keep her brother from disgracing himself and their name. Fallon tried to visualize a suitable man. Regis Southerleigh? Impossible! Lady Southerleigh would be enough in herself to cut up Griselda’s peace and ruin the match . . .

He was recalled to his duties by the sound of men’s voices in the hall, and collected his wits. Wiggins announced the first guests with a flourish.

“His Grace the Duke of Clonmel; Lord Ronyl Maghery! Mr. Terence Delevan!”

Fallon had often seen the duke, a redheaded Irishman, in his father’s church in the old days. He went to greet them, hand outstretched. “Your Grace! What a pleasure! I trust your mother is well?”

Young Clonmel grasped his hand warmly. “I had a note from her just last week. She’s very well, thank you, and desired me to convey her congratulations on your success in London.” The dowager had gleefully recounted the details of her meeting with Lady Roslyn Maghery, and ended her letter with strict injunction to her son to call upon Fallon and see how he went on. When, therefore, he received the invitation for this evening, Clonmel was very happy to accept—for old time’s sake.

“Let me get you some sherry,” offered Fallon. Beckoning to a footman, he saw his noble guest seated and turned to welcome the next arrivals. He had only time to greet Maghery and Delevan before another group was ushered in. He excused himself to greet the new guests.

“Pretty good for the parson’s boy!” sneered Lord Ronyl, staring around the elegant room with envy. The duke grinned at his obvious discomfiture.

“Our Timothy has done well for himself among the English, hasn’t he?”

“He won this place from a green boy who was no match for a seasoned gamester,” said Delevan smoothly. “I wonder a little at our Timothy—with his upbringing.”

The Duke shrugged and turned to address some of the other guests.

Lord Ronyl was staring up at the portrait of Griselda above the fireplace. He caught Delevan’s arm. “D’ye suppose that’s the sister? I’d marry her like a shot, cit or no! I’d no idea, from the way Sholto spoke, she was such a toothsome bit!”

“Control yourself!” hissed Delevan in his ear. “You’re not in an alehouse! You’ll be overheard!”

“Who’s to care? Have you turned Puritan?” Ronyl grunted, but he turned away from the portrait and accepted a glass of the excellent sherry a footman was offering him.

The great room filled rapidly. As Fallon moved among his guests, he became aware that Maghery and Delevan were also making a circuit, dropping low-voiced remarks which caused their hearers to look at Fallon with surprise and occasional disapproval.

So that’s their game, he thought. They are painting me as a despoiler of innocent youth. Well, whatever it is they plan, they’ll have to do it tonight. Griselda’s scheme has forced their hand. I hope I can deal with whatever little surprises they have arranged for me, he thought. No one knew better than Timothy Fallon how easily the tide of public opinion could be turned, and how savagely it could overwhelm an erstwhile favorite. A gamester was always fair game—there were so many who had lost to him!

The dinner was lavish and delicious. Fallon had the duke on his right, Lord Corman on his left. Maghery and Delevan were sitting apart, farther down the great table. Fallon observed with amusement how assiduously Wiggins and the two hired footmen kept the guests’ glasses filled with choice wines from Simon Grant’s apparently inexhaustible cellar, and how seldom his own glass was refilled. Clonmel noticed it also, and raised his own glass in an ironic salute.

“I can’t fault you for wishing to keep a clear head, Fallon,” he said quietly, “but must your servants ply the rest of us so tirelessly? You’ll have us all befuddled before the gaming begins!”

“A man should know his own capacity,” objected Corman, who had overheard the remark.

Sir Henry Drowne chimed in from Clonmel’s right, “M’father was a notable drinker. Boasted he could drink any man whoever set lip to glass under the table. I pride m’self on the fact that I can more than equal his record and still get m’self home to the right house.”

That got a general laugh, which was repeated when Corman said plaintively, “But you usually end up at my house, old fellow!”

When Fallon finally led the way to the drawing room, tables had been set up with cards, dice, and all the appurtenances of play. Groups formed, challenges were given and accepted in an atmosphere of great good humor. Wiggins and his aides moved unobtrusively around the room serving brandy as the gentlemen took their places. As the evening progressed, it was generally agreed that Devil Fallon’s farewell party was a success. The company knew itself to be select; the play was high and fast; and even the losers reflected the general spirit of gaiety. Fallon made an excellent host, circulating through the room to make sure all his guests were enjoying themselves. This exercise of his hostly duties made it difficult for those who wished to try their luck against him to be satisfied. Finally, Lord Ronyl was heard to comment loudly that Fallon seemed to be running shy.

A little pool of silence surrounded him and slowly began to spread. The Irish peer stood beside a table where he had been discontentedly tossing dice with Delevan. They had kept together during the evening, avoiding the tables where play was keen and high lest they lose their money before they had a chance to challenge Fallon. Now Maghery, his coarse features reddened by the drinking he had done, issued his challenge.

“If this is our last chance to recoup our losses, Fallon,” he said loudly, “then come and play! Damme, ye’ve been flutterin’ about like a blasted butterfly all evenin’.”

There was some laughter. Fallon advanced, smiling.

“If all the losers are to have their fair chance at me, Maghery, I’m afraid the line will have to form out in the hall!”

This was greeted with general amusement. Clonmel came up quietly and stood at Fallon’s shoulder. Maghery indicated a table set for six near the center of the room, directly beneath a great chandelier. “The line will begin here, me boyo, and I’m at the head of it!”

There was some murmur of comment at Maghery’s obvious belligerence, and some players even laid down their hands and came closer to observe the fun.

Fallon shrugged, smiling. “If you wish, milord,” he said disinterestedly. “What will you play?”

“Macao—and cut for banker.”

Clonmel and Delevan took seats at the table. Sir Henry Drowne and a consequential gray-haired gentleman joined them. Fallon, waiting for them to seat themselves, beckoned to a passing footman for fresh cards and brandy. The duke and the gray-haired gentleman refused; the other three permitted the servant to supply them with glasses. Clonmel won the bank.

Play was fairly even as the antagonists tested their luck. Then the bank began to win, and after about ten minutes Clonmel offered it for sale.

Maghery objected. “Let it be by lot!” he protested loudly. “There’s some of us can’t ever hope to bid high enough to get it!”

Clonmel raised his brows, and the gray-haired gentleman, whose name was Malriss, glared at the Irish milord. They drew cards, however, and Fallon won the bank.

Oddly enough, this did not seem to disconcert Lord Ronyl. He began to bet higher and accept his occasional losses with equanimity. This uncharacteristic behavior struck a warning signal in Fallon’s mind, and he watched the play even more carefully than he had been doing. The bank began to win steadily again, and Devil Fallon’s phenomenal good luck rose to new heights. Gradually the players at other tables left their games and came to watch the excitement at Fallon’s table.

Fallon was playing coolly, a small smile just touching the corners of his lips. Maghery punted more and more recklessly. It seemed to Fallon that he was determined to lose, so poorly did he gauge his play. Delevan played a more cautious game, as did Clonmel and Malriss, but Drowne plunged almost as deeply as Maghery. Then Terence Delevan began to lose heavily. His goodhumored bewilderment and chagrin set the company off into gales of laughter which served to relax the tensions Maghery’s conduct had been generating.

“The object of the game is to make nine,” Sir Henry advised him owlishly.

“How is it, then,” Delevan queried, frowning, “that it is always eight or ten with me?”

There was renewed laughter and much advice, a good deal of it ribald. Delevan joined the laughter sheepishly.

The pile of notes in front of Fallon was increasing. He played imperturbably; the only sign of tension was in the increasing pallor of his face. Disaster struck abruptly, and from an unexpected source. Delevan pushed back his chair and rose from the table.

“You may think me a poor loser,” he said quietly, “but I refuse to play longer with—a cheat!” and he flung his cards directly into Devil Fallon’s face.

Those around the table were shocked into silence. Gradually, like a widening ripple in a pool, the silence spread out to ever corner of the room, with only the sibilant whisper of “cheat . . . cheat” hissed low-voiced, as each man told his neighbor of the monstrous accusation, and startled faces turned toward the tableau under the great chandelier.

Devil Fallon lounged at his ease in his chair. The light of a hundred candles beat down upon his sleek, dark hair. His face was the same enigmatic mask he always presented while gaming. He still held his own cards in strong white fingers, but some of the cards Mr. Delevan had flung into his face clung to the black velvet coat into which Calver had so carefully eased him before dinner.

“Fallon cheated, ye say?” Lord Ronyl picked up the accusation loud-voiced. “That’s a serious charge—”

“And a ridiculous one,” snapped Sir Henry.

“You will have to explain your statement, Mr. Delevan,” said Clonmel, who, as the senior in rank of those present, as well as a countryman of the accused, felt it his duty to assume control of the scene.

“It’s for this gamester to explain himself and his trickery. I’ve suspected him for quite a while—lost a fortune to him, in fact. But tonight I caught him at it. I suggest that he be searched.”

“Mr. Delevan!” protested the duke. “We are both guests here! I suggest you have imbibed too freely of our host’s excellent brandy—”

“Mr. Fallon is not our host!” snapped Delevan. “He won this house from a boy young enough to be his son—a boy whom he has since kept locked up in the attics to prevent him from seeking justice and redress!”

There was a stir of shock, horror and avid interest; many of the guests drew back from the circle, looking very sober indeed.

Fallon rose from his chair and said coolly, “Why, here’s a wealth of rhetoric! Cardsharp, cheat, abductor! Shall we address ourselves to Mr. Delevan’s charges singulatim et seriatim? Firstly, then, I demand that I be searched, here and now! Your Grace, will you appoint a committee to do it? But I beg of you, handle this coat gently! I shall not dare to face my valet if there’s so much as a crease in it!”

There was a murmur of relieved laughter. Clonmel regarded his host with respect. Fallon was certainly displaying presence under accusations so terrible. Delevan sensed the duke’s admiration of his opponent and ground his teeth. “I suggest that this coat be carefully searched—pockets and sleeve linings—” he began harshly.

“Mr. Delevan would seem to be plaguey familiar with the possible hiding places of marked cards.” Fallon didn’t once look at Delevan, but addressed his speech to the duke. “Do you think we should examine his own coat, after Mr. Malriss has given me a clean bill?”

At the word, he slid neatly out of his coat and handed it to the gray-haired gentlemen. “Mind you look under the buttons, and pierce the collar and lining with a long needle!” he advised. There was a titter of nervous laughter from the onlookers.

Mr. Malriss, who disapproved of levity in such a serious affair, made a very solemn business of searching the coat. Fallon watched him judicially. The rest of the gentlemen watched Fallon. He was well worth looking at, Clonmel thought, as he stood there perfectly self-possessed, his powerful shoulders broad under the fine linen of his shirt, his body tapering to narrow hips and strong, well-turned legs in the court breeches and fine silk hose. Maghery’s eyes were burning as they rested on the tall figure, the duke noted.

Mr. Malriss looked up with a smile of relief. “Your Grace, there’s nothing here—” he began.

Delevan started forward, his face working with anger and chagrin. “Let me look!” he demanded harshly.

“Wait!” Malriss’s smile faded suddenly as he turned back the flap of one pocket to reveal a card neatly fitted into a slit in the lining.

The guests crowded closer to stare and murmur. Wiggins, wide-eyed with horror in the doorway, disappeared into the hall. Fallon appeared faintly surprised. “May I see that?” he requested politely.

Delevan pushed past him, snatched the card from Malriss’s hand and thrust it into Clonmel’s. “The nine of spades! I believe Your Grace will find markings on it—” he said triumphantly, then stopped speaking as Clonmel began to laugh.

“Markings indeed! Damme, Fallon, you must be the Devil himself!” Clonmel raised his voice slightly, so all in the room might hear. “Your attention, gentlemen! On the card found inside Mr. Fallon’s coat—which Mr. Delevan with rather remarkable prescience has just informed us is the nine of spades—is pasted a portion of a note dunning Mr. Delevan for a tailor’s bill a year old!”

And now the laughter rang out as the gentlemen relaxed from the tense excitement of the last few minutes. The duke called for silence. “I think Mr. Delevan has an apology to make before he leaves,” he suggested sternly.

Delevan glared black hate at Fallon, who was now being assisted into his coat by a dozen eager hands.

“I was mistaken,” he ground out.

“Rather more than that, I should say. It seems that there has been an ugly plot here, neatly circumvented by our Devil. What say you, Fallon?”

Fallon was prevented from saying anything by the dramatic entrance of Sholto Grant. He ran into the drawing room in all his unsuitable finery, and made his own hasty interpretation of the scene before him.

“I am glad this cheat has been unmasked, gentlemen,” he cried out in a boy’s shrill tones. “He has had me locked up in my own attics for days—”

“Yet you are apparently not locked up now,” commented Clonmel. He found that he was enjoying this card party of Fallon’s more than any one he had ever attended. “Tell us—how did you escape?”

Sholto was disconcerted by this interruption, and by the unexpected reaction from the assembled men.

“Who is this young Jackanapes?” asked Mr. Malriss irritably.

“I’m Sholto Grant, sir, and this is my house—” he paused, struck by the look of warning on Fallon’s face. As though he, Sholto Grant, were entering a trap, rather than the gamester. As he hesitated, Delevan and Maghery strode past him into the hall without a word.

“Maghery! Delevan! Where are you going? Now the cheat is exposed, you’re my guests!”

Delevan ignored him, but Lord Ronyl, raging at the failure of his plans, was glad of a scapegoat. “Get out of me way, ye dammed little ijjit! Yer blunder with the card has spoilt all!”

“But Calver put it in his coat just as you instructed—I swear he did!” protested Sholto, further damning the conspirators.

“Be quiet, boy! You expose yourself before these gentlemen!” Fallon snapped, coming to stand beside him.

Sholto turned on him with a face of sullen anger. “I’ve no mind to be schooled by a damned cheating gamester,” he snarled. “I’ll join my friends.” As he strode out of the room, the fascinated guests heard a scuffling in the hallway, and to their further amusement, Calver and Denny came lurching into the room, close grappled. As the struggling bodies sorted themselves out, it was seen that Denny was trying to enter, while Calver was trying to prevent him from doing so.

Denny cried out, “Gentlemen, it was all a trick! A plot against Mr. Fallon! This spalpeen hid a card in my master’s coat. You must not believe himself’s a cheat! You are being deceived!”

Clonmel, a grin spreading across his face, said provocatively, “No, my man, we are quite satisfied as to the culprit. There has been no deceit.”

Denny wrung his hands, while Calver, straightening his garments, looked smug.

Then the duke added, chuckling, “Lord, what’s this? Another one?”

For Griselda Grant, summoned by the horrified Wiggins, had come into the room, and, pale but determined, was advancing toward Fallon.

“Gentlemen,” she said, clear-voiced, “a dastardly injustice has been perpetrated upon an innocent man!”

“Indeed? I think not,” Clonmel said, surveying her with appreciation. “Do tell us more!”

“Clonmel, for pity’s sake!” protested Fallon. “This becomes absurd!” And in truth some of the gentlemen were quite overcome with mirth, and everyone was smiling.

“It is true, sir,” Griselda persisted. “This man is not a cheat, although the machinations of a scoundrel have made him seem to be one!”

“Pure farce!” sighed Clonmel blissfully.

Griselda looked bewildered. She had on a plain, dark traveling dress, no jewels, and, crowning dishevelment, her hair had escaped its pins and was curling about her shoulders in a mass of golden curls. She was adorable pretty. Tim Fallon went to her side and took her hand in his.

“Griselda, this is not necessary,” he said gently.

“Not necessary?” Griselda silenced him with a look. “When your honor is at stake? Gentlemen, Mr. Fallon has been the victim of scheming rogues. I can discover the whole plot to your satisfaction. I have witnesses to substantiate my words.”

“By all means, let us hear the witnesses,” agreed the duke enthusiastically. “But first, may we not know the identity of Mr. Fallon’s rescuer?”

“I think Your Grace and gentlemen can dispense with the witnesses,” Fallon silenced the chorus of masculine encouragement. “This lady is Miss Grant. She is here to drive her brother home.”

Griselda turned to him with a gesture of appeal which he answered gently, “You’ve sufficiently vouched for me, ma’am. I’ll warrant these gentlemen will accept your word as ample guarantee of my character.”

Griselda stared around the circle of interested, smiling faces. Her lovely, answering smile lighted her own face. She took a step nearer Fallon and raised her eyes to his.

“Of course! They know you for what you are! How—how foolish of me to have thought you might need my protestations!”

Fallon answered with unusual humility. “Mistress Grant, any man would be a fool not to value your faith and loyalty . . .”

“And he might have been very glad of both, as well as of your witnesses, ma’am, had he not been more adroit than his adversaries,” the young duke added. “I insist you enlighten us, Tim! Tell us how you managed it! I swear it was the neatest turning of the tables I’ve ever seen!”

The other guests drew closer, agog to hear the explanation of the mystery.

Fallon shrugged. “I had been warned by Sholto Grant that something of the sort was being planned. He was entering into it with a love of playacting which many of us can recall from our own younger days.” Fallon smiled around at the assembled men. There were raised eyebrows—some of the guests had heard Sholto’s self-betrayal— but the concensus seemed to be a willingness to permit Fallon to keep the boy out of trouble for his sister’s sake.

“Well, an hour before you were to arrive, I went to the hotel of the two gentlemen who have just left us. I told the servant at the desk that Mr. Fallon had sent a carriage to bring them to his house. I had already instructed my coachman to drive them the long way around—a very long way!—thus giving me time to put my plan into effect. I chose a vantage point out of their sight, and when I saw our two fine rogues go out to my carriage, I slipped upstairs to their rooms and . . . collected a souvenir!”

“The dun!” chuckled Clonmel. “Now why would any man have kept such a thing by him?”

“I believe it must have been delivered just today. I found it crumpled in the wastebasket. Since he had thrown it away,” continued Fallon with an innocent air which quite convulsed his audience, “I felt sure the gentleman would not mind my taking it. I believed it would serve my purpose,” he concluded modestly.

“How did you suspect there was to be a marked card?” inquired Malriss, who had a need to know every detail.

“I had been warned by Sholto Grant, so I took off my coat on the way to the hotel, and searched it till I discovered the marked card. Then, when I had the paper I wanted, I affixed it to the card and took a hired cab back here. Thanks to Tom Coachman’s delay, I arrived just ahead of my guests.”

The duke shook his head. “You’re incredible, Tim! I vow I have not enjoyed myself as much in a year. This evening has been better than a play at the theater!”

“ ‘All’s Well that Ends Well’?” grinned Fallon. “I wish you will partake of some refreshment, then you may care to go on with the cards.”

“No, no, my boy! Anything after this would be anticlimax,” said Malriss genially. “We’ll say good night, and offer our thanks for a most—ah—unusual entertainment!”

The other guests, laughing, agreed. Fallon accompanied them to the hall and saw them on their way, assisted by Wiggins and the hired footmen. Griselda had disappeared.

When all the guests had departed, Fallon turned to Wiggins. “Where is Miss Grant?”

“I believe she retired to the Ladies’ Parlor, sir, while you were explaining about the marked card.”

“Bring Denny and Calver to us there. We have matters to clear up.”

Fallon made his way through the drawing room. It was empty now, but still ablaze with the light of hundreds of candles, since the card party, while charged with drama, had been of relatively short duration. It reminded Fallon of an empty stage, curiously forlorn in spite of its luxury and beauty.

He found Griselda in front of a cozy fire in the Ladies’ Parlor. Fallon’s expression softened as he observed the look of strain and unhappiness on the girl’s lovely face.

“May I get you a glass of sherry?” the man offered gently. “This has been a trying experience for you.”

Griselda shook her head. Without taking her eyes from the leaping flames, she asked, “What you told your guests, that Sholto helped you to unmask Maghery and Delevan, was not true, was it? He was working with them—against you.”

Wary-eyed, Fallon was unable to deny the charge.

Clenching her small fists, Griselda did not wait for an answer. “How could he? When you’d given him back the properties, tried to help him—!”

Fallon interposed quietly. “He’s just a lad.”

“Other boys of his age know enough to behave decently! I’ve spoiled him—failed him!”

Before Fallon could reply, Wiggins came into the room, followed by a belligerent Denny and an apprehensive Calver. Fallon took up a position behind Griselda’s chair.

“Your mistress wishes to hear what you know of tonight’s unfortunate events, Calver.”

Calver muttered something about only doing as he was ordered.

“You did your young master an ill turn, aiding him with his absurd scheme,” Fallon told the valet. “And now he has apparently gone off after two discredited rogues, who, not content with cheating him out of five thousand pounds, have involved him in a distasteful affair which may become a public scandal.”

The Heathrows will have to be informed of what has occurred,” said Griselda. “I must tell them of Lord Ronyl’s plan to cheat my brother at cards and then use his IOUs to blackmail our lawyers into a heavy settlement. Heathrow may send him a warning.” She was looking at Fallon, almost pleading for reassurance. But the gamester was watching Calver.

“I am still waiting to hear how you became embroiled in these shady doings, Calver,” he said sharply. “It may be you have laid yourself open to criminal prosecution.”

Calver, definitely alarmed at last, answered that he had gone to the Irishmen’s hotel at Master Sholto’s orders, and had received from them a marked card to secrete in Mr. Fallon’s coat. “And a master key to let Mr. Sholto out of his prison. Miss Grant had no right to keep him locked up in the nursery,” he finished resentfully.

When Fallon would have rebuked him for his insolence, Griselda intervened. “It is as well that you feel loyalty to my brother, Calver. I cannot have you here in my home after tonight, of course, but Master Sholto may have need of you. It seems he has followed his new friends to their hotel. Pack fresh clothing for him and take it there.”

“What’ll he do for money?” asked Calver, insolent even in dismissal.

Griselda stared coldly at him. “That is his problem. I shall no longer be responsible for his debts. He will have to consult the lawyers.”

Calver seemed about to argue, but hesitated as Fallon moved purposefully toward him. The valet’s bravado evaporated before that implacable advance. He turned and scuttled out of the room.

“Go after him, Wiggins,” ordered Fallon. “See that he takes only Mr. Sholto’s belongings.”

He motioned to Denny to wait for him in the hall. When he was alone with Griselda, Fallon came to stand beside her chair, looking intently down at her troubled face.

“My poor girl, this has been a bitter experience for you, but the Heathrows will know how to handle such rascals as Maghery and Delevan. I should have advised you to consult them as soon as I had an inkling of your problem. You must go to them tomorrow and tell them all. They must be brought to realize the insupportable nature of your position.”

Griselda tried to summon up a smile. “You are right, of course. I should not have allowed Sholto’s pleas for secrecy to sway me. If I had acted with firmness earlier, I might have prevented this latest shameful action. Now all fashionable London will know of his behavior. I am sure no one tonight was deceived for a moment as to his complicity in the plan to ruin you.” She rubbed her forehead wearily. “I have indeed failed him.”

Fallon frowned. “What is this? No woman could handle such a spoiled, willful youth. He requires a man’s strong hand.”

“If it is not too late.” Griselda sighed. “Perhaps the Heathrows can suggest something. I am at my wit’s end.”

She studied his handsome features, now set sternly as he considered the problem. Oh, if only you would offer to help me, the girl thought, but after the scurvy trick her brother had tried to play on Fallon, she could not ask him to help Sholto. In fact, Griselda decided, stealing another look at his formidable black eyebrows, Fallon must be eager to remove himself from the vicinity of anyone with the name of Grant! Putting on her composure with social smile, she said, too brightly:

“Well, Mr. Fallon, we have had quite an adventure, have we not? ‘Excursions and alarums’, as the poet Shakespeare would say! I daresay you are thoroughly bored by . . . by . . . ” for a brief moment the girl’s composure broke, but before Fallon could respond to the pain in her eyes, she rose and moved toward the door. “I’ll bid you good night now—and thank you more than I can say for your forbearance, as well as for the gift of this house and farm. Try to forget us, Mr. Fallon. Good-bye.”

In his fear that she might be gone before he could convince her of the folly of her attitude, Fallon spoke more sharply than he intended. “What nonsense is this? Forbearance? Good-bye? There can be no such talk between the Gamester and Mistress Meek—”

“Your housekeeper, thankfully for both of us, has gone for good,” said Griselda with a stubborn set to her beautiful mouth. Whatever she had hoped he would say, it was not to remind her of her indiscreet behavior. She caught his sudden frown and went on, grimly determined for his own sake not to involve the disturbing man further in her life. How could she plead with him, beg him to help her brother, when he had already done so much and received so shameful a return? She had her price, too! Hoping desperately to be overridden, she said coldly:

“There is—there can be—nothing further between the sister of Sholto Grant and the man he would have dishonored. There are too many painful memories for us both.”

She did not face him as she waited by the door for his reply. If only he would overrule her as he had so often done when she was his housekeeper!

Fallon’s expression hardened. Was the girl telling him she’d had enough of him—found the association painful, or worse, degrading? True, he was a man who lived by his wits, a hanger-on barely tolerated on the fringe of London Society, as Lady Roslyn had taken pains to tell him. He was accepted by most of the gentlemen of the haut ton, but he knew he was definitely not the sort of man they would introduce to their ladies. His lips tightened into the old bitter line.

“Of course, if it is your wish, Miss Grant, I’ll take myself off at once. Your servant, ma’am,” and he bent his head in a low bow, affording the dismayed young woman a close view of his shining, thick dark hair. He stepped past her and was gone.

Too late Griselda realized that she was dealing with a man unlike Sholto or Wiggins or even the Heathrows—a man who would never plead or argue or importune—or linger after he had been dismissed.

There was a murmur of his deep voice in the hall, then the sound of the front door closing. Griselda, white of face, was staring, in that direction as Wiggins entered.

“Mr. Fallon has gone, Miss Zelda,” he said reproachfully.

Gone. Strange how hollow was the echo of the word in Griselda’s breast. “Did he—what did he say to you as he left?” the girl faltered.

Wiggins’s face expressed his disapproval of her behavior. He was an old man and it had been an exhausting evening. He had known the young woman standing before him, her face now cold and unreadable, since she had been a sunny child.

“Mr. Fallon informed me you had dismissed him. That the house and farm had never really belonged to anyone but you. That I was to look after you and help you—”

The icy look melted into tearful petulance as his young mistress brushed past him. “Words! Why couldn’t he have told me . . . Oh, men! You are all so pompous and noble—and stupid! I am sure I want no more to do with any of you!”

Temper, Miss Zelda!” chided the bewildered old servant.

But Griselda had fled up the great stairway to her own rooms, of two minds whether to send Wiggins packing for not telling Fallon she didn’t hate him, or to cry her heart out on his aged shoulder.





Chapter 22



While Miss Griselda Grant was suffering a crisis of nerves quite unlike her usual calm good sense, Devil Fallon was also prey to unaccustomed emotions. He strode angrily to the fine stables in the mews behind Miss Grant’s elegant town house, and was most unjustly critical of his servants for their inability to read his mind and have his carriage waiting at the front door. They should, he implied, have realized that he would wish to leave the Grant environs immediately if not sooner.

Barty, bowing his head beneath the storm of abuse, said nothing. He mounted the box of the carriage in which his master’s luggage was already bestowed, taking up the reins and jerking his head to give Orrible the office to mount beside him. While the Boots clambered nimbly up, Denny unwisely ventured a protest.

“I had thought we might be staying to assist Miss Grant,” he began.

“I do not pay you to think! If I did, your salary would be a farthing a year,” snapped his master, “and generous at that price! It happens that Miss Grant has no further need of such riffraff as us now she is safely restored to her own home.”

Surprisingly, Denny refused to be squelched. “I am thinking she will never be safe as long as those men are at large,” he persisted. “Her silly dupe of a brother’s no help, nor is old Wiggins. Miss Griselda needs us,” he ended in a gulp.

Fallon mounted into his curricle and accepted the reins. Frowning, he gestured Denny to sit beside him.

“Follow me with the luggage,” he ordered Barty.

“Where to?” asked his dour henchman. “Home?”

“To the Grand Hotel,” decided Devil Fallon reluctantly. “Bring my boxes in unobtrusively from the rear. I’ll register as—as Mr. K. Errant of Nowhere in Particular.” He gave Denny a sneering smile. “That is how you see us, Denny, is it not? Two déclassé Knights Errant, bound to rescue a damsel in distress? Yes, Barty, I’ll register at the hotel as K. Errant—”

“How do ye spell that, sir?” asked Barty doubtfully.

Devil Fallon shouted a laugh so harsh and mirthless that Denny winced. “So we are still acting nursemaid to that fool brother of hers,” he muttered.

As he drove to the hotel, Fallon’s anger began to abate. Whatever the lady’s feelings toward himself, it was true she was no match for the Irish contingent. If those worthies had plans involving Sholto Grant, it was not Griselda who could defeat them. That silly girl couldn’t even control her own brother! Devil’s lips curled at the folly of her behavior in summarily dismissing a man who could, if he had been asked, have made a good try at saving the wretched boy. It was unlikely the stodgy lawyers would be able to help, either, even if they came out of their dusty, hidebound chambers long enough to try. Serve her right if the lad did run off with those black-hearted friends of his!

As the night air cooled his temper, however, Fallon accepted his fate. Glancing at Denny’s downcast face, he relented sufficiently to inform him of his change of attitude.

“I shall wait upon Miss Grant tomorrow. If her fool of a brother hasn’t come home, I’ll accompany her to the lawyers.”

Denny lifted a joyful face to his master. “Oh, sir, it’s bettin’ my life I was you’d not be leavin’ the lady to those rascals! You’re going to help her!”

“That is, of course,” Fallon informed him grimly, “if she doesn’t order Wiggins to show me the door again, as she did tonight.” His bitter smile made Denny’s sentimental heart ache. “Quite like the old days, isn’t it?” Fallon went on. “I don’t seem to have much luck with the ladies, Denny. Ah, well, I’m lucky at cards, and I suppose a man can’t have everything.”





Chapter 23



While Mr. K. Errant and servants, of Erewhon, Ireland, were signing in at the Grand and being conducted to a pleasant suite of rooms, a stormy scene was being enacted in the sitting room of Lord Ronyl Maghery’s suite in the same hotel. Milord’s sister had been awaiting the return of the conspirators, admiring her new emerald ring and wondering if she should have sent a groom to Fallon’s stable for the mare. Perhaps Delevan could do it early in the morning, before the gamester had time to sell the beast. Surely he’d leave London—run away as he had done the other time, in Ireland, when she had made a fool of him. A mocking smile pulled at the corners of Roslyn’s full mouth as she imagined the look on Tim Fallon’s face when the cogged card was discovered in his coat. If she could only have been there to watch the parson’s boy get his comeuppance a second time! Pity that social custom ruled out a woman’s presence at such an entertainment as Fallon was hosting tonight!

She rose and paced the comfortable sitting room. It was to be hoped that Ronyl or Terence had sense enough to win some money from these London gentlemen before they staged the great scene. Not much chance that her brother had, but Delevan’s skill had kept their heads above water for several years.

The woman knew disaster had struck the moment she saw their faces. Delevan’s was pale and rigid. Ronyl, in one of his rages, was cursing loudly. Roslyn glanced at Delevan. He shrugged.

“Your boyo was too smooth for us, my dear. He turned the tables on us. ‘Twas like witchcraft.”

“I’ll kill the blaggard!” Ronyl shouted at the top of his voice.

His sister turned on him in a fury. “You’ll shut your mouth or I’ll do it for you! Have you lost what little sense you were born with? Do you want to have us thrown out of this hotel? Sit down and be quiet while Delevan tells me what went wrong.”

Red-faced and muttering, Ronyl poured himself a drink of whiskey and took it and the bottle to a chair. Delevan took Roslyn’s hand in his and kissed her fingers.

“’Tis sorry I am, me darlin’, for the wreck of the grand plan! The parson’s boy was too smart for us—or someone tipped him off.”

“But what happened?” Roslyn shrilled.

“By some Devil’s trick he spotted the card before the game, and fixed it—”

“Stuck one of Delevan’s duns on the thing,” Ronyl interrupted with a coarse laugh. “By the Lord Harry, if it wasn’t such a leveler for the lot of us, I’d have to laugh at the fool he made of your precious Terry! There was Delevan acting affronted, callin’ Fallon a dirty cardsharp, and the parson’s boy cool as a cucumber, givin’ him the lie! How they all laughed as that old spindleshanks read off the dun!”

“We left under a cloud,” admitted Delevan. “There’s no doubt the word will spread, and we’re done in London forever. Have to get out tomorrow, before we’re asked to leave.”

Lord Ronyl drained his glass and refilled it. “You would come to London, sniffin’ after Fallon,” he turned on his sister savagely. “With your precious schemes to make a fortune! You and your darling Terry shuttin’ my mouth on me and puttin’ on airs and graces! By God, the only one of us that’s made a farthing in this filthy hole is meself, fleecin’ the young jackanapes! Maybe now ye’ll listen to me!”

“We’d be glad to if ye’d anything worthwhile to say,” snapped Roslyn in a fury.

Into the momentary silence that followed her words, came the sound of a tapping on the door to the hallway. At a nod from Roslyn, Delevan went to open it. A hotel servant stood outside.

“Mr. Sholto Grant is downstairs wishing to see Lord Ronyl Maghery. On urgent business, he says. Are you in, sir?”

“Yes, Lord Ronyl will see him. Let him come up.” Delevan closed the door and faced his companions. “Ros, I’m thinking our luck may have turned. Flatter the young fool while I try to see how I can wring a profit out of this visit.”

“The cards, man!” Ronyl was grinning wolfishly. “We’ll get another five thousand pounds from the scut before we turn him loose.”

“No!” The woman took command. “First we’ll hear why he’s come to us at this hour. Then it might be we’ll have more from him than a paltry five thousand. Did ye not say he’s got a fortune?”

Delevan was taking the bottle from Maghery’s fist and straightening his neckcloth. “Leave this to your sister, man! I’ve a hunch we’ll come out of it with our pockets lined.”

So it was into a smiling group of elegantly dressed worldlings that the excited Sholto was received a few minutes later. Lady Roslyn he found particularly impressive. He stammered and postured in his endeavor to prove to her that he was a man of the ton. She had his measure very shortly, and proceeded to handle him so skillfully that Ronyl and Delevan exchanged a smile of grim satisfaction.

“I saw that the upstart Fallon had tricked us all, so I stayed only long enough to have one of the maids pack me a portmanteau—my valet was missing, damn him!—and came to my friends at once to offer my apologies. I’ll see my lawyers tomorrow, and demand a new agreement. This situation with my sister is intolerable!”

Half flash and half foolish, decided Roslyn, elated. She led him on to boast of his enormous fortune. Terence Delevan gave her the nod behind the boy’s back. So, it was true. The pigeon was fat and ready for the plucking. She raised her sleek eyebrows at Delevan, who interrupted Sholto’s consequential recital.

“Didn’t I hear you say your sister had some voice in your affairs, me dear fellow?”

Sholto, interrupted in mid-flight, said a touch sullenly, “Oh, she’s my guardian, but I intend to change all that!”

“I would hope you could do so, dear sir! I declare it is a shame to see a grown man so hobbled,” Roslyn purred.

Sholto took fire at her obvious sympathy. “She’s endlessly on at me, niggle-naggling and forbidding me the simplest pleasure! It’s more than flesh and blood can endure, and—and I’ll not endure it! After all, Miss Griselda’s been seeing a great deal of that gamester fellow, hand in glove with him, gone all day and half the night! When I tell old Heathrow about her behavior, she may just find herself declared unfit to be my guardian!”

Disregarding Roslyn’s frown at this news of one she had regarded as besotted over herself, Delevan snapped his fingers, smiling broadly.

“Grant, I think I’ve got it! A way for you to get the use of your money in days rather than months—and without dragging your sister through a distasteful court case.”

Sholto turned toward him eagerly. He’d been drawing a long bow in front of these dazzling new friends, but he was well aware he’d never convince old Heathrow Griselda was unfit. If Delevan had a plan—“What is it? I’ll do anything!”

Delevan grinned. “If Miss Grant is your guardian, that means she is required to guard you, to protect you, yes?”

Sholto pouted. “Yes, but I’m tired of her interference.”

“Hear me out,” coaxed Delevan, with a conspiratorial smile. “What if she lost you? Would she feel responsible, worried? Distracted, even?”

“I suppose she might,” admitted Sholto reluctantly. “She’s worse than a—broody hen for fussing.”

“Then perhaps she might be willing to disgorge a nice round sum to have her ward returned safely to her—ah—broody care?”

Sholto looked blank, but Roslyn clapped her hands with delight, and advanced on Sholto, kissing him on the mouth. Thunderstruck, the callow youth found himself grinning and shaking hands with the three conspirators. He was ashamed to admit that he didn’t understand the reason for their satisfaction. So when Delevan clapped him on the shoulder, saying, “Are you game for the jest, Grant?” he replied:

“Yes, of course! If you think it can be arranged?”

“Nothing easier, me dear fellow! Don’t I recall your mentioning that you own a large country estate, rather quiet and out of the way?”

Conveniently neglecting to mention that it was his sister who owned the farm, Sholto assented.

“Then the thing is done! We’ll all go the country place of yours early tomorrow before your sister can send for you. We’ll take up residence quietly there, telling no one where we’re headed. You can command the servants there to silence, can you not?”

“Of course. I’ll threaten to dismiss any one of ’em who breathes a word of us. But I don’t quite see—?”

“When we’re comfortably bestowed, we’ll send off a note to your fine sister, telling her ye’ve been seized by a gang of desperadoes”—Delevan pulled a fierce face that made them all laugh—“and she’ll have to send a fine fat ransom.”

Sholto frowned. “She’ll never believe a group of desperadoes would hold me at the farm,” he objected. “There are thirty servants and farm workers. One of them would be sure to get away and summon help—”

“But that is just it, me bucko! We’ll stay at the farm, but we’ll tell your sister to send the money somewhere else, never mentioning the farm,”

“And we’ll tell her your life is forfeit if she refuses to pay,” said Roslyn with a gurgle of laughter.

“Or if she tells the lawyers or anyone else—like the Bow Street Runners,” added Lord Ronyl heavily.

Sholto began to grin maliciously. “She’ll go into a tizzy—fly up into the boughs! For all she thinks she’s so self-possessed, this’ll shake her. Let’s ask for a tidy sum, enough so I can have a little freedom for a change.

“Oh, we’ll ask for plenty for such a valuable commodity,” Delevan agreed, and they all laughed again. “How much should we say?” he asked Sholto.

The youth’s eyes were sparkling as he sipped at his brandy. This was a game to his liking! “One hundred thousand pounds,” he announced loudly, and was pleased to note the astonishment on their faces.

“As much as that?” Delevan’s comment was almost a whisper.

“Why not?” Sholto boasted. “My father was a merchant, the merest cit, but by God, he cut up rich! Over two million pounds. Griselda gets half, damn her, but not till she marries, and I get the rest when I’m thirty.” He laughed shrilly. “Except that I’m going to get some of it right away, thanks to you, Terence! Be very sure I won’t forget my friends.”

“Why, Sholto, me dear lad, ’tis very kind of you.” Delevan motioned to Roslyn to pour brandy for them all. “Now we must put on our thinking caps and decide how best to lay our cards.”





Chapter 24



When Calver arrived at the hotel an hour later (his concern for his rich young master not being great enough for him to consider abandoning all his own belongings in a house he might never return to), he was consternated to learn that Mr. Sholto Grant had already left the premises.

“How can this be? He was planning to stay here! I have his clothing with me. I am Calver, his personal servant, and I demand to be told where he is!”

Calver’s pretensions were speedily depressed by the affronted clerk. “I do not inquire of casual visitors where they are going when they leave this hotel. Mr. Grant was not registered here, he was merely calling upon friends. He came. He left. I did not speak to him on his way out, other than to bid him a civil good night.”

“Then if I could speak to the friends he was calling upon?” pleaded Calver. Find Master Sholto he must, or he would have neither position nor salary.

The night clerk’s face expressed horror, and his genteel manner dropped from him like an ill-fitting mask. “Wot d’yer take me for—a dimwit? Fine fool I’d look, wakin’ the nobs up so some silly clunch of a valley oo’s lost ’is master can quiz ’em! Get out before I ’ave the porter throw ye!”

Calver hurried out of the hotel, lugging Sholto’s portmanteau and his own. Now what to do? His thin figure trembled with anger and fatigue. The coachman was long gone. Where would Sholto have gone at this hour? Back home, probably—the silly noddy! The valet decided he’d better find a link boy or a porter to carry the luggage, and get on back to Thornapple Square. Old Wiggins could settle the shot when they arrived.

Wiggins did so, but informed Calver angrily that he’d never have done so had it not been for his anxiety over Master Sholto. “Get up to your room, Calver; wait for him there. I’ll just stay here a little longer—”

“He’s probably gone to a boozer to drown his sorrows,” suggested Calver. “He’d left the hotel alone. Maybe the fine friends didn’t want any part of him. Would his sister take him back? Why don’t you ask her?” It did not seem to Calver that enough disturbance was being experienced at the loss of the head of the house.

“I don’t intend to wake Miss Zelda with a story like yours! Boozing ken, indeed! She’s had enough to bear from that young ingrate this night.”

Still, as the butler kept his lonely vigil, he admitted to real alarm. Where was that naughty boy? What could Miss Zelda, do, if he didn’t come home by morning? If only she hadn’t sent Mr. Fallon off so cavalierly! Any man would resent it. Gamester he might be, but Wiggins believed Devil Fallon could help Miss Zelda control her unruly brother.

Morning came, but no Sholto. Reluctantly Wiggins sent a message up with Miss Grant’s morning chocolate. Bidden to attend her at once, he hurried up the stairs and entered her room. The girl scrutinized him solicitously.

“You have not slept a wink,” she accused.

“Nor have you, Miss Zelda,” he replied in kind, noting the deep shadows beneath her lovely eyes, and cursing the young wastrel in his mind.

Griselda essayed a smile. “What new trouble are we in?”

“Master Sholto hasn’t come home.”

“He’s at the Grand, with those—with his Irish friends.” Griselda accepted her cup from the new little maidservant.

“No he isn’t, Miss Zelda. Calver came here last night with Master Sholto’s portmanteau. He said his master had already left the hotel—alone—before Calver arrived.”

Griselda sipped and then put the cup aside. “Well, that should be a relief to us. I suppose his new friends turned him away. Perhaps that will teach him not to bestow his trust upon rascals.”

“But where is he, Miss Zelda?”

“Gone to another hotel, I suppose,” the girl said wearily. “We’ll have him fast enough when he needs money. I’m going to get up now, Wiggins. If we haven’t heard from Sholto in a day or two, I’ll make some inquiries.”

“ ‘In a day or two’—! Miss Zelda, he’s just a child—!”

“Not any longer,” the girl said sternly. “He chose to leave his home and go after those creatures. He’s made his choice, let him abide by it!”

But in the event, it was merely hours until they heard of the erring brother. Griselda, pale but determined to carry out her plan, was coming down the main staircase, elegantly dressed to drive to the Heathrows’ chambers, when an urchin left a sealed envelope in Wiggins’s hand.

“It’s for you, Miss Zelda.” He held out the grimy missive dubiously.

“From Sholto, I suppose. Have my carriage brought round at once, if you please.”

She glanced at the envelope. Unless Sholto had written it while under the influence, it was not from her brother. She opened the note, scanned the first few lines and froze.





Mistress Grant (it began):



I have your brother where no one will ever find him. If you wish to get him back alive, you will have to pay me for my trouble. Get one hundred thousand pounds and be ready to bring it to a place I will tell you of. If you inform ANYONE of what has happened or why you need the money, your brother will die.



You are being WATCHED. Stay away from Bow Street. The young fool owes me something and I plan to have my revenge. If you are late coming with the money when I notify you, I’ll send you one of Sholto’s fingers for every day you make me wait. If you tell ANYONE, even Wiggins, I’ll kill your brother.



The Gamester





The signature was printed. Griselda read it through quickly once again. Instead of throwing her into a panic, the challenge rallied her resources of mind and spirit. She went into the library, and, closing the door, sat down to consider the situation as calmly as possible. It was plain to her that someone wanted her to think Devil Fallon had kidnapped her brother. The mention of revenge might be supposed to refer to Sholto’s attempt at disgracing Fallon—everyone at the card party would have known about it, but none of them would have known of Fallon’s concern for her dismay, his gallant efforts to comfort her, after the other guests had left. Nor would any of them know of Mistress Meek and her relationship to the gamester. One of Fallon’s guests, then, had penned the note.

She frowned. Surely none of the men present last evening would be capable of such cruelty . . . such villainy . . . Lord Ronyl! His hatred of Fallon had been more than apparent. The girl recalled his look of rage and chagrin as he left the scene of his humiliation after failing to discredit the gamester. But even he would not be stupid enough to imagine he could get away with this outrageous attempt—

Her racing thoughts came to an abrupt halt. Whatever she suspected, could Sholto’s sister take the risk of endangering his life? When she remembered Maghery’s furious, hate-filled face, she could accept the idea of his guilt. The man was vicious and utterly without scruple. Had she not overheard him twice, planning his ugly schemes?

The Bow Street Runners could catch him, but would they find Sholto in time? Lord Ronyl had impressed her as an evil, unscrupulous man, governed by his passions. Even consideration for his own safety might not be sufficient to control his anger if he were to be crossed. If he had Sholto hidden away somewhere, could anyone find the boy in time? Common sense told Griselda she could not. And if she were indeed being watched—With a shudder of fear, Griselda acknowledged that Lord Ronyl—if in truth the kidnapper were he—had the upper hand. She would have to get the money and be ready to hand it over on demand. And pray, she told herself, that the abductors would release Sholto unharmed!

Oh, if she could only enlist the help of Tim Fallon! But he had left her in anger—no, rather in disappointment, and would be unlikely to return uninvited to a house from which he had been as good as dismissed. She’d go to him in a moment, pride gladly set aside, if only there had not been that warning in the note: “You are being watched.” If she sought out Fallon now, the kidnapper would know she had not been fooled by his insinuation, and might punish her disobedience by injuring Sholto. Very clear in her memory loomed Lord Ronyl’s face with its cruel, bold black eyes and sensual mouth. He would enjoy hurting someone weaker than himself. But surely not even he would perpetrate such irreversible harm as the severing of . . . Griselda shuddered and put her hands over her eyes. Take no chances! Get the money at once!

One hundred thousand pounds! Griselda clasped her shaking hands together in a curious wringing gesture and considered what she must do. Simon Grant would have been able to defend himself, and she was her father’s daughter. It would, of course, be impossible to borrow such a sum without explaining what it was needed for. Curiously naive of Lord Ronyl not to consider that. Her jewels might realize part of the amount . . . then there was the farm . . . but how long would it take to turn all the assets into cash? It seemed there was nothing to do but go to the Heathrows.

She shook her head in exasperation. They’d never hand over so enormous a sum without demanding an explanation. If she told them the truth, they’d advise her to go to the magistrate at Bow Street to secure help. She might accuse Lord Ronyl. They might even believe her, although it was much more likely they’d interrogate Fallon. Then what? Where could the Runners go to find Lord Ronyl? Worse, what evidence had she that he was the abductor? While all the legal wheels were turning, slower than the mills of the gods, what of the victim? If the abductor, whoever he was, had truly set a spy to watch Griselda, the worst thing she could do would be to go to Bow Street.

So, what story could she tell that would persuade the Heathrows to give her this enormous sum of money? If she failed to convince them of her need, would Lord Ronyl be satisfied with part of it, and her jewels? Could she try to arrange a meeting—appeal to him for time? It struck Griselda that he would enjoy nothing more than to have her at his mercy, pleading for her brother’s freedom. Her flesh chilled at the idea. She recalled what she had overheard him saying that morning at the Grand Hotel. Marrying the heiress was a legal way to secure not part but all of her fortune. Hadn’t Regis Southerleigh planned to do the very same thing? If she could persuade Lord Ronyl to marry her, surely he would agree not to harm her brother? Could she endure marriage with such a man? Oh, no! And unbidden, unwelcome, the image of another man rose in her mind—tall, broad-shouldered, with clear gray eyes that could become devastatingly tender or provocatively impudent. And his mouth—shaped for tenderness as well as passion. Fallon! If she could only confide in him! She clasped her hands tightly and pressed them against her treacherous lips.

“Miss Zelda?” Wiggins was opening the door of the library. Quickly she thrust the ransom note into the reticule which dangled from her wrist. Calmly she rose and walked toward the door, forcing a smile to her lips.

The butler looked anxiously at her pale, strained face. “The carriage is ready. Master Sholto hasn’t returned yet. Shall I send for Mr. Fallon?”

In her fear and desperation—and perhaps because sending for Mr. Fallon was what her own heart urged—Griselda spoke more sharply to the old servant than she had ever done.

“Don’t be a fool, Wiggins! Master Sholto has gone back to visit his friend Dobey Gregg. You are like a broody hen over the boy! And the last thing Mr. Fallon would wish to do would be to have any further traffic with a family that has treated him so scurvily!” She controlled her voice. “I am going to the lawyers’ chambers now. Then I have an errand in the city. I’m not sure when I shall return home.” Refusing to meet his troubled eyes, she went past him out to the carriage and was driven off, leaving the old man shaking his head and muttering.

“Sholto’s gone to visit Dobey Gregg—I don’t think! Told me he’d quarreled with the fellow when he was there before. What silly jugglery is the boy up to? ‘Don’t send for Mr. Fallon!’ If Miss Zelda’s the last person he wants to see, I don’t know young men!”





Chapter 25



Wiggins was still muttering and grumbling half an hour later, when the young man in question, hard of eye and grim of expression, plied the shining brass knocker on the front door of the Grant mansion. He was a little startled at the warmth of his welcome. Wiggins almost pulled him into the hall, talking nervously.

“Gone off in a pelter she has. And young spriggins not home yet. Some street boy brought a letter and now she’s off to the lawyers and won’t be home to lunch. Fair bit my head off when I mentioned your name.”

Tim Fallon was able to sort out the various bits of information in the speech, but lost his slight smile on hearing the peroration. “Yet you feel she needs my help?” he suggested.

“I’m positive she does, sir. A fine young woman, but too stubborn and self-willed by half!” He shook his head, his thin, heavy-veined hand trembling a little on Fallon’s sleeve. “Just like he father!”

“You think there is trouble,” Fallon persisted.

Wiggins nodded anxiously.

Fallon continued to recapitulate. “Sholto fails to return. An urchin delivers a letter. Miss Grant leaves the house—ah—in a pelter. Yes, I should definitely say we have a problem.”

Wiggins was so relieved to hear that supportive “we” that he beamed up at the tall, dark man before him.

Fallon’s air was abstracted. Several possibilities, all unpleasant, presented themselves. The wretched youth could have tried to drown his sorrows and overspent his money, causing the landlord of the boozing den to hold him till the shot was paid. No, that situation could have been handled by dispatching a footman with a purse.

Had the boy boxed the Watch, or otherwise landed afoul of the tipstaffs? No; again a matter to be settled fairly easily by the lawyers. Had the graceless youth got himself in over his head at a gaming hell? In that case he’d have run to the security of his home and let Griselda worry about paying his debts, as he had done before. Fallon sighed. Nothing for it but that he would have to pursue his recalcitrant darling and force her to share her troubles with him.

The night had brought good counsel to Timothy Fallon, Knight Errant. In the dark, sleepless hours he had discovered that he loved the stubborn, foolish, managing female who had dismissed him so summarily. Loved her enough to ignore her wealth and her reservations about his occupation and her rejection of himself, and her unpredictable behavior. He saw not the pale, young woman who had sent him away with a shallow, social smile, but the spirited, lovely woman who had defended him so fiercely before all the fine English gentlemen. She hadn’t cared what they thought of her, the darling, but she cared very much that they should not misjudge Devil Fallon!

When dawn came, he had decided to marry her out of hand, and instruct her lawyers to tie up her fortune so he would never get a penny of it. Hadn’t he a tidy sum of his own? Far more than the wench knew of, enough to keep a wife in comfort for the rest of her days. Her fortune couldtheir children. The thought of Griselda as a mother of his children brought such a glow of delight to Fallon that he dressed at once and set out for Thornapple Square.

Not soon enough, apparently. His valiant love had gone off to battle her own dragons, leaving her knight errant to follow and find her if he could. Fallon suppressed a grin. The whole situation delighted his Celtic sentimentality and roused his crusading zeal. Wiggins caught the look in his eyes and was vastly comforted.

“I believe I must require you to give me the direction of these men of law whom Miss Grant is calling upon,” Fallon requested, trying to subdue his love of the chase with a punctilious formality.

Wiggins was almost tearfully happy to oblige. Now that we have a man at the helm, his expression seemed to say, we shall have clear sailing!

This was not, however, immediately found to be the case. When Fallon presented himself at the Heathrows’ chambers in the Inns of Court a half an hour later, he was reluctantly received by the junior partner, and when he gave his name and informed this individual that he had come to escort Miss Grant to her home, he found himself being regarded with suspicion.

“Hmmm, Mr.—ah—Fallon,” the rather pallid young man was scrutinizing him. “You say that Miss Grant—if she were here, which I am not at liberty to comment upon—arranged with you to meet her here?”

It would have been obvious to a meaner intelligence than Fallon’s that something of a disturbing nature had taken place this morning in these hushed, rather dusty offices. He smiled gently at the junior Heathrow. “Miss Grant was not, I believe, aware that I should be calling for her today. I am a friend of the family, and I must confess that I am so old-fashioned as not to appreciate the idea of a young lady’s traveling about in the city without proper escort.”

The quiet confidence of the smile and voice, together with the fact that the sentiments expressed completely coincided with his own, caused the young man-of-law to relax his suspicions just a little. “You are a friend of the family, then, Mr. Fallon?”

“A close one.” Suddenly Fallon recalled the incident in his bedroom when, blinded by soap and rage, he had roared for a towel. And received one. He smiled. “I am like a brother.”

Whether it was the quality of that smile, or the reference to Sholto, Junior Heathrow stiffened up immediately. “Miss Grant has already left.” He seemed about to say more, then shut his lips discreetly. “May I bid you good-day, Mr. Fallon?”

Realizing that he was unlikely to get anything more from the legal gentleman, Fallon sauntered out of the office. Mounting up into his curricle, he took the reins from Denny.

“She’s gone. And she’s in serious trouble of some kind. The young barrister was suspicious of me and wouldn’t squeak beef, but something’s happened this morning which threw him off his nice legal balance.”

“Maybe Miss Grant told him she’d not be after marryin’ that Southerleigh?” ventured Denny hopefully.

Fallon shrugged. “That intelligence would indeed have set the dovecote in a flutter, but I think it’s something else.” His face set in the old, hard, bitter lines. “Why didn’t the fool of a girl let me help her?”

Seeing that look on his master’s face, Denny had the wisdom to keep quiet.





Chapter 26



At this moment Griselda was returning to Thornapple Square in a fighting mood. The Senior Heathrow had been very obstructive, at first utterly refusing to consider her outrageous request for one hundred thousand pounds in bills, and, on being reminded that it was, after all, her money, had attempted to catechize her on the purpose for which she required such an unheard of amount of cash. Her succinct statement that the money was required to pay a ransom to save Mr. Sholto Grant’s life so shocked the man that Griselda’s further statement, “If you allow any hint of this to become public, I am assured that the abductors will murder him out of hand, to ensure their anonymity,” was obviously quite unnecessary.

Mr. Heathrow’s quiet chambers had never before been profaned by such news, since, as he hastened to inform her, his practice of the law was confined to civil, not criminal matters. Although Mr. Heathrow, reeling under the shock, no longer tried to reason with his unfortunate client, he informed her that she would of course have to wait several days while he assembled the needed funds, for which she would have to sign a number of papers. Her response to this legal maneuvering was so clearly reminiscent of Simon Grant’s that the lawyer almost suffered a spasm. In the end he agreed to give her a note to the bank which held the majority of the Grant funds, only rousing himself to warn her, in a feeble voice, that even so there might be an unwillingness to disgorge such a sum.

“Oh, I don’t intend to ask for it all. I’ve had a better idea,” announced this incredible female.

“Do not feel yourself obligated to explain it to me,” begged the old lawyer.

“I had not intended doing so,” declared Miss Grant. “The fewer who know what I am about, the fewer tongues to wag.”

Still too shocked at the event to take umbrage at this very unladylike comment, Heathrow made a final effort to deal responsibly with the young woman.

“Have you informed your fiance of your plan? His lawyers and his father, I may add, have waited upon me to discuss the settlements, which only await your signature to transfer all your interest in the estate to the Southerleighs—which I understood was your express wish.”

“That is all ended,” the lady informed him, and not before time, he felt, with justifiable annoyance. “Mr. Southerleigh has as little wish to marry me as I have to ally myself to his family,” his client snapped.

Upon receiving the note to the banker, which Mr. Heathrow composed with his own hand while she waited, the client flounced out of the office.

“Just like her father,” murmured the lawyer, recruiting his nerves with strong tea a little later. Junior Heathrow only shook his head.





Riding back to her home after a short, unpleasant, but productive meeting with her father’s bankers, Griselda tried resolutely to quell all emotion. “Men,” she sneered to herself in what she felt was a quite reasonable annoyance. “If there is a difficult, time-consuming way to proceed, one may be sure that is the way a man will choose. It is a great pity women have not taken over the management of affairs!” This heretical thought gave her so much satisfaction that her good humor was partially restored, and after she had sipped a cup of restorative tea in the Ladies’ Parlor, she began to think constructively about the details of the plan she was hatching.

Being Simon Grant’s daughter, she knew that neither romantic notions nor feminine wiles would serve her against Lord Ronyl and his friends. The thought did cross her mind that her antagonists might not be the Irish contingent, but she dismissed it. There was a startling familiarity with intimate details of the Grant family life which seemed to her to rule out a strange criminal. In any event, whoever the abductors were, she must fight them, for she had a feeling the savagery so obvious in the note was not an idle threat. Very well then, what was her next step to be?

As it happened, the next step was taken for her. Wiggins came into the parlor to hand her another of the grimy notes. She stared at the old man with a dismay she found it hard to conceal. “When did this . . . ?”

“Just this moment, Miss Zelda. Is—is there anything I can do?”

Griselda rallied her courage. “No, thank you, Wiggins. I’ll take care of it.”

She hurried up to her room, dismissed the little maid who was waiting there, and, when she was finally alone, opened the missive.





You visited the lawyer this morning, then your father’s bank. I am pleased that you are following instructions. A hired carriage will come for you this evening at six. Tell your servants you are going to spend a few days with friends. Bring a handbag containing the money you got from the bank and all your jewels. Bring a change of clothing. Speak to no one about this if you wish to see your brother alive.





The Gamester





Griselda moved slowly over to her dressing table and sat down. She reread the note carefully. The new demand, that she bring her jewels, she understood. The abductors were getting greedy. But why the change of clothing? Was it to give credence to the idea that she planned to visit friends? Was it for the servants’ sake? Or was it—she shivered—so no one would think to look for her for several days, if she did not return? She realized with a cold sense of finality that the abductors could never let her come back to her home after she had seen their faces.

She got up and went down the hallway to her parents’ bedroom. It was kept meticulously clean and exactly as they had left it. In the back of a lower drawer of her father’s bureau she found the small handgun he had carried concealed on his person when he left London on business trips. The bullets, small but sufficiently deadly at close range, were still in their box. She took both pistol and bullets back to her room. Simon Grant had had her taught to shoot by the same ex-soldier who had taught him. Griselda loaded the pistol, placed it, wrapped in a handkerchief, within her reticule, and rang for her maid. She ordered a fire built in her bedroom, a hot bath prepared. After that, she chose carefully the richest yet most subdued garments in her wardrobe. She knew she would need every weapon at her command to give her confidence enough to defy the abductors. She got a sturdy portmanteau from the top shelf of her wardrobe, packed a complete change of clothing, her brush and comb and large bar of scented French soap. Then she scattered the money she had obtained at the bank over the top of the clothing. Unlocking her wall safe, she took three large jewel cases and dropped certain less valuable pieces into the portmanteau. A little regretfully she also dropped in her finest piece, a slim, exquisite diamond necklace. The jewels flashed multicolored fire. Her father had bought sparingly but well for his wife and daughter. It was a dazzling display to bait the trap.

Closing but not locking the portmanteau, Griselda summoned the maid to help her dress. When she was ready, she smiled at the girl who had served her so enthusiastically. Emboldened by the enchanting smile, the girl clasped her hands. “OOO, Miss, you does look prime! You’ll bowl him over, I’ll be bound!”

It was obvious she thought her mistress was on the way to meet a sweetheart. Griselda thanked her, and hoped that her prophecy would hold true. For she had decided to overwhelm the abductor in a way not dreamed of by the little maid.

As she approached the head of the stairway, the unaccustomed weight of the pistol set her reticule to swinging. Casting a stealthy glance around to make sure she was unobserved, she slipped the weapon into a deep pocket in her elegant, fur-lined traveling cloak.

She was destined to meet another well-wisher on her way out of the house. Wiggins was waiting in the hall, his old face heavy with anxiety. Griselda adopted a sprightly manner.

“I am going down to the farm for a few days, Wiggins. All this furor has tired me out, and I’m in need of what Sholto’s friends call a repairing lease.”

Wiggins was not permitting her to escape so easily.

“You’re leaving us at this time, Miss Zelda? With Master Sholto not yet returned—and who knows what a coil he’ll be in when he does get back!” His ancient loyalty rebuked her.

Suddenly the girl had an impulse to confess the whole thing to him, but she restrained the treacherous weakness. What could he do? If there was a watcher—and the contents of the second note proved that her movements were known—the old man’s reactions would warn the abductor that his demand for silence had been disobeyed. So Griselda continued to smile and patted his arm gently. Surely it was better for him to think her unfeeling than to involve him, and herself, in open defiance of those who held Sholto.

Wiggins glanced beyond her. “You’re not taking your maid?”

“Why should I? Most of the regular staff are at the farm. All of you cosset me ridiculously.” She smiled at him again. “Now open the door, unless you wish me to perform that office for myself?”

Frowning crossly, the old man hurried to the door. Holding the knob, he made one final appeal. “If Mr. Fallon should call again—?”

“You will tell him I have gone to the farm.” Her eyebrows lifted. “He has really no right to know.”

“He thinks he has,” snapped Wiggins. “And so do I,” his expression said.

“Good night.”

Defeated, Wiggins opened the door. As he swung it wide, he became aware of a strange, closed carriage standing at the foot of the steps. “Now what is this?” he began, in a querulous voice, but Griselda swept past him and down the steps without answering. She was carrying her portmanteau. As she approached the carriage, a burly form appeared from the shadows and swung the door open. A hand under her elbow thrust her up into the shadowed interior, threw her portmanteau after her, climbed in and slammed the door. Before she had time to speak, or even think, the heavy vehicle was lumbering on its way.

“Well,” said Griselda, to keep up her spirits.

It was the last thing she said for quite a while. A hand caught her shoulder and a foul-smelling cloth was drawn across her mouth and tied painfully tight behind her head. A moment later a cloth bag of some sort was pulled over her head. Now she could neither shout nor see. I hope I can continue to breathe, she thought doubtfully. Her reticule was jerked from her wrist. She knew a moment’s thankfulness that she had transferred the gun to the pocket of her traveling cloak.

The coach swayed and jolted over the London streets. At length, just when she was sure she would either faint or be sick, it rolled onto the relatively softer dirt road outside the city. The coachman whipped up his horses, and the lumbering vehicle gathered speed. Half-conscious, Griselda relaxed the rigid stance she had been maintaining, and sank back against the padded seat.





A nightmare time later the vehicle drew up. There was a subdued bustle of dismounting and talk. Then a voice came clearly to her ears. Griselda’s nerves tightened. It sounded like—but could it be? Yes, unmistakably, Sholto. Then the coach door was yanked open, and the man beside her thrust her body up and out into waiting arms. Even through the bag, her nostrils had been assailed by the reek of whiskey and tobacco smoke. It was a blessed relief to breathe cooler, fresher air. She was lifted and carried a distance, then thrown down onto some sort of cot or bed. A door closed. Rough hands jerked the bag free and she discovered herself to be in a smallish, windowless room. A single large oil lamp hung from the ceiling, providing light which dazzled her eyes. There was a familiar smell which dominated even the reek of whiskey and tobacco. Horses! She was in or near a large stable. Then there was movement and she focused upon two figures coming toward her.

Sholto! Anxiously her eyes searched his face and person for signs of injury. He looked intact and unhurt—and he was smiling! That rather nasty little grin he was wont to adopt when he was perpetrating some particularly devious prank. Sholto!

“Oh, no!” she groaned in agonized rejection of the situation. Strangely it was not so much because he had loaned himself to such a betrayal, but because he had forced her to accept, at last, that he was completely indifferent to her pain and sisterly concern. “To use me so!” she said, furiously. “Of Lord Ronyl I might have expected such dastardly behavior, but of my own brother—!”

For the huge man looming behind Sholto’s meager figure was indeed the Irish peer. He thrust the boy aside and grinned down into her face. “Was it not the wily start yer dear brother conceived of, to lure you to us all complete with a nice little fortune? Ah, but we’ve still further plans for ye, me dear. You’re to be honored, Miss Grant! No little petty honorable for the sister of Sholto Grant. No, yer brother intends to make a much better connection for ye, me pretty one. How does the Lord Ronyl Maghery sound to ye?”

“Disgusting!” Griselda, shaking with anger and reaction from the nauseating gag and hood, tried to stand upright the better to defy her tormentor. To her shocked surprise, Lord Ronyl casually lifted one huge hand and struck her across the face, knocking her back to the couch. The girl’s eyes flew to her brother’s face, surprising on it a sneaking smile. Something in her breast shriveled at that look, though he quickly enough erased it as his eyes met hers.

“Where is the master criminal?” she asked wearily. “I am not to suppose that Lord Ronyl or—Mr. Sholto Grant had the brains to plan and carry out this charming prank.”

The Irish peer’s face assumed a black frown. “I see I shall have to school ye, me dear bride-to-be. Such ugly talk from such a pretty mouth!” He loomed over her, hand raised to strike again.

Almost on cue the door opened and Terence Delevan came swiftly into the room, carrying Griselda’s portmanteau. Without looking at the girl, he addressed himself to Ronyl in a voice whose calmness denied the ugly little scene.

“So, your plan has succeeded! We have our guest safely secured, and her dowry as well!”

Lord Ronyl’s anger faded into sharp interest, but Sholto frowned petulantly. “Her dowry? What’s this? The hundred thousand pounds is mine, to do with as I please. We can make arrangements for the marriage settlement when my dear sister is safely wed and in Ireland.”

Lord Ronyl grinned but said nothing. Terence Delevan turned to the angry boy with a smooth smile. “Of course, Sholto. ’Twas just a manner of speaking. Let us get the lady and the guineas snug at Maghery towers, and we’ll all live happily ever after.”

Sholto was still suspicious. “I’ve no intention of spending the rest of my life in some drafty barn in the bogs,” he said crudely. “It’s London for me tomorrow, with enough of the dibs in my pockets to live a little, at last!”

“And so you shall, dear boy, as soon as we’re safe.” Delevan’s voice was soothing. “But should there be too much delay now, perhaps some misguided friend of your sister’s—or one of the servants here—might become suspicious, and try to effect a rescue. And it’s not many of the dibs you’d have to spend, standing in Old Bailey with a criminal charge on you. That’s why we agreed to keep the lady here in the stables, snug and quiet, until we are ready to move her to Ireland. Once Ronyl has wed her, then we’re home free and the world’s your plaything!”

“I’ll wed her tomorrow,” said Lord Ronyl. “Until that’s done, we’re all in jeopardy.” Delevan agreed quickly, and even Sholto nodded a reluctant acquiescence.

Griselda, recovering from the shock of discovering her brother’s duplicity, found her brain beginning to function again. She had until tomorrow, then, to get herself out of this coil. It was clearly apparent to her that the alliance of Sholto and the Irish contingent was an uneasy one. At best, Sholto was sullen, suspicious and greedy. Perhaps her wild plan, conceived in the theory of divide and conquer, might be brought to bear fruit. She straightened her shoulders and sat upright on the cot.

“I am hungry and tired,” she announced calmly. “Am I to be given food and comfort?”

Delevan turned to her with an ironically admiring smile. “This is a very worthy lady you have chosen, me dear Ronyl. Not a hint of the vapors; no whining or complaining! You are to be congratulated.”

Ronyl’s smile was broadly sensual. “I had almost rather she defied me. It will pleasure me to bring her to heel.”

“Even so, we should be grateful that we are not compelled to place restraints upon your wife-to-be—or to drug her into acquiescence,” Delevan’s glance carried its own warning to the girl. “As a reward for such praiseworthy behavior, I think we might find it possible to provide a measure of comfort.”

“Not inside the Manor,” objected Sholto. “She’ll have the servants rising against us at a word from her. It was always thus,” he concluded spitefully. “They run to do her slightest command, but it’s, ‘I’ll just ask Miss Zelda, sir,’ if ever I give an order. In my own place too!”

Ronyl gave a contemptuous snort of laughter, but Delevan looked thoughtful . . . “We’d best not let them know she’s here, then,” he decided. “I’ll see she gets something to eat and drink, then we’ll leave her to her slumbers—with a watch outside the locked door, of course.”

“Perhaps I’ll spend the evening entertaining her,” Ronyl suggested, grinning widely. He had obviously been drinking steadily throughout the trip.

Griselda controlled a shudder of revulsion. It was time, and more than time, to put her plan into effect. Oh, Simon, help me now, she thought, and summoned up a smile.

“May I have my clothing and dressing aids from my portmanteau before you leave me? I’m badly disheveled by my ride in your charming coach.”

Lucky you weren’t more than disheveled,” sneered Sholto. “Since your attendant squire was Lord Ronyl.”

“Then it was he who relieved me of my luggage, and my reticule,” Griselda remarked. “Where is—oh, there is my portmanteau. May I have it, please?”

“I’m thinking I’d better open it first, considering the contents,” replied Delevan jovially, and bent to pick up the leather bag.

“Not so fast, me bucko.” Ronyl went to stand beside him. “Better let Roslyn be here for the grand opening. It was her quick wits that thought of demanding jewels.”

Griselda observed the hostility, scarcely veiled, on their faces. These were uneasy allies, distrustful, jealous. So much the better! But Delevan, ever the master of compromise and the quiet approach, had risen from his kneeling position beside the portmanteau and turned with a smile to the door.

“Well thought of, Ronyl. I’ll get Roslyn out here as soon as possible—but ye’ve got to remember we must keep from the servants the fact that we’ve a distinguished guest in the storage shed.” At the door he turned. “Best leave everything locked until we’re all here to open it,” he advised softly, and went out.

“A little too smooth for my taste,” fussed Sholto. “He was suspecting you of doing him out of my sister’s jewels,” he smirked at Ronyl.

The Irish peer scowled darkly. “He presumes an old acquaintance,” he grunted. “Let him remember he’s greatly privileged to marry into my family. Roslyn’s too good for him, but he’s a useful creature.”

Griselda tried to think of a way to throw dissension and alarm into the situation, but before she could come up with any good ideas, the door opened softly and the Lady Roslyn Maghery preceded Delevan into the room.

To Griselda’s admittedly highly critical eyes, she seemed less beautiful than she had been when Griselda had last seen her. There were lines of anger drawn deeply between the dark, winglike brows, and lines of frustration around the full, sensual mouth. “Lady Roslyn! Welcome to my farm!” Griselda said, sweetly. “I am sorry to see you looking so poorly. Have you been ill?”

Anger flamed for a moment in the magnificent eyes, then Roslyn laughed. “Ronyl, you’ve a task before you, schooling this one!”

“’Tis a task I expect to enjoy.” Ronyl’s grin was wolfish.

“I hope you’ll have better luck than your sister did, trying to manipulate Tim Fallon,” Griselda remarked with her enchanting smile. Then she was afraid she had gone too far, for the Irishwoman swept toward her with obvious intent to punish the insolence. But again Delevan’s voice, quiet, soothing, prevented an explosion of violence.

Little as the brother and sister might regard him, Griselda realized that this man held the Irish contingent together, gave them quiet, unobtrusive leadership, saved them from the errors their own rapacity and ignorance would lead them into. This, then, was her chief opponent, since he was the Magherys’ chief support. He was addressing Roslyn now.

“We wanted you to be here when we opened the little colleen’s portmanteau, me dear,” he said, and went to lift it up onto the rough table which stood under the hanging lamp.

At once the conspirators gathered closely around the table, eager to count the money and handle the jewels. Griselda rose quietly and went to stand at her brother’s shoulder, ready to play out her part in the little drama which was all she had been able to conceive in the limited time she had had. Thus she was prepared when the portmanteau was opened wide and its contents displayed under the light.

“But it’s all mussed up!” she said, childishly. “I’m sure I packed it neater than that!”

Three pairs of eyes were glued to the dazzling shimmer of jewelry scattered loose among the clothing.

Lord Ronyl sucked in his breath noisily. “It seems that someone has been rummaging about among the contents of your case, me dear wife-to-be,” he said harshly. He thrust one arm into the bag and pulled out a loose handful of the bills which were scattered casually through the contents. “Shall we count the money, Delevan? Would you say we shall find it all here?”

White-faced, Delevan glared back at him. “It might be as well to make a count, Maghery, If you’ll remember, ’twas yourself accompanied the lady within the coach during the rather lengthy drive down here, while I sat cold on the box, driving as slow a pair of slugs as ever it’s been my bad fortune to have under rein.”

Sholto pushed forward and began to take money from the case. As he pulled it out, he handed it to Delevan to count. The tally was made in a silence complete save for Delevan’s voice naming the sum. “Twenty-seven thousand five hundred,” he said, too quietly. His eyes went to Lord Ronyl’s face.

“But it was supposed to be one hundred thousand!” squawked Sholto.

“It was when I put it in my bag,” answered Griselda, all incredulity and alarm. “One hundred thousand pounds and all my jewelry—the price of the ransom for a beloved brother.” She looked at Sholto.

“By God—!” began Ronyl, red-faced with fury.

“Do not say it, Maghery, or I’ll run you through,” Delevan uttered between clenched teeth. “Again I remind you, I was on the box. You were in the coach. I had supposed you insisted upon that position in order to further your—courtship,” with a sneer, “but there could have been a more important objective, could there not?”

Lord Ronyl lunged at him across the table. Sholto hurriedly backed away, to stand dithering by the wall. Griselda also prudently removed herself from the immediate arena, but Roslyn moved forward. She slammed her hand down on the table.

“You’ll hold your tongues, both of you! Let me see what’s in this bag. Then perhaps the little commoner can tell us what we want to know.” With a ruthless gesture she dumped the entire contents of the portmanteau onto the table. This proved to be ill-advised, since Griselda’s jewels went flying in a bright cascade all over the rough floor, some rolling under the cot.

On the instant the men were down on the floor, scrambling. Sholto came up with a flashing necklace of rarely matched, flawless stones. When Roslyn saw it, her breath caught in her throat and she moved forward, snatching it from his hand. He slapped at her. She ignored him, holding the beautiful thing up to catch the light of the lamp.

The men were crawling around on the floor retrieving emeralds that shone with a cool and lovely green fire, rubies burning with sullen beauty, and a dazzle of sapphire, amethyst and topaz. Under cover of the excitement, Griselda slipped her hand into the pocket of her cloak. Beneath her fingers she felt the small, comforting shape of the little pistol. She turned slightly from the absorbed treasure seekers and concealed the weapon under the soft froth of lace at her breast. She had a brief impulse to turn and fire at them all, the greedy thieves, and then she realized with dismay that she could not bring herself to fire upon even these creatures in cold blood. Disgusted by her own weakness, she looked at Sholto. Even in anger, she asked herself, even with the knowledge that he had concurred in this dastardly scheme, could she fire upon her brother?

And then the chance of surprise was gone. Delevan glanced up and caught her stern look. He rose lightly to his feet.

“We must present a singularly unattractive picture to Miss Grant,” he said quietly. “Scrambling about on the floor like children after bright baubles.”

“Children?” echoed Griselda, her contempt marked on her lovely delicate features.

“I think we have them all,” announced Ronyl. “Can you tell us, Grant—is this the sum of your sister’s ornaments?”

“Yes, tell these fine thieving friends of yours, Sholto. Are these indeed all the gems our father bought to honor your mother and your sister?”

Sholto, flushing at her tone, was quite unable to meet her accusing gaze. He glanced briefly over the flashing heap of gems that the others reluctantly deposited on the table, where they shimmered and glowed with a hundred lights. “I believe that is all,” he muttered.

“And would ye swear to that now?” challenged Lord Ronyl, “since ye’ve scarcely looked at them. Or perhaps ye’ve tucked away a sparkler or two for your own delectation?”

“Why not?” ? Sholto, goaded beyond his limited control, flamed out at his tormentor. “They’re all mine, actually, as the heir and the head of the family!”

“But I’m thinking you’ll want to bestow them upon your dear sister as a dowry, when I honor yer family by giving her me name,” prodded Ronyl. His eyes burned with greed and the sadistic enjoyment of baiting the boy. “Wouldn’t want to let her marry above her without paying for the privilege, would ye now?”

“Shut up, Ronyl,” advised his sister. She held out the diamond necklace to Delevan. “Put this on me, Terry. It can be your betrothal gift to me. What do you say to a double wedding?”

Griselda thought it quite time she stirred up the pot again. “But I can’t understand about the money! The Heathrows were very incensed at my demanding so much, and Papa’s bankers were absolutely livid! Sholto, you can ask them if you wish how much they gave me. In fact, you’d better do so. You will be coming into a great deal of money after I am married, but not so much that we can afford to lose seventy thousand pounds. The Heathrows are sure to take it out of my inheritance,” she pouted at Lord Ronyl.

Delevan’s eyes were steely as he regarded Lord Ronyl. Then he framed an ironic smile. “So, me bucko, ye got yer fingers in the till to no advantage, since the missing guineas will be taken from your marriage settlements. Ah, well, ye’ve earned it, I suppose. Ros and I will just take this,” and he scooped up the bills on the table, “for our expenses, like.”

There was a double roar at this piece of impertinence. Lord Ronyl was heard to shout that he hadn’t laid finger on the missing money, but he thought he knew who had. Sholto, in a falsetto wail, was understood to object to the idea of anyone but himself touching a penny of the money. “After all, it’s MY ransom! I’m not too sure I want my sister to marry you anyway, Maghery. You’re a demmed uncouth fellow. Are you never sober?”

Eyes and mouth wide with rage at this unpalatable plain-speaking, Lord Ronyl rounded on the boy. “Give thanks I’m willin’ to marry the jade,” he shouted. “I’ve no longer any need of you—”

Reading aright the murderous glare in the man’s eyes, Griselda interrupted. “But that’s the only way you’ll get your hands on my fortune, isn’t it? By marrying me? If you can’t produce me and Sholto, alive and willing, to sign the settlements at the Heathrows’, there’ll be no money at all.”

Delevan turned on the Lady Roslyn. “Can ye not control this savage brute of a brother of yours? He’ll do us out of all our profit with his rages. He’s no better than a Bedlamite!”

Lord Ronyl lunged forward and caught Delevan around the throat. His fingers squeezed and the dark blood began to congest the slighter man’s face. Lady Roslyn’s voice came like the crack of a pistol.

“Have done, damn you!I’ll kill the both of you if you bungle this! You fools, it’s the best chance we’ve ever had of securing ourselves. By God, I won’t permit you to throw all away because of your lack of discipline!”

Lord Ronyl slowly took his hands from Delevan’s neck. “Let your pretty man hold his mouth, then,” he muttered

Delevan tried twice to speak and could not. Finally he said in a croak, “Let your fool of a brother mind his temper. I am the only one of us who has the wits to plan and carry out a stratagem.” The very lack of emotion in his voice caught and held the Magherys’ attention. “I grow weary of this, Roslyn. If ye permit this oaf to spoil the play once more, I shall take me leave of ye both. Reluctantly,” he finished with a slight, intimate smile at the woman, “but I shall do it.”

Lady Roslyn caught her full lip in her teeth and held up a hand to silence her brother. “Hold, Ronyl. Terence means it, every word, and it’s not Roslyn Maghery who would lose him at the latter end of this. Let be, brother. Follow his advice. He’ll bring us off with the plunder.”

“Well, actually, it’s Lord Ronyl who will be master of a million pounds after he’s married to me,” objected Griselda girlishly, casting a speculative glance at the dark, lowering face. Let me continue to foster dissension, she thought, devoutly. “Why not give my brother his twenty-five thousand pounds and let him be off to London as soon as may be? Surely the rest of what’s left”—she looked provocatively at the conspirators—“which I’m sure some naughty person is hiding at this very moment, will be ample to see the rest of us to Ireland.”

Delevan was regarding her closely. “Now why should you be so eager to see the last of dear Sholto, I wonder?”

Griselda put down her mask to let him see the full force of her disillusionment in her sensitive face. It was convincing, because honest, even if not by any means all of the truth.

“Do you ask me that, Mr. Delevan?” she said quietly. Then, turning to the Magherys, she continued with her pretty air of confiding, “Lady Roslyn will provide an acceptable duenna, I must believe! And I promise you, you’ll find Sholto a very dragon as a traveling companion. Nothing ever suits him at the inns, and he gets nervous stomach and headaches from the jolting. Also he becomes vilely unwell at sea. One of you would have to hold his head.”

Completely convinced by this revolting possibility, Lord Ronyl handed the majority of the ransom money to a gratified Sholto. “Mind ye say nothing but what we’ve instructed ye,” he growled. “Yer sister’s off with dear friends on a romantic journey to Maghery Towers, and ye wouldn’t be a bit surprised to hear of a flattering outcome.”

“Yes, yes, I have it all in mind,” Sholto stammered, reaching greedily for the money.

Delevan, a wary look still on his face, finally said, “I suggest we return at once to the Manor house, lest Grant’s servants become suspicious of our unusual interest in the night sky, or whatever excuse we made them for coming out in a group. Let the young woman rest.” He picked up her cloak and casually felt in both pockets before he threw it onto the cot. “She’ll be snug enough here for the night. No food or drink, and no light. There’s a little too much spirit in the girl, Ros. Perhaps when we pick her up on our way out of here tomorrow, she’ll be truly biddable, and we may permit her to break her fast with us on the road to Liverpool. If she is not amenable,” his voice became very cold, “I suppose we shall have to drug her into insensibility.”

“I’ll do it with pleasure,” said Roslyn, still smarting from Griselda’s reference to a duenna.

“I shall be amenable,” promised Griselda. “Am I not to be Lady Maghery?” she was determined to escape before the party left England, or turn her pistol upon herself.

Watching her carefully, Delevan finally nodded. He didn’t know the girl, but he knew Sholto, and he thought he understood her kind. She was divinely pretty, but as a cit she’d have no chance with the English nobility had she twice the fortune she possessed. “Very well, then. I am delighted you have decided to be sensible. Let me bid you good night.”

“You’ll search the coach for the missing money, will you not?” Griselda asked ingenuously, her eyes on Delevan. If she could only fan the flame of suspicion among them again! But for the moment, the Irish contingent had closed ranks.

“I am sure we shall find the money, Miss Grant. Perhaps upon your person?”

As they turned to leave the storage room, Lord Ronyl hung back. “I want a word with me future wife before she goes to bed,” he explained to his sister’s inquiring look. She merely smiled a little maliciously, murmuring, “Rest well, Miss Grant,” before she left, drawing Delevan after her. Sholto had been the first to go, avoiding his sister’s eyes.

Griselda put her small hands to her breast in a gesture of maidenly modesty. It also brought her right hand close to the pistol under the fine froth of lace. She knew that no appeal she could make would divert Lord Ronyl from his intent, whatever that was, but at least she had now only one enemy to face—and she would have no scruples in firing on Maghery if he attacked her.

But it seemed that amorous dalliance was not his immediate purpose. His dark, heavy-featured face revealed, for once, neither anger, crude humor, nor lust. Instead his sharp, black eyes studied her face. Griselda realized that this man was the most dangerous of the three conspirators. Lord Ronyl would not be swayed by pity; he would force his will without compunction upon any weaker creature. Then, the girl thought desperately, I must be strong!

“In the absence of a worthy male representing your family,” Lord Ronyl began cruelly, “may I give ye a piece of advice? Ye’re a handsome woman, although of common birth. Ye are also extremely wealthy. When ye marry, yer husband will have control of yer person and yer fortune. I intend to be that husband. Ye seem to be a sensible creature. Ye haven’ treated us to the vapors, and ye’ve a better control of yer temper than my witch of a sister. I’ll enjoy breakin’ ye to me will.” A glow began to come into the black eyes.

Griselda said quickly, “You were going to give me some advice, my lord?”

He showed her his wolfish grin, but seemed content to keep the discussion on serious matters. “All females are full of tricks and lies. But ye’re a cut above the ruck, and seem sensible of the honor I’m after doin’ ye. Are ye truly planning to be a conformable female? My advice is that ye do so, and spare yerself both pain and humiliation.” And me, trouble, his expression said.

“I shall be sensible, Lord Ronyl,” offered Griselda. “I’ve already given my word to Mr. Delevan.” For sure, none of them need know what she implied by ‘sensible.’

But Ronyl was frowning in sudden anger. “There’s no need for ye to give yer word or anything at all to Terry Delevan! He’s been honored enough to find himself acceptable to me sister, for his family is good but not great, and he has no money but when he can filch from silly gulls and coneys like yer brother. We none of us have one shilling to rub against another, but it seems it’s meself who’s to restore the family fortunes by way of a marriage with a little nobody whose father was in trade.” He noted her rising color with pleasure. “Does that sting, me darlin’? Toughen yerself. There’ll be plenty more of the same when we’re married. It’s up to yerself to keep me sweet. I’m civil only when I’m sober, and I’m drunk all the time.” He gave her his wolfish smile.

“What I stayed behind to tell you, little wife-to-be, is merely this. Ye’ll not be responsible to Terry Delevan, nor even to my beautiful bitch of a sister. ’Tis I who am to be yet lord and master. ’Tis my word ye’ll carry out—and be damned to the rest of them! Is that clear?”

“Yes, Lord Ronyl,” said Griselda meekly, and the fear in her voice was only partly assumed.

Lord Ronyl’s laugh was satisfied. “Then I’ll bid ye good night, me dear.” He sketched her a bow which was in itself an insult, and went out closing and bolting the door after him. Griselda gave a sigh of relief. Cold and hunger and darkness were preferable to a night spent with Lord Ronyl. She took the pistol from her bodice and stared at it. Could she bring herself safely out of this coil, or would it be better to . . .





Chapter 27



Mr. Fallon had returned to Thornapple Square for the third time that day, barely minutes after Griselda had been borne away in the heavy coach. He found Wiggins beside himself with worry. The old man hardly waited to usher him inside the hallway before breaking into an account of the latest development.

“The second of those notes came, sir, and Miss Zelda took it to her room. Very secretive she was, sir. Before I knew what was happening, she was down again, dressed very fine with a long, fur-lined coat and a portmanteau. She told me she was going to the farm to rest, but she hadn’t ordered her carriage. Then I opened the door and there was a very antique-looking coach waiting outside, heavily shuttered. She went off in that, with never a word of what we were to do if Master Sholto came home in more trouble. It is not like her, sir, to be so callous. Oh, I know the boy has given her a disgust of him by his actions, but she has always forgiven him before . . . helped him . . .”

“If he is not here, how can she be expected to do either? No, Wiggins, I am more concerned about your mistress than about that reprehensible young man. I feel she is in some great trouble—perhaps danger—and it may be his doing.”

Wiggins’s face crumpled. “That is what I fear, too, Mr. Fallon. I’ve felt all day that she was battling some threat of danger, but I kept hoping she could handle it as she has always done. She’s that brave and resourceful, sir . . .” A sob broke from the old man’s throat.

Fallon rallied him gently. “Then we are agreed your mistress is in trouble. Let us see what can be done about it, shall we? What do we know? Item: we have two missives, each one sending Miss Grant out of the house.”

“But this morning it was to the lawyers she went, as she had planned, to ask them to terminate her guardianship of Master Sholto,” interjected the butler.

“Yet when I called upon them, soon after she had left them, the younger Heathrow had an air of alarm which was greater, surely, than such a request would have caused him. So, item: there was more she had to discuss with the lawyers than her guardianship of Sholto. And Sholto himself hasn’t been seen since. Is this item three?” He pondered the idea. “Yes. Item: Sholto has not been seen, either by his sister or by the hotel people or by his valet, since last night.”

“But he did leave the hotel alone, sir, and walking,” suggested the butler. “I thought at first the Irish gentlemen might have been angry with him at the failure of their scheme, and perhaps done him an injury.”

Fallon shook his head. “There’d be no profit for those two in giving Sholto a thrashing. He played his part adequately in their little scheme . . . Wait a minute! No profit in a thrashing, I said. But two letters came to his sister—who is the wealthiest woman in London. The first letter causing her to go to her lawyers with highly disturbing news; the second sending her out into the night in a strange coach with a portmanteau! What does that suggest to you, Wiggins?”

“Oh, God, sir, do you think it is extortion?”

Fallon didn’t bother to answer that. “What did she say to you, Wiggins? The exact words, man!”

The old fellow trembled and muttered, then shook his head helplessly. “She only said that about going to the farm, sir. It’s plain she was trying to put me off the track.”

“Prevent you from worrying, more like,” suggested Fallon. “Well, it’s obvious that the farm’s the last place to look for her, if it is indeed the Irish contingent who sent her the letters.” He stood a moment in deep thought, his dark brows drawn together. The old man stared at him in a trembling silence. “Liverpool! They’ll make for the port and back to Ireland, whatever shady scheme they’ve hatched. I’ll ride for the port at once.”





Perched high on the curricle, Denny looked down at his master with anxious eyes. “She’s not home, sir?”

“Wiggins and I are inclined to think she’s been the victim of an extortion plot. I believe the Magherys, foiled in their charming attempt to ruin me, have taken young Grant and are holding him for ransom. His sister has gone off in a strange coach to pay it.”

Denny’s face hardened. “Then let’s after them without loss of time,” he urged.

Fallon grinned at him wryly. “And where to?”

Denny looked crestfallen. “There is that, isn’t there?”

“In truth, there is that. If we make a choice and are mistaken, we may have lost the trail forever . . . Still, I do have one idea. And I hope to God it is the right one, for without us to aid her, I fear for Miss Grant with those—!” And he used a very bad word in the Gaelic.

“What is your idea, sir?” prodded Denny.

“I am thinking they’ll rush her off to Ireland, where it would be impossible for her to betray them to the English authorities, or for those same authorities to find her. I do not believe they will dare to murder her, yet you see, Denny, they cannot permit her to return to her home once she can identify them as the abductors.” There was a fine sheen of sweat upon the man’s forehead, and it was clear he was desperately afraid for the life of Griselda. “I propose we intercept them at the docks at Liverpool. I only pray we’ll be ahead of them there!”

“Amen to that,” whispered Denny as Fallon set the curricle in motion.

It seemed to the impatient rescuers that Fate was against them on their wild dash to the Mersey River. First they had to stop at Fallon’s house to pick up funds for the trip and a greatcoat each against the chill of night. Then Fallon had to dissuade Barty and Orrible from accompanying the party; he did so by instructing them to have all ready for his return with Mistress Meek. Then Denny got some maggot into his brain about Fallon’s consequence when he met the Magherys again. Fallon cursed him roundly, but the little man insisted upon packing his master’s best black velvet suit and suitable jewelry and accessories. “For I will not have you looking anything but the great gentleman you are, sir, in front of those creatures! And I’ve never a doubt that Mistress Meek would second the motion, sir. You’ll mind how she refused to let you wear the red coat, lest the nobs laugh at ye?”

“Pack the clothing,” Fallon submitted with good grace, “but do not take all night over it. I suppose you’ll insist on putting in my quizzing glass?” Then, observing Denny’s thoughtful look, he shouted in quite the old way, “I was joking, you fool! If you’re not ready in five minutes, I’ll leave you!”

Much refreshed and heartened by his burst of ill-temper, the servants accomplished miracles and waved their master and his valet off within very little longer than the designated time. Still, it was nearly ten o’clock at night when Fallon gave his horses the office, and his elegant curricle, with his best pair stepping out smartly, flashed down Bishop Street. Quite carried away by the drama of it all, Denny cried “Tally ho!” and was severely reprimanded for making a fool of himself.

As Fallon negotiated the twisting streets of London with reckless skill, Denny’s mood darkened. “Too bad we’re so late. They’ll be far ahead of us, for sure.”

“Not necessarily, if I know the Magherys. They’ll be lying snug in some pleasant inn, now they’ve plenty of money.”

This reflection depressed both master and man, and they kept silence for a space, wondering how the abductors would bestow Griselda Grant. Determined to be optimistic, Denny voiced the problem for both of them.

“They’ll take extra care of Miss Grant, sir; after all, she’s a fortune to them alive and in good health.”

“True,” agreed Fallon, also determinedly looking on the bright side.

He felt sure he knew, at least in general, the lay of the roads north and west from London to the Mersey. But a heavy fog crept down on them just after midnight, slowing their progress unbearably. Then sometime during the night, Fallon took a wrong turn and lost several precious hours, since he did not discover his mistake until dawn. All the next day they pressed on, begrudging the time they took to rest the horses and feed themselves.

Toward nightfall, disaster struck. Negotiating a sharp corner, they found themselves confronted by a vehicle unforgivably far over on their side. Fallon handled his own cattle well enough to avoid a serious accident, but the careless whipster’s heavier vehicle ripped off and broke their near wheel.

Fallon and Denny were down in a moment, Denny to the horses’ heads, to soothe the high-bred animals, Fallon to assess the damage to his curricle. He confronted the tipsy culprit with a white rage, which faded as he observed the young man’s appalled regret. Accepting his apologies with scant courtesy, Fallon requested the youth to inform him where a wheelwright could be found.

Their ill-fortune seemed to have changed with the intelligence that a thriving village was just around the turn, less than a mile off. Whether or not the blacksmith could be persuaded to begin work upon their wheel or replace it after dark was a moot point.

“Jolly’s a good man. He’ll oblige you first thing in the morning, and I’ll do myself the honor of paying him for the wheel, since the accident was my fault. I’d had a few too many at the inn,” he concluded sheepishly. “In any event, you would not wish to continue your journey tonight.” He motioned toward the woods, from which, and from a boggy marsh, a heavy mist was beginning to roll.

Fallon bit back an exclamation of disgust, but Denny said softly at his shoulder, “Them we’re after will have to rest as well, sir. You said it yourself. We’ll lose little time and feel better for rest and food.”

“You remind me of a nanny I once had,” said Fallon bitterly. But the valet was correct, he decided an hour later. The horses were fed and resting comfortably in a clean, well-kept stable; he and Denny had eaten well; the room in which they were to spend the night was also clean and well-kept.

“Off to sleep at once, Denny. I’ve left a call for dawn tomorrow.”

Denny yawned and slid between the blankets of the cot he was using. Fallon put out the candle, fearing it might be some time before he could get to sleep, but surprisingly he knew no more until a thunderous knocking on the door of his room aroused him the following morning.

There were complications about making and fitting the new wheel, however, and to their dismay, Fallon and Denny did not get back on the road until the next day. Fallon’s lips were set in a white line, and Denny’s face was shadowed as they resumed their journey.

“We cannot be too far behind them, sir. I defy them to drive as well or as fast as your honor,” muttered Denny at dusk that day.

Fallon’s tense shoulders relaxed. He admitted to himself that if he ran into the abductors at this moment, he would be hard put to mill them down in his present condition. Then the thought struck him: how could he get Griselda away from them? Worse. What if she were not with them? Blind fool! He’d run off like an idiot, following his hunch that the conspirators would make for home ground. He sighed. Devil Fallon would just have to trust his luck, and play his cards as they were dealt.

“We’ll stop at the next inn,” he told the valet. “I think both of us are ready for food and rest.”

Within the hour they drove into a small town. They passed a tiny hostelry on the outskirts, the Duck and Drake, which Denny thought had a nice, domestic sound, but Fallon overruled him. “Sheets are probably damp,” he decided, and drove on toward the center of town, where Fallon chose a much more pretentious building. It was well-lighted and had a heartening bustle in the inn yard.

“We’ll do well here,” commented Fallon “It’s the sort of place Ros would insist on stopping at. We may get news of them.” He drove neatly past a couple of heavy coaches and pulled in front of the busy stables. An ostler ran out to take charge of the curricle.

“Put her up for the night,” ordered Fallon. “See to the horses first. Extra corn, I think. They’ve done a noble run today.” He flipped a coin, which the ostler caught expertly.

“Yes, sir!” the boy was admiring the sleek, high-bred pair.

As they proceeded from the stables toward the back of the inn, Denny carrying the luggage, Fallon halted abruptly in the shadows and threw out an arm to stop the valet. From an open window above their heads came a voice well-known to them both.

“I will admit you’re a bruising rider to hounds, but you in turn must agree that you make damned heavy going over rough ground,” said the Lady Roslyn Maghery. “All we ask, Ronyl, is that you leave the chit alone until we’re safe in Ireland, or that you let me give her a potion that’ll keep her quiet.”

“He’s fallen love with the wench like any callow stripling,” Delevan’s voice came from almost over their heads. The two listeners faded back into the shadows instinctively, but it seemed to be unnecessary; the three inside the inn were too absorbed in their quarrel to bother coming to the window.

Fallon heard Lord Ronyl growl, “I gave the girl my word I’d let her keep her wits about her, so we’ll have none of your dosing and drugging, Ros! And what I say and do to her is my own affair. Have you forgotten I’m to marry her?”

There was an undistinguishable comment from Delevan, then Ronyl’s voice loud and angry, “Of course I’ll control her money when she’s my wife! You weren’t thinking of wedding the lass yourself, Terry? What a comeuppance for poor Ros!”

There was the sudden scrape of a chair on the floor, then the voice of Lady Roslyn, low but clear.

“Shut up! The bitch has you at each other’s throats! As for you giving her your word, Ronyl, we all know how much that’s worth, if your inclination should ever be to break it! Now go and get comfortably drunk, dear brother, and forget the little English witch. I swear you haven’t touched a dram these two days!”

“And I, for one, prefer you drunk,” snapped Delevan. “Your temper’s chancy, then, but at least you spare us this fustian.”

There was no reply from Ronyl, but a door slammed thunderously within. Then Roslyn’s voice came low and furious. “He’s gone back to the woman! What has she done to him? Perhaps you had better marry her out of hand, and we’ll get him drunk and keep him that way until he forgets this folly.”

“Would you trust me to wed the charmer, mo croidhe, my own dear love?” teased Delevan.

“I would that, little man,” laughed Roslyn harshly. “I know well the kind of games you like to play, and it’s sure I am the prim little English miss would never play them with you.”

The voices lowered, and Fallon and Denny crept back toward the stables. Denny was startled to behold a huge grim upon his master’s face. Fallon broke into a low laugh.

“The wit of her! The courage and the bright mind! She’s doing it again, Denny, bless her!”

Denny blessed her heartily, and then queried, “What is it Miss Grant is doin’, then, if I may ask?”

Fallon chuckled. “Setting the villains against one another, of course. Divide and conquer. Don’t tell me ye’ve forgotten Mistress Meek and the Rout of the Tradesmen?”

Denny grinned at the memory, as Fallon continued in a sober tone, “These are more deadly opponents. We must help her, Denny.”

“Ye’ll never go into the inn alone? With all of them, and most likely a crew of servants, together there? The odds are against us,” objected Denny.

Fallon considered the situation. “They are well entrenched. It’s clear to me that I cannot face them down in this guise.” He indicated his wrinkled and travel-stained clothing. “This is far from the immaculate and fashionable Devil Fallon I have trained them to expect.”

Denny glanced at the warm light spilling from the kitchen of the inn. “It’s too hungry and tired we are to think clear, sir. Perhaps we could bed down in the stables, near the horses?”

“No, I’ve a better idea. We’ll go back to that little inn we decided against earlier, and eat a good meal. Then we’ll rest a little and clean up, and come back in style.”





As they sat together over a meal in the dingy taproom of the Duck and Drake, Denny confided, “I had thought we might waylay them and snatch array Miss Grant, but it’s chancy work, ambushing a coach on a busy highway like this one.”

Fallon raised amused eyebrows. “I see I have not fully appreciated your talents all these years! So now it’s highway robbery, is it?”

Denny chuckled. “Sure an’ I’d be no threat at all to anybody, for it’s just dawned on me that such a large and fancy party as them we speak of would more than likely have two or even three coaches to carry them and their servants and the baggage. Fine fools we’d look, holdin’ up the first coach, and havin’ the other two sweep around the bend on us at the vital moment!”

Fallon entered the game with relish. “What about this? What if the servants’ coach came first—to prepare the rooms and all at the next stopping place. We’d ambush the servants, drive them off and set their coach across the road. Then when the Magherys’ coach arrived, they’d stop to find out what had happened to their servants, and we’d leap out upon them, yelling and flourishing our weapons—”

“What weapons?” asked Denny is a disapproving voice. “Your honor well knows you refuse to carry any. While we two were battlin’ Lord Ronyl, Mr. Delevan and a round dozen of servants, with our bare hands, Lady Roslyn would probably put a pistol to Miss Grant’s head and force us to surrender.”

“True, Denny, but it was amusing to play a game of make-believe derring-do. I have, in fact, a simpler plan which I hope may work, since it’s clear neither of us is a hero. We must face them at the inn, where at least they’ll be reluctant to murder us before witnesses. I asked myself what weapon I could employ? What was their greatest weakness?”

“Malice, dishonesty, lust, greed—” began Denny, with the air of one who has much information to impart.

“Stop there,” interrupted Fallon. “Greed. It is the source and wellspring of their action. So I intend to play upon their greed.” He rose and called for the bill. “First, we shall require mine host to give us a room to wash up and change into garments not so travel-worn. Then you shall walk back to the stables, harness up the team, and come back here for me. We’ll arrive in a style suited to my consequence! You must go into the inn ahead ot me, puff me off to the landlord, demand the best rooms and a hot meal which I shall refuse when I arrive. Best of all, throw down a couple of golden guineas and demand service for Mr. Fallon of London.”

“I’d like nothing better,” avowed his henchman, “had I the guineas and some idea of what mad scheme yer honor is hatching!”

His master enlightened him.

So it was, half an hour later, that an obsequious host bowed the elegant Mr. Fallon into the best parlor the establishment boasted. That it already contained a glowering Lord Ronyl and a quietly smiling Mr. Delevan did not seem to discompose the new arrival. He raised his quizzing glass and surveyed them calmly.

“Ah! The Irish contingent!” he said sweetly. “Going home? I fear our London fogs—or something—did not quite appeal to you.”

“Or something,” agreed Delevan equably.

“Now I am going home too,” Fallon went on, snapping his fingers at Mine Host, who was waiting to serve the fine gentleman. “Best whiskey, Host, for myself and friends.”

Lord Ronyl moved as restlessly as a caged beast. Then he tipped his head and poured the contents of his glass into his mouth. Fallon observed the maneuver blandly.

“I am going home,” he repeated, “to buy a castle. Do you know of one for sale?”

Both Delevan and Maghery were now staring at him intently. “What madness is this? Gettin’ a bit above yerself, are ye not, Parson’s boy?” sneered Lord Ronyl.

“I am, in truth, if two million pounds is above myself. I’ve had a lucky season, what with your late friend Sholto Grant and a few other pigeons.” Fallon sighed affectedly. “Clonmel said he’d help me find a place suitable to me new fortune, but he can’t get away from London just yet, and I’m eager to be at it.”

“What’s this about Grant?” began Lord Ronyl harshly. “He told us ye’d got his house and his allowance off him”

“I had a little more than that,” smirked the gamester, looking mysterious. Lord Ronyl thrust back his chair.

Delevan stood up unhurriedly. “Why do we not adjourn to our suite upstairs, and then we can talk in comfort?” He gave his friend a warning glance that indicated the several other guests whose attention had been caught by Lord Ronyl’s abrupt movements and loud voice.

But the gamester was playing hard-to-get.

“I think I’ll stay down awhile. I’m not ready to retire yet.”

“Who said anything about retiring? A pleasant game, perhaps, to while away the evening?”

Fallon laughed so loudly that every eye in the room was attracted to the party. “Oh, my dears, haven’t you learned your lesson yet? You’ve nothing left to wager! I had all of it. Also all of Sholto Grant’s. By the way, have you seen that unfortunate youth? His friends fear he’ll do himself injury, having beggared himself and his sister in one night’s play.”

“By God, I’ll not listen to yer lies!” began Ronyl, fiercely.

Fallon smiled gently. “Oh, had you hoped to pluck the pigeon at your leisure? If you know where he is, tell him his lawyers are mighty anxious to see him”

“And what do ye know of his lawyers?” snapped Maghery.

“I saw them several days ago—in fact, the day after my card party—not a painful memory, I hope?” he smirked at Lord Ronyl.

“You talked to his lawyers?” persisted Delevan.

“Naturally. I was at their chambers to present young Grant’s notes-of-hand. The boy is casual about play and pay. Deludes himself he hasn’t really lost much. I had moved into his house, but he kept making excuses about handing over the money. I grew tired of waiting for him to accept his losses and honor his obligations. I faced his lawyers with the IOUs. The senior Heathrow was beside himself. It seems the silly youth hazarded not only his own fortune but his sister’s as well. Mr. Heathrow appealed so strongly to my chivalry that I relented a little. ‘Tis the Irish sentimentality in me, I am afraid.” The gamester sighed affectedly and accepted the whisky from the bowing host. “Gentlemen, your health!”

Delevan refused; Maghery seized the offered glass and drained it in a gulp. Delevan repeated, “You relented a little. How much?”

The gamester shrugged. “I’d heard she was middle-aged and rather plain. I instructed them to give her a few thousand pounds—enough to keep her until she can find something to do for a living, or some fool of a man willing to marry her for her face and fortune.” He laughed. Ronyl rose to his feet, glaring.

Delevan was not to be diverted. “Twenty-seven thousand pounds, belike?”

Fallon raised his eyebrows. “Me dear boy! Are ye a warlock? ‘Twas thirty thousand I had them give the poor woman. Mr. Heathrow said it was very generous of me. Odd, is it not, to think of Tim Fallon, the parson’s boy, able to give away thirty thousand pounds!”

Lord Ronyl gave a bark of laughter and turned on Delevan. “Thirty thousand! And you gave that pup of a boy back twenty-five of it, to get rid of him and keep him sweet for the wedding! It’s finely they’ve diddled ye, ye scut! And ye be so willin’ to believe I’d had me fingers in the money before ye got to it!”

“But it’s you was so anxious to marry the girl,” reminded Delevan, white around the nostrils, his voice quieter by the minute. “Do ye think her couple of thousand pounds will last ye through the honeymoon?”

“Oh, are ye to marry the woman, Maghery?” asked Fallon innocently. “Rather beneath your class, the daughter of a tradesman, I should have thought.”

“I’ll kill her!” raged Lord Ronyl. Several of the guests rose to their feet, staring nervously. The landlord came hurrying over to their table, accompanied by two stout serving men.

“Better send for Ros,” Fallon advised Delevan, sotto voce. “Our wild Irishman looks to be getting out of hand. This is a fairly public place for him to be making threats of murder, don’t you think?”

Delevan slipped past the landlord, a sickly smile on his face. Fallon stepped into the breach. “Landlord, coffee for his lordship, please—quickly.” He turned to Maghery. “Please sit down, Lord Ronyl. Our good host will bring you a settler in a moment.”

Lord Ronyl sank back into his chair, his burning gaze fastened to the gamester’s face. “Is it true you’ve won all his money? I wondered why he refused to come with us to Ireland, the little weasel. He insisted on returning to London, but it was that damned fool of a Delevan who gave him the money! Still, Grant left his sister to trick me into marriage.” He struck the table with his fist. “I thought she . . .” his voice trailed off and he sat staring at the tabletop in a brown study. Fallon forebore to disturb him.

Very shortly Lady Roslyn appeared in the doorway, escorted by Mr. Delevan. She had one arm linked through that of Griselda Grant. There was a dazed look on the girl’s face, and her step was hesitant. Mr. Fallon, after one lightning glance, kept his eyes away from her. He rose to his feet.

“My Lady Roslyn! What a pleasure to see you!”

Roslyn had apparently been informed of the situation by Delevan. Sweeping toward the group, she pulled Griselda along with her toward the table. She smiled at the landlord. “Could you serve us all with some of your excellent coffee, Host? Before we retire to our suite for the night,” she added. It was a suggestion the landlord was eager to accept. He bustled off, giving an order to a hovering waiter.

“Terry tells me you’ve won all Grant’s money,” she addressed Fallon hard-eyed, but keeping her voice low enough so that no one beyond their table could hear.

“And his sister’s,” added Fallon. “He was so very eager to play!”

The Lady Roslyn smiled grimly. “Och, you’re the clever one, parson’s boy,” she said. “And you, me dear Terry. You were so quick to give the boy the twenty-five thousand pounds. So what have we at the latter end of it for all our pains?”

“You have the jewels,” Delevan reminded her.

“Speak not of them, lest this clever fop wheedles them out of you.” Roslyn’s smile was icy. She gave Fallon a glance of purest hatred. “I hope we never have to set eyes on you again,” she told him softly. “Come near us at Maghery Towers, and I’ll kill ye if Ronyl doesn’t.”

“Thank you for the warning, my lady,” said Fallon. “May I bid you good night—and good-by?”

“Wait, Ros,” interrupted Delevan. “Get him to take the Grant woman with him. I am truly afraid of what Ronyl will do when he sobers up.”

Fallon frowned. “Take her—? What is this? Is this Sholto’s sister? She’s pretty enough to tempt a bishop!”

“Yes, yes, me boyo, this is Mistress Grant. Wouldn’t she make a pleasant traveling companion for you?”

The gamester raised his quizzing glass, stared through it, and shook his head. “Sorry, me boyo, but I’m planning to go on to Liverpool in the morning, and thence to Ireland. What would I do with this young woman?”

“Have ye no pity for the girl ye’ve robbed of her fortune? Would ye leave her to Ronyl’s tender mercies? He’ll surely try to kill her when he remembers what she did to us. Come, come, Fallon”—when the gamester still seemed reluctant—“your father would be sadly disappointed in ye!”

Fallon permitted himself to look pained, stupid and irresolute. Delevan pursued his advantage. “We know ye’ve too kind a heart to desert the girl, when she’s the victim of her brother’s folly and your—er—skill,” he coaxed.

Fallon sighed. “Well . . . if you feel she’s in danger,” he said finally. “But you’ll have to help me,” he continued. “Have your maid bring her cloak and whatever belongings she has to me here.”

Glad to escape from the avid interest of the other guests. Roslyn got up and guided the girl out to the hall and upstairs.

“What’s wrong with her?” Fallon inquired testily. “She acts like a sleepwalker.”

“Just a little quieter Ros gave her. She was feeling a trifle under the weather,” Delevan reassured him. “She’ll sleep through the night and never remember what’s happened.”

“Well, this all means I shall have to leave the inn at once. All these staring fools! I can’t acquire a woman and remain here to furnish fuel for their conjectures. Really, Delevan, are you sure this is necessary?”

“Ronyl will do her an injury,” Delevan assured him.

Both of them knew that was true.

“Will you really take her back to London?” Delevan asked.

“Of course.” Fallon imitated a leer. “Perhaps not by the most direct route. She’s not a bad-looking filly.”

Delevan threw him a warning look. “Better get out of Ronyl’s sight, Fallon. I don’t know how long he’ll remain in that comatose state, but when he comes out of it, he’ll be wanting your blood as well as the girl’s. He’s always hated you, you know.”

“Well, I’ve given him reason,” Fallon admitted. And to himself he added: if you only knew how much!

He rose a minute later, and saying good night quietly, went out into the main room of the inn. Denny was there, looking nervous, carrying his own and his master’s greatcoats. While Fallon discharged his debt to the landlord, Lady Roslyn’s maid came down the stairs escorting Griselda. The girl seemed half asleep. Fallon came forward anxiously to receive her. Her fur-lined cape was draped over her shoulders, and her reticule had been hung from her wrist. The maid handed Denny a small bag without comment, and went back upstairs.

“Let’s get out. I won’t push my luck,” whispered Fallon. He put his arm around Griselda and led her out the front door. The night fog had lifted, and a half moon gave uncertain light to the road. Denny stowed Griselda’s bag under the seat, then waited until his master had mounted into the curricle. He boosted the girl up to him. When he made to pull himself up behind, Fallon shook his head.

“I’ll need you here to wedge her between us. They’ve given her something. She’ll be sound asleep in a minute,”

Denny swore under his breath, and Fallon nodded agreement.

“They’re despicable, of course, but then we always knew that, did we not?”

As Fallon gave his horses the signal, Denny glanced past the girl at his master’s stern young face. By the good Lord, the valet thought exultantly, he’s really free of that harpy at last! And looking himself for the first time in years! He put a respectful hand very gently across Miss Grant’s shoulders to steady her. His master noticed and approved.

“That’s it, lad. We mustn’t let her fall, brave lovely girl that she is.”

So the three rode through the night, two of them so happy they forgot to be tired, the third fast asleep between them, safe in their care.





Chapter 28



When Griselda awoke, she found herself in bed in a very pretty little rustic room she had never seen before. She lay still for a few moments, trying to remember how she had got here and what had happened to her. Suddenly she recalled the Lady Roslyn holding a cup to her lips, and she sat up quickly, peering around the sunlit bedroom with alarm. Stretched out in a large armchair near her bed was Devil Fallon, looking very relaxed and serene in his sleep.

She smiled naughtily, remembering how appalled this same gentleman had been the morning Mistress Meek invaded his bedroom, and the anguished leap of his fine, handsome body back over the bedcovers. She looked around for a mirror, saw a tiny one hanging awkwardly high above an antique bureau, and resigned herself to patting her hair into place. If he was here, at least she had nothing to fear from the Irish contingent. She tried to remember how he had gotten her away from the Magherys, but could not. After a minute she did recall something, and got stealthily out of bed to secure her reticule. She found it on the bureau.

Opening it quickly, she gave a sigh of relief. Under a fine lawn handkerchief lay the large bar of scented French soap she had brought from Thornapple Square. She took it out and stood smiling at it.

“So English, this desire to be forever washing,” came a lazy, beloved voice from the large chair.

Griselda whirled to face her Devil.

She had already discovered that her outer garments had been removed, and that while her attire covered her adequately, it was certainly not that in which an unmarried lady was wont to receive visitors. Still she stood quietly watching him, adorably flushed and smiling her enchanting smile.

Fallon rose and came slowly toward her. “You must stop looking at me like that, or I shall not answer for the consequences.” He took her hand and bowed over it. “Madam, good morning. We are free of the abductors, and I love you.”

Griselda sighed with satisfaction. “That is the nicest good morning I have ever had. Would you like to enjoy my soap?”

Fallon quirked an eyebrow. “Are you suggesting that Mistress meek assist me in my ablutions—again?”

Griselda chuckled and held the bar of soap out for his inspection. “They had me locked in Lady Roslyn’s bedroom, where she or her maid might keep me under surveillance. I had pretended to a meekness of deportment”—she smiled at his reaction to this—“and the maid sometimes slipped away while her mistress was at dinner or the like. I had given Lord Ronyl my word that I would not try to run away if they did not drug me—”

“Which Lady Roslyn had just done when I found you last night,” Fallon interjected.

“I’m glad. It releases me from my parole. In any event, I knew that Delevan and Ronyl’s sister would prevail very soon, so I tried to be alert for any opportunity. When Roslyn came to get me last night, she sent the girl out of the room on a trumped-up errand. Then she took a small bottle from her case and began to prepare a drink, telling me that she was taking me down to the parlor to meet an old friend and for goodness’ sake to smarten myself up so I wouldn’t disgrace my hostess.”

“That has the Lady Roslyn’s authentic touch,” commented Fallon grimly.

“I was delighted. I walked over to her dressing table, upon which she had scattered whichever of my jewels she did not desire to wear that evening. I picked up the most important piece and slipped it into my reticule. Its absence was not noticeable in the confusion of the dressing table. Then I tidied my hair and went over to the commode to wash my face. I had this soap in my reticule, and used it—well, don’t you think?” With a little effort she separated the bar into two halves. Nestling in the hollow space she had made in Thornapple Square was a diamond necklace. “It was my mother’s, and I didn’t want that woman to have it.”

“Bravo!” applauded the gamester. “We’ll alert the London police when we return. They can advise us as to how to get back the rest of your jewels.”

“Do not bother,” advised the girl. “They’ll never venture back to England as long as they know we could have them arrested if ever they did. It’s cheap at the price, to be rid of them.”

Fallon came and stood before her. “I want to hold you in my arms,” he said softly, and waited. Looking into his face, the girl understood that the male pride of him, so cruelly mocked by a bad woman was holding him, binding him against a full, free offering of his love to any other woman.

“I wish above all things that you would do so,” she said gently, and drew his face down to her lips.

An ecstatic time later, the gamester looked down at his lady love. “It’s not a very valiant knight errant you’ve chosen, my darling,” he said softly, his voice deep and warn, but a smile of self-mockery set wryly on his lips. “Instead of killing the dragons, or even putting them to rout, I merely tricked them.”

When, at her demand, he told her his stratagem, she clapped her hands with pleasure. “How clever you were to use their own weaknesses against them! My father would have loved it,” Griselda said admiringly. “He always valued brain over brawn.”

Fallon’s smile became amused and tender. “You’re determined to admire me, are you, then? No word of censure for the falsehoods I told?”

“I told worse ones myself,” the girl said firmly. “As long as we do not tell them to each other—”

“You think we should agree to complete honesty, always?” the man challenged.

Griselda met his eyes, her expression adoring.

“I do.”

“Very well, then, Miss Griselda Grant. Do you love me?”

Delicious color rose in her cheeks, but she held his eyes with hers. Instinctively she knew that this healing was essential.

“I do.”

“How much?” Devil Fallon demanded.

“All I can—in every way—for always.”

The dark, laughing face became sober, and in the man’s eyes a light began to glow. He took her in his arms gently, and bent his shining dark head over hers.

“Do you want me to kiss you?” he whispered.

The beautiful eyes wavered at last, and long-lashed eyelids lowered to conceal them.

The man waited, hardly daring to breathe.

“More than anything in the world,” said Simon Grant’s daughter in a small, clear voice.

Tim Fallon took her at her word, and for a little while a tiny rustic bedroom in an English inn became the center of the universe.

When Fallon came reluctantly back to earth, he released Griselda and walked rather unsteadily to where his greatcoat was thrown over a chair. Bringing it to the girl he draped it carefully over her shoulders. Griselda was not cold, but she would gladly have worn the man’s coat in the center of a furnace.

“I had so sharp a fear they might hurt you,” he murmured, when he had her safely back into his arms again, greatcoat and all. The lines on his face testified to the strain his too active imagination had put upon him.

Again the girl’s impulse was to heal. She said quickly, “You did not know of it, but I had overheard Lord Ronyl saying he’d be willing to marry me to control my fortune. I believed I was safe. Why murder anyone when a marriage is so much easier and more rewarding—financially, I mean,” she hurried to add as she realized how the man would take what she had said.

Fallon threw back his head and shouted with laughter. “Oh, Mistress Meek, I do love you! Let us hasten to discover if indeed marriage is more rewarding!” His gray eyes, cool and reserved no longer, dwelled with open adoration on her rosy face, so close to his own. “Much as I am enjoying this bucolic interlude,” he teased her, “I must in all honor get you safe back to your own home at once.”

“I am in my own home in your arms. I want no other,” Griselda said steadily. It was true. She had never felt so secure, so beloved in the luxury of Thornapple Square.

Timothy Fallon, ex-gamester, placed his lips against the palm of her small hand. And his voice was not steady as he said, softly, “It’s prudent I am to be marrying a wealthy woman, for surely a man as lucky in love as I am could never again have any luck at all with the cards!”





THE KING’S DOLL





Elizabeth Chater





Table of Contents The King’s Doll

Prelude

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16





Prelude



Calais



One stormy evening about dusk, a luxurious, unmarked carriage pulled up before the doors of the Golden Swan, the best hostelry in Calais. With a flurry of outriders and grooms, and under the watchful eyes of two mounted soldiers, the three occupants of the coach were helped down onto the slimy cobblestones of the inn. First came two elegantly dressed females, then a rather pompous, worried-looking middle-aged gentleman. The innkeeper bowed them obsequiously into the building, promising every attention and comfort to milord and his party while they waited to embark upon the ship for Dover. The innkeeper himself ushered the ladies and their escort into a private room where a bright fire already burned to welcome them. Servants scurried in with glasses of the finest cognac to restore the guests’ spirits after their exhausting journey from Paris.

An interested witness to this impressive arrival was a tall, lean Englishman in a well-fitting riding coat, high boots of an impressive luster, and pristine buckskins, who was lounging in a window embrasure. His dark, saturnine face and sinewy body had a certain raffish charm. At least it attracted the attention of the elder of the two ladies, a ripely lovely dame who cast a speculative look from under her extraordinary eyelashes at the dashing Englishman.

The gentleman, whose name was Sir Hilary Conray, acknowledged her interest with a small knowing smile. He bowed slightly, eyebrows raised in tribute to her beauty. The lady permitted herself an answering smile as, having finished her cordial, she followed the innkeeper upstairs.

Her female companion, at the moment rather eclipsed under a truly impressive bonnet, was now the object of the Englishman’s scrutiny. He was surprised to discover that she was even more beautiful, as well as much younger, than her companion. She was at the moment favoring him with a very sharp and rather quelling glance as she hurried off after her fellow traveler. Their escort, still appearing worried, stood staring down into the fire. He had obviously not noticed the little exchange of glances.

Their host returned, coughed deferentially to attract the man’s attention, and offered to lead him to his own room.

Sir Hilary waited until the landlord, still bustling, had sent pots of coffee and trays of new-baked bread and pâté up to the guests’ rooms to sustain their strength until a proper dinner could be dished up. Then, the Englishman casually suggested that he buy his host a drink.

Anxiously to display his own consequence by boasting of his important customers, the innkeeper readily agreed. Over his best cognac he was easily persuaded to tell all he knew about his aristocratic guests. It appeared that the whole inn, with of course the exception of Sir Hilary’s own room, had been engaged for the accommodation of this special party of travelers.

“The Golden Swan, of course, is well and favorably known to fastidious travelers from as far off as Paris and even London,” he boasted. Then, in a portentously lowered tone, he added, “An equerry from King Louis himself came here two days ago and engaged my assistance in providing asylum and comfort for three very important persons—personal friends of His Majesty! They are to stay the night. Then at dawn they embark upon a specially chartered yacht which will deliver them to Dover without loss of time!”

The lean gentleman appeared suitably impressed. He even went so far as to suggest another round, at his expense of course. The host insisted that it was his privilege. When the business of pouring and savoring was completed, the innkeeper continued even more expansively. “The equerry, who must of course be nameless, let drop a few crumbs of information.”

Say, rather, thought Sir Hilary sardonically, that you quizzed his servants. However he nodded as though deeply impressed.

The innkeeper continued. “It appears that the older lady has been a friend—a very dear friend!—of our beloved monarch. Now that things are becoming so unsettled in Paris, Madame la Comtesse is to spend some time in England, where malcontents and rabble-rousers are kept in better control.” Both men solemnly toasted this thought, and the innkeeper’s red face puffed angrily as he went on. “How long must decent folk suffer the insolence of these sansculottes? It is very bad for trade! I hope His Majesty will adopt a firm tone with them, the scum!”

The Englishman nodded as though in solemn agreement, but his thoughts were racing. He must learn more about the delightfully provocative female who had given him that most seductive signal. Was she a spy, an agent provocateur, or merely some princeling’s bored or apprehensive mistress? Could she even be, as the landlord claimed, a mistress to Louis himself? He grinned sardonically. In his business, one heard remarkable snippets of information, which must be carefully sifted and reported. The lady was worth his attention in any case. He had rarely seen so lovely and provocative a woman. If she was good enough for royalty, he decided cynically, she should be rewarding game. There might be much to discover . . . but there would be obstacles . . .

“Are the older gentleman and the young lady her family, do you know?” he asked casually.

“The nobleman,” corrected his host smugly, “is a courier, an escort assigned to get them safely to the ship.” He explained loftily: “The child is the daughter of the Comtesse.”

Sir Hilary’s eyebrows rose involuntarily. That radiant little beauty, dressed in the first stare of fashion, scented, exquisite, with an arrogant lift to her small, bonneted head, a child? . . . “Indeed?” he said. “The lady does not seem old enough to have so mature a child.”

This naïveté permitted the innkeeper to smile patronizingly. “Madame la Comtesse, as do all the ladies of the Court, brings to her aid le maquillage, that is, paints and lotions, essences and cosmetic aids which restore to the—ah—more mature woman the glow of youth.”

“Indeed?” commented the Englishman again.

His questions had rather put the innkeeper upon his guard, reminding him that he spoke of His Majesty’s protégée. He put down his glass and rose from the table. This Englishman, although a frequent, generous and approachable guest, was after all a foreigner. The host moved away with a murmured excuse.

Sir Hilary was not unhappy to see him go. The fellow had furnished enough information to alert Conray. If he could by some means manage to get aboard the yacht, he might be able to arrange a closer connection with the very attractive and knowledgeable older woman. Sir Hilary began to consider stratagems to avoid the pompous courier and the lovely but suspicious daughter. The latter would be no loss. Conray was not attracted to green girls, no matter how beautiful, preferring the sweet ripeness of maturity. No doubt the little chit was overindulged and self-willed, and would make his task difficult. It was inevitable, also, that the man had received instructions to guard the noble courtesan carefully. Getting to her might prove most difficult.

Next morning, his task was easier than he had anticipated. It appeared that the exalted Protector had required his courier only to see the Comtesse and her daughter safely on board the Triton. In fact, her guide bade her good-bye with obvious relief. Sir Hilary, up betimes and with his Spartan wardrobe neatly packed in one small portmanteau, lingered near a storage shed in the misty dawn and watched the two women embarking upon the trim little vessel while servants waited to carry two trunks aboard. Rather a paltry sendoff for the King’s ladylove, Hilary decided.

When the Frenchman turned and walked away, Sir Hilary strolled over to the ship. Seamen were readying the sails and releasing the hawsers which had held the Triton to the quay.

“I am to accompany the Comtesse and her daughter to England,” Hilary told one of the seamen, coolly flipping his portmanteau onto the deck as he stepped aboard.

A petty officer came forward to challenge him.

“I am sent by the British Government to escort these ladies to London,” he said, anticipating the officer’s questions. “You know, of course, the importance of this mission. I’ll take over as courier from now on.”

Flattered that this tall Englishman should think that he, the second mate, was fully cognizant of the business of the King’s Court, the officer saluted and hurried off, muttering something to the effect that someone should have told the officers of the Triton to expect milord.

The vessel was infinitely more luxurious than any commercial or naval craft. Sir Hilary wondered what nobleman had been persuaded to provide it for this trip. A sailor came to show the Englishman down to a small but attractive cabin and asked him what he would like.

Sir Hilary grinned. “Breakfast,” he said. “I was too early to get any at the inn.” His French was colloquial and easily understood. The sailor grinned back and told m’sieu to repair to the dining salon, where he would be in time to join the ladies at a petit déjeuner.

Madame la Comtesse greeted his arrival with a delighted smile. Sir Hilary introduced himself, and the Comtesse waved one white hand toward the seat at her right. As he took his place at the small table Sir Hilary glanced at the other member of the party. The girl was even more lovely than he had noticed. With the elaborate bonnet removed, her red gold hair waved softly to her shoulders, framing a face whose exquisite features were enough to make even a hardened campaigner like Sir Hilary open his eyes.

The girl was not smiling at him. A dark frown threatened storms to come, and she glared at her maman with an accusing scowl. “Did you invite this—this person to join us, Dani?” she demanded. “Remember that Uncle Louis instructed you to depart with the utmost circumspection!”

“I am to be your guide and escort to London,” Sir Hilary interposed swiftly. “I am sure neither His Britannic Majesty nor Mr. William Pitt would wish you to be running loose in the countryside—”

He caught a flash of warning from the older woman, and paused.

“And who,” demanded the chit, “is William Pitt?”

“Our Prime Minister,” said Sir Hilary smoothly and smiled.

The girl still scowled, but she turned back to her meal and said no more until she had finished, at which time she rose, gave her mother a minatory glance, and left the dining salon.

“Phew!” breathed Sir Hilary; he grinned ruefully at his companion.

“You are a naughty man,” the Comtesse informed him with a charming gurgle of laughter. “I am sure Mr. William Pitt never heard of you! I saw you lounging in the room at the Golden Swan last night, and knew you at once, sir, for exactly what you are!”

Since this knowledge did not seem to disgust her, rather to amuse her, Sir Hilary smiled warmly back into her inviting eyes.

“Did you indeed, madame?” he teased gently.

“Now I wonder just what knavish role you assign me? In point of fact, I am Sir Hilary Conray, gentleman-at-leisure, and very much at the service of the Comtesse. That much I know,” he added with a charming smile, “but Countess of what? And above all, what is your first name?”

She gave him an archly seductive glance. “I am Danielle de Granville, widow of the Comte de Granville. He was,” she added contemplatively, “a crotchety old Breton who never really liked me, although he did give me my adorable little doll, Tiri, who has just left us in un emportement . . . How do you say in English?”

“In a huff,” supplied Sir Hilary. “Does it bother you that your daughter doesn’t like me?”

“She liked King Louis,” the widow said. “I fear he spoiled her. When I first came to Court, eight years ago, she was a darling child of nine, as pretty as she is now, and very anxious to have a father to love. Louis used to call her his poupée dorée, and he indulged her ridiculously.”

“Poupée dorée—golden doll?” translated Sir Hilary. “But her hair is more red than gold, and she seems to have a temper to match! Now your hair is true soft gold. Do you have a heart to match?” he teased her. “Madame la Comtesse?”

The woman refused to commit herself. “Call me Dani.”

“Shall you stay long in London?” probed Sir Hilary.

Dani’s face lost a little of its glow. “Forever,” she said quietly. “This is dismissal. Louis and his ministers are anxiously seeking ways to pacify his critics among the aristocracy, as well as the evolutionary elements. The Queen has her adherents, and they cry daily that Her Majesty is affronted by the King’s belles amies. So Louis arranged this journey for me and bade me farewell. I am,” she concluded wryly, “cast-off . . . abandoned!”

Sir Hilary laughed at this provocative frankness and bent over her white hand. “That can be very pleasant,” he teased, “to be—abandoned!” Then, smiling at her puzzled look, he whispered, “Let me show you what I mean, Dani.” He kissed her hand and held her soft palm against his face; his kisses interspersed with little nibbles at the soft pads of flesh.

Dani, restored to her usual good humor by these attentions, bent toward him with warm eyes and smile. “Perhaps this journey to nowhere may be more interesting than I had expected,” she breathed, and met the challenging eyes he lifted to her face.





Chapter 1



London



The new Duke of Lansdale entered his mother’s drawing room with a smile of such smug complacence that she immediately realized that her plans were in danger. It had been a year almost to the day since his father died; a year during which she had worked and connived and battled without quarter to establish the same dominance over her only child as she successfully exerted over his father, the late Duke. So far, all she had proved was that Daral was of a different metal from his papa. George Lansdale had been a morose, sullen man who had never forgiven his own father for saddling him with Lady Letitia Mall as a wife. Rather than engage in the endless bickering which she enjoyed, George retreated physically to his country estates or his hunting box wherever he could, and when he was unable to get away, he went into a kind of mental retreat which discouraged instruction. Since Lady Letitia refused to leave London, they were happily separated for most of the year. However, George held the pursestrings, and steadfastly refused to make repairs on the London house Letitia had brought to their marriage and in which she insisted upon living. Thus it grew shabbier and more dismal year by year. The Duchess had more than enough in her own right to finance any changes she cared to make, but she was by nature unwilling to spend a farthing which was not essential to her own health, and she had determined that all the upkeep of her home should be the responsibility of her husband.

When George died the previous year, Letitia had at first no suspicion that in her son she would find a very different customer. True, the new Duke refused to quarrel with her, even as had his father, but he had a sharp tongue and a life-long sense of distaste for this domineering female who had made his father’s life a misery. When she informed Daral that he would have to give her the funds to have the townhouse refurbished, he smiled and informed her that he was building his own house in a much more elegant neighborhood. When she instructed him to propose marriage to his cousin, Lady Bridget Mall, he told his mama he would rather marry the griffin on the family coat of arms. From the day of his accession to the title, Daral had not spent a night in his mother’s house, and the duchess was at her wit’s end for a method of bringing him to heel.

On this day he had come at her urgent summons to pick up a letter from the King of France. At first, receiving a personal visit from his mother’s butler with the message, the Duke had been sure that this was some new ploy to inveigle him into her house. What could the King of France want with the new Duke of Lansdale? Scanning his mama’s frantic demand for his presence, it occurred to him that it was to his father than the note had been sent. Yet surely King Louis had too much to worry him in France to bother keeping track of an acquaintance made years before with an English nobleman! A hoax, then? Still, Fallow’s real alarm moved the Duke to stroll over the townhouse, particularly since he had an item of news to impart which would, he hoped, cause the Duchess to give up their running battle at last.

As the Duke entered his mother’s drawing room, she became aware at once that she would have a battle royal upon her hands if she hoped to have any success at all in accomplishing her current scheme. Daral was so cool, so self-possessed—so damnably good-looking! She gathered her wits for the attack.

“It took you long enough to get here!” was her opening volley.

“Ever gracious!” murmured her son, smiling. “How is your health, dear Mama?”

Normally good for ten minutes of self-pity and veiled accusations of heartless behavior on her son’s part, the subject of her health was today ignored by Lady Letitia. “The King of France wishes you to sponsor some females he is getting rid of.” She dropped her bombshell with as much venom as she could. “Your father’s behavior while he visited Versailles and Paris was probably so licentious that the French monarch feels he would welcome two—”

She was stopped by her son’s uplifted hand, but even more by the look on his face. “De mortuis nil nisi bonum,” he intoned in a low voice, and then, with a show of pity for her noncomprehension, he translated: “Of the dead, speak nothing but good, Mama! Father has gone to his rest. Let us not belabor his name.”

He really looked so handsome, standing in the light of the many-candled chandelier, his golden head gleaming, his dark green velvet coat almost the exact color of his remarkable eyes, that his mama felt a strong emotion to . . . do what? She had never practiced either love or gentleness with her family, and she did not even recognize the tenderer emotions when they tried to struggle through the hard shell that years of selfish, insensitive behavior had built. She shrugged her bony shoulders and changed her direction.

“Well, as Duke you must receive the message, and it is for you to act upon it as you wish. I do not wish these foreign females to stay in my house!”

“How did you know the letter concerned two female protégées of King Louis?” the Duke asked idly, making a business of seating himself in a chair opposite his mother’s.

His mama fell into the trap. “I read—” she began, and then paused as she observed his bitter smile. “It was addressed to your father,” she tried to excuse herself.

“But my father has been dead for over a year. Is the envelope inscribed to George, Duke of Lansdale? Perhaps you should let me see this so-urgent communication.”

Silently she handed the heavy vellum to him. The Duke scanned the superscription carefully. As he had expected, it was addressed only to His Grace, the Duke of Lansdale. Without glancing at his mother, Daral opened the missive and extracted the note within. It was evidently written by Louis himself, a wretched scrawl. Probably did not wish to trust the incriminating contents to the eyes of any secretary, however loyal, thought the Duke cynically. The note was brief. It stated that Danielle, Comtesse de Granville, and her daughter, Tiri, were valued friends of Louis, who requested that his old friend George, Duke of Lansdale would accept the two ladies into his household and present them to their Britannic Majesties at a suitable opportunity. In addition, he would be pleased to have the Duchess sponsor Mademoiselle Tiri into English Society—“so little Tiri may make a good marriage. I have known la petite poupée dorée since she was nine years old,” the note continued with considerably more warmth than the first half had evinced. “She is a charming child and should do well. It should be a pleasure for you to have her in your house,” added the King; he then expressed brief thanks and signed the note “Louis” in an almost indecipherable scrawl.

The Duke stared thoughtfully at the hastily written message. “I wonder how she forced him to write this,” he mused.

“I should think it would be easy enough to guess,” snapped his mother. “That kind of woman!—”

“But the daughter?”

“Louis’s, of course!”

“When he expressly informs us he met her when she was nine years old?” mocked her son, his fine eyes glinting like emeralds.

“All lies,” the Duchess sniffed. “Men!” This last was uttered in a tone of such loathing that the Duke gave his mother an assessing stare.

“I hardly think the King of France would wish to force an illegitimate daughter upon the King and Queen of England,” he said, his mildness a rebuke to her venom, “much less propose that she be introduced as a débutante by you, my dear Mama. No, we shall probably find that she really is the child of some petty nobleman. And you do not have to introduce the mother,” he added, with a false kindliness which set his mama’s teeth on edge.

“I shall accept neither of the females into my house,” she said coldly. “Since you have so much admiration for your papa, you may take over his responsibilities.”And then she presented the ultimatum which had occurred to her as a solution of her greatest problem. “Unless, of course, you wish to return to live here as you should do. In such case, I would agree to chaperone these—women.”

The duke, still smiling, dropped his own bomb. “I am to move into my new home this afternoon,” he informed her. “It is in Grosvenor Square, and I think you will agree it is much more beautiful and impressive than this house. It will, of course, be known as Lansdale House, the official London residence of the Duke.” He gave her the small smile she so detested. “You will have to retitle this place Mall House, will you not? Since it was your father’s home, or his father’s? Or perhaps you will choose to call it the Dower House?”

He watched the changing expressions which moved over her features—shock, chagrin, rage. Perhaps it was unworthy of him to use her so? Then, remembering the years of his father’s martyrdom, he hardened his heart.

Lady Letitia surprised him again with her strength. “Whatever I call it, my house will not be open to entertain a pair of soiled women,” she said harshly. “You had better make arrangements to receive them in your fine new home at once. I have just had a note from the older female, who urges that I permit them to call upon me without delay. I’ll send them off to you.”

The Duke acknowledged the hit. “You know that without a suitable chaperone I cannot house such ladies in a bachelor’s establishment,” he said; then, shrewdly, “What would dear Lady Bridget say?”

This was a telling blow. For three years Lady Letitia had tried to force his distant cousin, Lady Bridget Mall, down her son’s throat. The girl was presentable, but there was something about her eyes which reminded him too much of his mother. The very thought of marrying Bridget sent a cold chill through Daral’s body. Better, as he had perhaps inadvisably retorted, to marry a bronze griffin than that hard-eyed, cold-hearted girl. Perhaps he could use his mother’s matchmaking plans to fight off this latest challenge. “You know our dear little cousin would never agree to marry me if I had two dazzling French courtesans in residence!”

This brilliant riposte quite halted Lady Letitia’s attack. She glared at her son, disbelief warring with hope, anger warring with dismay.

“Are you telling me you are considering offering marriage to your cousin?” she managed at length.

The Duke shrugged airily. “I should be wasting my time even considering such a course if I am compelled to house two ladies of questionable virtue in a bachelor’s ménage,” he said, “and no, do not tell me again that I must return to live in your house. I shall not do so.”

The Duchess tightened her lips. He had bested her again! He knew—the devil!—that she wanted above all things to marry him off to the daughter of her childhood crony and cousin. Once safely tied to the formidable Lady Bridget Mall, Daral would soon become amenable to, if not enthusiastic about, her demands. She acknowledged defeat in characteristic fashion.

“When is the engagement to be announced?”

“When I am satisfied that King Louis’s two protégés are well and truly launched into London’s Beau Monde,” said the Duke crisply. “If there is any trouble, any spreading of scurrilous rumor, even if your hand is not obvious in the canard, I shall of course offer for some other lady.” At her gasp of surprise, he continued, smoothly, “Oh, I have listened to your tirades over the last year, Mama, and I begin to think there is much in what you say. The Line needs an heir. If not Bridget, perhaps some other well-born female will suit my requirements. There are two beautiful girls of even better lineage than Bridget among the débutantes this season, had you noticed? Perhaps Lansdale would benefit from an infusion of nobler blood than the Malls’.”

The Duchess set her teeth. He had her there, as well! She was an ambitious woman, but she had not let her obsession with controlling her son blind her to the larger opportunities that his title, his wealth, and his personal beauty could provide. And yet! It had been her dream for so long that her son should marry the daughter of her cousin and best friend! She nodded her head, conceding yet another victory to this unnatural child.

“I shall receive the King’s—protégées here tomorrow,” she agreed. “You will of course be here?”

The victor had no intention of conceding an inch. “I shall try to, Mama, I shall try!” he sighed theatrically. “Moving one’s household to a new home is so demanding!—”

He rose, bowed in correct form, and departed, leaving his enraged mama to pace her dingy drawing room in a fury of envy and frustration.





Chapter 2



Tiri de Granville scowled at the imposing mansion before which the hired carriage had stopped. It seemed to the girl that she had been traveling a great deal of late, arriving at temporary stopping places where she was neither known nor particularly welcome. It was too much to hope, the thought came despairingly, that this gloomy chateau in dank, rainy London would be any different. Why should an English Duke and Duchess make welcome two unknown foreigners? And more especially, a Frenchwoman whose maman had been singled out by the King of France for special favor? Though she was only seventeen, Tiri was bright and alert and knowledgeable beyond her years. She had heard and understood only too well the sniggering hints and innuendoes which had been bandied about the inner circles at Versailles. She lifted her chin proudly. Her own lineage was flawless. Her papa had been the Sieur de Granville, a crabbed but fiercely proud Breton whose line could be traced back to the thirteenth century. And it was not Tiri’s fault that her beautiful maman had left Brittany the day he died, taking her child with her, and never returned to the estate that was now the property of a distant cousin of the ’Sieur. Dani de Granville had been under the patronage of a charming Marquis when King Louis beheld her, and had been the monarch’s special friend since that day; she was cheerful, undemanding, reassuring. Probably one of his few real friends, thought Tiri crossly, recalling the lonely, austere Monarch whose irresolution and lack of political shrewdness was costing him his throne.

The girl shrugged. Her maman had a letter from the King to this Duke, requesting him to give a home to his great friend and her daughter until they could find suitable quarters for themselves. Then last night, in the small but clean hotel that Sir Hilary had found for them, Dani admitted that the King had not bestowed upon her the largesse which the Englishman, and indeed, Tiri herself, had supposed he would do.

“I could not take it,” Dani had leaded. “While I was honored by his friendship, yes! But now, dismissed like a kitchen maid!—I refused the purse the offered me.”

“Good God!” breathed Sir Hilary, and viewed Dani very thoughtfully.

Tiri was less restrained. “Maman!” she half wailed, “you did not set off to a foreign country with only a few francs in your reticule? What are we to do?”

“The Duke of Lansdale will provide,” said Dani a trifle austerely. “We have Louis’s word on it.”

“But for how long?” demanded Tiri. “And with what lack of enthusiasm? We cannot even offer vails to his servants! Nor, for that matter, can we pay the bill at this —inn!” And she glared at the blameless Sir Hilary as though he were the villain of the piece.

Hilary found himself grinning. “I admit that the Bull and Crown is not Versailles,” he teased, “but you are my guests here, and I shall see you safely to your ducal mansion.” He gave Dani a particularly warm smile. And when this tetchy little daughter of yours is safely shackled, that smile seemed to promise, perhaps you and I? . . .

Dani’s answering smile set his heart to pounding. Even Tiri was caught by the gentle sweetness and promise in her mother’s countenance.

But that had been last night, at the Bull and Crown. Today the two women faced a difficult interview. “Foisting ourselves upon complete strangers,” Tiri had muttered crossly.

Dani had not attempted to soothe her daughter’s fears. “Yes, in a sense I suppose that is exactly what we shall be doing in a few minutes,” she admitted coolly. “But our sponsor is unexceptionable, and if we behave as women of breeding, we shall be accepted. You, at least, will be accepted. I shall make it clear that I do not wish to be introduced into the Haut Ton. My association with Louis will no doubt leak out, and I have no desire to encounter snubs and cold shoulders from haughty dames who could not lure their own husbands into their beds!”

Tiri stared wide-eyed at her maman. It was the first time she had heard a note of bitterness in her mother’s voice. “But what will you do?”—she faltered.

“I shall behave very much as the elderly chaperone, refuse to attend most parties; I shall sit along the wall with the dowagers if compelled to go. I shall play least-in-sight,” she added with relish.

Sir Hilary! thought Tiri. He has been teaching her his English patois—cant, it was called in London. She frowned. “And after I am suitably betrothed—if indeed such a feat is not beyond even a Duke’s power—what will you do then?”

“I shall marry Sir Hilary,” announced Dani happily.

This was worse than Tiri had feared. Her maman had succumbed to the persuasions of the raffish Sir Hilary! Her mother, reading her expression correctly, gave her charming gurgle of laughter.

“Tiri! Your expression! Is it that you do not wish Maman to make un manage de convenance?”

“An arranged marriage, yes! That would give you security in this cold, unfriendly land. But Sir Hilary! Maman, is it true he has offered to marry you?”

Dani looked delightfully wicked. “Not yet, poor man! But he will think of it soon enough, I promise you. I shall see to that!”

Tiri found herself quite unable to respond to such lighthearted folly. If Dani had succumbed to Sir Hilary’s undoubted charm, he would no doubt lose little time in setting up a ménage â deux in his small but luxurious lodgings, which he had given them a glimpse of yesterday evening. It was obvious this limited accommodation did not provide room for a young girl. Tiri’s only hope was that Dani would remain with her until she was safely launched as King Louis had originally planned. She glanced at her mother as the coach, hired by Sir Hilary, trundled along the road. Thank goodness that volatile little lady had agreed to come with her! It would have been too embarrassing to approach a stiff English nobleman and his lady by herself and request that they give her shelter.

The coachman was down off the box and holding the door open. Dani accepted his hand to descend to the flagstones before the massive, gloomy residence Tiri, hopping down lightly, felt herself shiver. To be forced to live in this mausoleum would be bad enough. To live there without Maman’s cheerful insouciance would be disaster! Sir Hilary must be discouraged! She turned to her mother with the intention of urging one final plea—

Too late. The heavy doors were swinging open, a butler and two footmen in somber liveries ushered the visitors into a barnlike hall which smelt, to Tiri’s sensitive nostrils, both musty and damp. Then the butler was ushering the ladies into a cavernous drawing room filled too full of ancient, heavy furniture.

“Your Grace!” he announced. “The Comtesse de Granville and Mademoiselle de Granville!”

He didn’t do that too badly, considered the girl. He got his tongue around the French quite competently. Perhaps he’s been practicing. Dani had written her note to the Duke two days ago, explaining the situation in detail. Yesterday the reply had come, inviting them to call today at three. So here they were.

The gaunt female who stood staring at them was enough to daunt the stoutest heart, Tiri decided. She was very plain-looking, and although she was dressed formally, it was not, to the French girl’s knowledgeable gaze, in high style. It was in fact a conservative rendering of a fashion several years out of date at the French Court. The lady appeared to be scrutinizing her two visitors with less than enthusiasm. After too long a wait she moved forward a step and indicated two chairs.

“Will you be seated? Then perhaps we can discuss this—this matter.”

All three ladies seated themselves. For once Dani’s lighthearted aplomb seemed to have deserted her. After a pause, she dipped into her charming reticule and drew out a lace handkerchief scented with a ravishing perfume. The Duchess’s nostrils flared.

“Did the Duke have time to read the letter from King Louis, Your Grace?” Dani asked in her prettily accented English. “I had hoped to speak to him today—but since he seems not to be here . . .” she ended upon a soft note of inquiry.

The Englishwoman stared down her long nose at the delicately painted, tastefully gowned females. She dared not permit the creatures to worm their way into Daral’s good graces. To have them as his guests would do irreparable harm to Letitia’s plans. She must appear to accept their presence in her own home with equanimity—but must try to make them so uncomfortable that they would return to France—or at least go elsewhere in London to stay! Armed with this resolve, she said nastily, “My husband has been dead for over a year. I am scarcely out of black gloves and cannot guarantee that you and the young miss will find my activities sufficiently amusing to entertain you. My son, the present Duke, may attend us—hopes to attend us later this afternoon. Unavoidable business has prevented his being here to greet you.” She frowned heavily. “Since I am to be involved in this visit, perhaps you will tell me just what is your purpose in coming to this house.” Perhaps that will get rid of them before Daral sets eyes upon them, she thought spitefully.

Tiri caught her breath at the crude challenge in the Duchess’s remarks. Either the woman was completely insensitive, a boor, or else she was angry at the arrival of the Frenchwomen. The girl stared hard and tried to read the pinched, narrow features beneath the unfashionable wig.

Dani had recovered her composure. “I shall be happy to explain the situation to you, Your Grace,” she said, in that soft voice that men found so pleasing. “King Louis has requested asylum for me and my daughter in London until the current unrest in Paris has settled. The King had some knowledge of your husband?” She interrupted herself and glanced with inquiry at the older woman.

“Yes,” that dame said grudgingly, “my husband did visit the French Court some years ago, and he was presented to your monarch. He sometimes spoke of his—of his experiences in Paris. King Louis was graciously pleased to include my husband in several of his entertainments.”

“That is what I was given to understand by His Majesty,” Dani went on pleasantly. “When it became apparent that difficult times loomed ahead, many of the nobility decided to seek new homes in other countries, where the system of monarchy was still respected. Some of them chose the hospitable shores of England for this retreat,” she added. “King Louis most kindly assisted us to reach this haven.”

“There is trouble in France, then?” Her Grace asked. “We hear so many rumors these days . . . but I am not really interested in foreign politics.”

“There is indeed much trouble in my beautiful France,” Dani admitted sorrowfully. “Some chateaux have already been overrun by rioting mob of peasants, and a few have actually been looted and burned to the ground.”

Her Grace did not appear too anguished over the plight of the foreign noblemen, merely remarking that, “We do things better here in England, ma’am.”

“I hope you will continue to do so, ma’am,” replied her guest a shade tartly.

The Duchess frowned. “My son, the present Duke of Lansdale, has suggested that we keep you here until you can find quarters more suitable to your needs. My son’s agent, Ian Campbell, is already searching for a residence that you might wish to consider. Perhaps you will speak to him. You can inform him as to what money you wish to spend upon your purchase.” She stared at them disparagingly.

Dani, affronted at this rudeness, was still aware of the vulnerability of her position. She had no money of her own beyond the few francs she had in her reticule. The two de Granville women were, in fact, dependent upon Sir Hilary for the roof over their heads and the very food they placed in their mouths. He was not averse to helping them—on the contrary, he implied frequently that a closer relationship would suit him very well, but it must not become known that the Frenchwomen were staying with such a raffish English bachelor. Such a rumor would put finish to any hope of Tiri’s making a good marriage. So, somehow, Dani must arrange that they stay here with this sour harridan until Tiri was safely wed. Dani took a deep, restorative breath and focused a bland smile upon the Duchess.

“When I meet with your King George later this week, I shall be sure to mention your—ah—courteous reception of us,” she promised sweetly.

This shot went home. The Duchess looked alarmed. It had not occurred to her that this foreign female might have entrée to the English Court. Hastily she revised her strategy. “But of course you will both move in here today,” she hastened to say. “My son has suggested that rooms be prepared for you and has already instructed the servants to place themselves at your disposal. Perhaps you would care to repair to your suite now?” She ran over in her mind the instructions that she, not Daral, had given her staff. She would have to amend them at once—as soon as these wretched foreigners went upstairs.

On their part, the “foreigners” were thankful to get away from the oppressive atmosphere of the gloomy drawing room. They followed their reluctant hostess back into the hall, where the Duchess gave them into the care of Mrs. Dodge, the housekeeper, a dour-faced female in a lugubrious black dress with a large bunch of jangling keys hanging from a heavy belt.

“Feudal!” breathed Dani, with a mischievous twinkle at the keys. Tiri was not amused. Following her mother and the housekeeper up the dark, uncarpeted stairway, the girl was, for the first time in her life, prey to despair. Tiri was not stupid, and the signs had been clear to read of late. Maman, with all her worldly knowledge, was incredibly naive if she believed that she could behave as she had done when she was a charming, amusing friend of a harassed monarch. Here in England she was on very shaky ground indeed. Her only friend was an English nobleman of dubious authenticity, whose patronage would do her more harm than good. The English ruling class, for all the licentiousness of its male members, had strict rules of conduct, of which the most important one was: Be discreet. This much she had picked up from listening to the gossip around Versailles.

When the housekeeper left them, Dani advised her that the trunks would be delivered that afternoon. Mrs. Dodge agreed to have them brought up the moment they arrived, with a maid to unpack them. After the woman left, Dani stood in the middle of the cheerless room and stared around her. Then she walked to the connecting door and gave Tiri’s room an equally thorough inspection. She quirked an eyebrow at her daughter.

“Not exactly Versailles, is it? Nor even the Rue du Rhône.”

King Louis had given Dani a charming little apartment on that quiet street, a place for him to slip away to when he could steal an hour or so, and for Dani and Tiri to live in when Louis was busy or otherwise engaged, which was most of the time. Tiri, unhappy at the loneliness, had asked her maman why they should have to spend so much time alone in the apartment.

“It is important,” Dani had told her, “that one should not be too available. Or too visible,” she had added with a wry smile. While she had held a certain place as the widow of the bearer of an ancient title, Dani had been subject to criticism and scorn when she became Louis’s mistress. Her position, and that of her daughter, would be even more precarious in London. Only King Louis’s parting gesture, the letters to the Duke and to George III, stood between the two women and disaster.

With a little sob, Dani held out her arms. Tiri ran to her, feeling more like the mother than the daughter as she held her maman close and patted her shoulder. It was fortunate that a maid brought up tea at this moment and set it on a small table. While Tiri suspected that this courtesy was extended by the Duchess to avoid the necessity of sharing tea with her guests downstairs, she was glad to have it. Both women marveled at the amount and variety of food the English deemed necessary to sustain the body until dinner. After eating nearly everything, however, they sat back and smiled at one another.

“Bon! I am now ready to face even that dragon downstairs! And her son. One wonders if he is like his mama?”

“One hopes not!” shuddered Tiri. “Two such dragons in the same cave would be unendurable!”

They shared a laugh at the description of the ducal mansion, and both felt better for it. Tiri was pleased that her impulsive and rather spoiled maman was taking this new development so lightheartedly. Perhaps they might be able to establish themselves in spite of the unpleasant Duchess and her invisible son. In a few days, one could catch one’s breath, recuperate from the rigors of that headlong flight from Paris, and have leisure to decide upon the best course of action. If Maman really did have a note from Louis to the English King, it would certainly be more impressive to deliver it in a ducal carriage than in a hired hackney.

And if there was no note?

Tiri drew a shuddering breath. Surely in a city the size of London there would be something a girl could do—some decent employment that would enable her to keep herself and her mother. For she did not want Maman to enter into a liaison with Sir Hilary Conray! She did not trust him. There was something about him that suggested a more sinister purpose than a simple seduction of the charming Countess he had met so casually in Calais.

The long afternoon dragged for the two women. Tiri spent time helping the maid unpack the trunks, and then, when their few but exquisite costumes were safely disposed in the cavernous wardrobe, the girl wandered through the austere suite, considering what could be done to brighten it up for Dani’s comfort. Tiri feared that her mother would never be content to remain in such depressing surroundings. Already her pretty mouth was drooping forlornly. Soon it would harden into a stubborn line of rejection—and she would begin to fret for the dashing English milord. What arguments could Tiri use to keep Dani here long enough to accomplish the introduction to Polite Society? Long enough even to find some other refuge than Sir Hilary?

Reinforcing Tiri’s worst fears, Dani said abruptly. “I shall remain in this dungeon only long enough to see you safely embarked upon your Season, ma petite, and then disappear. You may tell everyone I have returned to the de Granville estates in Brittany.”

“Think of the scandal it would create if you suddenly disappeared!” protested Tiri. “King Louis would be sure to hear of it. Think how disappointed he will be after all his trouble in seeing us safely ensconced in England!—”

Dani laughed scornfully.

“My poor child, Louis no longer cares what happens to either of us. He has his own troubles! Oh, he was generous in getting us away from Paris, where we had no future in any circles we might be able to enter, but his concern was chiefly because I had become an embarrassment to him. His ministers and the Queen were urging him to give not even the slightest excuse for scandal at the moment. No, my dear Tiri, this must be a new life for us both. There is nothing for either of us in your father’s demesne. I think I have found my destiny,” she said warmly. “I may even be able to convince my Englishman that he wishes to marry me!”

With her lips open to protest, Tiri was silenced by her mother’s evident joy. “You would really consider?—” she began doubtfully.

“I have never met a man who attracted me so strongly,” Dani confessed quietly. “Now I have only to persuade him!” She smiled at the girl. “But first, ma chére enfant, we must find a suitable parti for you! I am afraid we’ll need the Duke’s sponsorship for that. So fortunate that your father was a nobleman of ancient lineage,” she added, grinning like a gamine.

Tiri was so grateful that her maman was speaking more cheerfully that she began to grin also. “Do you really have a letter from Uncle Louis for the English King?” she asked.

Dani nodded. “It should be enough to insure your being presented at Court. That will smooth our path.”

“How do you know what’s in it?” worried Tiri.

“I stood at his shoulder as he wrote it,” confessed Dani. Her expression became contemplative. “Poor Louis! He always seems to make such a muddle of the simplest things! I do hope he will be able to rescue himself and his family from his désastre! Il fait toujours des etourderies!” She sighed, shaking her head over the poor judgment and irresolute behavior of her former protector. “Well!” she rallied, “we must find ways to persuade this English Duke who plays least-in-sight to give a ball for you, my dear one.” Her expression became dreamy as she scrutinized her daughter’s slender elegance in a silk gown which exactly matched her hair. “If we cannot catch you an eligible bachelor with your looks, ma poupée, the English must be blind!”





Chapter 3



As the day advanced, however, Dani’s mood became depressed again. No one came near the two Frenchwomen, not even a maid to assist them in dressing for dinner. To keep her maman’s mind busy, Tiri proposed that they help each other dress. “No one knows how to impart a touch of high fashion as well as you do, Dani!”

The older woman immediately became more cheerful and began to mull happily over the choice of costumes and the important question of whether a shawl might be worn to dinner.

“For it is already clear to me that Madame la Duchesse is a penny pincher and probably refuses to have the fires lit unless it is snowing!”

As her maman’s mood lightened, Tiri found her own spirits sinking. How could they exist in this mausoleum? Cold, stale air and ugly furniture one could endure, but the chilling lack of welcome, the complete disregard of her mother’s feelings, demonstrated by their hostess—these could freeze the soul! Protective anger at her mother’s predicament rose in Tiri’s breast. High stickler the Duchess might be, but she was neither poor nor solitary, and could provide more suitably for her guests. Moreover, the Duchess had received a direct request from a reigning monarch—to welcome his personal friends. The Monarch’s slightest wish was equal to a command in his own country, and should be so in the country of an ally. Tiri glanced around the comfortless rooms. Why was there no fire in the grate? Why had not hot water been provided for their use? For that matter, where were the bouquets of flowers, the crystal decanters of fine wine, the bonbons in elegant little china dishes, all of which had graced the guest rooms in the Rue du Rhône? Were the English a race of barbarians? Glancing at her mother’s lovely face, now bent over a box of shawls, Tiri said with false brightness, “I am going to find a maid to help us.”

“Why not just pull the bell rope, dearest?” murmured Dani.

“Like so much else in this place, it does not seem to be working,” replied Tiri crisply.

She went out into the dark hallway and walked down it toward a dim light which came from two candles in a tarnished lamp. This feeble light marked a wide landing at the head of the staircase. The girl paused to look down into the entrance hall just as the butler was opening the heavy front doors to admit a guest. As the man walked in, he was illuminated by the light of a small chandelier. Tiri’s breath caught in her throat. He was the most beautiful young man she had ever seen.

He was wearing a green satin coat and white breeches. His hair was skillfully powdered and tied back with a neat black bow at his nape. An emerald ring gleamed on one slender white hand. His features were handsome, but there was a stubborn set to the well-cut lips. His expression, as far as Tiri could read it, was complacent, even supercilious. He knows his worth, that one! she thought, and then: He finds this dismal place amusing!

The man was speaking at some length, low-voiced, to the butler, and receiving obsequious answers. A horrid thought struck Tiri. Why was the Duchess’s butler so deferential to this newcomer? But if he were the Duke!—

Without giving herself time to consider her action, Tiri called out sharply, “Arrêtez-vous, s’il vous plait!”

The man halted abruptly as she had commanded, and turned to see who had spoken. His eyes widened as he stared up at the small, enchanting figure above him. Dani had chosen a gown of soft silk whose color exactly matched Tiri’s bright hair, and the girl made a colorful picture on the shadowy staircase. After a moment the man asked, incredulously, “Are you Madame la Comtesse?”

“I am Mademoiselle de Granville,” Tiri answered and began to descend the staircase toward him. “And you, sir?”

The classic coldness of his face softened into amusement as he heard her challenge. “I am the Duke of Lansdale,” he said, his deep voice touching Tiri’s nerve-ends to quivering response.

“Then—then you must be our host,” she faltered, pausing just above him.

His smile widened a little unpleasantly, the girl thought. “No, I am as much a guest as yourself,” he said coolly, “in this house.”

“But I understood—Is not this the home of the Duke?”

“The eighth duke—my father,” he corrected her. “It is my mother’s residence. I live elsewhere in London.”

“Oh,” murmured Tiri, deflated. Her first pleasure in this handsome young man was rapidly dissipating. Was the whole family of this unpleasant temperament? “Then why am I—why are we here? Uncle Louis committed us to your care,” she said, with a flare of temper.

“Because I live in a bachelor establishment, quite unsuitable for a young lady and her mama,” the young Duke told her with odious complacence. “To have a young woman, even one so highly sponsored, in my own residence, would be to invite the whispers of all the busybodies in London, and stimulate the matchmakers to a frenzy.”

“Since that was presumably the purpose of this whole exercise,” Tiri said crisply, “I cannot see the harm. You are, I believe, intended to present me to Their Majesties and to Society, and make sure I am betrothed to an appropriate parti.” She heard herself utter this rather callous statement with considerable surprise. It was not normally her custom to speak so rudely, but something about this young nobleman quite disturbed her poise.

He was, in fact, regarding her as though she had affronted his notions of good taste. “Is it always your habit to speak so plainly?” he asked coldly. “I must warn you it will not do in English Society.”

“Of course it is not,” Tiri retorted crossly. “It is just that I have had a perfectly horrid day in this gloomy mausoleum—and if that affronts you, perhaps you might make a push to have your mama brighten up her home.” She peered around the dark-shadowed hall with distaste. “It is no wonder you moved to another mansion!”

He grinned wickedly. “Nasty place, isn’t it? I moved out of it the day I became Duke. But you must remain here, my ambitious little Frenchwoman, if you wish to catch yourself a husband! Oh, I’ll do what’s required to present you, but not a move more, be warned of that! My mother will be responsible for launching you upon the Ton.”

“Then I am sunk already,” snapped Tiri waspishly. “Your mama has been rude and ungracious to my mother and me. We have been left in a wretched, ugly room to our own devices, without a maid, or fire . . . or warm water—” Her voice broke. The Duke thought with a twinge of remorse that she was much younger than he had suspected, and more vulnerable. Knowing his mother, and the lack of amenities in this house, he felt a certain sympathy with the girl. She was such a child!

The child was glaring at him with wrath-filled eyes.

“You are not at all gentil, Your Grace! I had expected that a friend of King Louis would be more agréable!” She caught her breath on a tiny sob. “It is nothing to you or your formidable maman that my mother and I have had a desperate journey from Paris and are abandoned in a strange city at the mercy of cold-hearted English persons!”

“My dear Mademoiselle de Granville,” said the Duke in a voice of icy hauteur, “there are as many different kinds of persons in England as there are among the French. Ignorance, malice, and prejudice are not to be found solely in London. If you are to “take” at Almacks’, you will have to strive for reticence, self-control, and modesty! Even your pet name is an affront to English ears, and I hope you will not try to use it! Poupée dorée!” he uttered in scornful accents.

“That name was given me, in affection, by King Louis!”

“I cannot believe that endeared you particularly to the high sticklers in His Majesty’s Court,” said the Duke with a pitying smile Tiri found detestable. “I must advise you not to boast of the casual favors of Royalty, mademoiselle. They are two-edged.”

“Unlike your own favors,” the girl lashed back, “which have only a killing thrust!”

The Duke surveyed the small defiant figure, the lovely face flushed with anger, the proud chin tilted. Perhaps he also read the hurt in the depths of the big blue eyes, for when he spoke again, his voice held a softer note.

“I came tonight to meet your mother and you, mademoiselle, and to make sure that my mother will put all in train for your presentation to Their Majesties. There is a Drawing Room scheduled for next week—and I have already spoken to King George’s secretary and told him of your letter to His Majesty. You may present it to the King after you make your curtsey.”

Tiri drew a deep breath. The change in the Duke was almost too much for her to adjust to in so short a time. Now his strange green eyes were warm with kindness, and his voice was deeper. “I thank you for your thoughtfulness,” she managed.

The Duke smiled. “Your mama will know, I am sure, what costume is de rigueur for meeting one’s monarch. For yourself, of course, white.” He frowned. “But my mother will advise you.” Somehow he seemed less certain of that, and Tiri, thinking of her unwilling hostess, began to worry. “Your mama does not really want us,” she said in a very low voice.

“Nonsense,” the Duke rallied her. “Believe me, she would far rather have you with her than with me!” He grinned at some private joke.

Tiri got the feeling that she was in unknown territory; she felt she was being moved like a pawn by forces she did not understand. She peered up into the Duke’s handsome countenance, trying to discover what sort of man lived behind that complacent mask. Once or twice tonight it had slipped a little. Tiri shivered involuntarily. Most likely it was better to leave the mask alone, lest she unleash upon herself some new unpleasantness.

The Duke was scrutinizing her face as closely as she scanned his. Suddenly he broke the contact and stared around the somber drawing room with distaste.

“Does she never serve a dinner on time?” he asked of no one in particular.

“I am very hungry,” admitted Tiri.

“The food in this house leaves much to be desired,” warned the Duke.

Before she could comment upon this remarkably frank criticism, the door swung slowly open and Dani stood framed against the gloom of the hall. Tiri could see at once that her mother had chosen tonight’s gown with considerable wisdom and restraint. It would not be proper for her to dazzle the dowager or seek to outshine her! Dani wore a black, low-cut gown, to be sure, but it was modestly draped with a shawl of lace so exquisitely sheer as to be almost a silken drift against the white shoulders. Her soft golden hair was dressed simply, yet managed to set off her lovely face in a shimmering frame. Tiri heard the Duke catch his breath, and a strange little thrill of resentment touched her. Why didn’t he look at me like that? she wondered, and stared at her maman with critical eyes.

Dani took in the scene quickly. She moved gracefully forward, dropping an elegant small curtsey before the man. “You are the Duke of Lansdale, I am sure,” she said softly. “My daughter Tiri and I are very grateful for your patronage.”

The Duke took the white hand she held out to him and bent his head over it, his cheeks flushing a little.

“Madame la Comtesse,” he said. “It is an unexpected pleasure to meet you.”

Before another word could be said, a most shocking din broke out in the hall. The Duke spoke above it. “Don’t be frightened, mesdames, I beg of you. This is my mother’s dinner call. My father brought the gong from India on one of his trips. Mama has used it every day since it entered the house. I think my father came to regret deeply his folly in bringing the accursed thing home—”

The loud clanging suddenly ceased, and his last words were clearly audible to the Duchess as she swept into the room. She glared at her son.

“On the contrary, Daral, he often said it reminded him of me,” she snapped.

Dani’s eyes widened, but otherwise she made no comment. The Duke, however, grinned sardonically.

“Just so.”

His mama frowned at him. It was clear to the Frenchwomen that their hostess was not quick-witted, nor particularly intelligent. Bestowing a slight nod on her two female guests, she ordered the Duke to escort her into the dining room.

“You may follow us,” she said, at the last moment.

Dani and Tiri exchanged a glance, and the Duke’s smile hardened.

The dinner was every bit as poor as the Duke had warned, and the conversation even less interesting. Long before the wretched meal was over, both Dani and Tiri were wondering whether they could, by any means, find another way to meet the King than under Lady Letitia’s dubious sponsorship. When their hostess finally gave the signal to withdraw, the Frenchwomen followed her silently back into the drawing room, as exhausted as though they had walked ten miles.

“You may pour, Miss de Granville,” instructed the Duchess as they seated themselves around the small tea table. “It will give me an opportunity to assess your social skills.”

Put on her mettle by this sneering comment, Tiri began to dispense the muddy-looking coffee into small cups. She had just finished a very creditable job when the door opened again and the Duke strolled in, carrying a glass partly full of brandy.

“At least your tipple is acceptable,” he said, coming to seat himself beside Dani.

“You sent it to me yourself,” retorted his mother.

“Yes.” Her son agreed with the bitter little half-smile he reserved for her.

As they all drank coffee, Tiri thought she had never tasted so nasty a brew in such hostile company. The Duke obviously disliked his mother, and she, for her part, seemed to dislike everyone. Tiri cast a despairing glance at her mother.

Dani turned at once to her hostess. “I am sure you and your son will have much to discuss,” she began, soft-voiced. “My little one and I have had a long day and are weary. May we be excused, Your Grace?”

The idea of being rid of the unwanted guests seemed to appeal to the Duchess; her manner was almost pleasant as she bid them goodnight. They escaped thankfully.

When Fallow, the butler, had closed the doors carefully after the two Frenchwomen, the Duke faced his mama with his cold half-smile.

“Now we are private,” he said, “you shall tell me exactly how you intend to launch Mademoiselle into the Ton.”

The dowager gave him a resentful look. “You well know I cannot afford—” she began in a whining tone.

“You would prefer I asked another lady to be Mademoiselle de Granville’s sponsor and my hostess?”

His mama glared at him. He had her, the devil, and he knew it! She must keep a hand on the helm of this debut, in the faint hope that he might indeed decide to offer for Bridget. “The reception will have to be in your new house, Daral. This place would need too much refurbishing—”

“Agreed on both counts,” said her son, glancing around at the shabby gloom with obvious distaste. Then he shocked his other by adding, “Since the King and Queen may honor us, and Prinny certainly will.”

“You will get no one who matters to meet these French adventuresses,” Letitia predicted spitefully.

The Duke grinned. “A girl received at Court? Sponsored by a reigning monarch? With a title older than that of the current House? You must be jesting!” He regarded her frustration genially. “I have let slip a few tantalizing hints of the Romantic Escape from France into the right ears—Prinny’s and Lady Sally Jersey’s. Both are agog. Oh, there’ll be no refusals of this invitation, Mama! And it will be a Grand Ball, not a reception. Too paltry!” His patronizing smile set his angry mother’s teeth on edge.

“Who is to pay for all this? The food, extra servants, the wines? And of course,” she added viciously, “new finery and accouterments for your female hangers-on!”

The Duke exhaled a breath of disgust. “So very common, my dear Mama, this eternal absorption in pounds, shillings, and pence! One would think the Malls had been in trade. No,” he snapped, when she would have protested, “spare me your bile! I shall have Ian Campbell supply you with enough of the ready to deck both our guests and yourself in new finery.”

He took his leave very formally, and so quickly that his mama was denied the opportunity to bicker with him over his shortcomings.





Chapter 4



Unfortunately for them, Dani and Tiri had not heard the Duke’s rather cynical offer to supply them with suitable costumes for their Presentation at Court and for the Great Ball which was to honor Mademoiselle de Granville. Since, for her own reasons, the Duchess made no effort to acquaint them with His Grace’s generosity, Dani was left with the challenge of providing four elegant costumes from their meager resources.

Tiri was appalled at the penny-pinching behavior of their English host.

“Ma pauvre petite,” her mother soothed her, “you must see we are less than nothing to this Duke and his unpleasant mama! They have been forced to receive us into their household, yes; but no one has commanded that they supply us with clothing.”

“If only you had not spurned Uncle Louis’s offer of money, Maman!” Tiri fretted. “Not for gowns to impress our new associates, for I am sure we have prettier dresses in our trunks, and of greater style than anything this benighted town has seen! But for your own protection and security, dearest Dani. I am sure Uncle Louis would not wish to see us destitute in this foreign land! Quel dommage!”

Dani was not prepared to agree that the situation was quite as injurious or detrimental as Tiri alleged. “We have two trunks full of modish costumes beautiful enough to dazzle our rivals at Versailles,” she reminded Tiri. “I am sure we can contrive to present an appearance that will charm and impress these rather less soignée English ladies.”

“One hopes you have reason,” Tiri said gloomily.

Her maman hastened to reassure her. “Hilary was telling me about the Court of English George. They are not excessively ¬ la mode, he says. In fact, they are dowdy.” Dani giggled naughtily. “Hilary says we shall create a sensation!”

Hilary says. Tiri frowned. “When did Sir Hilary impart all this information to you, Maman?”

Dani smiled self-consciously. “He called at our hotel to consult with me—after you had retired.”

Tiri regarded her delightful, exasperating little mother with deep foreboding. “I wondered why he had been so generous as to obtain separate rooms for us,” she said. “Next he will be offering to lend us money.”

Dani chuckled. “He already has, my little doll.” She met Tiri’s shocked stare coolly. “Hilary was afraid we would be embarrassed without a few pounds for veils and—emergencies in a strange city.” Her lovely face hardened. “Since I intend becoming Lady Conray as soon as you are settled, I had no reluctance in accepting his kindness.”

“But you refused to take a sou from Uncle Louis!” protested Tiri.

“I did not expect to marry him.”

Since this seemed unanswerable, Tiri went over to the massive wardrobe, opened it, and examined their slender store of costumes. “For the Presentation, will you wear the gold satin and your topazes?”

Dani pursed her rosy lips, immediately diverted by the challenge of deciding upon a suitable gown for the occasion. “No, that is my most effective costume. I shall save it for the Duke’s ball. Every grande dame in the Ton will be present, eager to criticize the French interlopers, and equally eager to discover what is the latest fashion —le dernier cri!—from Paris! So, for the ball, the gold, the topazes, and I shall leave my hair unpowdered. At my age, it’s my best feature. Who knows, I may even start a new style!”

Dani preened in the mirror as she carefully brushed the golden luxuriance of her hair. “Such a pity to hide it with white dust!” She handed the brush to Tiri, who began a soothing stroking of her mother’s crowning glory.

“For Their Majesties’ Drawing Room,” Dani was musing, “I think something very restrained, no? The black velvet gown, the diamonds Louis gave me long ago. My hair? Poudrée, I think. En grand tenue, yes, but discreet.”

“You will look beautiful, as you always do,” Tiri said sincerely. “Now what have you planned for me?”

“For the Presentation, white, of course. Very ingénue, yet exquisite. Your hair powdered. A single white rose at your corsage. Or should it be pink?”

Alas, it was discovered that Tiri’s only white dress was too small. Dani quirked a teasing eyebrow. “La, la! The little golden doll is growing up!”

Tiri was happy to see that there was no trace of jealousy in her mother’s laughter. It was one of the most disarming things about Dani: her complete lack of envy or resentment at another woman’s beauty or charm. But the problem could become a disaster. It was de rigueur that a youthful débutante wear white. Mother and daughter stared at one another.

Then a mischievous sparkle appeared in Dani’s fine large eyes. “I brought with me—for old time’s sake—that negligée which Louis bought me soon after we met.”

Tiri’s eyes went wide. “Maman! You didn’t bring that?”

Dani’s chiming laugh rang out. “I couldn’t resist it! If anything would reconcile me to leaving him, it is that . . . creation!”

She was busily burrowing among the delicate lace and silk undergarments which filled two deep drawers in the massive low-boy. “Ah! here it is!” She shook out a robe of a silk so fine it could pass through a ring. It was exquisite, delicate, pure and shining white. But it had been made into a robe de chambre, a dressing gown of quite startling suggestiveness. Soft lace draped the low-cut décolletage; the material was cut so as to cling closely to Dani’s bosom. The enormously full skirt also clung and swayed erotically to its wearer’s movements.

Tiri could not repress a laugh. “Maman, if I were foolish enough to wear that to a Royal Presentation, we would both have to leave London before dawn!”

“But you don’t yet understand my plan,” coaxed Dani. “When we first came to Paris, I made all our clothing. It is the one talent I possess—well, one of the two,” she amended naughtily. “I propose to make this absurd bit of frivolity serve a useful purpose at last. Put it on, petite!” She proceeded to drape the too-large garment upon the reluctant Tiri.

To the girl’s surprise, the bodice of the gown, too tight on Dani, draped her own more youthful figure with a soft innocence. Dani nodded decisively. “This lace—there is so much of it, and it is as fine as gossamer! I shall remove it and make a demure fichu—very charming and ingénue. Then this voluminous skirt can easily be doubled to make the thickness we need, and still be roomy enough to fall softly.”

“With a heavy underskirt, I trust,” said Tiri primly. The lush femininity of the garment was making her a little self-conscious.

Dani cast her a questioning look. “You sounded exactly like your father as you said that,” she remarked.

Tiri colored. “I’m sorry, Maman! I do not mean to be pompous or crabbed, I assure you!”

Dani sent a forgiving smile. “Nor are you, ma chérie. It is a time of strain for both of us. But we shall contrive, I promise you! There is so much of this exquisite lace in the train that I can cover the whole gown with an overlay of it. Delicious!”

Tiri was relieved to find her mother facing the challenges so creatively. It had been this optimistic, cheerful attitude which had so captivated King Louis. Nothing depressed Dani for very long.

“Now you have only to contrive another gown for me for the Grand Ball, and we shall be—”

“As fine as fivepence,” finished her mother.

Then the two women looked smilingly at one another, and in a chorus they repeated, “As Hilary says!”





Chapter 5



The presentation of Madame la Comtesse de Granville and her daughter Therese was a most successful fire-off. King George, looking benevolently at the charming picture made by the two elegant Frenchwomen, was pleased to welcome them and even mentioned his fellow monarch in glowing, if stilted, terms. Queen Charlotte’s doubts were assuaged by the widow’s somber gown and the powder which suitably dimmed the lustrous gold of the Countess’s hair. No fault could be found, even by the highest sticklers, with either the appearance or the demeanor of the daughter. Mademoiselle de Granville, enchanting in soft white silk and lace, a single pure white rosebud holding together her demure fichu, kept her eyelids lowered for the most part, and her long eyelashes gently shadowed her cheeks. She was introduced to sixteen-year-old Princess Mary whose doting papa thought she might enjoy meeting the French child. Mary was so charmed that she went out of her way to talk to Tiri and make her welcome to England. There was something so wistful about the little Princess that Tiri’s warm heart went out to her, and they enjoyed a very comfortable coze, the Royal Parents looking on complaisantly at the new friendship.

The Duke was pleasantly surprised at both the appearance and the behavior of his unwelcome guests. In fact, he thought ruefully, they make my poor mama look ridiculous! It was true the Duchess was not at her best. Her chagrin at the success of the hangers-on had quite spoiled for her this chance to hobnob with Royalty at no expense to herself. She was not included in the Royal Circle, nor even among the regular frequenters of the Court. She was making the most of this occasion by preening in the gown for which she had spent every penny of the money Daral had given her for all three costumes. It had not been a wise choice. In fact, several ladies had already shared their amusement at the style and colors the Duchess had chosen.

The instant success of her unwanted house-guests was irking Lady Letitia. She longed to whisper just a hint or two of scandal about the ridiculously youthful-looking widow, and indeed was even scanning the chattering groups to find an ear when she caught sight of the Duke’s austere and warning expression.

He knows what I intended, the thought stabbed at her. In fact, her son now strolled over to her side, and said, smiling, “I think not, dear Mama. The consequences to yourself and to our family honor would be too devastating. And I should never forgive you such a public embarrassment.”

The presentation was concluded within a few more minutes, and the Duke, resplendent in a gold satin coat which exactly matched his eyebrows—for his hair, of course, was powdered—led his mama and their two guests from the room as soon as the Royal Party had withdrawn. When they were safely in his new, luxurious coach, he gave an exaggerated sigh of relief.

“That was a close-run thing,” he remarked, smiling coldly at his mother. “I was sure you intended opening your budget to Lady Jersey.”

Dani did not understand this reference, but she was pleased at the way they had been received, and wanted to soften a strangely tense moment. “May Tiri and I thank you for your most generous and gracious sponsorship?” she asked, in her soft voice.

“You both did me proud,” said the Duke. “What I cannot believe is that any English dressmaker could have fashioned such extremely suitable and becoming garments in the few days you had to prepare yourselves.”

“Oh, these were gowns we brought with us,” said Dani quickly. “As long as they pleased you, Your Grace, we are satisfied.”

The Duke turned a sardonic eye upon his mama’s less tasteful garment. When she refused to meet his look, he said softly, “May I dare to hope that you are as excellently prepared for the ball I am giving in your honor next week?”

“Oh, yes,” smiled Dani. “We thought it would not matter that our dresses were not new, since of course they will be new to everyone who sees them here in London.” And in very much better style than anything we have yet observed here, she thought, but had too much courtesy to say it.

The Duchess, aware that a reckoning loomed ahead for her, made haste to introduce a pleasanter subject. “The Princess Mary seemed much taken with your daughter, madame,” she said to Dani. “It could be an advantage to you to promote the friendship.”

“She was very pleasant,” agreed Tiri, “and I think, very lonely.”

“She is not at all well,” the Duchess informed them. “Her father is said to dote upon her, as on all his daughters, and is quite medieval in his care of them. I hear the girls call their quarters ‘The Nunnery.’ ”

“We have heard the King is a strict but loving father,” said Dani. It seemed to her that she was always feeling compelled to intervene at awkward moments. The relationship between mother and son was a bitter one. Dani wished that Louis had fobbed them off on a more gentle family. She sighed.

Tiri, who had been as aware as her maman had been of the undercurrents of antagonism which flowed constantly between her hostess and the Duke, was wishing much the same thing. Still, it would not be forever. For Maman’s sake she could endure it. She set her mind to think of the things she could do for Dani once she was safely wedded to some acceptable parti. This led to the less welcome speculation as to the personal qualities of the said parti. What if she disliked him? Even hated him? Even more demeaning, what if no one offered? Sunk in these wretched musings, she was quite unconscious that the Duke had transferred his searching scrutiny to her down-bent face.

“You were not pleased, mam’selle?” he challenged. They had heard a good deal of soft talk from the mother; he wondered what the daughter had to say for herself.

Tiri faced his scrutiny bravely. “I was most happy to talk with the Princess. She is a sweet girl, and seemed eager to talk about Paris. Her papa, she tells me, does not believe in any of his children traveling. There was much she wished to know.”

“I hope you did not say anything damaging,” sneered the Duchess.

Tiri colored and fell silent.

Again Dani sprang into the breach. “I was presented to the Prince of Wales,” she said chattily. “He seems a pleasant and warm-hearted young man.”

“Oh, as to that,” the Duchess could not repress the taunt, “he is known to have an especially warm heart toward—older women!” and she gave a malicious titter.

This gaucherie effectively silenced conversation for the rest of the mercifully short drive to the Duchess’s gloomy mansion. The Duke, meticulous in escorting all three ladies within doors, took his leave with unflattering promptness. Since neither Dani nor Tiri had any stomach for the unpleasant company of their hostess, they begged at once to be excused and hurried upstairs to their uncomfortable suite. To their surprise, a fire had been laid in their cavernous grate, and they were scarcely inside the door when a gentle tapping heralded the arrival of Mrs. Dodge, the housekeeper, with a small tray of hot cocoa and some biscuits. It was meager fare, but they fell on it with thanks, having been too nervous to eat well of the miserable collation served at lunch.

Mrs. Dodge came back for the tray, and her unusual behavior caused Tiri to think the housekeeper had news to impart. She was correct.

“It’s His Grace,” the woman began, holding the tray in front of her like a shield, and glancing over her shoulder as though expecting an invading army to come through the door. “He wishes you and your daughter, ma’am, to come to his new house for dinner tomorrow night. Just so as you can get to know the place before the ball. He feels it would be more comfortable.”

“That’s kind of him,” stated Tiri in a voice which revealed her surprise.

“Will there be many guests?” asked Dani, her eyes beginning to sparkle.

“Just you two, I’m told,” the woman muttered. “His Grace asked me not to tell the Duchess.”

“But if Lady Letitia is not to accompany us, how shall we get there?” asked Tiri practically.

“Her Grace goes out to play cards with some other members of her family tomorrow night. When he learned you ladies were not included in the invitation, he decided to entertain you himself. He instructed me to tell you he would send a carriage at eight o’clock, by which time Her Grace should be on her way to Lady Mall’s.”

Tiri’s expression revealed clearly what she thought of such a shab-rag family, but she pressed her lips firmly together. When the housekeeper had slipped out the door with a conspiratorial air that sent Dani off into giggles, Tiri said sternly, “It is not laughable, Maman, it is deplorable!”

“Better to laugh than weep,” advised Dani, becoming more sober. “Well, my poppet, the Presentation went off tolerably well, I thought. You were in great beauty, my dear one. Everyone’s eyes were drawn to the lovely French rose. Had I been able to get lilies, I might have made you truly representational of our beloved France!”

Tiri chuckled. “I’d best be thankful for small mercies!”

Dani became thoughtful. “So we are to go to dine with His Grace tomorrow night,” she mused. “I wonder what he has in that devious mind of his?”

“You don’t like him?” ventured the girl.

Dani pursed her lips. “I believe I am a little in fear of him,” she admitted. “He has all the determination—self-will, rather—of his mama, yet he is so charming—”

“The Duke? Charming?” protested Tiri. “How can you say so?” Then, more lightly, “I thought you were under the spell of another man.” She could not understand her own reluctance to accept the fact that the Duke was to become another victim to her beautiful mother’s allure. She hated the arrogant, unpleasant, cold, unwelcoming man! But she didn’t want him to follow Dani with besotted or lecherous eyes, as so many had done.

Dani was frowning at her daughter’s evident distress. “What is it, poupée? Have I done something to hurt you?”

“No, of course not, Maman. It was only that I had not realized you had changed your affections from Hilary to the Duke.”

“But I have not, foolish one! Sir Hilary is the only man I have ever met whom I truly desire to wed. I merely remarked that His Grace has charm—and fortitude too, to endure that she-witch who is his mother! Do you hate him so much?”

“He hates me,” said the girl a little wearily. “And despises me, too. I am a burden he cannot wait to be rid of!”

Dani scanned the small, desolate countenance carefully, but said nothing more about their reluctant host.

The following evening, all went smoothly at first. The Duchess went to her card party, dropping the announcement of her intentions casually as the three women shared a cup of tea and biscuits in the cavernous drawing room. She seemed a little piqued at her guests’ lack of response to her cavalier announcement, but she shrugged and left them sitting there when she retired to change her dress for the party.

When she was safely out the door, the two Frenchwomen hastily changed their own charming day dresses for apparel more suitable to a formal dinner.

“We shall not lower our standards, my dear—at least, as long as our present wardrobes are fit to wear,” she concluded ruefully.

She was looking particularly radiant tonight, Tiri thought, in a pretty gown of lavender silk over cream sprigged muslin: a dress few other women of her age could have worn without looking absurd. On Dani it was adorable, Tiri decided, scanning her own russet velvet with critical eyes.

“It sets off your hair superbly,” her maman advised. Neither of them had bothered to powder their lovely locks for this private dinner.

They were scarcely ready when Mrs. Dodge came up to announce that the Duke’s carriage was at the door. “You both look very nice, ma’am, if you’ll pardon my taking the liberty to say so,” she added, with little grace but real sincerity. Dani’s lovely smile seemed to repay her for the compliment, and she bobbed them an awkward curtsey as they left their rooms.

The drive to Grosvenor Square was short, and they were impressed by the myriad lanterns, flambeaux, and candles that seemed to illuminate the handsome building both within and without. A red carpet stretched across the damp flagstones, and two footmen were waiting to escort His Grace’s guests into the impressive front hall.

There the butler took charge and led them into a drawing room which quite took Tiri’s breath away. Her host, catching the wide-eyed stare, was forced to suppress a grin. He welcomed his guests pleasantly enough, and informed them that they would proceed to the dining room without loss of time, since he wanted them to be safely back at Mall House before his mother returned.

The Duke had them seated around a small round table and he waited until the first course had been served before broaching the reason for the invitation.

Dani had just finished murmuring a compliment upon the excellence of the Potage ¬ la Monglas. “Louis loves this soup,” she said. “Your chef is to be congratulated.”

His Grace brushed the compliment aside. “It is important that we discuss our business while the servants are out of the room,” he began. “You will have noticed, of course, that I signaled them to leave after the soup was served. It may be our only chance to be private away from my mother or her spies before the ball.”

Tiri gaped at her host. “Your mother sets spies upon you?” she breathed.

“I know of at least one footman who reports to her regularly. I permit this so that I can know whom to watch. However, that is not to the point. I would like a full and honest summary of your real purpose in coming to England.” As he caught the astounded glances they exchanged he laughed harshly. “Already Mr. Pitt has had a report that you may be here as the agents for some faction of Louis’s court, or even the revolutionary forces which threaten him. I must ask you if this is, in fact, correct.”

“We are here because King Louis wished to be rid of the embarrassment of my presence at Court,” Dani stated quietly, her fine eyes fixed steadily upon the Duke’s face.

His expression softened. “I believe you,” he said, more gently than was his wont. “From all that I have observed, you are here to make an advantageous marriage for your daughter, and in some way establish yourself in England. In this endeavor I am willing to help you, especially since you both behaved with elegance and decorum at your presentation to Their Majesties, Princess Mary took a decided fancy to Mademoiselle de Granville—and Prinny had his eye upon you, madame. I had better warn you,” he added in a lowered voice, “that encouraging our Prince will lead you to social disaster.”

“I have not encouraged him,” protested Dani. “I could hardly walk away while he was speaking to me!”

“A woman of your talent?” mocked the Duke. “I am sure you have handled noblemen more adept than our Prinny!”

“I happen to be—committed to another man,” Dani said slowly. “When Tiri is settled . . .”

“Good,” said the Duke heartily.

Further private conversation was suspended until the covers had been removed and a second course offered.

When they were alone again, Dani returned to the battle. “I wonder if I might ask a favor of Your Grace,” she began. “There is a certain minor nobleman whom we would like to see at your ball.” Her courage seemed to escape her under his suddenly hardening glance.

“And who might this . . . minor nobleman be?”

“His name is Hilary Conray,” said Dani.

The Duke did not miss Tiri’s gasp and her glance of warning at her mother. He drew his own conclusions. They did not seem to be pleasant ones, from the expression upon his face.

“Conray? Hilary? I think I may have heard of him.” He cast a disapproving glance at Tiri. “If I may offer a suggestion, madame, I would urge you not to select Sir Hilary Conray as a parti for Mademoiselle.”

Now it was Dani’s turn to suffer surprise. She opened her mouth to enlighten her host, and then seemed to think better of it. Instead she asked, rather humbly, “Is there something wrong . . . something not comme il faut, about Sir Hilary?”

“He is not the parti for a young girl with her way to make in Polite Society,” he said shortly. “I can promise nothing, of course, but I hope to be able to introduce your daughter to more acceptable aspirants for her hand.”

“What is wrong with Sir Hilary?” Tiri could not resist demanding. Her poor mother was looking so deflated that she sprang naturally to her defense. Unfortunately the Duke thought that she was offended by an imagined slur upon her beloved. He glanced at the girl with strong disapproval.

“There is nothing really wrong with the fellow,” he said brusquely. “He is a Scotsman, poor, a wandering sort of adventurer. Not at all the type to settle comfortably into matrimony.”

His lips curled in mockery at the suddenly depressed look upon both lovely faces. He went on speaking in that dry tone Tiri hated. “Perhaps it might also be well to warn you that the Prince of Wales is notorious for his susceptibility to beautiful, knowledgeable matrons older than himself.”

The attention of both ladies was now sharply fixed upon the Duke. Tiri wondered if the English prince had decided to use this nobleman to convey an offer to the French countess. She was quickly reassured, as His Grace continued, “Prinny considers himself to be a romantic, with a soft heart for lovers and a right to pry into anyone’s private business. He has indicated to me that he would be pleased if I were to offer for Mademoiselle de Granville.”

Surprise and incredulity were plain to read upon the women’s faces. Smiling sardonically, the Duke awaited their comments.

Tiri spoke first. “You cannot be serious?” she breathed. “How much control over you has this idiot?”

His Grace’s mocking smile faded. He had, of course, neither the desire nor the intention of marrying the little French girl, yet in the face of her angry revulsion he felt a prick of annoyance and something else he did not identify. He knew himself to be a rich prize in the Matrimonial Stakes, and although he was no coxcomb, he could not fail to realize his worth: well-born, wealthy, and good to look upon. Lady Bridget Mall was not the only young woman who persistently pursued him. Why, then, was this little French chit so angry at the idea of an arranged marriage with him? Most débutantes would have given a good deal to have Prinny trying to push the Duke of Lansdale into matrimony with them.

“He has no control over me at all,” he answered her question. “I had thought the idea might amuse you—as it did me.” That should show her! “You probably should be warned that he may make some heavy-handed and fairly urgent proposals to your mama. In his own behalf,” he added nastily.

“I can deal with him,” promised Dani, anxious to change the subject before Tiri gave away any secrets. “Was there anything else you felt we should know, Your Grace?”

“I wondered whether my mother had given you the funds set aside for your expenses during the Season.”

Dani’s expression was wary. Had he learned in some devious way of Hilary’s generous gesture? “Funds, sir? From what source?”

“Does it matter? You have received them?”

“No.” The less said here, the better.

The man’s features darkened. “I feared as much. I shall make inquiries.”

“We —we do not need your money,” objected Tiri.

“Who said it was mine?” challenged the Duke. He regarded her with disfavor. “You have a great deal to say, for so young a girl! Is this forward behavior the style in Paris?”

Tiri set her teeth against an angry retort. “I am sorry if I have offended your sense of propriety,” she managed to say.

Dani smothered a smile. They were like two children bickering. Tiri seemed to have taken the man in strong dislike. She considered the Prince’s suggestion that Granville make Tiri an offer. It was not so absurd an idea, in her judgment, as the Duke had implied. She said quietly, “If there is nothing more to discuss, Your Grace, perhaps Tiri and I should be returning to Mall House.”

They went out into the magnificent hall, where six footmen in powdered wigs stood statuelike against the paneled walls, and the butler himself had the ladies’ light cloaks ready.

“Your home is delightful,” murmured Dani, offering her hand to be kissed.

“Thank you for a most pleasant evening,” said Tiri in a too-sweet voice. She was not going to invite another set-down from the hateful nobleman on the subject of her manners.





Chapter 6



As the day of the Duke’s Grand Ball approached, it became clear that the Beau Monde was aware of the dazzling new star which had appeared upon the scene. The Royal Family spoke well of the French girl’s modesty and beauty. One heard that Princess Mary had asked her royal papa to invite the girl to visit her. Invitations began to arrive at Mall House in increasing numbers, to the Duchess’s mingled chagrin and pleasure. Gentlemen, and a few ladies, came to call. Among the latter were Lady Bridget and her mama, Letitia’s life-long friend, who was tetchy at the idea that Letitia had not warned her of this newcomer she was sponsoring.

Attending upon his mother and sister was Lord Bertram Mall. He was much inferior in appeal to His Grace the Duke of Lansdale, decided Tiri who had been haled down with her mama to meet the guests. He was rather a dandy and seemed a little too conscious of his elaborate get-up. Still, he was jovial and attentive, and he uttered so many little compliments that Tiri felt more at ease than she had yet found herself in English Society.

While Lady Mall and Bridget chatted with the Countess, Bertram settled himself for a quick conquest of the little French girl. He was not yet sure of her dowry—Mama was investigating that aspect and could be trusted to track it down to the last farthing. The girl’s appearance, on the other hand, was such as to cause him to dismiss the apprehensions he had felt when his indomitable mama had instructed him to pay court to the French miss so she could not trap the Duke. The Duke was to be Bridget’s. Mama and Lady Letitia had long planned that. His rather moist glance moved over the small, pretty face and down to the sweetly budding breasts and slender waist, all set off by a morning dress of style and charm. Bertram’s mama and sister never looked so well when surprised at home by early visitors. Bertram licked his lips. This was not going to be so bad! He began to follow his mother’s careful instructions.

“I say, mam’selle, you must promise me several dances for the Duke’s Ball! Three, at least? You can do the English dances, can you not?” he asked, suddenly alarmed at the idea of standing up with a stumbling girl.

Tiri, who was both amused and slightly scornful of this foppish visitor, smiled artlessly. “After a fashion, good sir! But I am sure you can teach me!”

Visions of stumbling around the floor and disrupting the ordered sequences of the dances flashed through Lord Bertram’s head, and he wished heartily that he had never been dragooned into this embarrassing situation.

He was rescued by Lady Letitia, who missed very little of what went on her drawing room. “Of course she can dance, Bertram! She and her mother have been habituées of the French Court, where dancing and such frivolities are of paramount importance!”

This set-down effectively silenced conversation for a moment, and then into the breach stepped Lady Bridget who asked maliciously, “I suppose the dear Duke has provided you both with funds for costumes while you are his mama’s guests?”

“On the contrary,” said Tiri firmly, “we came prepared with costumes from the finest modistes of Paris. I am sure you would know of them, since you are wearing a dress which was very much ¬ la mode in Paris—several years ago.”

Into the silence which followed this statement, Tiri added gently, “We fund ourselves, miss.”

Very shortly after this, the guests took their leave, and the Duchess, looking put out, was opening her mouth to give Tiri a thundering set-down when the butler announced Sir Hilary Conray. Lady Letitia’s glance sharpened as she beheld the effect this name had upon her house guests. She told Fallow to show the gentleman in at once.

Three pairs of eyes faced Sir Hilary as he entered the gloomy drawing room. His poor little Dani was looking at him as though he were a knight in armor, come to rescue her from a dragon. The formidable dowager who rose to greet him qualified perfectly for the menacing role, beginning to bullock him before he had finished paying his addresses to the ladies.

“Are you a friend of my guests, sir? I think I have not met you in Society.”

“I have been much abroad,” admitted Sir Hilary, with a charming smile which had absolutely no effect upon the Duchess, whatever it may have done for Dani, over whose hand he was bowing at the moment. “I was recruited by William Pitt to be sure these ladies reached London safely,” he said pleasantly. “It is important that King Louis’s ambassadors of good will be comfortably settled in England.” Then, apropos of nothing, he added, “Princess Mary was delighted to meet a new friend.” And he bestowed an approving smile upon Tiri.

Daunted but not defeated, Lady Letitia tried to probe further into her visitor’s antecedents and pedigree. He fended off her prying so adroitly that Dani and Tiri cast admiring looks in his direction, although Tiri thought his evasive skills betokened a misspent youth.

“I have never heard of Conray,” snapped the frustrated Duchess at length.

“It is a minor title,” Hilary admitted. “I am a younger son—the third, in fact, and must make do with the small estate.”

When his hostess would have asked him his father’s name, he affected not to hear her and begged Dani and Tiri to save him at least one dance at the Duke’s Ball, “I well know,” he admitted with a humorous look, “that I have no hope of more time with so popular a pair as the de Granvilles will be!” After this graceful tribute, he rose and took his departure in due form, leaving a fuming Lady Letitia to quiz the women about him.

She had no luck in that department, either, for Dani and Tiri, grateful for a friend and partisan in this bleak fortress, nimbly avoided the direct questions and went into panegyrics over Sir Hilary’s competence, kindness, and good style. They excused themselves as quickly as possible, “in order to see what we can do about costumes for the Duke’s Ball. We must depend upon the clothes we brought from France, you know,” Dani added, her expression hinting that she was well aware that the Duchess had preempted the funds provided for the guests’ comfort.

Since this was exactly the case, Lady Letitia was forced to let her unwelcome house guests go to their suite without further harassment.

·



As a matter of fact, the Frenchwomen were facing a problem greater than Dani had admitted. Their clothing was elegant and strikingly beautiful, but there was only so much of it in the two trunks. Their immediate concern was that Tiri did not have another white dress for the Duke’s Ball. Her maman had not felt it necessary for her to appear always in white, since she had not yet been formally introduced to Louis’s Queen and probably never would be. Both mother and daughter had been noted, even in that style-conscious Court, as dressing in elegance and good taste, and although they were sometimes innovative, they were never bold or in poor style. As a result, Tiri would be forced to wear a second time the dress she had worn for her Presentation—or wear a color.

Dani fretted. “I wish I had had the opportunity to discuss this with Hilary! He is knowledgeable, that one! He could tell us if it is a faux pas for a young girl to wear a soft pastel at her first ball!”

“But who is to know it is my first ball?” asked Tiri, with logic. She held up a delicate amber silk, bound close beneath the bosom with russet velvet ribbons—a softly flowing garment which flattered her girlish slenderness. The color made a glowing complement to her lovely hair. “No powder, Maman, do you think? After all, much must be permitted a little French girl!”

“Not so much of that little girl,” teased Dani. “We are trying to get you settled with a suitable parti.”

Tiri looked suddenly lost and irresolute. “Are we, Maman? Do you think it will be possible? Sometimes my courage fails a little!”

“As would anyone’s, in this horrid cavern!” her mother comforted her gently. “Toujours l’audace, ma poupée dorée!”

Tiri, feeling one thousand years old, smiled reassuringly back at her naive, volatile little maman. She must not permit herself to give way to despair. Mariages de convenance were arranged every day, in France as well as in England. Only the woman usually had more than an ancient name to offer! Perhaps some jumped-up nouveau riche would be willing to accept a bride who could bring him nothing but a flawless lineage? Would any such upstart be found in the Duke’s circle? She doubted it.

Her doubt was not relieved by remarks made by the Duchess at the dinner table that evening. The meal was tasteless. Were there no great chefs in England? Or was their hostess too penny-pinching to hire one? For some reason, the Duchess was more gracious than usual. She spoke at some length of the elegant company to be expected at her son’s ball.

“No one would think of refusing an invitation from Daral,” she announced complacently. “It would not matter who was the guest to be honored!”

This less than subtle thrust received its due reward. Dani had the fierce protectiveness of a female tiger where Tiri was concerned. “They will all be eager to see His Grace’s imposing new home,” she agreed. “Have you seen it yet, ma’am?”

That was taking the battle into the enemy’s territory, since it was common knowledge that the Duke had not yet invited his mother to see the new Lansdale House.

Really, raged the Duchess, these French hangers-on are unbearable! She would deflate their pretensions in some manner! “Lady Bridget, who will be a guest, is my son’s fiancée,” she announced with more venom than accuracy. She cast a meaningful glance at Tiri. “I would not have your daughter get her hopes up without cause,” she smiled.

“Tiri? Oh, you need fear nothing in that quarter, ma’am!” Dani said cheerfully. “Your son and my daughter are hard put to be civil to one another!” She matched smile for smile. “Tiri is, of course, accustomed to the—ah—greater civility of manner of the French aristocracy. We both find the English plain-speaking—ah—interesting.”

After this clincher, talk was restricted to a bare minimum, chiefly the Duchess singing Lady Bridget’s praises. It was with almost unseemly eagerness that the Frenchwomen craved permission to retire.

“No matter how comfortless these rooms are,” Dani sighed, sinking onto her bed, “they are preferable to another hour spent in That Woman’s company!”

“Do you think—the Duke and Lady Bridget? . . .” asked Tiri, looking anywhere but at her maman.

Dani frowned. “Have you a tendre in that direction, child? I fear such a campaign would prove difficult. Not impossible, of course!” she amended swiftly, with a glance at the forlorn little face before her.

Tiri changed her stance immediately. “I would not consider an offer from His Grace!” she protested too vehemently.

“There would be advantages,” argued her maman. “You would never be bored.”

Tiri, rather surprised at the feature her mother had selected to persuade her, was forced to agree. She might be infuriated, yes; even desolated by the nobleman’s set-downs and snubs; but she would never be bored. She prepared for bed silently.

Her maman refrained from talking. Let the child make up her own mind. It was not an easy road which Tiri must travel.





Chapter 7



On the morning of the day of the Duke’s Grand Ball, flowers and gifts began to arrive for Dani and Tiri. One particularly lovely basket of deep red roses bore Sir Hilary’s card; his name was also on a pretty basket of white violets for Tiri. For a time, the dark hallway resembled a flower stall, crowded with boxes, baskets and posies.

The Duke, rather surprisingly, had sent flowers and a dainty gift to each of his mother’s house guests. Dani’s gift was a splendid pair of sapphire earrings which almost matched her eyes. Tiri, scrutinizing them jealously, made haste to open her own small velvet box. It contained a gold link bracelet, set with sapphires.

“He bought the set,” remarked Tiri, unforgivably, “and then divided it between us.”

Dani made no reply, but her silence was so accusing that Tiri ran to her and hugged her remorsefully. “Forgive me, maman!” she begged. “I was jealous!”

This open avowal of her daughter’s hopeless affection for the Duke softened her mother’s attitude. “It is not like you to speak so, ma petite,” she acknowledged. “Sometimes it hurts very much, this amour, does it not?”

They fell to admiring one another’s gifts, of which there were several besides the Duke’s sapphires. Lord Bertram had sent a rather ugly enameled box for Tiri. “His mama probably chose it,” commented Dani, and Tiri chuckled reprehensibly.

It seemed that the Duke was sending a carriage to pick up the three ladies from Mall House and bring them betimes to his own home. “We shall have to form the receiving line,” the Duchess instructed them needlessly. Dani let the remark pass, and they were soon receiving the careful attention of His Grace’s excellent butler and footmen. The Duke greeted them cordially, very much the master of his own house. He praised Dani’s appearance, but while his intent scrutiny lost no detail of Tiri’s turn-out, he made no comment.

His mama was not so reticent. Now that it was too late for the guests to remedy the matter, she took spiteful pleasure in calling to her son’s notice that the Frenchwomen had not powdered their hair.

The Duke shrugged. “They may well set a new style,” was all he said.

His mama sniffed incredulously, but already the butler was ushering in the first of the evening’s guests. For over an hour, all four in the receiving line were too busy to talk privately. Tiri began to relax, in spite of the press of newcomers to be greeted and introduced. She had attended a number of State Receptions at Versailles, and was no stranger to polite modes of behavior. In fact she caught Dani’s approving eye more than once, as she made some pleasant response to a challenge or a question, and even the Duke was wearing an easier expression. Of course! thought the girl with a surge of compassion, it is his first time to entertain in his new home! And it’s a good thing Dani and I are here, she decided. His mama is a detriment to any host!

In fact Lady Letitia was growing increasingly acerb to her son’s guests. Perhaps her feet hurt her, Tiri thought, trying to be charitable. It was with considerable relief that they welcomed the Royal Party in proper form, and were thereafter released to go to mingle with the guests. A cousin of the Duke’s on his father’s side had acted as host in the ballroom until the arrival of the King, Queen, and Prince of Wales freed His Grace to attend the Royals to that spacious and lovely room. As Prinny led off the first dance with his hostess, Lady Letitia, and the Duke spent the time conversing with the King and Queen, who elected not to dance, the rest of the guests quickly took the floor with every evidence of enjoyment.

Although the King and Queen departed shortly, the party had already been judged a tremendous success. In fact, it was, as Lady Jersey sighed, not only a squeeze but a hurricane!, which was felt, by all who heard her, to be the supreme accolade.

Tiri was not happy. She was flattered, courted, asked to dance every dance by a round half-dozen gallants—none of whom was His Grace. She had observed him partnering Dani, and Lady Bridget, and Lady Jersey, and she did not know how many more lovely queens of London Society, but he did not come near her. A certain amount of what she felt to be justified resentment was beginning to give her eyes a dazzling glitter, when Lord Bertram approached her. Since another dance was just starting, and still her recalcitrant host had shown no awareness of her presence, Tiri accepted the unpleasant lordling’s urgent offer. As they swung onto the polished floor, the man sighed with obvious relief.

“Ah, there, Mam’selle! You are bamming me when you pretended you could not dance English dances!”

“They are much the same as French,” said Tiri too brightly. “It depends upon one’s partner how much pleasure one receives.”

Bertram, obviously set up by what he interpreted as a compliment to his terpsichorean skills, twirled her around so widely that they nearly collided with another couple.

After fifteen minutes of this, Tiri knew that she would have to sit down or risk falling. Bertram danced as though he were on the hunting field—a bruising rider. “Can we go on the balcony for a breath of air?” Tiri gasped. “It is really becoming very warm, is it not?”

It was becoming warm. The light of thousands of candles and the press of hundreds of active bodies raised the temperature of even this vast room above a comfortable level. Bertram, however, took the girl’s request as a hint for a closer encounter, and suggested very glibly that the Duke’s gardeners had done a remarkable job landscaping his gardens at very short notice. So indeed it proved, as fairy lights gleamed in the branches of myriad potted trees and shrubs, and the neatly raked white graveled walks tempted one to explore.

They had hardly got out of sight of the mansion when Bertram caught Tiri’s arm and swung her around against his chest. Alas for his amatory hopes! He swung her so hard (and she was so unsuspecting that she put up no resistance) that Tiri’s nose struck with smashing force against Bertram’s protruding ribs—chicken-breasted, his papa had always called him. To the girl’s horror, blood began to flow from her nose.

Bending over to save her dress, she commanded, “Give me your handkerchief, Bertram! You have caused my nose to bleed with your roughness!”

The horrified dandy thrust a rather inadequate kerchief into the girl’s hand. Mumbling that he would go to get help for her, he hastened away toward the mansion.

It was his misfortune—and Tiri’s—that the Duke, who had been more conscious of the little French girl than she imagined, should have observed Lord Bertram’s guiltily furtive reentry to the ballroom. Moving quickly and quietly to his side, the Duke swept Bertram back onto the terrace from which he had just come.

“Where is Mademoiselle de Granville?” he asked coldly.

After some initial stammering, Lord Bertram was understood to say that he had left her in the gardens, enjoying the fresh air, at her request.

“You should have known better than to take her away from the ballroom in the first place,” shaped His Grace. “Do you wish to compromise her reputation?”

Lord Bertram wilted visibly in the Duke’s iron grip. Since the culprit appeared to have nothing to say for himself, the Duke released him and strode out into the garden.

Very shortly he observed a slight figure standing in the shadow of a tree, a handkerchief pressed against her face. Weeping, is she? he thought callously, I warned her of the need to be circumspect, but of course she knew better—having coming from Paris, where ladies have different ideas! He went quickly up to her and pulled the handkerchief quite firmly from her face.

“I have come to escort you back inside,” he began, “and we must only hope you have not caused a—” and then he paused.

It was not tears but blood which was flowing down the pale lovely face below his, whose expression at this moment was changing from forlorn to infuriated. The cause? The dark flow had splattered down over the white bosom and onto the delicate bodice.

“Imbécile!” wailed Tiri. “You have ruined my dress! I have been carefully trying to stem the flow until that idiot of a Bertram got back here with help!”

“You would have had a long wait,” said the Duke, unfeelingly. “The idiot Bertram is dancing with his sister—neither of whom can be said to have an ounce of compassion.” He offered his own large, spotless handkerchief. “Try this,” he advised, not unkindly.

Placing it against her face, and speaking through its folds with some difficulty, Tiri groaned, “Now what am I to do? I cannot go back into the ballroom with blood splattered upon my garments! And I do not have anything to change into! You must get me into a closed carriage and then make my excuses to Maman and your mother.”

“You think that a sudden and mysterious disappearance from the ball will cause no gossip?” prodded the Duke—unfairly, the girl thought, since it was his cavalier snatching of Bertram’s handkerchief which had created the problem. This she tried to tell him, but he meanly refused to understand, saying he could not make out her words through the cloth. He did, however, lead her back to a side door of the mansion, from which unobserved vantage they were able to make their way up to the Duke’s private suite.

Once safely behind closed doors, Daral rang for his valet and shared the problem. With a discreet glance at the stained corsage, the valet suggested an array of flowers.

“It would take a large bouquet to cover those spots,” gloomed Tiri, now quite despondent at the tragedy. “I should feel and look a fool presenting myself to the company with a flower garden on my bodice!”

“A shawl? Lace?” inquired Tippen hopefully.

“You have such? For a lady, I mean,” demanded the girl.

“Alas, no,” mourned Tippen.

“Then what use to suggest them?” asked Tiri, with some justice.

An interruption occurred at this instant as the Duke discovered that his own white satin waistcoat had also received several large dark red spots. “Get me a fresh waistcoat,” he instructed Tippen, beginning to slip out of his coat and the offending garment. “Too bad we can’t deck you out in some of my clothes,” he grinned, with what Tiri felt was cruel levity.

Desperately wishing that her clever maman were present, Tiri asked her host if he thought he could get the Countess up to his rooms without rousing too much hubbub and public attention. He agreed to try as soon as he had donned a fresh waistcoat.

This was accomplished almost immediately, and the Duke was just being helped into his coat again when the door flew open and Lady Letitia burst into the room.

The look of satisfaction upon Lady Letitia’s face struck fear into Tiri’s heart. “So! You would insist upon foisting this adventuress upon the Ton—and see what comes of it! What are you doing, Daral, undressed in your bedroom? Or do I need to ask?”

In a faintly weary tone, the Duke told the story briefly. “So it is your precious cousin Bertram, with his usual lack of finesse, who is responsible for ruining Mademoiselle de Granville’s gown and my waistcoat. Now if you will remain here to chaperone our guest, I will seek out the Countess,” he concluded.

“What can she do?” snapped the Duchess. “Unless you mean to spirit the two of them out of the house?”

“I hope her clever fingers can arrange some drapery or device which will conceal Bertram’s clumsiness and permit Mademoiselle de Granville to return to the ball,” said the Duke sternly. “Await me here!”

Since she had never heard quite that iron note in her son’s voice before, the Duchess was reluctant to disobey. She spent her time asking probing and incredulous questions about the incident in the garden, until Tiri was ready to shout at her. Before such a crisis was reached, fortunately, the door opened again to admit the Duke and a worried-looking Dani. Her gaze flew to the slender girl standing by the great fourposter. In a swift dart, she was there and had the girl in her arms.

“Ma pauvre petite! Ma chérie!” she murmured, patting Tiri’s shoulder gently.

It was apparent that the Duke had informed her of the crisis upon the way upstairs. She surveyed the stains upon Tiri’s bodice carefully. “Two ideas,” she murmured. “One: We might merely escort Tiri back to the ball and explain that she has had a nosebleed. But since this is a simple, direct, and truthful explanation, nobody will believe it. Second: We can find something to drape over the spots.” She glanced around her inquiringly.

The Duchess drew herself up forbiddingly. “I cannot permit you to vandalize my costume for such a purpose,” she began.

“Mon Dieu, non!” agreed Dani, with a revulsive look at the red, green, and blue garment which the Duchess had considered suitable for a Grand Ball. Dani herself was costumed most elegantly in the gold satin which exactly matched her unpowdered hair, and decked with the topazes which had been a wedding gift from the ’Sieur de Granville. She stared around her, trying to discover some sort of material which would serve to conceal the blood spots. And then she smiled that mischievous little gamine grin which has so enchanted Louis.

“I have it!” she cried. “You, sir, must turn your back!”

“He must leave the room!” hissed his mama, foreseeing the event.

“I am going nowhere until this matter is settled. If the chit is not suitably chaperoned with you both here, she never will be!” He did however turn away from the girl and her mother.

Before the Duchess could protest further, Dani had whipped up her own skirt and slipped out of her white silk undershirt. It was one of several petticoats, each, it seemed to the fascinated observers, finer than the last. “Scissors! And some pins!” she demanded, and the Duke went at once into his dressing room, where Tippen waited anxiously. Within seconds he was back with his booty. Dani merely nodded and cut the delicate silk quickly into two long rectangles. These she held together and then draped them around Tiri’s shoulders. The impromptu fichu came well down below the girl’s waist. Dani crossed the two ends over the girl’s breast, and pinned them under the russet velvet ribbons which tied around the slender waist.

“Voil¬” Dani stepped back triumphantly.

Even the Duchess had to admit that the lushly draped, thick silk folds were quaintly pretty on the girl—and they covered every sign of the nosebleed.

“At this time of night, after the champagne they have drunk,” said the Duke cynically, “no one will remember what Mam’selle’s gown looked like. My congratulations, madame!”

“I am sure the Countess could make herself a good living designing clothes here in London,” added the Duchess, waspishly.

“Ever tactful, Mama,” murmured her son, with a glance of apology toward the Frenchwomen.

These were so relieved at the happy outcome of the dilemma that they scarcely heeded the Duchess’s remark. It was in almost perfect charity that the party of four descended the stairs to the ballroom. Indeed, their relief made them reckless. As they moved across the wide landing in front of the entrance to the ballroom, Prinny and his friends emerged to confront them.

“Aha! So there you are, my young friend!” announced the Prince, in a loud, pleased voice. “Having a cozy tête-¬-tête with our adorable little Frenchwoman, were you?” He seemed to become aware of the utter silence as everyone within earshot strained to hear his words. “Both the mamas with you, of course! Very proper, dear boy! And when are we to hear the good news?” The Prince beamed fatuously at the two young people he had hoped to bring together.

In the waiting silence, the Duke’s voice was clear and firm. “We shall be announcing our engagement tomorrow, Your Highness,” he said. “I know we have your good wishes, Your Grace. Of course, you will keep our secret until the proper time!”

This was received with laughter, cheers, and some applause. Quite a number of observers noted that Lady Letitia had turned an unbecoming shade of puce; Dani was flushed; and Tiri was as white as her fichu. Only the Duke presented to his world an imperturbable countenance.





Chapter 8



The following morning there were more callers than had ever before drummed upon the knocker at Mall House. Not the last of these was Lady Bridget, accompanied, reluctantly, by her brother. “Mama,” said Bridget in a tight, disgruntled voice, “is laid down upon her bed, you must know. She cannot believe the news!”

“I cannot believe it myself,” snapped the Duchess with more candor than courtesy, since Dani and Tiri were standing nearby, chatting with two inquisitive matrons. Letitia was under severe restraint. The Duke had reminded her of the penalties that could follow if she refused to accept the situation. It was indeed a rare case. The chit’s sponsor was King Louis of France, and both of Their Britannic Majesties and the Prince of Wales approved of both the little French miss and the match. These were powerful advocates who must not be affronted. Since the Duke had publicly announced the engagement, no slanders must be circulated about his future Duchess.

“I shall dwindle into a dowager,” mourned Lady Letitia.

Lady Bridget wasted no pity on that. “Mama says you should have found a way to avoid the French trap,” she muttered angrily. “She says she would have warned you if she had not had some respect for your judgment!”

This was plain speaking indeed, and the Duchess bridled.

“Since it was Bertram who brought the whole thing about, your mama is placing the blame in the wrong quarter!” She glared at the wretch, who quickly sauntered off to chat with Lady Stavish and her pug-nosed daughter.

This craven flight left the ladies with no immediate target for their venom. Lady Bridget remedied that by calling out to Tiri in a tone intended to sound archly teasing, but which only succeeded in sounding nasty, “How did you do it, Miss de Granville? You must tell all of us less artful females!”

There was a mild titter of laughter from those ladies close enough to overhear the challenging remark. Dani and Lady Letitia, each for her own reasons, approached the two antagonists, for such they were universally acknowledged to be: the successful and the unsuccessful candidates for the Duke’s hand.

Tiri seemed to have herself in control. She smiled, and her fine blue eyes were sparkling. “But it was your own dear brother Bertram who played Cupid,” she said. “He caused the nosebleed that shocked His Grace into realizing the true state of his own feelings for me.”

Her small lovely face was at once the focus of dozens of eyes. It could be true. The small straight nose was slightly swollen and red. The more charitable had supposed that Mam’selle was suffering a heavy head cold—not unusual at this season of the year. There was a general movement towards the two girls.

“Can you tell us how Lord Bertram—ah—caused your nose to bleed?” quizzed an older lady in a pink redingote.

Everyone held her breath.

“Surely you have all seen Lord Bertram dancing?” Tiri asked with a gurgle of laughter.

This was greeted with general mirth. Even those who had not personally suffered his misguided enthusiasm had certainly observed it on the dance floor. “He charges through the gavotte as though he were riding to hounds!” giggled one miss whose toes had suffered Lord Bertram’s painful attention.

But Lady Bridget, who would have been wiser to let the matter drop, persisted in her attack.

“Now why should a nosebleed cause my cousin to propose marriage?” she mused aloud. “Was it because Prinny caught you in a compromising situation?”

Tiri’s little face became sweetly solemn. “I believe it was because His Grace felt bound to comfort my distress, and so discovered the attraction.”

This was the very stuff of Romance. All the ladies were now unashamedly agog and listening.

Lady Bridget plunged onward to her doom. “I was not aware that physical attraction was considered necessary in a marriage between two persons of our class,” she said viciously. “Of course your mama would perhaps feel differently!”

There was a gasp at this slander, but Dani, smiling, rose to the occasion. “Physical attraction is a bonus,” she said pleasantly, as though the other woman had paid her a compliment. “As for her class, Therese’s father’s line goes back to 1342, all well documented. It is an honored name.”

“But the fortune, if any, belongs to the present holder of the title?” sneered Bridget.

This was felt to be very bad form; the high sticklers in the party began a withdrawing movement.

Dani was not disconcerted. “True,” she admitted, “Still, youth, beauty, and an impeccable lineage have value, even in these rather—commercially minded days.”

“Bravo,” said the Duke, entering his mama’s drawing room unannounced. He made his way slowly through the now nervously chattering groups, speaking pleasantly to everyone, and accepting their fulsome congratulations with smiling ease. There was a general movement to leave the two newly engaged persons to whatever privacy the Duchess would allow them. The guests were really not too reluctant to depart, since there had been no offer of refreshment from Lady Letitia—“such a clutch-fist, my dear!”—and even more urgently, the need was felt to discuss the fascinating disclosures that had been made during the last half hour.

The Duke’s mother perceived, if no one else did, the furious white flare of his nostrils, and read the threat in his narrowed green eyes. Lady Bridget only hoped that he had not been lingering outside the drawing room, as Bertram often did, to catch the gist of what was being said. She realized that she had lost her cause forever with today’s unguarded remarks; it was too much to hope that the whole story would not be racing around London by tonight. Tossing her head haughtily, she went to him, offered her hand for him to bow over, and said, “I’m sure you’ll be as happy as you deserve to be!” and stalked from the room.

Bertram was nowhere in sight. It was the final straw that Lady Bridget had to wait for Fallow to summon a hackney for her.

Flowers arrived soon after, and Fallow brought them into the drawing room where two elderly ladies, too deaf to be aware of the nuances of the situation, still lingered on. Dani thought the flowers would be for her daughter, but Fallow brought them directly to the Countess. They were deep red roses, very fragrant and lovely. Dani extracted the card so eagerly that the others glanced at her.

“They are from Sir Hilary, with an apology for missing the ball last night,” she explained. “He hopes to call upon us very soon.” She tucked the small note into her reticule and handed the flowers back to Fallow to be taken to her room. Soon after this the elderly ladies took their leave, and the Duchess hardly waited until they had left before turning upon her son.

“Perhaps you will take the time to explain to me what is going on?” she snapped.

The Duke looked at her coldly. “You wish me to confront you before witnesses?” His glance indicated the Frenchwomen.

Dani, only too anxious to get away, said that they would of course retire so that the Duke and his mama might have a comfortable tête-à-tête.

The Duke uttered a bark of laughter at this euphemism.

Dani and Tiri escaped thankfully.

The door had hardly closed behind them when His Grace went on the attack. “I cannot believe what I heard just before I entered the room,” he began. “If you have no care for my reputation, one would think you might be concerned for your own!”

“I have done nothing!” his mama stammered.

“Your protégée, Lady Bridget, was trying her best to discredit not only me and my fiancée, but you as her sponsor. Are you so blind that you cannot see that your bosom bow, Cousin Amelia, has been jealous of you and hated my father since the day my father married you rather than her?” At her incredulous glare, he went on ruthlessly, “If I knew of her rancor, believe me that everyone else in the Ton did so! I could never understand why you persisted in making her your confidante, when all her advice and counsel was deliberately given to do you disservice!”

“That is a lie!” gasped his mother. “She thinks only of my own good!”

“Is that why she has been thrusting Bridget down my throat for the last five or six years? The girl’s an ape-leader; she’s been on the town for eight or nine years, and no one’s offered for her. Can’t you think why?”

“Because everyone thought you would be offering for her?” faltered Lady Letitia.

“Because no man wanted to leg-shackle himself to a bitter, sharp-tongued female with little beauty and less grace!” said the Duke. “You have made us both a laughing stock with your tireless efforts to push her off on me. Her performance today, deliberately trying to insult your guests, and through them yourself and me, must surely show you how little she values your reputation in the Ton.”

“You misjudge her!” protested Lady Letitia, but her voice showed that she herself doubted what she was saying.

The Duke shrugged. “If we have settled that matter, may we now summon the de Granvilles and discuss this business of my marriage?”

Chastened, Lady Letitia asked if he wanted her to be present during the discussion. The Duke frowned.

“I suppose you should be. If you have not completely alienated the Frenchwomen, they will benefit from your knowledge of our English modes and manners.”

Grateful for that much forbearance and finally accepting that it was Bertram Mall’s bungling which had betrayed them to Prinny’s snare, the Duchess rang for Fallow and instructed him to request the French ladies to join them in the drawing room.

As they reentered the gloomy room a few minutes later, Dani was inquiring, and Tiri was sullen. The Duke did not waste time.

“I have asked you to join my mother and me here so that we may discuss this matter of the wedding between Mademoiselle Therese and me,” began the Duke, a trifle pompously. Tiri found that, much as she disliked the man, she could not take her eyes from his handsome face and tall, well-shaped body. The candlelight was reflected in his strange green eyes, which were fixed upon her own face at this very moment. He was addressing her particularly.

“Now that we are alone, the four of us most closely concerned, I should like to ask you, Mam’selle, what you feel about this engagement? Honestly, if you please.”

“I was surprised,” began the girl hesitantly, trying to meet the challenge of those compelling eyes. “I felt unhappy that you had been trapped, as it were, by the combination of your Prince’s romantic fancies and Lord Bertram’s heavy-handed awkwardness.”

“So,” said the Duke coldly, “your first emotions were surprise and unhappiness. Not a very promising combination.”

Tiri’s quick temper began to prickle at his summary evaluation of her feelings. Arrogant Englishman! What did he expect her to say? That she was swooning for joy at the thought of marrying him?

The Duke noted that militant sparkle with pleasure. The plan that he was considering would not work with a meekly submissive girl.

“What of your second thoughts?” he inquired silkily. “I am sure you have had them! Are you already reconciled to the match? Have you and your mama discussed the advantages of marriage to a Duke—a wealthy Duke?”

Dani interrupted icily. “You asked the child for her honest feelings. She began to give them to you. I shall not permit you to patronize or insult my daughter.” She lifted her chin proudly. “Now that we have fulfilled the request of King Louis and presented his note to your own monarch, we shall leave this—this house which has received us so grudgingly. You may make whatever excuses you choose to your Prince and your friends!” She turned to the white-faced girl. “Come, Tiri!”

“A dramatic gesture!” sneered the Duke. His mother was staring at him intently. Now that he had accomplished the greatly-to-be desired end of driving the interlopers from Mall House, surely he would not jeopardize his success with further talk? But it seemed that he would. He was saying to the two Frenchwomen, who halted on their way to the door, “Do you intend leaving at once, or will you wait until your trunks can be packed and other accommodations arranged for you?”

Dani, disconcerted by this new direction, which would seem to imply that their sponsor did not want them to leave his mother’s home, scanned his face with a frown. “Other accommodations?” she echoed.

“You did not intend to spend the night in the park or on the street, I hope?” His sarcasm greatly angered Tiri.

She sprang to her maman’s defense. “Such extreme measures, while they might be preferable to another night in this house, are not necessary! We have a friend who will be glad to give us shelter for as long as we wish!”

The Duke frowned in his turn. “May I be permitted to know the name of this—friend? Could he by any chance be the sender of that rather ostentatious armful of red roses that was just delivered? Could your friend and savior by any chance be Sir Hilary Conray?”

“And if he were?” challenged Tiri.

“Quite ineligible,” snapped the Duke. “It would ruin not only your chance for a suitable marriage, but your mother’s. I trust you do have marriage in mind—this time?” he taunted the older woman.

Dani turned wordlessly to leave the room.

Tiri was not so quickly routed. She strode toward the Duke and, taking a position in front of him, slapped his face as hard as she could. Then she followed her maman out of the room.

As the door closed behind them, the Duchess looked at her son. “I should be delighted at what you have just done,” she said slowly. “It is, in fact, what I myself have already tried to do. Yet, Daral”—her somber visage held a kind of distress—“I feel sorry for the child. I think perhaps you went too far.”

The white mark was fading into red on the Duke’s cheek. His expression was inscrutable.

“Did you hope to dislodge them, Daral? Or did you expect such rough-dealing to bend them to your will?” his mother continued.

“I was testing them—both of them. I must admit,” he touched his cheek ruefully, “I was surprised by their reactions. I had wondered if the woman would rail and scream like a fishwife—or, should I say, like Lady Bridget? I expected the girl would cry or even plead with me. It seems I was mistaken on both counts.”

It did not seem to his mother that he was too distressed by the outcome of his campaign. “You achieved your purpose, however. They will leave today.”

“I think not,” said the Duke. For the first time the smile that he gave his mother was not an icy one. “May I compliment you, Mama, upon your compassion for the girl? You surprise me!” and to her shock and delight he bent, took her hand, and raised it to his lips. Then he walked lightly from the room.

As he mounted the handsome curving stairway whose side wall was graced by an excellent painting of himself by Lely, the Duke congratulated himself upon the smooth working of his plan, conceived during the dark hours after the last guest had departed from his new residence the night before. Already, Step One had been accomplished successfully: to make the French filly angry enough to break off their engagement. She’d done it, the little vixen! He rubbed his cheek wryly. The purpose of the exercise, he reminded himself, was to convince him, by her refusal to wed him, that she was not a cold-hearted, mercenary schemer.

The second step, envisioned in delightful fantasy as the dawn was filtering reluctantly through the smoky skies over London, was to make the fiery little beauty fall in love with him—cap over windmill, head over heels, passionately in love. He had not tried to consider what he would do in such an event. It had been the satisfying details of the fantasy that had lulled him, finally, to sleep.

The Duke told himself, as he prepared to knock upon their bedroom door, he had only to assure himself that the chit really meant to leave, and was throwing away her chance to hold him to the engagement. Then Step Two could be set in motion. To his surprise, the door stood partly open. The Duke decided quite ruthlessly to eavesdrop.

Having already dispatched a footman to bring their trunks to their room, Dani and Tiri were busily pulling their garments out of the great wardrobe. It gave them both considerable satisfaction to release their emotions in physical exercise. Tiri, particularly, was tossing cloaks and gown onto her maman’s bed with such vigor that Dani was forced to request her to proceed more gently, lest she ruin the garments.

“And if we do?” challenged Tiri.

“You are saying we will have little use for such costumes when we are acting as servants in someone’s house?” asked her mother.

Tiri halted and stared at her. “You plan to become a servant?”

Dani shrugged. “I am not really trained to become a governess, and I do not think any sensible female would hire me as a companion,” she said, the mischievous twinkle back in her lovely eyes.

“But Sir Hilary? I thought—” stammered the girl.

“You thought I would foist us both onto the poor man? Ah, non, ma petite! When I go to Hilary—if I go,” she corrected herself, “it will be because he begs me, not because I beg him!”

“I see,” said Tiri slowly. She sat down on the side of the bed, thinking hard. “Then perhaps I should not have been so—so—”

“So hasty? Or so violent?” Dani chuckled. “You sprang to my defense like a young tigress, my Tiri! I am so proud of you!”

“I lost us our chance to compromise, to stay here until I am wedded,” admitted the girl, sadly.

Dani wrinkled her pretty nose. “I do not think either of us really wanted that marriage de convenance for you, little doll. Here in this new country we are free at last from the past—its mistakes at least. Do you not agree we might begin to think of this journey from Paris, from France, as an adventure, a beginning, and free ourselves from the trappings of the past?”

“Very poetic,” came a deep, familiar voice from the half-open doorway, “but a little impractical, don’t you think?”

Both women turned quickly to confront the Duke, but his keen glance noted that Dani did not seem as surprised to see him as did her daughter.

“Do you have something more practical to suggest?” Dani asked.

She knew I was testing them, thought the Duke with reluctant admiration. Now I wonder if she also guesses my other plan? He flashed them a smile that told them nothing.

“I do have a suggestion,” he offered casually. “Accept my deep apologies for my rudeness downstairs. Agree to stay here for one more week. Then we may all go down to my estate near Hastings. Let the interest in our engagement die down—”

“So we can break it off with no blame attaching itself to you?” said Tiri scornfully.

“But I thought that was what you wanted,” the Duke reminded her.

Tiri stared at him with suspicion. “I did—I do!” she agreed, too hastily. Then she turned to Dani as she thought of another objection. “Maman will not wish to leave London just now—”

“Oh, but I will!” Dani corrected her. “It is an excellent plan!”

Tiri noted her mother’s animated expression doubtfully. “You would wish to remove yourself from a certain person’s vicinity?” she prodded.

“Absence,” quoted the Duke lightly, “makes the heart grow fonder.” He caught their puzzled glances and grinned. “It’s a quotation by a man called Davison of a saying popular about two hundred years ago. We English are always well in the lead in native shrewdness.”

Dani flashed him a naughty smile. “If the saying is true—and who would dare challenge English wisdom?—perhaps you should not come with us to Hastings?”

The Duke laughed. “So that you can become fond of me?”

Tiri was surprised to see a charming smile on his well-cut lips and suddenly wished very hard that it had been she, rather than her maman, who had brought that softness to his mouth.

Dani was quipping back, “So that you may become fonder of us!”

The Duke was reminded that he had a gift for his mother’s guests—vouchers for Almacks’, which he now presented. Both ladies were suitably impressed. Then Dani recalled that an invitation had been offered by the Prince of Wales for the Duchess of Lansdale and her guests to attend a soirée at Carlton House, and that the invitation had been accepted. One would not care to leave town before attending such a dazzling event as this was sure to be! So it was decided that the party would journey down to Hastings within two weeks.

It seemed, at the time, to be a pleasant and sensible course of action, which would unobtrusively prepare for the ultimate breaking off of the engagement between His Grace, the Duke of Lansdale and Mademoiselle de Granville.





Chapter 9



Less than two weeks later, disaster struck.

There was little cause to suspect the direction from which the blow would come or the devastating power of it. In fact, affairs were marching well for the de Granvilles, as Dani rather smugly told her daughter. There had been extravagant daily bouquets of roses from Sir Hilary, although he did not show his face at Mall House. Invitations continued to pour in for the Frenchwomen, who were becoming the Pets of Society. Sometimes Dani seemed a little distrait, but when Tiri asked the reason for her pensive mood, her mother at once brightened and told her to try a new coiffure for her drive out with Princess Mary through Hyde Park.

Tiri wondered if her mother’s unease might spring from the behavior of the Duchess. Lady Letitia’s momentary softness, displayed on the day of Duchess’s At Home, was not repeated. In fact, as the social star of the de Granvilles rose and glittered over the Beau Monde, the Duchess’s attitude became ever more forbidding. Since they must remain for these last few days in the dour mansion, Dani made a laudable effort to help her hostess by suggesting that she go with her to select a new gown for Prinny’s soirée.

This friendly gesture was rejected with every evidence of loathing.

“I believe, madame,” Her Grace commented, “that I am quite capable of knowing what is in good taste in London—whatever the excesses of the French mode.”

Such a quelling reply could not be met with a civil answer; Dani merely nodded and dropped the subject. The question of her own costume for Almacks’ was exercising the Frenchwoman. She knew—none better!—how quickly the smile of Fashion can turn to bitter rejection. It seemed necessary to Dani that she and Tiri should not put forward a foot wrong in regard to their behavior or their appearance during this vital, final two weeks. There was the eternal and inevitable problem of their clothing. Two trunks were not an inexhaustible well, and since Dani refused, like a good French housewife, to accept any further monetary assistance from the elusive Sir Hilary (believing that he might have need of it all later when he took a wife), there was no money to purchase replacements for their often-worn costumes. They had managed so far by the skillful use of lace and silk shawls, fichus, exchanged petticoats, and the judicious garnish of Dani’s few but excellent sets of jewels. When the Wednesday night of Almacks’ Ball and Supper approached, however, Dani knew that she must present no slightest occasion for gossip or criticism.

She therefore decided upon the black velvet she had worn for her Presentation, with the black lace shawl doubled and draped most discreetly over her shoulders and breast. On top of this she wore the diamond parure—necklace, earrings and bracelet—that Louis had given her. But her bright golden hair! She could powder it; such was the almost universal custom. Still, it had become almost a signature of the de Granvilles, and she hated to abandon it at this point. Such evidence of insecurity would be leaped upon immediately by the gabble mongers. Then Dani’s brow cleared, and she giggled softly.

In full regalia, and with a black silk shawl draped over one arm, she made her way to the apartments of the Duchess. Her quiet knock received permission to enter. The Duchess and her dresser looked up at the somberly elegant figure in the open doorway.

“I have come to Your Grace for instruction in the proper draping of a turban,” Dani said quietly, offering the shawl as evidence. “Your own turbans are so exactly in the mode that I dared hope you might instruct me.”

Dani waited in the doorway for permission to come further into her hostess’s room.

There was a tricky moment of silence. Then Lady Letitia, quite unable to resist the opportunity of schooling the too-attractive Frenchwoman, beckoned her in. The dresser closed the door and stood ready to implement any of her mistress’s commands.

“You are placing yourself among the dowagers tonight, then?” snipped the Duchess, pushing home the point.

“What else?” asked Dani lightly. “I am a widow and not a contender in the Marriage Stakes. I shall be taking my place among the chaperones.”

Her salted reference to the chief business of Almacks’—the launching of a daughter or female protégée—did not seem to displease the Duchess. With the slightest lessening of her habitual hauteur, she and her dresser proceeded to drape the Countess’s silk shawl into a passable turban. As they formed it, it quite eclipsed the beautiful golden hair, lending a more austere look to the lovely features. Since this was exactly the effect Dani wanted, all three ladies were satisfied with the result of their efforts.

Tiri’s eyebrows rose a few minutes later, when Dani came into her daughter’s room to superintend the final touches on Tiri’s costume.

“Maman! What is that thing on your head?” burst from the girl’s lips at first sight of the turban.

Dani’s solemn face broke into a grin. Then, miming a formidable hauteur, she said, “I am a Chaperone! Ready to sit among the dowagers and make waspish comments on all the prettiest ladies on the dance floor. Reputations cut up with a whisper! Beware you do not get on the wrong side of me, miss!”

They both laughed, but Tiri still looked worried.

“Trust me, little cabbage,” said her mother. “The word is discretion! Circumspection!”

“That is two words,” Tiri advised, and they laughed again.

“Now we must see to you, my little golden doll,” murmured her maman. For this most important occasion, they had decided upon a dress in palest sapphire blue, which Tiri liked least of her costumes. It was made in rather too ingenuous style to suit a seventeen-year-old with aspirations to attract masculine attention. The neckline had been high and rounded at the throat, the skirt cut so voluminously as to resemble, said Tiri, a folded tent. This carping had brought about a series of slight alterations; and even Dani, who had made them, was hardly prepared for the delightful effectiveness of the remodeled garment. The neck had been cut not round but square over the softly swelling breasts. The bunchy skirt had been reduced to a softly draped narrow fall, which served to emphasize, without exploiting, the tiny waist, slender hips, and long coltish legs. Dani went to her jewel box and extracted the sapphires that the Duke had given them both. “These are perfect with the costume,” she said firmly, “as well as being a delicate thank-you to His Grace, who is escorting us to Almacks’. You will wear them, if you please, Therese Marie!”

Tiri, who had her mouth open to protest, closed it and put on the lovely jewels. It was not often that her mother addressed her by her full given name, or in such a voice. She glanced anxiously at herself in the mirror. The earrings gleamed delicately from her lobes, partly screened by restrained waves of red gold hair. The golden and sapphire bracelet set off her slender white wrist very effectively. Tiri suddenly felt armored against the hazards of London’s most exclusive social club.

The evening passed smoothly. Dani maintained her resolve to sit by the wall, placing herself unobtrusively near but not crowding the Duchess, who had her own little coterie of gossips. These did, however, include Her Grace’s guest in some of the less intimate gossip, to which Dani listened with an air of polite interest. The Duke took his mama out for the first dance, then very correctly offered for Dani. Since it was a short, unexceptionable quadrille, she accepted, and performed it with dignity.

When the Duke returned her to the line of turbaned chaperones, he asked, clearly enough to be heard by everyone nearby, “May I have the honor to lead out your daughter, ma’am?”

Dani nodded with all the aplomb of a Lady Cowper or Castlereagh, those two despotic Patronesses. The Duke took Tiri’s hand, and escorted her up to a square that was forming. He was greeted pleasantly by the other dancers, and he managed to introduce Tiri to them before the music started.

The girl, at first nervous that she might put a foot wrong, was soon feeling more at ease. Her natural sparkle soon asserted itself, and many eyes turned to watch the beautiful little dancer. The Duke acknowledged a feeling of satisfaction at partnering the prettiest young woman on the floor. He opened the rather disjointed conversation with a patronizing, “You are looking very attractive tonight, Mam’selle!”

“As fine as fivepence,” agreed Tiri with a twinkle in her large blue eyes.

This startled an unexpected laugh out of the Duke, who then regarded his protégée with an admonitory eye. “A little less of the cant, Miss de Granville,” he murmured, in quite a different tone.

Tiri smiled. “I am so happy to be out upon the floor, where, one hopes, some eligible parti may catch a glimpse of me,” she said, daringly. “Thank you for asking me.”

The Duke glanced around him at the rest of the dancers in their group. Mercifully, none of them had caught the low-voiced remark. The Duke realized that he would have to have a serious talk with this little opportunist, but he also knew that she would probably give him an argument if he cautioned her. He could almost hear her saying, “But everyone calls it the Marriage Mart! Surely they understand why they are coming here!” Exhaling a longsuffering sigh, he waited for the next quiet moment when they stood together to whisper a warning. “You must watch your tongue, Tiri! An incautious remark can blast your whole career! You are supposed to be engaged to me!”

He was rewarded by a suddenly worried look on the girl’s face, and wondered why he felt guilty. Surely it was safer to be circumspect than sorry. As the dance continued, the girl’s infectious gaiety made their group the most observed of any on the floor, but the apprehensive nobleman could not fault her manners or her choice of comment. With exasperation he became aware that his little vixen was in a fair way to becoming the Belle of the Ball. A series of noblemen requested permission to lead her out, but her youthful charm did not degenerate into smug complacence or vainglory at her signal success. Instead she remained modest, charmingly grateful for the attention bestowed upon her, and remarkably self-possessed.

Dani felt the thrill of triumph. Even the Duchess unbent sufficiently to mention the child’s pretty behavior, although she ended with the gloomy prediction that it would soon disappear under the flattering attentions of London’s most eligible bachelors.

“She would have to have a level head to remain unmoved by that one’s gallantries,” she indicated the young Earl of Swanden, leading Tiri out for the second time. “Had you not better warn her that while two dances are acceptable, a third with the same partner is too particular for good breeding?”

“She knows it,” said Dani softly, and was proven correct by Tiri’s firm but gentle refusal of the third offer from the young nobleman.

At this point the Duke of Lansdale appeared again and calmly informed Tiri that all the rest of her dances, including the supper dance, were to be his.

“But I must not!” breathed the girl, thrilled that the handsomest man in the hall wished to be her partner. “Maman says, never more than two—”

“I am your fiancé,” stated the Duke incontrovertibly, but he spoiled it by adding, “In case you had forgotten, in your rush of popularity.”

Tiri would have pouted had she not known that many eyes were upon them. Instead she nodded and whispered, under the guise of a sweet smile, “I had not forgotten it. I thought you had.”

The Duke’s clasp on her arm tightened, but he forbore to rebuke her pertness. As he led her to the supper table, he said gently, “The sapphires become you, Tiri. They match your bright eyes.”

Since this was the first admiring speech he had ever made to her—to say nothing of using her pet name for the first time—the girl glowed and opened under the warmth of his words. The Duke being a competent maneuverer, they found themselves soon after seated at a small table with full plates of goodies before them.

“It is not much,” said the Duke as he gloomily surveyed the combination of small sandwiches, dry biscuits, buttered tea cakes. Tiri, too hungry to be critical, was absorbing the morsels on her plate with ladylike gusto. The Duke grinned at her.

“My mother keeps you on short commons, does she not? You would not otherwise be so greedy for these wretched scraps. Try the ratafia! That is perfectly acceptable for a young lady, and much to be preferred to cold tea.”

This seemed to her a witty remark, and she laughed softly, her eyes bright and her lovely face flushed with pleasure. Lady Jersey, who could be kind enough if the whim took her, was pleased to come and compliment the little newcomer whom she had hardly noticed when the chit had been presented to her earlier.

“This is a pretty little fledgling you have snared yourself, Lansdale,” she said, and she smiled at the handsome man who had risen to greet her approach. “I understand congratulations are in order?” She bestowed a smile upon the dazzled girl. “Yes, she should suit very well, sir. A charming ornament to your House.” Lady Jersey drifted off to tell one of her bosom bows that that child would scarcely furnish a mouthful for the Duchess, and she pitied the little French waif.

Quite unaware of any need to regret her situation, Tiri was basking in the exciting, if temporary, approval of her pseudo fiancé. Thirstily she finished her glass of ratafia.

“This is delicious!” she said, beaming at her partner. “Do you suppose I might have another glass?”

The Duke elevated an eyebrow. “Of ratafia? Well, I suppose so, if you like the stuff.” He rose from their table to get her a second glass. Tiri’s gaze followed his tall, splendid figure as he lounged over to the buffet. Surely shoulders were never so broad under dark green velvet! Nor legs so sturdy and powerful in white satin breeches, which were de rigueur for Almacks’! She knew a quick fierce stab of regret that this engagement was not real. If only the arrogant nobleman might come to care for her in reality as he was pretending to do now! She sighed and glanced around for her maman and the Duchess. The latter was eating at a round table with several friends. There was no sign of Dani.

When the Duke brought back her glass of the aromatic drink (peaches, she thought, with brandy and a trace of spices), she asked him if he had seen Dani. Standing at her side, his great frame towering over her seated figure, His Grace scanned the room.

“Not here. Possibly she is still in the ballroom. Do you wish to go to seek her?”

“Tossing off the ratafia, Tiri rose at once. “Yes, if you please.”

“You are remarkably acquiescent tonight, Tiri. Can it be you are trying to win my approval?”

Tiri glanced up into the beautiful green eyes which seemed to be probing her very heart. Her own gaze dropped, unable to sustain that jewel-hard demand. “Surely that must be an object with me, after all your kindness to us?” she murmured.

The Duke frowned. Taking her by the elbow, he led her back to the ballroom.

They saw Dani at once. She was strolling toward them on the arm of the young Earl of Swanden. There was a general milling about as gallants sought partners for the next dance, and acquaintances gathered in small groups for an exchange of pleasantries. Dani’s rather serious expression softened into a smile as she caught sight of Tiri and Daral.

“There you are! Good! The Earl has suggested that we join you in a glass of orgeat.”

“Your favorite tipple, Swanden?” inquired the Duke, shuddering ostentatiously.

The younger man colored darkly with resentment at this slur. “I should rather say not! I always eat a huge dinner before attending one of these affairs. The collation the Patronesses provide is quite beneath contempt!”

“Then if not to urge us to indulge,” sneered the Duke, “why were you seeking my fiancée and me?”

The Earl, very young, very green, and very rich, was not yet accustomed to the slights and put-downs any pretender to the role of Nobleman-about-Town must endure. He was plainly put out by the Duke’s cavalier treatment. His boyish face flushed unattractively as he glared at the older man. Then one word of the Duke’s remark suddenly registered. “Fiancée?” He stared at Tiri and Dani, then at the Duke. His frown vanished. “Ah! I see!” He bowed to Dani, then with a knowing smile, said, “So you are the mysterious Frenchwoman who has taken the eye of our most famous bachelor!” Turning to the Duke, he said throatily, “Pray forgive me, Your Grace! I know you will do so when I confess that I was hoping to secure the good will of Madame la Comtesse so that I might further my acquaintance with her most charming daughter!” and he beamed upon the Duke and the two women.

It is a question which of the three was the more offended, yet for obvious reasons, none of them could express anger. Dani, much as she loved Tiri, could hardly enjoy being told she had been courted as a means of access to her daughter. The latter was deeply annoyed at the easy assumption that the Duke would prefer her maman to herself. Daral, with more self-control than either of his companions, was disturbed to discover how angry the young stripling’s pursuit of Tiri had made him. Mastering a desire to hurl the immature Lothario down the stairs, he smiled grimly.

“May I introduce the Countess of Granville and her daughter, Therese, my fiancée?” His slight bow in each case indicated the person named.

The Earl’s self-control was greatly inferior to the Duke’s “Miss Therese is your intended? But you are too old for her!” he exclaimed, quite losing that air of casual sangfroid which he always tried so hard to maintain.

His comment was the last straw. The Duke’s countenance became an arrogant mask.

“Not too old, I think, to meet you tomorrow morning—if you are not too young for a gentleman’s affair of honor!”

Dani took charge of the explosive situation before these two English gamecocks could endanger all her plans, as well as their own reputations.

“Ah, alas! It will be quite impossible! This charming boy had promised to take me to see the sunrise over Windsor Castle. There will be a party of us, and naturally we cannot disappoint so many!”

The Earl, while grateful for any defense against the hideous threat of a duel with an acknowledged master, was still so astonished to hear that he had made so unlikely a proposal as a dawn drive into the country that his jaw literally dropped, leaving his mouth open rather unattractively.

Observing his horror, the Duke felt a reluctant smile tugging at his lips. Dani was right, of course—where had she gotten the idea of a sunrise drive to Windsor? It was only a fraction less repulsive to the Earl than a duel, if his expression could be believed!—to duel with this halfling would create a nasty scandal. Smoothly he followed Dani’s lead, making a laughing apology.

“You are right, Swanden! A predawn drive to appreciate the beauties of nature is indeed beyond one of my years! I wish you happy with it!” He smiled, bowed, and offered his arm to Tiri. “Our dance, my dear, I believe!” he said and swept her onto the floor where the sets were now forming.

Tiri was very quiet as the figures proceeded. The Duke, rather pluming himself on his skill in getting out of a brangle (conveniently forgetting that he had himself initiated it), decided to challenge the girl as soon as he had her to himself. This happened at the end of the dance, when, instead of returning her to the row of seats where her mama and the other chaperones sat, he led her to one of a series of small alcoves open to the ballroom but affording a slight measure of privacy.

“I believe I handled that hot-headed young cawker quite neatly,” he began.

“You would be engaged to fight a duel with him in a few hours, had it not been for Dani’s intervention,” the girl said quietly.

Tiri’s response, although accurate, annoyed the Duke. What right had the little chit to adopt a critical tone to him? He frowned portentously.

“He would never have accepted. You do not understand these matters! He would have begged my pardon and withdrawn from the field.”

Tiri did not appear convinced. Instead she said soberly, “The incident makes it clear to me that we are going about this situation in quite the wrong way.”

The Duke was completely at sea and did not hesitate to show it. What bee had the girl in her bonnet now? The musicians struck up the next dance, and the Duke grinned like a boy as he heard the music.

“Do you waltz, Tiri? Shall we venture it?”

“I am told one must have permission from the Patronesses,” objected Tiri. “I must not mark myself as fast. Besides, we need to talk, Your Grace.”

“Then we shall talk!” said His Grace regretfully. “I had a fancy to hold you in my arms.”

This remark startled both of them. Rather quietly the two in the alcove watched the pairs of dancers swinging so smoothly past them to the fascinating music. Finally the Duke turned to the girl. “Talk!” he ordered.

Tiri took a deep, steadying breath. She experienced a strange reluctance to state the conclusions she had come to. “I cannot see,” she began, low-voiced, “that parading our so-called engagement before the eligible men in the Ton is going to solve my problem.”

His Grace, bending toward her to catch her low-spoken words, presented too particular an image of the besotted male for his mother’s notions of propriety to endure. She had been watching the two ever since they returned from supper. She had noted their retreat to the alcove and, worse, had been the recipient of several barbs from her cronies on her imminent elevation to dowagerhood. She now bore down upon the culprits like a ship under full sail and swept them up with the same battering force. Almost before they knew it, Daral and Tiri found themselves in the supper room sipping the despised orgeat.

The Duke was quietly furious. “You interrupted an important conference.” He then told his mother the one thing he knew would rouse in her a rage of self-hatred. “Tiri was about to explain to me why we should announce the breakoff of our engagement at once.”

Lady Letitia’s expression revealed all too well her chagrin. It appeared, if her son spoke truly, that she had, by her interruption, prevented the very outcome she so desperately desired.

“Can we—can you not continue the conversation?” she asked, very humbly for her.

Tiri was ready to agree, but the Duke slammed the door on further discussion. “It is late, and this place bores me,” he said crisply. “We shall collect your other guest, dear Mama, and make our adieux to our hostesses,” and he swept all three ladies along remorselessly in the strong tide of his will.

They were very soon settled in the elegant carriage, the three ladies rather crowding the spacious rear seat with their costumes, the Duke sprawled at his ease facing them. Tiri wished she could have slapped the smug smile off his handsome face, but something more than good breeding held her back, even from making a comment. The cheerful, effervescent Dani was also silent; she stared unseeingly out the window at the darkened streets through which the carriage jolted. Only the Duchess ventured rashly to break the charged silence.

“About the conference—” she began.

“Leave it, Mama,” advised her son coldly.

“Perhaps tomorrow morning?” Lady Letitia persisted doggedly.

“I shall be leaving quite early for Hastings in the morning,” the Duke informed her. “Alone.”

This effectively cut off dialogue. Nothing further was said on the way to Mall House.





Chapter 10



Very early the following morning, a young woman in the first stare of elegance descended from a hackney in front of the Duke of Lansdale’s Town house and presented herself at the door. Hull, the butler, recognized his master’s fiancée and bundled her inside before any passersby could become aware of her identity. In a disapproving tone he inquired what he could do for her. “His Grace,” Hull told her, “is not yet come out of his rooms!”

“Then you must send someone up to fetch him, Hull, for it is most important that I speak to him at once. I have been awake almost the whole night over this matter, Hull. Please send for His Grace!”

Hull was not proof against huge, tear-filled blue eyes. She did look rather hagged, poor little female, he decided. Hull was not normally a lenient man, having been especially chosen by the Duke for his expert ability to discourage pretension, but he had been the Duke’s butler for more than seven years and knew a good deal about the Duke’s affairs. Something’s gone wrong with the engagement, he surmised, or perhaps it’s that mother of his making things nasty. So he settled Mam’selle in the cozy morning room and brought her a cup of coffee and some fresh baked rolls. Since he had also despatched a footman to announce Mam’selle’s arrival to the Duke, Tiri was willing to break her fast in moderate patience.

Within a remarkably short space of time His Grace entered the morning room. Hull observed that his master also had shadows under his eyes, although his expression revealed nothing and his manner was correctly aloof and courteous.

With a nod of dismissal for Hull, the Duke poured himself a cup of coffee and took the last roll from the basket in front of Tiri.

“We shall not be interrupted,” he said, sitting down across the table where he could see every shade of feeling upon the pale little face before him. “Suppose you explain your very unconventional arrival at my home at this hour?” He was sternly repressing a fear that the chit was trying to force him to free her by threat of a scandal. But she did not look defiant, or devious, or anything but very young, very tired—and very sweet.

An unaccustomed tenderness softened his usual harsh attitude. “Would you like to tell me why you are here?” he urged gently.

“I have come,” said the girl with a proud lift of her small chin, “to talk about our engagement.”

Curiously reluctant to continue with this particular topic, the Duke interposed quickly, “To thank me for saving your face? But—”

“No,” interrupted the girl doggedly, “to tell you it won’t work. To release you from it.” She caught a deep breath. “How can I interest a possible partner if I am supposed to be going to marry you? I should think you would have realized that.”

“Or that your mama would!” retorted the Duke crossly. “She is supposed to have superior social skills, coming from the most elegant Court in Europe!”

The minute the words left his mouth, the Duke regretted them. Tiri’s little face went even paler, which put the huge, dark-shadowed eyes into greater prominence. The soft mouth trembled, and then became firm.

“I think we were all taken by surprise when your Prince made his dramatic announcement,” she said. “I meant no blame upon you, Your Grace. Your quick recovery and your most generous announcement prevented a social disaster for my maman and myself. I pray you, do not think we are ungrateful! It is as much for your own sake as for ours that I—I thrust myself upon your notice this morning. You did say you were going into the country today?”

“I said that only to prevent the Duchess from trying to manipulate us all. You are fortunate, Tiri, in your agreeable relationship with your mama. My experience has been quite otherwise. I am, perhaps understandably, wary.”

Tiri nodded.”But you do see that we must have a new plan of action if we are to release you from this intolerable burden, do you not, Your Grace?”

“I wish you would call me Daral,” the Duke heard himself saying.

Tiri was willing to do more than that to placate this dazzling, difficult man; she would be willing to do anything that would help him—and solve their problem. So she said, rather shyly, “Of course, Daral, and you must call me Tiri.”

The Duke was staring at her with an odd, intent look upon his face. “Why did they call you Tiri? It is a ridiculous name!”

Still trying to conciliate, Tiri explained, “It is the way I tried to say my name, Therese, when I was very small.”

“I thought it might be another of Louis’ pet names for you—like poupée dorée, golden doll,” said Daral, quite unable to resist the barb from long habit in talking with his mama.

Tiri looked at him sternly. “We shall never resolve our difficulties if you persist in these sneers and taunts,” she told him.

The Duke had the grace to look ashamed—probably for the first time in his life.

Waiting a moment to see if he had anything to say, Tiri went on firmly, “Now what are we to do about breaking the engagement without harm to either of us?”

“A good question,” said the Duke, who was staring at her soft mouth. “I wish I had a good answer to it.”

Regarding him for a long moment, and finding herself quite unable to read anything in that handsome mask, the girl proposed slowly, “Could we put it about that maman and I had been called back to France?—”

“After just fleeing from Paris in a panic?” interpolated the Duke with a sneer.

“You know we did not flee! We were despatched!”

“I hope that does not become general knowledge!”

Deep color infused the girl’s cheeks. The Duke cursed himself for an inept and cruel bungler. Why did he keep hurting the child, when his real feelings were so different? Was it because he feared the strength of these new, too powerful desires?

The girl was going on. “We could say that Dani was recalled to Brittany to deal with family matters—the estate?”

“That would be an acceptable excuse,” admitted the Duke. “My mother and I wondered why you had not gone there in the first place.”

“Because,” said Tiri bitterly, “it is quite impossible—the last place we could go! The present Comte de Granville hates and despises my mother, although she did not go to Paris until after my father died. He expected her to remain at Granville and act as an unpaid housekeeper for himself and his wife. He would never permit us to take refuge there.”

“I did not know,” muttered the Duke. The girl seemed to put him in the wrong whenever she spoke. “Not Brittany, then. Still, the idea is a good one. Perhaps you could go elsewhere, and we could put it about that you had returned to the family estates. With the political situation as explosive as it is in France, it is almost impossible that anyone would be likely to prove us wrong.”

“That would do,” agreed the girl. “There remains the question of our true destination.”

“Have you no relatives, no friends anywhere?” probed the Duke, feeling like a murderer.

“None,” said Tiri. “We have each other, Maman and I. We shall survive.” She squared her shoulders. “Now as to details. Will you circulate the news of our —our sudden recall to France? When would it be best for us to go?”

“You have forgotten one very important matter,” said the Duke. “If you disappear from Polite Society, how will you make this advantageous marriage you so eagerly seek?”

The girl stared at him “From what I have already seen of the Polite World, I shall not at all miss marrying into it. My mother and I have already discussed alternatives,” she said haughtily, to end the discussion.

His Grace was not to be put off so easily. “Such as?”

The starkness of the question caught her off guard. She began to stammer, “Companion . . . governess . . .” At his smiling incredulity, she snapped, “Housemaid, if need be! It is honest work!”

“But not work to which you are accustomed,” Daral put in.

“I can learn! I am not stupid, Your Grace!”

“Daral,” he reminded her.

The girl gazed resentfully at him. He seemed much relaxed, cheerful even, as the forecast for her own future grew darker. She began to feel the stirring of that temper which so often betrayed her. With an effort of will she subdued it, and spoke in a consciously brighter voice.

“My mother has a—a possible situation in view. When she is—established, she will no doubt be able to place me.”

“No,” said His Grace firmly.

The girl’s eyes widened. “No?” she faltered.

“No. If you think I am going to have it known throughout London that my fiancée is the protégée of a ne’er-do-well like Hilary Conray!—”

“How dare you!” gasped the girl. “I would not be your fiancée by that time!”

The Duke ignored this. “I do not know what sort of agreement Dani has come to with that middle-aged adventurer, but you, my dear Therese, are not going to be any part of a ménage à trois—even as their housemaid! No,” halting her furious attempt to reply with an uplifted hand and an equally furious countenance, “you will be quiet, Tiri, and allow those older and wiser than yourself to get us out of this imbroglio!” He glared at the angry girl until he was satisfied that she was silenced. Then he said, more gently, “I shall order a small, closed carriage to take you back to Mall House. Tell your mama I shall wait upon you both, late this afternoon, to avoid the press of your callers.” He rose and gave her a quizzical smile. “Damn Prinny!” he said, with laughter in his voice. “As usual, rushing in with his romantic notions, when a more satisfactory solution might have worked itself out if he’d left us to our own devices!”

What was that supposed to mean? wondered Tiri, at once confused and excited by the warmth of the smile he was giving her.

Hull had the small, closed hackney waiting at the side door, on the drive that led to the Duke’s stables. Daral helped Tiri in, and before he closed the door, he gave her a final warning.

“The coachman has orders to take you to the mews at the rear of Mall House, so you can slip in through the kitchen. Tell Dani I’ll see you both this afternoon. And please, Tiri! No desperate decisions until we meet?” He bent over and pressed a hard kiss on her lips. “Agreed?”

“Yes, Daral,” said the girl, amazed at how easy and pleasant submission to the arrogant Duke could be.





Chapter 11



The invitation from Carlton House arrived that morning. Fallow took it at once to his mistress’s door and gave it to her dresser with a speaking look.

Lady Letitia had never aspired to hobnob with the Royal Family. She was also aware that Their Majesties heartily disapproved of Carlton House, the private establishment of the Prince of Wales. The Duchess had certainly never expected to be invited to a mansion that was the talk of England. Yet here was the invitation, delivered by hand, writ fair upon heavy paper, requesting the presence of The Duchess of Lansdale and her house guests to dinner and an evening of music! Wild horses could not have kept her away.

Commanding her dresser to finish with her hair quickly, she sent a maid to inform the Frenchwomen of the honor to be done them. Rather to her surprise, both ladies waited upon her at once. In spite of her pleasure in the royal invitation, Lady Letitia could not resist a waspish remark. Noting their bandbox neatness and their modish gowns, she said, “You are early up, ladies! Or are you just getting to bed?”

“I have just returned from a conference with the Duke,” said Tiri quietly. “He is coming here late this afternoon to consult with us all—”

The Duchess interrupted. “You have called upon my son already this morning?” she stared censoriously at Dani. “Did you know your daughter was making such an unconventional call, madame?”

“She did not,” Tiri answered. “I believed you were as anxious as I am to have this false engagement ended.”

Since this was undeniable, Lady Letitia’s guns were spiked. There was now, however, the matter of the invitation to Carlton House. The Duchess had to admit that she owed it to the Frenchwomen. If she got rid of them too soon, there might be awkward questions asked by the Prince. She forced an amiable expression onto her features.

“Oh, I have been thinking about that,” she said airily.”I am quite sure we should do nothing to stir up conjecture until the end of the Season.” Ignoring their expressions of surprise, she went on hastily, “Did you say my son was coming today to discuss the subject? I shall try to persuade him not to do anything disruptive until the engagement has ceased to be a matter of gossip.”

There seemed little to say in response to this, although Tiri was privately of the opinion that, much as she might wish the pseudo contract to continue, His Grace was not one to be lightly persuaded. Dani and Tiri went down to the morning room, where breakfast was being served. While they were eating, Fallow entered; he looked very conscious of the message he brought.

“A gentleman to see the Countess. It is Sir Hilary Conray.”

Dani debated whether to ask him to join them for coffee, but reluctantly decided against it. This was not her own home; she did not feel that Lady Letitia would welcome “the adventurer.” She rose gracefully and, with a smile of reassurance for Tiri, followed Fallow to the drawing room.

Sir Hilary was striding impatiently up and down among the heavy furniture. He came to her at once and seized both her hands in his almost before Fallow had closed the door.

“Sweetheart!” breathed Sir Hilary.

Loosing her hands, he took the full, soft, fragrant body into his arms and kissed Dani’s lips.

The blue eyes widened and then closed languorously. After a timeless time, she released herself gently.

The man stood back a pace. His strong lean face was tired and lined. “I have missed you,” he said simply.

“Your roses were beautiful,” Dani murmured.

“I have been—away,” he told her. “Otherwise I would have been with you every day, despite your resident dragon!”

Dani’s soft throaty laughter seemed to please him. He caught her close again. “When, Dani? When can we be together?”

The woman moved a little in his embrace. Sir Hilary released her at once, but he stood staring intently down into her beautiful face.

“Do you understand how much I want you?” he muttered.

“Is it as much as I want you?” ventured Dani.

He caught her to him again. “Dani!”

She gazed up at him, her expression was serious. “Matters resolve themselves,” she said slowly, “but not quite as I had hoped.” She told him in a few sentences exactly the state of affairs. “The Duke is to come here late today to give us his final instructions. It appears Tiri and I shall be taking flight to Brittany—”

“No!” protested Sir Hilary. “The situation in Paris is white hot! You must not return to France!”

“We shall not,” Dani replied quietly. “No one there would welcome us. It is—how do you say—a trick? No, a ruse, to save face for the Duke and for ourselves, too, after the Prince’s interference.”

“Then where do you go?” demanded Sir Hilary.

Dani shrugged. “If His Grace has no special plan for us, we shall probably go to another, smaller town—Brighton, or Bath. I shall set up as a modistes, with Tiri’s help.” She smiled wryly. “Le bon Dieu knows there is room and to spare in this England for a clever needlewoman who is au courant with high style.”

Sir Hilary wore a horrendous frown. “Brighton? Bath? But which—and when—and how will you get there? To say nothing of the cost of setting up a salon and keeping yourselves until your business is established! I cannot permit it!”

“No?” Dani’s clear blue eyes looked straight into his worried brown ones.

Sir Hilary moved away to pace restlessly up and down the gloomy room. “Dani—” he began.

“Do not concern yourself, Hilary,” the woman said gently. “I will get in touch with you when we are settled. I have your address.”

“Damn!” said Sir Hilary, and strode from the room.

Dani stared for a long time at the door through which he had vanished; her wide eyes were curiously blank.

·



The Duke faced a subdued trio of ladies in the drawing room late that afternoon. Under his imperturbable front seethed a deep excitement, but the time was not yet arrived to disclose his real intent. At the moment, he had instructions for them all. Speaking in a firm, almost harsh voice, he explained the roles he wanted them to play.

“We shall all go to Carlton House to Prinny’s soirée. That is five days from today.” He took three packets of banknotes from one pocket of his black superfine coat and handed one to each of the women. “You will buy the most striking gowns you can acquire in the time you have,” he commanded. “I wish to see you all garbed in a style befitting my consequence.”

This arrogant order was received with varying degrees of annoyance by his companions. Only his mama, however, had the courage—or the foolhardiness—to challenge him.

“This gift of money is insulting!” she fumed. “As though we were all women of easy virtue!” She glared at Dani. “Would it not be more befitting your consequence if the gowns were to be charged to your account at the dressmaker’s?”

His Grace shrugged. “So long as you each get one with all the accessories.”

“I have a costume,” persisted his mother.

“You have nothing that will do for Carlton House,” snapped her son. “I have no wish to be embarrassed before the Ton.”

Dani, now watching them closely, almost prayed that the Duke would not suggest that his mama consult the Frenchwomen. That would indeed put paid to a scheme of her own—to coax and lure the Duchess into accepting her advice. It is little enough to do, to repay her for having us, Dani thought. Reluctant, crabbed, cheese-paring she undoubtedly is, but she gave us a roof and food and her sponsorship. It might have worked out . . .

The Duchess had abandoned her small rebellion and was folding the money neatly into her capacious reticule.

“As for you, Countess, and your daughter, I wish you to present your most impressive appearance. There is a gentleman who may be persuaded to offer for Therese. Oh, he is aware of the equivocal nature of our contract and does not too much regard it.”

“He will be attending the Prince’s soirée?” asked Tiri.

“He will. A word in your ear, Madame la Comtesse. The Prince has spoken of you frequently. He is much épris. I must advise you to be on your guard!”

Although this was lightly rather than seriously spoken, Dani failed to meet the comment with her usual sparkle of humor. Instead, she bent her golden head submissively. The other three stared at her in surprise. Tiri particularly had an anxious expression on her lovely face. What had happened to Maman? After the visit with Sir Hilary, Tiri had expected Dani to be in high gig. Instead there was almost a stunned look deep in her mother’s eyes. Had she quarreled with her adventurer, who was, if Dani spoke truly, the only man she had ever wanted to marry? Poor Dani! Tiri shook her head. The foray into England was not at all working out as they had envisioned it! But perhaps it would be better, in this new land, to work out an independent life for themselves. Tiri squared her small shoulders. We shall contrive! she told herself. She did not have much faith in the mysterious gentleman who was willing to overlook her engagement to a noted peer of the realm.

Of course he could be some country bumpkin who would never get close enough to the Beau Monde again in his life to make his wife’s history a drawback. Or he could be a gross nouveau riche, insensitive to slights. Would any such be welcomed at Carlton House? Tiri did not know. Certainly the Unknown would not be the young Earl of Swanden, who would assuredly have guardians to protect him from such a regrettable mésalliance!

Wearily she shrugged her shoulders and raised her eyes—to encounter the probing thrust of His Grace’s emerald glance. It seemed to go through her to her very heart, a piercing cold green challenge. What do you want of me? The girl longed to cry out. Can you not let me go quietly?

As though he could read her thoughts, the Duke advanced to stand before her. He extended an imperious hand and drew her to her feet. “I think it is time Therese and I talked privately,” he said in the authoritative tones that set his mama’s teeth on edge. Since she was eager to count the sum her son had given her, however, she raised an eyebrow and then rose and left the room. Dani, without a glance at her daughter, followed.

Tiri stared after her. The Duke noted the direction of her gaze. “Something is wrong? Your mama is not well?”

Tiri had no wish to discuss the details of her mother’s condition with the Duke. “What did you want to speak to me about?” she asked.

This was not too promising. The Duke, who had never been a womanizer, nor indeed very much interested in the run of silly débutantes who had come in his way, was not quite sure how to proceed with this difficult little filly. He could take a high hand, but that might antagonize the girl, a development to be avoided, if his plan was to succeed. Instead he tried the effect of a coaxing smile. “Come, Tiri, why that Friday face? Am I not doing my utmost to bring about a happy ending to our little story? Let us be friends!”

Tiri stared up at him with such amazement at his change of front that the Duke was almost betrayed into a chuckle.

“You wish to be my friend?” she asked incredulously.

“Why not?” The Duke scrutinized the lovely little face with interest. He was not quite sure what it was about the girl that drew him so strongly, for she was red-haired, and he had never cared for that color on a woman’s head. It denoted bad temper, he’d always thought. She was small, almost tiny, and he’d always liked tall, willowy females. Yet, small, red-haired kitten that she was, spitting fire at the slightest provocation, he couldn’t get her out of his mind. She was beginning to fascinate him, so that he found himself seeing her wide blue eyes, her small straight nose, and her soft, vulnerable mouth when he should be attending to the business of his estate with his agent, or a difficult hand of cards at White’s or Watier’s. He caught himself going off into a foolish vagueness now as he lost himself in her sea-deep blue gaze.

“Miss Therese!” he said, as sternly as though she had been the one at fault.

Her small face took on a worried expression. She answered his earlier question a little hesitantly. “I have not been ignorant of the trouble to which you and your mother have been put as a result of King Louis’s high-handed request that you give us sanctuary,” she faltered. “Nor have I been unmindful of your continuing kindness. My reluctance to believe in your offer of friendship springs, I think, from my own embarrassment at being a cause of distress to you—and from my inability to repay your benevolence.”

This did not please His Grace. It seemed to lock their association into a bounty giving-charity receiving framework that seriously inhibited the kind of relationship he wanted to establish. He was not a green lad, however, and began to understand how to deal with the problem. He smiled disarmingly.

“I accept your thanks, and must hasten to assure you that entertaining your charming mother and yourself has been an unalloyed pleasure. Your style, your beauty, your winning ways quite enhance my own reputation in the Ton.”

Tiri’s eyes opened wider, if that was possible. He liked her! He was not bored, disgruntled, annoyed! She returned his smile with a curiously sweet softening of her own expression. “Thank you, Your Grace.”

The Duke mimed gentle exasperation. “Daral, if you please, Tiri! How often must I ask it of you?”

“Thank you, Daral,” murmured Tiri, blushing adorably.

“You know,” said the fascinated nobleman, “your cheeks become peach-colored, rather than red. Blushing does not conflict with your—auburn hair.”

Tiri chuckled. “I know I should powder it, but it’s such a bother!”

“Never seek to hide it,” urged the Duke. “I believe you might have started a new trend, except for the fact that few women have hair whose color is so beautiful!”

In perfect charity with one another, The Duke and his mother’s guest seated themselves together upon a loveseat. This cozy proximity so delighted the Duke that he launched happily into a recital of his plan for the next few days.

“We must be seen together,” he told the wide-eyed girl. “With adequate chaperonage, of course!” he added sternly. The girl nodded.

Pleased with this acquiescence, Daral went on, “Tomorrow we shall invite your mama to accompany us upon a picnic—une fête champêtre, you would say? It has seemed to me that our London reek has stolen the roses from her cheeks. Then, the following day, you both must come to my home for a lesson.” He paused, eyebrows provocatively raised, for her inevitable question.

Tiri did not disappoint him. “A lesson, Daral?” she challenged. “In what—or dare I ask?”

“Waltzing,” replied the naughty creature. “When next we appear at Almacks’, I cannot have it said we are awkward with our steps!”

Tiri was the victim of an irresistible urge to laugh aloud, to sing, to waltz. Whatever the devious gentleman had in mind, Tiri was ready to try it. She felt herself unfolding to his charm like a flower in strong sunlight. In spite of this surge of emotion, she was able to restrict her response to a simple, “Oh, yes, Daral!”

It seemed to satisfy His Grace. “That will occupy two days—” he began judiciously.

“Could we not . . . practice the waltz more than once?” suggested Tiri, greatly daring. “We may find that I am a slow learner, and I would not wish to embarrass you at Almacks’.”

The idea of holding the delectable little armful close to his manly frame upon several occasions and to music, at that, which would involve a deal of swaying and providing directional pressures was so intoxicating to the Duke that he was forced to cough to relieve a tightness in his throat. “We must indeed practice more than once,” he agreed, already regretting the involvement in the picnic the following day.

“Time must also be set aside for the choosing of a suitable costume for the Prince’s musical evening,” added the girl practically.

“Surely that will not take up too much time,” objected Daral, already begrudging every minute not given to practice of the waltz.

Terri was forced to smile gently at such naiveté. “Quite a bit, I should say,” she informed him. “Maman and I will wish to make you proud of us—or at least,” she amended, “not ashamed”

The Duke took her hand. “That would be impossible!” he averred so positively that the girl’s heart accelerated with a stronger beat.

Only the entrance of Lady Letitia, avid to know what was the subject that was keeping her son closeted with the little French girl for so long, prevented him from translating speech into action. At his mother’s, “Ah! There you are, Daral!” he rose with what civility he could dredge up and bowed slightly.

“I have finished outlining the program I intend to follow in the days preceding the Prince’s soirée,” he said, rather less composedly than he would have wished.

His mama peered suspiciously at Tiri and the Duke.

The girl was cool enough remarkably collected considering the waves of alternating delight and alarm that were battering at her poise. She now rose and sketched a pretty curtsey at the Duchess. “I shall rejoin my maman now,” she said. “There is much to be done to prepare for the Prince’s entertainment.”

She found Dani in their room, considering their costumes. She looked up as her daughter entered and smiled a greeting. Tiri was so pleased to see her maman free of the listlessness that had so alarmed her that she ran forward and hugged Dani.

“Where shall we go for our dresses, Maman?” she asked eagerly.

Dani pursed her lips. “We scarcely know the city, pet, and we can hardly rely upon our hostess to guide us to the most modish dressmaker in London!” They shared a speaking look.

Then Tiri offered hesitantly, “I had wondered if we might not help the Duchess with her choice—”

Dani nodded resolutely. “Exactly my own idea. But it must be done so carefully! She is as prickly as a thornbush!” They considered the idea in silence, and then Dani said quietly, “I shall probably get my head bitten off, but I think I shall make the attempt—for the Duke’s sake, if nothing else.”

Tiri agreed wholeheartedly with that reasoning.

Giving herself a critical glance in the mirror, Dani set her shoulders. “Wish me well, ma petite.” Her smile was steady.

“Bonne chance, Maman!” the girl replied with equal courage.

A few minutes later, Dani was tapping lightly at the door of the Duchess’s suite. A harsh voice from within bade her enter. When she did so, she was met by a rather surprising sight. Lady Letitia was alone, and she had several dresses spread out on her heavy fourposter bed.

Pleased that the subject was, in a sense, already introduced, Dani came directly to the point. “Ah, madame, I see that we both have the same problem. I had wondered if you might be so gracious as to introduce me to your dressmaker.”

“Why should you wish that, when it is obvious that you do not at all admire my appearance?” demanded the Duchess with logic.

This was going to take more than courage or good luck, Dani decided. Perhaps the key was honesty. She looked serenely into the older woman’s face and proceeded.

“Your son wishes us all to do him proud at the Prince’s soirée. I know that I can help you to appear well. Will you let me try?” There, it was out! Complete honesty; complete willingness to help. Dani waited for the other woman’s response.

There was a longish pause, and then the Duchess said harshly, “Why should you bother? We have not been on friendly terms, madame.”

“I bother because Tiri and I wish you to please your son. You have given us shelter in a strange country. We are in your debt for that.”

Lady Letitia went down with flags flying. “I did not want you here, and I have not tried to make your stay pleasant—for various reasons. Still, I would be—grateful if you could give me some of your alamodality.”

Dani’s shoulders relaxed. “A pleasure, madame! Now, we have five days. If you know of a good little seamstress, I can help her to design and cut out something that will please you. The color, I think, should be soft, possibly a green but not emerald. That is too harsh.” She rattled on to prevent the Duchess from changing her mind. “Tonight we will sketch some flattering styles. Tomorrow, we buy the cloth—velvet, I think. It is soft, yet it has dignity.”

“Why green?” asked the Duchess warily.

“Because your eyes have a fascinating green tint to them. Your son must inherit them from you! It would be a charming tribute to emphasize their color, don’t you think?”

Lady Letitia looked as though she had never in her life had such a thought. Still, the wariness was gradually leaving her expression and was replaced by a wakening interest in the project at hand. “Green velvet?” she murmured. “I do not think I have had a gown of that material before.”

“And now the sketches,” Dani encouraged her. “Have you pens and paper we may use?”

While these were being sent for, Dani took a penetrating, if guarded look at Lady Letitia’s figure. The result pleased her. “We are indeed fortunate in your figure,” she announced.

At once her hostess resumed her suspicious look.

Dani hastened to explain. “If you were one of those obese creatures whom we saw waddling about at Almacks’, it would be hard to create the elegantly simple effect I have in mind. You have slenderness and good bones. Also you carry yourself with pride—if perhaps a little stiffly. Yes, we shall do very well!”

The pad and pen were delivered and Dani drew out a small table and seated herself at it. She looked from the Duchess to her sketching and back again. The older woman seemed rooted to the spot; hope and suspicion warred in her countenance. Shortly Dani held her head back, cast a final look at her hostess and said, “Voila! Tell me what you think, madame!”

Almost reluctantly the Duchess stepped forward and took up the sketch. She stared at it in silence. Then she scowled at Dani.

“I do not look like this! You are making a fool of me!”

“On the contrary,” said Dani positively, “you will look better than that when I have finished with you. I intend to apply your maquillage also, madame! We Frenchwomen have some secrets I shall share with you.”

Looking both scandalized and fascinated, Lady Letitia said slowly, “I have no maqu—no paints, madame.”

“I have enough for us both,” Dani assured her, and for the first time in the consultation, she smiled.

The Duchess stared hard at the lovely little Frenchwoman. “Why are you doing this?” she demanded, all her doubts and fears clearly revealed.

Because my foolish daughter loves your son, Dani was tempted to say, but the secret was not hers to reveal. So she met the other woman’s gaze openly and replied, “Because I cannot bear to see any woman looking so much less than her best.”

Lady Letitia accepted the truth of that remark.

·



The Duke’s plans for a picnic had to be postponed for the day, as he discovered when he arrived, unfashionably early, at Mall House. He was informed by a curious Fallow that all three ladies had gone out to scour the shops for bolts of cloth, ribbands, and slippers—and Heaven only knew what other fripperies. When challenged by the irate Duke, he confessed that he had had his information from Her Grace’s dresser, who was even more agog than her mistress. At first His Grace was inclined to be sullen at the betrayal of his plans for the day, but oddly enough, Fallow’s excited interest in the acquiring of alamodality by his mistress soothed Daral’s ruffled feelings.

“So they are seeking to bring Mama into style, he grinned. “I can hardly wait to see the results!”

This treat was denied him for the moment, however. After two hours of kicking his heels in the morning room and drinking his mama’s indifferent coffee, the Duke left Mall House in rather a huff, stopping only long enough to deliver the message that when—or if!—the ladies had need of him, he might be found at his home, or he might not!

And that will teach them a lesson! grinned Fallow behind the Duke’s back, as he closed the front door softly. The whole staff were much interested in the changes that seemed to be taking place since the Frenchwomen arrived. The consensus was that it had been A Good Thing: invitations to the Palace, and Almacks’, and now to Carlton House! New clothes for the mistress! Perhaps there might even be more money spent on food, ventured an under-housemaid. This gullibility was laughed at, but even the gloomiest member of the staff was forced to admit that things had changed for the better at Mall House.

The Duke heard no more from the wayward ladies until later that evening, when one of mildady’s footmen arrived with a note from Tiri. In it she explained that the ladies were working very hard to do His Grace justice at Carlton House, and that he must have patience with them, since it was all being done for his sake.

“I beg leave to doubt that!” muttered Daral cynically. He was a little mollified by a hastily scribbled footnote: “Dear Daral, I was so very sorry to miss our picnic, but perhaps I can slip away tomorrow for my waltz lesson while your mama and mine and the seamstress are busily engaged.”

This thought so soothed His Grace’s ruffled feelings that he was quite in charity with his mama and Dani, and he resolved to place the violinist whom he had hired to play for the waltz lessons behind a handsome Chinese screen—just so his presence in the ballroom would not cause Tiri to feel constraint or embarrassment. In fact the thought of the morrow’s exercise so pleased the Duke that he ate his supper with excellent appetite, and he behaved with special kindness toward all the staff who came into contact with him.

He was ready betimes the following day, although his valet had acquired a nasty headache at his master’s vacillations.

“Made me change his coat three times, he did,” the valet complained to Hull later in the day. “And a full bath this morning, as well as the new scent he puts on his face after I shave him!”

“Be thankful that’s all he made you do,” said Hull repressively. “We’ve had to change the flowers twice in the ballroom, and Chef is beside himself with the contradictory orders he’s been getting. You’d think we were entertaining Royalty!

In spite of the grumbling, the staff at Lansdale House were almost as excited as their master when the closed carriage drew up in front of the house just before noon. A small veiled figure, accompanied by a grim-looking maid-servant, descended and hurried up into the front hall.

“His Nibs won’t like that,” said Hull, as he watched the maid follow her mistress into the house. Inspired to an almost fanatic loyalty, he required the woman to accompany one of the footmen to the kitchen for a cup of tea while she waited.

The Duke observed this skillful maneuver from the first landing, where he had found reason to linger for the last quarter of an hour. Resolving to give Hull an increase in salary that very day, he sauntered down with every appearance of arrogant calmness to greet his little veiled visitor. Taking her small cold hand warmly in his large one, he led her to a cheerful morning room where a tempting collation was set out.

This sight so reassured the girl that she removed her shrouding veil quickly and beamed upon the Duke and the well-laden table with impartial pleasure. The Duke seated her and took his place at her side.

“I thought you might be hungry,” he said, with startling originality.

“Oh, yes, Daral!” was the brilliant reply.

Both began to eat; they found it a good excuse to avoid talking for the moment. Very soon, Tiri was aware of the excellence of the repast.”This is delicious!” she exclaimed. “You must have a French chef!” Then, feeling perhaps that this artless comment might be offensive to an English nobleman, she said “Oh!” and blushed.

The Duke was enchanted by her perceptivity and wit.

When the delightful meal was at last finished, the two rose and smiled into one another’s eyes. Then the Duke led his guest into the vast, empty ballroom. They had no sooner entered than the sweet notes of a violin sounded, playing a sprightly tune.

Tiri looked up shyly at the Duke. “It is like magic,” she whispered.

“Yes,” agreed the Duke, and he took her into his arms.

The lesson, while rather lengthy, was much enjoyed by both teacher and pupil. Eventually, however, Tiri recollected her obligations.

“I must go,” she breathed, staring up into the handsome face.

The man’s green eyes darkened into emerald. “No,” he begged.

“Yes,” the girl said. “Our mamans will be wondering where I have got to.”

“They do not know you are with me?”

Tiri smiled. “They are very busy indeed with the seamstress and your mama’s dresser. If I am lucky, they will not yet have missed me. I am supposed,” she admitted, blushing, “to be taking a refreshing drive in the park.”

The Duke escorted her reluctantly back to the hall and sent a footman for her maid. This dazzled creature accepted a huge present for her forbearance—and her silence—and Hull himself assisted the ladies into their carriage.

“Well done, Hull,” his master told him when the front door was closed again.

“Yes, Your Grace,” answered the butler. “A most successful visit.”

Tiri’s absence may have been noted, but nothing was said to the girl by either of the older ladies. Instead, they regaled her with a fleeting glimpse of the two garments they were constructing. They had been fortunate enough to find exactly the shade of soft green velvet that Dani had envisioned for the Duchess, while for herself the Frenchwoman had chosen deep purple satin, grape with the bloom of silver. When Tiri wondered at the unusual color with her mother’s golden hair, Dani said that she intended wearing it poudrée from now on. Noting the sadness which lurked behind her maman’s lighthearted smile, Tiri forbore to comment, but she wished very hard indeed that they had never met the dashing and enigmatic Sir Hilary at the Golden Swan in Calais!

The Duchess continued to surprise Tiri. When Dani asked that additional seamstresses be brought in, so that all three gowns might be completed by the day of Prinny’s soirée, Lady Letitia demanded snappishly who was expected to pay for the extra service? Dani kept her poise and contented herself with remarking that of course each lady would pay for her own share from the funds His Grace had so generously provided. This mollified the older woman, although she still seemed to feel suspicious of her unwelcome guests. Her mood was tempered by the really charming appearance of her new gown, which, thanks to Dani’s unerring eye for style and line, was the most attractive garment anyone had ever seen her wear. As the Duchess realized that Dani’s help was effective in presenting her hostess in better mode, her suspicions began to vanish.

Tiri could not have cared less for her new gown except that she hoped it would please His Grace. She was forced to admit that she had fallen wholeheartedly for the green-eyed Englishman, and that her day revolved around any meeting with him, or even a message when he could not attend upon the ladies at Mall House. The dizzying delight of the waltzing lesson had not been repeated; partly because of the demands that the seamstresses had made upon the ladies, and partly, as a hasty note explained to Tiri, because an unexpected summons of an undisclosed nature had made it impossible for him to wait upon the ladies until the morning of the soirée—at which time he hoped he might be permitted to take Mademoiselle de Granville for a refreshing spin through the park in his new phaeton. It was signed, “Yours, Daral,” a quite mundane and conventional signature that had Tiri’s seventeen-year-old heart beating joyously.





Chapter 12



Only one incident marred the busy period before the Prince’s musical evening. The Duchess was summoned down to her drawing room to meet two visitors—her cousin Amelia and the latter’s daughter.

After the rather strained attitudes with which they had parted, Lady Letitia was surprised find her old crony in attendance upon her that afternoon. In fact, she had at first considered denying herself to the visitors—as she had already done to two gabble mongers who had called earlier—but the memories of long friendship were more influential than the suspicions generated by Daral’s comments upon the ladies. She came down prepared to chat for a moment and then excuse herself with a plea of the demands of her dressmaker—a rather satisfying excuse considering the critical opinion that her cousin held concerning Letitia’s taste in clothing.

To her surprise, the two women were all smiles, and even had a small gift of a jet necklace for Letitia to wear to the soirée. “It belonged to my mama,” breathed Lady Amelia with what Letitia recognized as a rather affected manner, especially since her cousin’s mother had been an old harridan no one had liked. “It should be suitable for your black satin,” added Amelia in an attempt to find out what her cousin intended to wear.

It became clear to Letitia that Amelia was reconsidering her behavior toward her cousin in the light of the startling new notice being paid her by the Royals. First the Presentation, then the visit of Princess Mary to take the French girl out in her carriage, and now the invitation to one of the Prince of Wales’s notorious parties. Of course there would be nothing like that, she had assured Lady Bridget. Prinny’s musical evenings were famous for the elegance and decorum which prevailed at them, but of course his well-known predilection to serve too much food and drink amidst too exotic decoration was equally well known.

Bridget had not been willing to forgive the slights she imagined the Duke and his guests had put upon her. She had almost to be dragged to Mall House, and she predicted a dire set-down or, at least, a lack of welcome from her Mama’s proposed hostess.

In the event, Lady Letitia was pleasant enough and was too busy to recall old wounds; her mind was filled with the delicious thoughts of her modish costume and the proposed maquillage. She did retain enough caution to refrain from describing these delights to her old friend, who, she was well aware, would make short work of them. When she excused herself after a bare fifteen minutes of constrained conversation, Lady Bridget could not resist a final barb.

“Has the Prince made your older guest an offer yet, Cousin Letitia? I understand the clubs are buzzing with wagers as to when he will set her up in a cozy little maisonette! Well, that will get her off your hands, at any rate!”

“Bridget!” said her mama in awful tones that did not hide the spark of avid interest in her eyes.

Lady Letitia, who might have joined in their censure of the Frenchwoman a few days earlier, or at least whispered over a few salacious details, now felt an unaccustomed surge of loyalty for the little female who was working cheerfully to make her look more attractive. It gave her pleasure to say, repressively, “Madame la Comtesse has behaved with perfect propriety while in my house, Bridget! I cannot think where you pick up these gutter rumors! Perhaps your mama should advise you as to the unpleasant light such comments cast upon your own sense of decorum!”

Infuriated by this reproof, yet unable to argue the matter, the two visitors took their leave with even less than their usual civility.

As they entered their carriage, Bridget sneered, “Well, Mama, you wasted the jet necklace! I hope you are satisfied!”

“Certainly not with your behavior! No wonder you lost Daral!” This last comment silenced both the ladies.

The Duchess went back upstairs to the dressmaking activity and felt in warmer charity with her French guests than at any time since their arrival. When she showed the jet necklace to Dani, the Frenchwoman regarded it carefully. Then she said, exercising a tact well learned in French aristocratic circles, “It is a very charming piece, Lady Letitia, and will complement that gray morning gown that I have seen you wear. But for tomorrow night, something more impressive of your own, don’t you agree? The emerald parure you wore to the Presentation? It will look splendid with the softer, light green of the velvet, and it is a most striking tribute to the Lansdale green eyes.”

“They are a Mall characteristic,” corrected Lady Letitia, but her heart was not in the rebuke. This Dani was a witch! She had almost forced Lady Letitia into a friendship—a dependence that might end disastrously, but which offered a comfort the Englishwoman had never experienced before.





Chapter 13



The day of Prinny’s soirée dawned. While the two Frenchwomen were still enjoying coffee in their rooms, Fallow came up to present a box to Dani. The maid who accepted it and brought it to Dani was clearly agog. Flowers in bouquets, flowers in armloads, flowers in posies—all had been delivered to this glamorous little Frenchwoman with the real golden hair; never before had she received a small florist’s box containing a single dark red rose.

There was no card.

Dani kept her countenance until the maid had left, and then said to Tiri on a sob, “Why?”

“He loves you,” comforted her daughter. “You will just have to trust him, I think.”

“But he left me without a word . . . an explanation . . . a promise to return!” said Dani forlornly. “He has never even said he loves me!”

“Perhaps that is not so easy for an Englishman to say—if it is true,” comforted Tiri with a wisdom beyond her years. “Perhaps it is easier to say if they don’t mean it?”

Dani uttered a watery chuckle. “You have reason, my little one. I should be glad that a too-facile flattery is not part of Hilary’s nature, I suppose, but, oh! Tiri—!” She could not continue.

Tiri distracted her mother’s gloomy thoughts with a question as to the suitability of the slippers she had chosen for the evening’s concert. The gown that had been made for the French girl was an exquisite one: It was really very simple, taking its style from the gentle, almost virginal drape of the soft apricot silk which flattered Tiri’s red gold locks. It was a young girl’s dress, without artifice or decoration. The bodice was modestly heart-shaped above her swelling breasts. A wide sash bound it close at the girl’s narrow waist, the ties falling to the hem at the back. Slippers of bronze kid peeped out beneath the skirt. Her only ornament was the sapphire bracelet the Duke had given her, which she insisted upon wearing. Dani wore her diamond parure. Her hair was powdered with a new, grayish talcum called French chalk.

The great triumph was the Duchess. Dani had hurried through her own toilette in order to superintend the dressing and painting of her hostess. Lady Letitia’s dresser, the most envied servant at Mall House, was the only person permitted in to behold the Mysteries. First Dani carefully coiffed the hair, which the dresser, at her orders, had washed early in the day. The Duchess’s own hair was, in its natural state, a depressing iron gray, so Dani was quite reconciled to powdering it. The style she had chosen was a flattering one, softer about the face than Lady Letitia usually wore, and partly covering her large ears. When the hair was powdered, Dani removed the cape and motioned for the new dress. This was slipped over the Duchess’s head with great care not to ruffle the coiffure. Then, staring hard at the Duchess figure, Dani asked her to turn slowly. Duchess and dresser held their breath under that ruthless scrutiny.

Dani nodded sharply. “Excellent! The color brings out your eyes, and the style is flattering yet dignified.”

Letitia craned to glimpse herself in the mirror, but was told quite sharply to stand still. Dani made some minor adjustments to the waist. Then, still solemn, she ordered the Duchess to reseat herself at the dressing table and brought out a small black leather case.

The dresser’s eyes nearly popped out of her head as Dani opened the case and brought out several small pots and bottles. Then the serious work of the evening began. A softly flowing deep cream liquid was smoothed gently onto the Duchess’s face. This was followed by a blush of pinky brown paste, most of which, the dresser thought, was wiped off. Still, what remained gave Her Grace’s skin a bloom that it had lacked for many years. Then a soft green powder was rubbed in above the green eyes, which made them suddenly important, even striking. Finally a brownish red liquid was brushed onto the Duchess’s lips.

“Do not move so much as an eyelash!” Dani warned. “We must allow these various lotions and pastes to dry, lest they become smudged, and the whole to be done over!”

The Duchess did not even dare to reply. Instead she faced herself in the mirror—and her mouth sagged slightly. She could not believe that this handsome—even pretty?—woman who stared back at her out of a rosy face with such dazzling green eyes could be Lady Letitia Mall. Why, her mind wailed silently, did I not know these tricks earlier?

Dani was viewing her creation with satisfaction. “You do me proud,” she said sincerely. “I have an idea there will be heads turning and eyes opening tonight at Carlton House!”

“May I speak?” asked Letitia, through carefully rigid lips.

“Yes,” answered Dani. “You should be dry now.”

“Thank you,” said the Duchess of Lansdale.

The dresser was staring openmouthed and goggle-eyed.

“You may close your mouth, Perkin,” said Lady Letitia kindly. It was the first time Dani had heard the dresser’s name.

“I cannot wait to see the Duke’s expression when he sees you.” The Frenchwoman grinned.

“Nor can I,” agreed his mother, a touch grimly. “He will not know me.”

Dani thrust to the heart of the matter. “It is a chance for a new beginning,” she said softly. “Forgive me if I am wrong, but I believe you are in greater charity with your son recently.”

Old habits die hard. Lady Letitia cast a wary look at the Frenchwoman, as if to ask what there might be in such a reconciliation for her. But she did not say it. Instead she smiled ruefully.

“If I changed too suddenly, Daral might have a seizure,” was all she said.

It is to be recorded that the Duke of Lansdale did not recognize his mother in the first glimpse he got of the three ladies moving toward him down the dark stairway at Mall House. Almost at once, however, he knew her, although his eyes remained on her face for a long incredulous moment, and then swept down the tall figure with growing admiration.

“My compliments,” he said sincerely and bowed over her hand.

Lady Letitia smiled. She was almost afraid to disturb the attractive mask that was her face, although Dani had assured her that it was uncrackable. “It is not hard, like so many of your countrywomen wear,” she had explained. “This is a softer, more flexible—is that the word I wish?—maquillage.”

Gaining confidence by the minute, Lady Letitia turned to her guests. “You have not yet greeted Madame Dani and Tiri,” she said more gently than Daral had heard her speak.

His admiring look swept over the two Frenchwomen. “Ravissante,” he breathed; there was a grin on his lips and a challenge in his eyes. He kissed both white hands, even Tiri’s, although she was not a married lady. Yet, his eyes told her as he raised his powdered head from her hand. Then, as though compelled, he faced his mama again.

“I had not remembered—your green eyes,” he murmured.

“You got yours from my side of the family,” his mother told him, but her smile was open.

It was a happy party that was driven through the London streets to Carlton House in the Duke’s luxurious carriage.

Dani wore a single dark red rose at the corsage of her silver purple gown.

·



Disaster struck part way through the evening.

The first half of the concert was ended, to most of the guests’ undisguised relief, and servants in ornate costumes were circulating among the groups with laden trays of wine, when the Price of Wales approached the small group that consisted of the Duke and Duchess, Dani and Tiri. He was beaming proudly and was flanked on either side by a modishly dressed gentleman. At his loudly friendly greeting, all of the Duke’s party turned to make their bows to His Highness.

Dani’s smile froze into a grimace of shock. One of the gentlemen at the Prince’s side was Sir Hilary. The other, darkly formal, with heavy maqullage and a small black patch beside his thin lips, was the Most Noble, the Marquis de Bayard, Councillor to King Louis and close friend of the Queen! This nobleman was regarding Dani with equal shock and revulsion; Sir Hilary was suddenly very tense and frowning; the Lansdales were puzzled at the obvious contempt with which the narrow-eyed Marquis scrutinized Dani. Only the Prince of Wales seemed quite unaffected by the unpleasant tension in the air. George, Prince of Wales, not yet thirty and still a handsome man with a deep craving to be loved by everyone, beamed at his guests, nodding benignly at the Duke and his mother, and said graciously to the latter, “You are in rare bloom this evening, Lady Letitia! Handel’s music is magnificent, is it not? I hope you are enjoying the concert!”

Then he addressed himself to Dani, whom he had been eyeing covertly while addressing the others—a rare ripe armful, he was thinking—“I have brought a countryman of yours to greet you, my dear Countess! May I present the Marquis de Bayard?”

“I think not, Your Highness,” said de Bayard so clearly that everyone in the vicinity could hear him. There had naturally been many eyes upon the Prince as he walked among his guests, and there had been conjectures as to the identity of the two men who accompanied him. Now it was avidly noted that the lavishly overdressed French nobleman had not, after that first damning glare, looked at Dani. He spoke again.

“This—lady is aware of my reluctance to be presented to her, and of my reasons for it. I beg Your Highness will excuse me!”

There was a gasp as the haughty Frenchman, perhaps fatally ignorant of Prince George’s painful sensitivity to slights, walked away from the man from whose family he had come to seek help for the King of France. The careless act of lese majesty startled even Sir Hilary, who knew more about what was happening that did anyone else in the great salon.

The Marquis caught Sir Hilary’s frown. “Shall we return to our places, McGregor? I would not wish to miss the rest of this splendid concert.” This last comment was directed toward the Prince, with a finicking bow and the flourish of a scented lace kerchief.

The musicians were already turning up on their platform. Sir Hilary looked at the Prince, who nodded slightly. Then Sir Hilary’s eyes went to Dani; he gave her one intent, unsmiling look, then he turned his gaze toward the Prince. George was glancing after the retreating back of the Marquis. Now he focused his slightly protruberant eyes upon the set face and the gallantly concealed discomfiture of the lovely little French Countess.

George’s brain was buzzing with conjecture. The cut was direct, by gad! Could the woman be an impostor? No, Sir Hilary had investigated her thoroughly at Pitt’s request. She had been Louis’s mistress. That thought had amused the Prince as he watched his straitlaced parents welcome her and her pretty daughter. But she had also undoubtedly been married to the ‘Sieur de Granville, and no breath of scandal had touched her until some time after his death. Why, then, the Prince asked himself, did the Marquis, forgetting his duty to his royal host, refuse even to acknowledge the introduction? In an instant George had his answer.

The Marquis de Bayard was one of the French Queen’s most devoted adherents! Therefore he would be sufficiently contemptuous of one of King Louis’s discarded mistresses to refuse, with the rigid arrogance of his caste, even to accept an introduction to the woman. The Marquis’s disgust at the confrontation had overcome even his necessity to show respect for a member of the Royal Family from whom he had come to seek help. He sees us as Farmer George and his brood, thought the Prince with a throb of anger. The crude German upstarts! It gave the Prince some satisfaction to know that the haughty Gallic nobleman was more than likely to be forced to return to his rebellion-torn country empty-handed. Let him try to convince the Old Man of anything! the Prince thought. I have never managed it, and I am his son and heir!

George, who was bright enough about some things, foresaw both an advantage and a way out of a difficulty for himself, in the situation. If de Bayard were to spread scandalous rumors about the Countess, the King and Queen would at once terminate the friendship between the Princess Mary and Therese de Granville. When this news got about, the Countess would be given the cold shoulder everywhere in Polite Society. She would probably be sent packing by the old Lansdale female. The better chance then that the Countess would look with favor upon a flattering offer from the heir to the throne! An advantage, surely!

The way out of his present difficulty had been handed to him on a platter, Prinny thought gleefully. He was jealous of his own consequence, having been schooled and put down and galled beyond bearing by his father’s fussy and unrealistic ideas on the proper rearing of a Royal Prince. The sneering discourtesy of the Marquis toward one who was his host as well as a Prince Royal had been an affront to the very person from whom the Marquis sought help for his own wretched monarch. The Prince of Wales smiled widely. The fellow had given him a perfect excuse to refuse! Anyone who had heard the Marquis’s scathing comment, and seen him deliberately walk away from the Prince of Wales, would know he had forfeited any chance of assistance from his host.

Of course King George would never agree to help this French nobleman, even in the unlikely contingency that the Old Man would agree to see him. The King was suffering another of his “nervous attacks” and his physicians would protect him, even if he didn’t protect himself. Sir Hilary had been right, the Prince decided. He’d told Pitt that the Bourbons were a lost cause and very dangerous one for the House of Hanover to espouse at this time. Good man, Sir Hilary! thought the Prince. I am sorry we shall be losing his clever brain and high courage and sharp wits as an intelligence for our government. It was a good thing Pitt had a stable of spirited young stallions willing to take on these clandestine adventures for love of their country!

Having arranged matters thus neatly in his mind, Prinny roused himself to attend to the Countess and her London hosts. Luckily, Lady Letitia had been prosing on while these important plans had been racing through his head. Most fortunately, the Prince heard her ask, just at the moment when his attention had returned to her, “I do hope Your Highness agrees with me?”

“But of course, my dear lady!” Prinny gave his graceful bow. “Shall we return to our seats now? The musicians are waiting for our arrival to begin the second half of the concert.” He offered one arm to Dani and the other to the immensely flattered Duchess, and they strolled back into the elaborately decorated salon. The Duke followed with Tiri on his arm.

If Dani seemed subdued, thought the Prince, it was surely quite natural after the vicious snub she had received. Since he really loved music and did not wish to talk during a performance, the Prince limited his campaign to holding Dani’s hand, and when the music became particularly moving, he would place her hand upon his thigh and press it there.

Dani, who was still recovering from her shock at encountering Sir Hilary in such exalted company, and moreover, at hearing him addressed as McGregor, had had very little thought to spare for either the chilling rudeness of the Marquis or the too-urgent attentions of the heir to the throne. What was Sir Hilary doing, accompanying de Bayard to Carlton House? A Sir Hilary obviously persona grata with the Prince of Wales? Her brain was in such a whirl that when Prinny pressed her hand quite hard against his leg, she glanced up at him through dazed blue eyes and smiled sweetly.

Thus encouraged, the Prince began to consider ways and means. Having, as he imagined, achieved his first objective, he released the lady’s hand—to her relief—and presented his most decorous front to the prying eyes of his subjects.

Seated at a little distance from the Prince, Sir Hilary wracked his brains for a way to escape the highnosed Frenchman and get to Dani before Prinny had managed to compromise her utterly. The little idiot! Why was she favoring the royal oaf with her sweet smiles? Did she not know how dangerous are the favors of Princes? He had to get her away before she did something that would wreck everyone’s chances. Conveniently forgetting—or disregarding for the moment—his own culpability in intention and action toward her, he permitted himself to fantasize their next private encounter.

For Tiri, the world could hold no greater joy than she felt at this moment, seated so close to her beloved. The room contained at least twice as many guests as it could comfortably hold, which had necessitated jamming in as many small chairs as possible, with the result that men and women felt themselves almost thrust into one another’s laps. Tiri loved it, when the lap was Daral’s. She raised wide, worshipful eyes to his. The young Duke caught his breath.

“Don’t, Tiri,” he muttered anxiously, for he could see, if the girl could not, the prying, avid, or jealous glances being cast their way.

“Don’t?” she asked, feeling her emotion rejected.

“Don’t look at me like that,” Daral explained in a low voice. “People will think—” He broke off; he was unwilling to be the cause of the unhappiness so clearly revealed on the small, lovely countenance. “Wait until later,” he promised recklessly. “When we are private.”

“Oh!” Tiri cast an apologetic glance around her. “I see!” The joy flooded back into her face so visibly that the Duke was forced to stifle the urge to sweep her up and out of this hothouse this very instant. Instead, he pressed her hand significantly. Tiri pressed back.





Chapter 14



“I thought the damn concert would never end!” said the Duke, as his party bowled away from Carlton House an eon later.

His mother peered at him through the gloom of the coach. “I thought it was a splendid evening,” she said; she was still glowing from the courtesy the Prince had shown her and the distinguishing notice he gave their whole party. “Splendid!” she said again, firmly, as though to convince a child.

Tiri giggled. “He is really an overwhelming figure, is he not, your Prince? Handsome and charming! But someday soon he will be grossly fat if he continues to eat and drink as he did tonight!”

“That was nothing,” said the Duke grimly. “A mere series of tidbits! You should see him at a banquet! One cannot believe that one stomach can hold all he stuffs into his!”

“Daral!” rebuked his mama, in repressive accents. “He is your Prince!”

“Well, I don’t have to be loyal to his stomach, thank God!” intoned the Duke piously, elated to observe that Tiri was shaking with laughter.

The only member of the party who had nothing to say about their evening was Dani. She did not appear unhappy. Her lovely face was set in an expression of meditation—as though she were recalling the events of the evening without particular emotion. Tiri, finally glancing away from Daral long enough to share her mother’s pleasure in her obvious triumph—for had not the Prince taken her in to the concert, and then later fetched her a glass of liqueur with his own hands?—was first surprised and then worried by the look of calm contemplation upon Dani’s face.

When Maman put on that look, she was considering serious matters. It was the very expression she had worn before she announced that they were to leave Paris. Tiri knew better than to question her mother in front of other people. She reluctantly abandoned her tentative scheme to try for a few moments alone with the Duke before he left them and determined to discover her maman’s trouble as soon as they were alone.

Then it hit Tiri. Of course! It was Sir Hilary’s unexpected appearance at the soirée, and in such exalted company, which had brought that look to her mother’s face! How could she have been so selfish, so blind, as to overlook the effect Sir Hilary’s sudden return into their lives would have upon Dani, who loved him? Tiri shook her head and chastised her own obtuseness. Here she was daring to hope for happiness with the Duke, while poor little Maman must be racked with anxiety and fear at the odd actions of her chosen love! The girl resolved to attend upon her poor mother with all the love and tenderness possible, and to help her in this difficult hour.

The Duke was surprised and puzzled by the ease with which he was shuffled off when he deposited the ladies at his mother’s door. Of course their thanks were fulsome, their smiles affectionate—even Mama’s—and their invitation for him to call upon them early the following morning flatteringly urgent. But Tiri, that little devil, had somehow become remote and cool toward him. Women! He thought grimly. Although his experience was fairly limited for a man of his class and day, he knew enough about women to think that he recognized dismissal when he found it. Where was the laughing little charmer who had been staring up at him so adoringly at the concert that her open admiration had attracted attention? Had his quiet and temperate warning offended her? He did not think so of his Tiri. Then was this some feminine game to entice him? That idea was easier to bear. Setting his jaw rather grimly, he dismissed his worried coachman, grooms and outriders in front of his mother’s house and told them he would walk home.

“I need the exercise, damn it?! He said, cutting off Tom Coachman’s dire warnings of footpads and other ugly customers. “I’ll walk!”

It did not sweeten his temper one iota to perceive, after the first few angry moments, that his coach was following him at a discreet distance.





Chapter 15



Unfortunately for her loving plans, Tiri was quite unable to penetrate her maman’s reserve when finally, having seen the exhilarated and grateful Lady Letitia into her dresser’s hands, they attained the privacy of their suite.

In fact, her maman’s first words were in the nature of a warning to Tiri. “I know your open nature, my little one, but you must begin to learn to dissemble—to hide your feelings while you are under public scrutiny,” she began before Tiri could get her own campaign going. Dani went on gently, “I noted the—the admiration that your countenance was expressing for the Duke during the concert, chérie. It is to be hoped that others who notice will attribute your enthusiasm to the music, rather than His Grace.”

“He told me I was not enough restrained,” the girl admitted, unable to meet her maman’s eyes. “He said we would be private later.”

Dani’s eyebrows lifted. “Indeed? Yet, after de Bayard’s exhibition tonight, he must know that you are not a suitable parti.” She studied the girl’s stricken expression, her own face full of regret. “I have made a great bouleversement of our lives, my poor baby! I hope you may someday be able to forgive me!” She exhaled. “I saw tonight, when Sir Hilary turned up under the Prince’s auspices, why he had broken off so sharply with me. I am not enough respectable.”

“I still believe he loves you!” cried Tiri, unable to bear the look of quiet grief in her mother’s eyes.

Dani gave a Gallic shrug. “Perhaps he does, poor man! It cannot be easy find oneself in love with such as I! but you can see he can do nothing about it. Nor may I, if I care for him. He is probably one of the Prince’s equerries, on private service, or perhaps one of Mr. Pitt’s daring spies . . .” She tried to smile. “Who knows?”

“But in such case,” objected Tiri, “If he were a spy, I mean, why could you not marry?”

“What would become of you, my pet, and of your dreams for a respectable marriage, if your notorious Maman ran off with a spy?”

Tiri considered the situation with a sinking heart. It was clear to her that she must abandon all foolish dreams concerning the Duke. Whatever an alliance with Dani might do to denigrate Sir Hilary’s reputation, it would be less than nothing compared to the brouhaha that must eventuate if a Duke were to marry the daughter of one of King Louis’s discarded mistresses.

Mother and daughter stared into each other’s face.

What they saw there gave them courage: love, and respect, compassion and caring. Dani was the first to smile.

“So! We are agreed we have a problem are we not? Then next must come the effort to find a solution!”

“Yes,” said Tiri earnestly. “That is what you have been doing for these last hours, is it not? I recognized the—the planning expression.”

Dani was surprised into a chuckle. “You read me well, my little one! Yes, I have thought of several plans. I will tell you about them, and then we shall decide, no?”

“Tell,” said Tiri crisply.

Dani took a deep breath. “First, I had thought we might just pack up very quietly tonight and slip away in the morning without warning anyone.” She caught the shocked look upon Tiri’s face and smiled ruefully. “Cowardly, is it not? Yet it is one possible course of action.”

“I—I would not like it,” said Tiri honestly.

“Nor would I,” agreed Dani, “but I think our hostess might understand and approve, after she had thought about it.”

“She is beginning to like you!” protested Tiri.

“Yes,” said her mother. “That is why she might understand—and forgive.”

“But you do not intend to pursue that course?” prodded Tiri.

Dani laughed. “Of course not, my poppet! It is too—tame!”

Tiri was forced to chuckle. This last sounded more like Maman.

“My second plan,” continued Dani, “was to pack, as before, but to go to the Duchess’s room after she had had her sustaining coffee, and explain that we were leaving—”

“Having urgent business in Paris, Brittany, or the New World?” teased Tiri, her heart becoming lighter under the spell of her mother’s badinage.

“The New World!” mused Dani. “Now that is one possibility I had not considered! No, Plan Two merely involved offering sincere thanks and saying good-bye.”

“And the third plan?” asked Tiri, not at all enamored of Plan Two.

“Plan Three was that we take a chance upon remaining here—and hoping that the situation will not become too unpleasant. It is a rather forlorn hope, my doll.”

“Plan Four?” persisted Tiri. “Oh, I know there must be at least one more, since none of them so far has your—authentic touch!”

Dani’s smile this time was her old gamine grin. “Eh, bien! You know I will not go down without a struggle, do you not? Very well: Plan Four. That I send a note to Sir Hilary’s lodging to ask if he can use a female confederate in his work. There must be many occasions when a woman of some charm could venture in and succeed where a male could not.”

“Maman!” Tiri had stopped laughing. “Quelle bêtise! Is it that you jest with me?”

“No,” Dani answered in a reasoning tone. “I was in fact quite pleased with the idea.”

“Impossible! Even if Sir Hilary allowed it, I could not! It is too dangerous! What if you were exposed!”

“Exposed?” grinned Dani.

Tiri glared at her reprehensible little maman. “You comprehend! Revealed! Uncovered!” Her maman was shaking with laughter now, as Tiri fought with the English language to find her meaning. “Betrayed!”

“It is very interesting,” mused the incorrigible creature, “how very often the English language has quite naughty double entendres! I wonder what the so-moral members of Society do about it.”

“Maman,” said Tiri firmly, “be sensible! You are the one who is supposed to keep us both comme il faut—in good form, correct!”

“I am?” asked Dani, the ghost of laughter still in her fine eyes.

“I think we may disregard Plan Four,” said her daughter briskly. “Is there another?”

“I had thought of a conference with the Duke and Lady Letitia. I am convinced that they both have good will toward us, and they have enough nous to suggest suitable courses of action. No, my dear child, I know you do not wish to spoil the dream you are in by discussing mundane matters with Daral—but that dream, dear child, was a futile one from the start, I am afraid.” She sighed. “I thought I was so clever to persuade Louis to send us off to England! It begins to appear that I merely found a way to break your heart—and my own!”

There was little more that either could say, except good-night, rest well! Then both went to bed. Both of them remained awake for hours and went ceaselessly over the details of their situation and sought to find a solution.

·



When Sir Hilary deposited the Marquis de Bayard at the comfortable hotel in which Mr. Pitt had secured him accommodation, he told the arrogant nobleman, for what it was worth, that he had blotted his copybook badly in behaving with insolence to the Prince of Wales.

De Bayard raised incredulous eyebrows. “Insolence?” he began with chilling hauteur.

“Save it,” advised Sir Hilary shortly. “That sort of behavior may be permissible toward one’s inferiors, but in this country we do not dismiss a Prince of the Blood, in fact, the Heir to the Throne, as casually as you did tonight. Whatever you had hoped to gain from your meeting with the Prince of Wales, you may forget about. He was deeply offended.”

“That loud-voiced, insensitive glutton!—” protested the Marquis. “He is too stupid and self-esteeming to notice what anyone says of him!”

“The Prince is highly sensitive,” Sir Hilary corrected him. “You have been poorly briefed, sir! If indeed any of your political party bothered to think about the nature of this mission or the persons you would be appealing to for aid.” He observed the dull red of anger rising under the painted cheeks, the thin, cruel mouth hardening to chastise this commoner. “Spare me your tirades, Marquis de Bayard! I do not heed them, nor will it do you any service to spew your venom upon me! You lost your chance to get help for your King when you insulted the one man who might have started a popular movement in your favor! Since my usefulness to you is over, may I bid you good-night—and good-bye.”

Sir Hilary went out, closing the door after him quietly. He did not bother to think what his erstwhile charge would do now. At Mr. Pitt’s request urged on by letters from King Louis—Sir Hilary had gone to Paris, brought the Marquis unobtrusively out of France, and delivered him safely in London, but his duty ended tonight. In fact, he was so angry at the affront this fatuous, painted nobleman had put upon dear, merry, beautiful little Dani de Granville that he felt his teeth grinding together with fury. He had not minded a whit the Marquis’s condescension to himself; after all, he had been introduced to the fellow as Mr. McGregor, although he was in fact heir to a Scottish Viscount. No, it was de Bayard’s behavior to Dani which rankled. Instead of the unforgivable tongue-lashing he had just administered to a guest of the English Government, Sir Hilary wished he could have made it an unforgettable knock-down! He was thankful he had given Mr. Pitt notice of his intention to resign from his secret work for the Government and return to his own life and newly urgent responsibilities as heir of an aging Viscount who complained bitterly of his son’s continued absence.

Sir Hilary resolved to call upon his lady—for so he had unconsciously come to regard her—at the earliest possible moment the following day. If his father did not approve of a beautiful French widow as daughter-in-law, then he must be content to permit them to live in England. Sir Hilary grinned. There was little chance of that, when his father had once met the charming Danielle de Granville! After the first son was born—ah! Then the welcome would make the hills ring! Much refreshed at the thought of that delightful prospect, Sir Hilary went to bed.

·



In fact, the only member of the group who went to bed in black despair was the Duke of Lansdale. He knew, better than Dani, his duty and deep obligation to his name: to protect and defend it against slur or slander. It was expected of him, and he had expected it of himself, that he would one day marry a suitable young woman of unexceptionable lineage and produce healthy heirs to carry on the name. Tiri has a faultless lineage! His heart cried out.

But she also has a mother who was a King’s mistress— and, worse is likely to become notorious in the same role with the Prince of Wales! his reason informed him doggedly. He had seen the lecherous intent in Prinny’s pursuit of the charming French widow, and the wide, sweet smile with which Dani received it. The Duke knew that many peers were unfaithful to their wives, and even more peeresses deceived their husbands. But they were part of the established system, not foreign newcomers to it, whose every action would be watched, challenged, and damned.

As dawn was breaking over London, the Duke came to his decision. He would ask the girl to marry him and then retire with her and her mother to the safe obscurity of his gracious estate at Lansdale.





Chapter 16



Alas for all the optimistic schemes constructed during that troubled night! The first thing that occurred the next morning threatened to destroy every hope.

None of the ladies at Mall House had officially risen when Fallow sent a maid up to inform his mistress that she had visitors with an urgent need to speak to her.

“Two ladies was all Mr. Fallow tol’ me,” confessed the maid. “I was helpin’ to fix brekfus’ trays when he sent me up—milady.”

Filled with a strong sense of alarm, the Duchess allowed herself to be dressed hastily and went downstairs. Amelia and Bridget Mall were waiting for her in the drawing room. Letitia knew as soon as she saw their faces that she was not going to like their news. Bridget could not wait even for the customary civilities before opening the budget.

“Your house guest, whom you have thrust upon their Majesties, is a whore!”

Her mother winced at the crudity. “Mistress!” she substituted.

“That doesn’t make it any better!” snapped Bridget. “Will you have to apologize, Cousin Letitia? To the Queen, I mean. Of course they won’t let Princess Mary drive out with that daughter of hers any longer!” She was radiating satisfaction at the situation.

How much she dislikes me, thought Letitia sadly. Daral was right.

“We shall still receive you, Letitia,” promised her cousin Amelia, “and Daral. After you’ve gotten rid of those—women of course.”

Letitia sat down slowly. “Perhaps you’d better leave now,” she said. “Since Dani and Tiri are still here in my house and will remain here as long as they wish to do so.”

Bridget glared at her. “You are a fool,” she cried harshly. “But then you always were! A cheeseparing, ugly old woman, puffed up with your son’s importance! If you keep those two creatures here, I shall not want to know you, and neither will anyone else!”

She went out of the room with quite a vulgar flounce.

Her mother hesitated near the chair where Letitia sat staring blankly at nothing.

“She’s right, you know,” Amelia said. “You’ll be cold-shouldered by the Ton when this gets around—”

“—and Bridget can’t wait to spread it,” Letitia completed for her. She looked at her former bosom bow. “I thought I knew you, Amelia. I believed we were friends as well as cousins, but you never really liked me, did you? You have no thought of trying to protect me now.”

Amelia gave er an assessing glance. “You got George and made his life a misery. I might have made him happy.” She swept out of the room after her daughter.

Lady Letitia walked over to a small desk and sat down to write a note to Daral. When it was finished, she rang for Fallow. “Have a groom take this to my son’s house at once, if you please,” she instructed and then added, “Send a maid up to request that the Countess join me in the morning room.”

When Dani came into the room ten minutes later, Lady Letitia insisted upon pouring her a cup of coffee before she disclosed the reason for the summons.

“It is early for all of us, I know,” she explained, “but there is an emergency . . . a problem we must talk about, after our coffee.”

Dani was afraid she knew exactly what—or who—the problem was, but she was puzzled by Her Grace’s quietly friendly attitude. So she got down the bitter brew gratefully, and accepted some freshly toasted bread with butter. The Duchess did not eat anything, Dani noticed, but she did drink two cups of the coffee.

Finally, Dani could not bear the weighted silence any longer. “You looked very soignée last night, Your Grace,” she said in her soft, pretty voice. “I am going to teach your dresser, Perkin, how to apply the maquillage for you. I shall leave you a supply of it before I go.”

Lady Letitia’s gaze came up and scanned the Frenchwoman’s face. “Before you go?” she repeated sharply.

Dani nodded. “I am sure this early summons means that the Marquis de Bayard has told his tale, and I would not embarrass a lady who has been as kind a sponsor as you have been. Tiri and I shall leave today”—she gave a little laugh—“ and you can tell them all how King Louis forced us upon you! It is, after all, a distinction none of your friends can boast—that a reigning monarch begged them to shelter his belle amie!”

“I am not going to let you leave,” said Lady Letitia firmly. “You are staying here until we can decide where you would be the happiest, and doing what.” Dani stared into the woman’s face. The maquillage had been washed off last night, and the Duchess presented her usual rather grim countenance, undeniably plain, yet there was a new light in the pale green eyes that regarded Dani so steadily.

Dani began to weep.

The Duchess got up rather stiffly and marched around the table to her guest’s side. Bending, she gave Dani an awkward pat on the shoulder. “Do not cry,” she ordered. “You will make runnels in your maquillage.”

“R-runnels?” choked Dani, between laughter and tears.

“Rivulets, channels, ravines—”suggested the Duchess in an attempt to find an appropriate word.

Dani began to laugh. “Des canals, course d’eau, cascades? Mais non! I must use my new language, the so-amusing English! It is that I make troughs, ditches in my cosmetique lotions, is it not?”

“All that, on one small face?” protested the Duchess.

Suddenly they were both laughing unreservedly. The Duke, entering upon this scene of levity when he had expected tears, recriminations, Heaven-knew-what-other-female-hysteria, was dumbfounded.

The sight of his stunned expression sent the two ladies off into fresh gales of laughter. Gradually the Duke’s tense countenance relaxed into a grin.

“If I did not know better, I should think you both jug-bitten,” he said.

“We have only been drinking coffee,” gasped his mother. “Have some!”

“Thank you, no!” her son said hastily. “Not your cook’s version of that fascinating drink! But if Fallow will bring me some tea, I shall be delighted to break my fast with you. I did not stop to eat when I received your message this morning.” He found the butler at his elbow, who ushered him into a seat and then waved forward a hovering footman with a tray. “Ah, good man, Fallow! You have anticipated my needs!” He permitted himself to be served with not only tea, but fresh-baked bread, sliced ham, and eggs coddled to his taste. His eyebrows rose. “It must indeed be an emergency, when I am so adroitly cosseted!”

This reminder of their difficulty sobered the ladies, but His Grace was pleased to see that they did not go immediately into the dismal. When the servants retired, the Duke said quietly, “I suppose this has something to do with the French Marquis?” His glance at Dani was wary but commiserating.

“Amelia and Bridget were here,” the Duchess informed him baldly. “They told me the story was circulating throughout the Ton—”

“Helped along, I have no doubt, by them,” added the Duke with fierce disgust. “I had hoped our own relatives would close ranks to protect us!”

“We are ready to leave at once, Your Grace,” said Dani. “With hearts full of gratitude for all the kindness you both have showered upon us!”

“Where will you go?” asked the Duke.

Tiri suggested North America,” said Dani with an irrepressible twinkle.

“You might find difficulty getting maquillage there,” warned His Grace with a grin. “It is rather a long way for your friends to go to call upon you!”

“Enough of this raillery!” commanded the Duchess. “Where can we find them a refuge, Daral? Or shall we brave it out?”

The Duke’s startled glance at his mother was so admiring that she became quite red with pleasure.

“I had an idea as we drove home last night,” said His Grace, remembering Tiri’s slender body shaking with laughter at his joke, and the sparkle in her lovely eyes. Bedamned to the Conventions of Polite Society! It was his life to live, and he knew, at this moment, exactly how he wanted to live it. He faced the expectant but not too hopeful ladies with a smile suddenly vibrant and carefree.

“Why do I not take your often-repeated advice, Mama, and marry Mam’selle de Granville? Her lineage is equal to my own, and you must admit she is much prettier than I am!”

Dani’s jaw dropped.

The Duchess’s firm mouth quirked with a smile of satisfaction at this example of manly decisiveness.

Then Dani, gathering her scattered wits, cried out, “You can not do this, Your Grace! It would mean social disaster for you and your mother!”

“I have never gotten much joy out of my social acceptance,” said the Duchess dryly. “My only visit to Carlton House, moreover, was your doing, Dani. My invitation to the palace came through my sponsorship of your daughter. You can see that were it not for your presence, I should never have reached those dazzling heights! In general, my dear Dani, my social experience is limited to gossiping with a few old cronies and attending dull dinners. Not a great loss, you will agree.”

The Duke was not paying much attention to female dithering. “We are here to decide our course of action,” he reminded them, and got down to the nub of the matter without further ado. “Where is Tiri?”

“She is still in her room,” said the Duchess. “I thought she should not be present at this particular discussion.”

“Perhaps you are right,” admitted the Duke, “especially in view of our present subject. Still, I would like to have seen her.”

“Quite ineligible, until the matter is settled,” said his mama crisply.

“Just long enough to make sure she is well after last night’s excitements?” coaxed His Grace boyishly.

Dani’s wondering stare had been moving between mother and son. She had never seen them so in charity with one another. The Duke, in this wheedling mood, looked to be scarcely out of his teens, a fit match for the young Tiri, thought Dani lovingly, in every way that counted, except one.

“She is well enough, Your Grace,” Dani told the Duke,” but greatly concerned about the effect upon your good name of the Marquis’s revelations.”

“What enrages me,” said the Duke with a touch of his former hauteur, “Is the fact that half the noble names in the Ton are smirched with rumors of scandalous practices, yet no one seems to hold it against them. Why, then, should we be harassed because our charming and beautiful guest attracted the devotion of a reigning monarch? It hardly seems fair.”

“Do you tell me that you expect the Haut Ton to be fair?” asked the Duchess tartly. “If you do so, you have not yet had your eyes opened.”

This is getting nowhere.” The Duke took charge once again. “Our decision is made! Tiri is to marry me with all the pomp and ceremony we can arrange. Can we hope that a member of the de Granville family can be persuaded to come to London to give her to me in the Cathedral?”

Dani smiled without rancor. “It might take some time. They are a crabbed, suspicious family, as I remember, but if I am not present in the Cathedral, then assuredly one will come.”

“In which case, I shall not ask,” said the Duke crisply. “It is part of my strategy to ignore completely the false and malicious canards about your position in French Society. You had your own residence in Paris? You did not live at Versailles or the Tuileries Palace?”

“I had a very discreet and elegant small house on the Rue du Rhône,” Dani replied primly. Her lovely eyes sparkled with mischief. “None of my elderly, very respectable neighbors guessed that the poor young widow with the adorable daughter was, upon occasion, visited by a certain Very Important Personage.

“Then we may take it that investigations into your home would reveal nothing we wish to conceal?” teased the Duke.

They laughed together.

She was a volatile little creature, the Duchess thought fondly. Her very real concern for her sponsors’ welfare was easily assuaged by a humorous exchange. Still, what fun she was! Her Grace happily envisioned many enjoyable sessions in the spacious luxury of Lansdale Hall. If only they were past the next few weeks, with all the hazards and humiliations that might be waiting for them! She urged everyone to have another cup of coffee.

·



Alone in her room, Tiri dressed carefully, apprehensive about the urgent summons to her maman. Of course it had something to do with Dani’s relationship to King Louis! They must get away before his association with them hurt the Duke! Tiri sighed despondently. He was such a darling, dear Daral! If only she had some gift she could give him, worthy of the kindness he had shown her and Dani! But there was nothing! She went ahead with the packing of her garments into her trunk; she wanted to be ready for any eventuality whether mother brought her news.

She was nearly finished when a maid tapped on the door and brought in a folded and sealed note. Tiri took it and waited until the maid had left before scanning it carefully. She did not recognize the hand. It was inscribed to Miss Granville. Tiri opened it and hastily read the lines.

Then a sickness curled in her stomach, and her throat tightened. The message was scurrilous—ugly—detestable. Even the brief warning at the end: “Get out of London, you slut! Unless you wish to be stoned and your wanton mother with you! Your presence is an affront to decency. The Duke will suffer for your sins!”

Of course it was not signed. It did not really matter who had penned the words—the scorn and disgust would be present, no doubt, in the minds of most of the Duke’s friends. It was too much! Tiri let the note fall from her fingers. She stared blindly around, seeing nothing but her own tears. Then, with an agonized breath, she slipped into Dani’s room. Her mother’s trunk was already packed and locked. Tiri hastily collected Dani’s jewel case, cosmetiques, and personal belongings, and put them in a small handcase. A nightgown, a warm shawl, and finally the reticule that held heir pitiful funds followed. As she was completing the task, she paused.

I have been in a panic! she thought. There is one who would help us, I am sure. Sir Hilary will stand Maman’s friend, even though Dani now believes there was nothing important between them. Even if his ardor has cooled, reasoned Tiri (who did not know much about it), still he will not want us to go completely under!

She nodded. She would ask him to give them shelter just for the night. Perhaps even help them find honest work in some provincial shop or small town boutique, far from London! Dani’s skill at dressmaking should make her a useful addition to any modiste’s staff. As for herself, Tiri was willing to do any menial work, however difficult.

Fired with this resolve, Tiri took a few pence from the reticule for hackney fare and slipped quietly down the stairs and out the door. Fallow did not see her leave, for he was busy overseeing the salvers of food being taken into the morning room. A page, on temporary duty, saw her, but she smiled and pledged him to secrecy. It was half an hour later before Dani, returning with triumphant news to their suite, discovered that Tiri was missing.

At once the darkest fears of kidnapping or even worse horrors surfaced in the Duke’s mind. The discovery of the note on the floor in Tiri’s bedroom assuaged the worst of these, but presented him with an unsavory picture of the kind of slights and insults his darling girl might be subject to, if she took her place in Polite Society.

“We’ll go down to Lansdale, and be married there!” he raged. “We need never show our faces in this filthy city again!”

Dani was, meanwhile, trying to think where Tiri might have gone. The Duchess sat with her, ready to hold her hand or offer a handkerchief if her motherly feelings overcame her. Instead, she and the Duke were treated to the sight of Dani-in-action: a very different female from the aspects of her character they had previously seen.

“She has obviously gone somewhere to find help,” began Dani in a businesslike tone. “Oh, not because she mistrusted you, Your Grace.” She had caught the look of hurt on the Duke’s face. “She is trying to save your honor and defend your consequence without dragging you into the mire. She loves you, you see,” she added softly. Then, resuming her cogitations, she said, “Would she have gone to seek help from the Prince? No, for she does mistrust him. She is afraid I may accept his lures.” She smiled, but there was little mirth in it now. “But we know no one in London—Ah!” Her eyes widened.

“You have thought of someone?” asked the Duchess eagerly.

“Sir Hilary,” announced Dani.

The Duke turned to the door. Then he turned back. “I can get his address from Pitt’s secretary,” he said slowly, “but something tells me you might know it, Dani. Am I right?”

Unsmiling, Dani gave him the street and number.

The Duke smiled reassuringly at Dani and his mother. “I’ll bring her back safely, the little idiot,” he said lovingly. “I’m sure Conray will treat her like his own daughter.”

“If she is not there—” began his mother.

“Then I will return here to see if you have news, and we will begin our search.”

The Duke was racing down the stairs two at a time and was feeling extraordinarily alert and alive and determined, when Fallow opened the front door to a guest. The Duke halted, staring. It was Sir Hilary Conray.

He was alone.

A few minutes later they were all gathered in the drawing room for a council of war.

“If she has gone to seek my help, I probably just missed her,” said Sir Hilary, when he had been apprised of the morning’s alarums and excursions. He seemed to find it difficult to keep his eyes off Dani, who was, although worried, looking little older than her daughter in a pale yellow bergére.

“Then let us get back there at once, before the little wretch gets some other harebrained notion into her head and is off out of sight!” urged the Duke.

“I think Tiri’s mama should come with me,” said Sir Hilary firmly. “I may need her to persuade Tiri to a sensible course of action. I may also need to chaperone her.”

“I shall come also,” insisted the Duke. “She is my fiancée.”

“Indeed?” said Sir Hilary pleasantly. “That is good news! My congratulations to you, milord!” He regarded the Duke with a much kindlier eye.

Lady Letitia felt the oddest desire to laugh. It was a feeling that she was experiencing quite frequently of late, and she rightly attributed it to the presence of her guests. We shall never have a dull minute from now on! she thought and resolved to be as much a part of the ducal menage as she could.

“Perhaps I should come also?” she suggested, with a straight face. The discomfort on the faces of both men almost sent her into peals of laughter, but she restrained herself, and waited for their excuses.

“We should have someone here to welcome the little—to welcome Tiri if she comes back and we miss her again,” the Duke pointed out.

“Perhaps you should stay here in case of that contingency,” suggested Sir Hilary. His dogged expression announced clearly that he intended getting Dani alone as soon as humanly possible.

In the event, however, both men went off together, it appearing that neither of them would forgo the chance of being with their own beloved person for even a moment. When they had left, the Duchess chuckled softly. They were like two gamecocks, or two stallions—or, she smiled, two young males! It was a difficult time for them, for neither one had spoken the words that would make his chosen female irrevocably his. How she would love to have accompanied them, to observe the courting ritual! Perhaps Dani might have some details to confide later? She was a cheery soul. Conray was fortunate, in spite of King Louis and the gabblemongers!

Rather impatiently she strolled up and down the drawing room and waited the return of the lost lamb. As she did so she noticed its somber discomfort for the first time.

“I think I shall redecorate Mall House,” she announced. “That will show Amelia!”

Fallow, waiting eagerly in the front hallway for the next development in this drama which had all the staff agog, heard her voice with a flutter of alarm.

“Talking to herself now, is she?”he thought.

He was not left alone long enough to feel pity. The knocker beat, and he opened the door upon the dejected little figure of Mademoiselle de Granville.

His joyous relief was enough to startle the returning prodigal. “His Grace was so worried!” Fallow so far forgot decorum as to exclaim. “He and Sir Hilary are out with your mama, looking for you now,” he advised her.

Her eyes were huge as they looked up into his face. “Oh, Fallow! Are they very angry with me?”

“More likely terrified lest you come to harm,” he told her. “Come in to Her Grace at once, Miss Tiri! She has been worried too!”

It was an apprehensive little figure that presented itself to the Duchess’s scrutiny a minute later. The delighted welcome on the older woman’s face quite restored Tiri’s confidence. Her Grace opened her arms to the girl. Tiri went to them quite simply.

“You have put my son into a rare passion, my dear,” the Duchess advised her.

Tiri’s eyes grew even rounder at this intelligence.

Her Grace chuckled. “It will do him good! He is a little too confident of his own worth, my child. It will be salutary for him to worry a little.”

“Worry?” faltered Tiri.

She really must not steal Daral’s thunder, the Duchess cautioned herself. He would never forgive her. So she edited the morning’s excitements carefully.

“My son came to talk to us,” she began. “When we had agreed upon a course of action, we came to find you. You were gone, but we found the—note. Your mama deduced that you might have gone to seek help from Sir Hilary, and then he arrived to confer with us!”

“Oh!” breathed Tiri. “Then I have caused trouble by my rash action! For you see he was not at home! I had the journey for nothing! She looked beyond the Duchess’s shoulder. “Is he—are they here?”

“No,” said the Duchess, hardly able to keep her face straight as she visualized the comings and goings of the distracted males. “They have gone back to Sir Hilary’s lodgings to find you!” It was too much. She could not help the chuckle that escaped her lips. “I suppose,” she ventured, eyes alight with mirth, “you would not care to go back there to try to meet them?”

Tiri frowned upon such unseemly levity. “I shall stay here, where I should have stayed in the first place, and let the Duke deal with this problem. And my maman,” she added hastily.

The Duchess agreed it might be wiser.

The Duke was back within ten minutes. “She is not there!” he began, as he burst into the drawing room. Then he saw Tiri sitting very primly on a small sofa near his mother.

“You!” he said, with every evidence of exasperation, annoyance, and disgust.

“Yes,” said Tiri meekly.

The Duke glanced sharply at his mother.

She rose at once. “If you will forgive me, my children, I must really leave you for half an hour. I am going to make a call upon the Prince.” She waited to see how that outrageous lie would be received.

“Yes, of course, dear Mama! Do not hurry! We shall manage until you return!” said the Duke, his eyes upon Tiri’s small, apprehensive face.

The Duchess managed to get out of the room before her laughter began. To the startled Fallow, she said simply, “Do not let anyone disturb them, even the Countess. My son is making Mademoiselle de Granville a proposal of marriage!”

“Yes, Your Grace,” said Fallow complacently.





Within the gloomy room, the Duke stared down at the slender girl. He seemed dissatisfied. “How old are you?” he asked finally.

“I shall be eighteen in a few weeks,” replied Tiri.

His frown lightened. “So old? Good! I was afraid, from the way you look this morning, that you were about fifteen!”

This nasty observation put Tiri out of charity with the nobleman.

“And how old are you?” she rapped back, testily.

His Grace grinned. “Old enough, Tiri,” he told her.

“For what?” the girl was ill-advised enough to ask.

“To make love to you—if that’s what you want to know,” said the outrageous creature.

Tiri had her mouth open to put him in his place, and then she closed it slowly. Before the fascinated eyes of the Duke, those rosy lips softened into a seductive pout. The big blue eyes sparkled most attractively, and the husky little voice murmured, “Did you think you might wish to—make love to me, Daral?” she asked.

“Oh, God!” said the beleaguered, attacked, and vanquished nobleman, giving up the unequal battle and surrendering completely. “Will you marry me, you little witch?”

“But of course, Daral,” said Tiri. “If we can manage it without ruining your reputation. If we cannot, I shall probably live with you very privately, if you know what I mean?” She gave him her sweetest smile.

“Never,” thundered the Duke awfully, “let me hear such words from your mouth”—momentarily distracted, he looked hard at its soft contours—“your mouth again! How can I secure the succession if all our children are born on the wrong side of the blanket?”

Tiri frowned. This idiom was not familiar to her. “What?” she demanded. “I do not know this wrong blanket.”

“Don’t bother,” advised His Grace. “It isn’t going to happen. You are coming down to Lansdale, with your mother, and my mother, and most probably Sir Hilary—and God knows how many more interfering relatives! We are going to be married there as soon as I can arrange it. I do not wish to hear another word from you—except Yes, Daral!”

“That’s two words,” Tiri was going to say, but thought better of it after a covert glance at his domineering expression. She compromised upon, “Yes, Daral!” in such a sweet, loving, joyous voice that the Duke suddenly beamed and took her into his arms.

Fallow was waiting when an anxious Dani and her equally worried escort arrived back at Mall House half an hour later.

“Has anything been learned?” Sir Hilary demanded.

Noting his determined and aggressive air, Fallow made quick work of it. “She is in the drawing room, milord, being proposed to by His Grace.”

A slow smile spread over Sir Hilary’s face. “In that case, my good man—my very good man!—you may forbear to announce us.” Sir Hilary swung Dani around and led her back to his smart curricle. When he had helped her in, he dismissed his groom.

As they were bowling rapidly down the street, Dani ventured a question. “Why?—” was all she was able to say, before her companion, with a very predatory smile indeed, put his arm around her and drew her close to him. “Because Lansdale isn’t the only man who is going to have his chance to propose to one of you maddening de Granville women!”

“Oh!” said Dani and relaxed just a little against his hard side.

Her escort noted the gesture with a small smile of satisfaction. He inhaled deeply, and the seductive perfume that had haunted him since that first meeting in Calais drifted to his nostrils. “You are a lovely woman,” he said, and his voice was harsh in Dani’s ears. “If I ever see another Prince casting lecherous eyes at you, I shall lead the Revolution myself!” He pulled her even closer, to the detriment of his driving. “Do you understand me, Madame la Comtesse? You are to be my wife, and I am taking you to my father’s castle in Scotland, where you will live with me all our lives, and love me—”

The woman turned a little in his arm, until her lovely face was offered like a flower to his inspection.

“I will love you all my life,” she said softly, as though it were a prayer or a vow. “You are the only man I have ever wished to marry.”

“That is lucky for you!” said Sir Hilary firmly, but his heart was thundering in his breast. “My darling! My dearest little love! We shall have such a—jolly time!”

If there was anything lacking in that statement, Dani did not see it. Her lean, dark adventurer had found her, and he wanted her to be his wife.

There was no greater joy.





LADY DEARBORN’S DEBUT





Elizabeth Chater





To Elinor and Richard Davis, who helped with the research (Floss and Michael thank you)





Table of Contents Lady Dearborn’s Debut

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Coda





Chapter 1



The earl, bored and embattled, sought refuge in his library after dinner.

It was not enough. He had scarcely begun to sip at the excellent brandy brought to him by a silently commiserating butler when the door was flung open and the dowager countess thrust herself into the room. Mama makes her entrance like a ship under full sail, her son thought disparagingly, observing the tasteless, overblown series of flounces and ruffles that clothed her massive figure. Her fat face was flushed with overindulgence and annoyance; her small dark eyes reminded the man of a malicious pug dog she owned and cosseted.

She was already talking as she entered the library, continuing the harangue she had been delivering all during dinner.

“I make no excuse for invading your book room, Glendone! I am sure you have had quite long enough to enjoy your brandy in solitude. As I was saying in the dining room, I still cannot believe it! That ridiculous Dearborn female actually coming up to London for a season! She’s written to old Lady Bowser, who used to know her mama, announcing the date of her arrival—fishing for attention, of course! She’ll probably try to capitalize on the fact that your papa knew her husband, and seek to wheedle and cajole me into sponsoring her in the ton—as though she were a debutante!” She sniggered nastily.

The earl put down his brandy glass regretfully and faced his mama. “Did I not understand you to say that Lady Dearborn was a widow?”

“Of course she is”—the countess sniffed—“and as absurd in that role as she was as Dearborn’s wife! She’s at least thirty years younger than he was, and a fluff-head into the bargain! Why a man of George Dearborn’s notorious tastes ever came to marry her, a chit out of the schoolroom, I shall never know!”

“Her dowry?” suggested the earl cynically. He knew little and cared less about the gossip rife among his mama’s cronies at Glendon Hall, having thankfully spent the whole of his adult life in his London town house, leaving it to travel on the Continent or to seek refuge in his hunting lodge when his redoubtable mama descended upon London for one of her rare visits. He had never liked Glendon Hall, considering his ancestral mansion to be ugly, drafty, and hideously uncomfortable, but his chief reason for avoiding it had been the fact that his mama preferred to live there, where she was the unquestioned leader of county society.

It seemed, however, that since she had come up to London especially to launch a campaign against this wretched Dearborn woman, he was doomed to hear more boring details about this female who was the immediate object of the countess’s querulous resentment. “A plump dowry can sweeten even the sourest chit—or so I am told.”

“Dowry!” Lady Glendon was sneering. “Florence Grey’s father was as poor as a church mouse—although he always turned up at every reception and ball in the county—”

Her son, recognizing a name, interrupted her, his dark eyes alert with interest for once. “Grey? Wasn’t he that good-looking fellow with the pretty wife I met at the Hunt Ball the year—”

His mother interrupted bitterly in her turn. “The year you came into the title and decided to establish yourself in London? Yes. You were just down from Oxford, and barely waited to attend your papa’s funeral before you left the Hall.”

The earl ignored her attack. “Grey seemed a pleasant fellow. Their daughter married Dearborn? But surely he was older than Grey! The girl must have been young enough to be his daughter!”

“You are not going to tell me you disapprove of a prudent marriage among persons of our class, Glendon?” sneered his mama, and then continued, “But of course! You must do so, since you yourself have never married. Totally selfish! Utterly irresponsible! And since you are the last of the line, the name will die with you! Well, at least your papa and I shall not be there to witness the shameful dwindling off of the Glendons.”

“Oh, you are indestructible, my dear mama,” grated the earl. “I am convinced you will live to attend my funeral—and have something suitably cutting to say upon that occasion.” His dark eyes were fierce with controlled bitterness as he regarded the woman who had been more antagonist than mother all his life.

His mama, much pleased at having got through the normally imperturbable front her son presented, returned to the attack with fresh vigor.

“Sir George Dearborn had enough respect for his name to wish to marry a girl young enough to give him a healthy son,” she informed the earl. “And Larry Grey knew he could never find another man of our class willing to take the chit without a dowry. He married Florence off to Dearborn the year after you left home—”

“I have a very comfortable home, Mama,” retorted her son, “as you seem to believe every year when you come to visit me.” Such long visits, his acid smile implied.

His mama ignored this unworthy thrust and continued her tale with avid relish. “Florence Grey was unsuitable as a wife, of course. I could have told Sir George that if he had asked me! So young, barely out of the schoolroom, and so totty-headed that everyone, even the rector, called her Floss. Not Lady George, or even Lady Dearborn, but Lady Floss! It was no more than Sir George deserved, marrying such a silly chit! And of course there wasn’t a son.”

The earl frowned. He had no liking for the sort of nasty gossip that delighted his mama, but this particular story piqued his interest. He could not recall ever having met the girl Florence, but he had met and liked her handsome, pleasant father and her charming mother. In fact, if he had stayed at Glendon Hall, he would most likely have become good friends with them, for all they were twenty years older than he. They had been the most interesting and agreeable of the social group in which his parents had moved. So he did have an interest, however slight, in the fate that had befallen their only child.

“She—Florence—did not present Dearborn with an heir?”

“No,” announced the countess with relish. “There was a good deal of talk about it, of course—”

“Of course,” her son agreed blandly.

His mama ignored his sarcasm. “Nearly everyone said it was probably something lacking in the girl, since Sir George had a reputation as a womanizer and had several by-blows.”

“I beg you will spare my blushes, Mama,” begged the earl, making a prim mouth, although his dark eyes were bright with mockery.

“When Sir George died last year, they had been married for seven years, and Florence had not yet presented her husband with the son he wanted,” the countess said triumphantly.

“Dearborn must have been close to sixty, and the girl couldn’t have been more than eighteen when they married,” he said slowly, distaste evident in his tone.

“What has that to say to anything?” challenged his mama. “They could have had a child.”

“And I suppose the gossips of both sexes were busy blaming the wretched young wife,” said the earl. “Where were her parents?”

“Grey was killed in an accident a few months after Sir George married Florence; Mrs. Grey languished after his death, didn’t seem to wish to continue living. Sir George sent her off to some cousins of hers in Ireland. I believe she died there several years ago.”

What a comfort for the child-bride, thought the earl grimly. The more he heard about this poor little female, the more a slow resentment grew within him. And then he shrugged, frowning. What had he to do with some wretched young widow who was probably relieved to be free at last of the domination of the insensitive Sir George?—He had been a heavy-set, red-faced, boring brute who didn’t bother to wash his hands before sitting down to the table, as the earl recalled from the one dinner party they had both attended before he had left for London.

His mama was continuing her tirade. “And now the creature has the brass to announce that she is coming to London for the Season,” she sneered. “It’s plain she hopes to snare herself a husband now that her year of mourning is over.”

“I wish her luck,” the earl observed mildly. “I should think she deserves some, do you not?” He paused, seized by a most unpleasant idea. “You do not have matchmaking in mind, do you, dear Mama?”

His mother’s startled expression relieved him of that particular suspicion.

“Matchmaking, Glendon?” she repeated shrilly. “With that creature?” She grimaced with disgust. “It is the last thing I should wish for! No matter how deeply I deplore your laxity in fulfilling your obligation to your name and station, I should never permit you to make such a gross mésalliance. No, there are many suitable girls, maidens of good family and suitable fortune, among whom you must choose this season, Glendon.” Catching his frown of annoyance, she went on. “Your man-at-law agreed completely with me when I spoke to him this afternoon, Michael. I advise you to consult with him fairly soon. You have dallied long enough.”

For a long moment, Michael Glendon did not permit himself to speak, lest he shout at this interfering, overbearing intrusive busy body he was forced to acknowledge as his mama. He and his man-at-law were forever straightening out the unfortunate results of her meddling. Why would she never learn that he was an adult of thirty, the Earl of Glendon, more than capable of running his own life and his estates? If she had ever shown even one tiny jot of real affection for her only child, he would have put up with her eternal interference in his affairs with good grace, but she had never cared for another human being in all her life. She had made that abundantly clear. So the earl stared at her now, and even the countess’s self-assurance wavered under that icy glare. She opened her mouth to protest and was silenced by his arrogantly uplifted hand.

“If you are prudent, Mama, you will leave off further discussion of this very personal matter. In fact, I believe it is time we said good night.”

He rose, his powerful, well-exercised body towering over her. He executed his most formal bow, then ushered her toward the door. This was opened as if on cue by the butler, Ames. Not for the first time, Glendon wondered if Ames kept one ear to door panels, or if indeed he might be, as the earl had occasionally wondered, a warlock. Ames always seemed to know exactly what was going on, and he was undoubtedly the only person whom the redoubtable countess treated with a modicum of respect.

In total silence, that lady made her exit.

Ames closed the door silently.

The earl exhaled a long sigh and began to consider what friends he had who lived well away from London, who were not presently planning to come up for the Season. He did not spare another thought for the youthful widow. She was, of course, no possible concern of his.





Chapter 2



“Are you sure you are doing the sensible thing, dearest Floss?” queried the tall young woman, regarding her tiny aunt with deep concern.

It seemed absurd to Cleanthe Bradford that this adorable little creature, with her fluffy golden curls tucked into a small black widow’s cap and her blue eyes as wide and guileless as those of a pedigreed kitten, should have been the wife of Clea’s gross, unpleasant, and old Uncle George. Ever since she had come as an orphan to live with them, four years ago, she had disliked her mother’s brother and adored his darling young wife. She had found it impossible to grieve sincerely at Uncle George’s funeral last year. He had been fortunate to live as long as he had, what with drinking himself under the table with his hunting cronies every night and riding out every morning during the season no matter what the weather.

Of course, his behavior to his lovely little wife was rude and unforgivable; yet, in a way, Clea was happy that he had ignored Lady Floss most of the time. Better to be ignored by that brute than to be the object of his disgusting attentions, Clea thought fiercely.

She glanced up and found herself the focus of large blue eyes, which were now, as they so often were, sparkling with amusement.

“Sensible?” Floss repeated Clea’s question. “Have you ever known me to do the sensible thing, dearest Clea?” teased her aunt with a naughty smile. “I intend that our little toddle up to town shall be purely for pleasure, Clea—something our lives have been lamentably lacking this last year.”

Clea smiled at the provocative little face with loving admiration. “Upon such occasions as this,” she advised her aunt. “I feel as though I were your mama. Protective.”

“Bossy,” retorted Floss with a gamine grin. “But I have a cure for that!”

“Tell me,” urged Clea, already prone to alarm. No one could anticipate the actions of Lady Floss—it was doubtful that she herself knew what she would do five minutes before she did it. Impulsive. Shatter-brained, the old crows in the county liked to say, ignoring the warm, loving heart that was the source of the generous, madcap behavior. Seven years of marriage to Sir George Dearborn had not managed to destroy the delightfully unconventional ideas of young Lady Dearborn, nor to change her naïve acceptance of every human she met as worthy of her confidence and friendship until they proved her wrong. Clea decided ruefully that nothing could dim the trusting light in those lovely eyes. Floss’s late husband had been pleased to sneer that she had an odd kick in her gallop, but Clea had adored the loving if flighty little woman who had opened her home and her heart to the big, ungainly young orphan.

Over the years, Floss had tried in the gentlest way to dress Clea so as to bring out her best features, but there was never enough money left by the time Sir George had paid for his own pleasures. Except once, when Floss had had a beautiful riding habit made for Clea. It was the handsomest garment Clea had ever owned, and she was surprised to see how well she looked in it. For once, her tall, slender frame seemed graceful and feminine, and, delighted with her appearance, she carried herself like a young princess. Floss was in alt, telling her that she must always wear that particular shade of deep gold, which exactly matched her eyes, and begging Clea to note how well the shade brought out the gold in her silver-gilt mane of hair.

Sir George had grumbled that he had misplaced the money he meant to spend on having the roof of the hall mended, but since his interest in maintaining his estate was almost nonexistent, he agreed crossly with a humble suggestion from his young wife that he might possibly have lost the sum in a game of cards with his cronies.

Aside from this one stroke of luck, the ladies of Dearborn Hall were obliged to seek in the attics for outmoded finery belonging to earlier Dearborn ladies that could be refashioned into presentable costumes. It had hardly mattered, Clea thought gloomily. Very few of Sir George’s friends went in for balls and receptions; and the rest of the gentry in the county seldom included the Dearborns on their guest lists.

But now, if she was to believe Floss, the situation had changed. They were to go to London, to enjoy the Season that was just starting. Clea frowned.

“But dear Floss, what are we to use for money? From all Mr. Trevelyan has said— ”

Floss shook her head in firm rejection of Lawyer Trevelyan and all his prosy pronouncements. As she did so, her golden hair escaped in enchanting ringlets from the confines of the absurd widow’s cap she had tried to contain them in.

“Of course I’m aware that Sir George ran the estate into the ground and left us with the barest pittance. And that the heir has given us notice to vacate—”

“He gave us until the end of your year of mourning,” Clea said, determined to be fair to the hateful creature.

“He has also offered to purchase the Dower House from me for a good deal more than it is worth, on condition that I remove myself, bag and baggage, immediately—if not sooner,” Floss confessed.

“But that’s generous of him!” Clea exclaimed. “You didn’t tell me,” she accused her aunt.

“I have not forgiven him,” announced Floss grandly, “for refusing to come to the funeral or to visit us here at all. What does it matter that he had some absurd feud going with Sir George! That should not have influenced his behavior toward us!”

Clea could not understand this grudge-holding on the part of her normally forgiving aunt. Had Floss had an unpleasant encounter with the fellow on some former occasion? She decided to ask.

Clea hesitated for a moment before answering. “No child, I have never met Lord Ranulf.” Since she refused to meet Clea’s glance, the suspicion grew in the young girl’s mind that her darling aunt was not telling all the truth. Still, what secret could there be? Clea believed her when she said she had never met the man. And he had, after all, behaved very generously, surely?

“Perhaps he has been unable to leave his own estate in the north,” she suggested. It was her private opinion that anyone who could avoid meeting Sir George would have been sensible to do so; perhaps the heir had some real grievance against the former owner. Still, it was rather odd that he had let the anger continue after Sir George’s death and had extended it to take in the widow. Clea hardened her heart against Lord Ranulf Vanir Malyon.

“So tell me about the offer to purchase the Dower House,” she coaxed Floss gently.

The volatile little featherhead brightened at once.

“Mr. Trevelyan informs me that Lord Ranulf’s offer is a very generous one. It will be sufficient to provide a season in London, with plenty of new gowns, the lease of a house in a good neighborhood, and even a smart carriage with coachman and groom!”

Although Floss’s lighthearted approach to the important venture frightened Clea, she had to smile in sympathy with her aunt’s obvious delight. Poor little female! She had endured Heaven knew what horrors as the wife of the brutish Sir George. Surely it was only justice that she have a little pleasure after the unfortunate years of the marriage and the lonely, dull time of mourning. And it was equally obvious that she could not have it in this cold, unfriendly district, where scarcely any of her neighbors had even bothered to pay a call of condolence or extend an invitation for a cup of tea.

So—it was to be London, and a Season.

And then what? Had Floss considered what was to come after, when the small store of cash was gone? With a despairing sigh, Clea knew she would have to bring up the matter.

She asked the question as gently as she was able.

Floss considered it, her head tipped to one side like a small golden bird. A piquant smile teased at her soft red lips. “But of course, dear Clea, we shall live with your husband!”

The girl gasped. “My hus—!” She couldn’t get the word out.

Floss giggled. “Not if you insist upon making faces like that!” she teased gaily. “Of course we are going to London to find you a suitable parti, my dear,” she advised loftily. “As well as to have a very gay time,” she added with a mischievous twinkle. “I have not enjoyed myself for donkey’s years!”

Clea did not smile. “You know how ugly and . . . truly unpresentable I am.” She managed to keep her voice level against the pain that shook her. “In all the years I have lived at Dearborn Hall, there has never been one gentleman who came to call on me. And at that Hunt Ball we went to, before Uncle George died, I was the only girl who sat out every dance!”

Floss was not disconcerted. “That was because you had, as indeed I did also, a hideous gown to wear and your hair was incorrectly dressed. I am sorry I am so poor at arranging coiffures, dear child,” she apologized. “I never could get the hang of it!” She pulled at one of her own unruly curls with exasperation.

“It was not only my unflattering coiffure and my wretched excuse for a ball gown,” persisted Clea grimly. She must nip this folly of Floss’s in the bud, lest both of them be hurt by the inevitable failure of her efforts. She gathered up her pride. “It is because I am so very ugly, dear Floss. Can you not see that? A veritable giantess, with an unruly mane of white hair! What man would want to dance with such an awkward creature as me? I have nothing to recommend me to a discriminating man.”

Floss surprised her. “I had not believed you lacked courage, Cleanthe,” she said softly.

Clea squared her shoulders. “It is not courage I lack, dear Aunt,” she answered quietly. “It is beauty, charm, personality. . . .”

“Not true,” countered her aunt. She scrutinized the face and figure of the girl with eyes from which all amusement had disappeared. “What you really lack is confidence—in yourself—and in me. I am older than you, Dear Clea, and I have seen enough of men and women to know what they can accomplish—and what they cannot. And I know that the one essential ingredient in accomplishment is belief that it can be done. I would not coax you into this adventure if I did not believe you could handle it successfully. But you will have to believe—in yourself and in me. Do you?”

The younger woman shook her head. “I—I’m not sure.” It was the best she could dredge up from her unhappy heart. She did not wish to let Aunt Floss down. But how could she believe in herself when all her experience had proved she was unacceptable?

She turned to place herself in front of the mirror in Floss’s bedroom. The image that stared back at her did not reassure her. To her prejudiced scrutiny there was little to suggest a successful candidate in the marriage mart. Still . . . somehow it was unbearably hard to reject the promise Floss was holding out. To be made prettier. What female could resist the prospect? And possibly there might be some man, somewhere, who would see beyond the unfashionably thin, unfemininely tall body and the unruly mane of strange-colored hair to the lonely, warm woman’s heart of her?

Cleanthe nodded grimly. Courage! If Floss wanted her season so badly, it ill behooved Clea to deny her. Darling little Floss at least would be acceptable in the ton, and deserved her pleasure after all the unhappy years at Dearborn Hall.

“It’s a wonderful idea!” she said as cheerfully as she could. “Of course we must go, as soon as that man sends the money for the Dower house. Tell Trevelyan we shall not set foot outside the door until the whole of the sum is in your hands!”

And they laughed together, Clea feeling absurdly youthful and carefree for the first time in her life.





Chapter 3



Lord Ranulf Malyon rode his great horse Thor at full gallop along the deserted beach near his castle. It was a bitterly cold, unpleasant day, and Thor objected to being taken out for no good purpose that an intelligent equine could determine. They were not going anywhere, not hunting, nor was the weather such that it would entice either horse or man to enjoy a canter by the sea. Thor’s obvious reluctance expressed itself in defiance. So horse and rider raced along the sand, each battling for dominance—a remarkable picture if there had been anyone to witness it. Thor was a giant black stallion, heavy enough to bear the weight of his huge master with ease and cantankerous enough, at this moment, to defy his master’s will. Lord Ranulf, whose hat had blown off earlier in the ride, looked a veritable marauding Norseman with his long fair hair flying in the wind, his dark blue eyes fierce under heavy blond brows, and his arrogant features set in a wicked scowl.

Milord had a great deal of anger to get rid of. He had been more than patient with the conniving little widow of his distant relative, George Dearborn, whose heir he was. Unwillingly he admitted it was true, for who would choose to take over the management of a rundown estate with all its problems to resolve? He had had his man-at-law inform the lady that he would respect her period of mourning but that he wished to be rid of her before he himself moved in to settle the wretchedly mismanaged estate. He had heard enough, from an acquaintance of his who lived in the area, to form a very poor opinion of the female who had enticed a man old enough to be her father into marrying her, and who then had refused to bear the child Sir George Dearborn needed to preserve his line.

Since he had never visited Dearborn Hall and had only met his mother’s fourth cousin once, in London—and had not taken to him then—he was forced to rely upon his county acquaintance and his man-at-law as his intelligencers. Still, it was obvious that neither the irresponsible Sir George nor his grasping wife had given the slightest care to the nourishment or strengthening of the holding. All was at sixes and sevens, falling apart; the tenants discouraged and idle, the land in bad heart. . . . At that instant, Thor made a treacherous attempt to unseat his rider. Lord Ranulf grunted savagely. To make decisions under these conditions was impossible!

The big man pulled Thor’s head around and gave him the office to return down the deserted beach toward the castle. Satisfied that he had taught his arrogant master a much-needed lesson, Thor moved into his most accommodating pace and swept milord smoothly toward the stables.

Lord Ranulf grinned and bent over to pat the complacent horse on the neck.

“Would that the greedy widow were as easily handled,” he muttered. “Perhaps I shall enter the lists myself. Trevelyan is too meek to manage the vixen.”

When he arrived at Dearborn Hall two days later, however, it was to discover that the mercenary widow had departed the day before for London, having received the overgenerous payment for the Dower House that very day.

She wasted no time once she had her blood money, thought Lord Ranulf viciously, staring around himself at the worn and unfashionable furniture, the faded draperies, the general neglect of the house. When he questioned the servants, however, they seemed to have a surprising loyalty to their former mistress. The aging butler summed it up.

“Madam never had enough money to run the place as she might have wished, your lordship,” he said slowly. “She always saw to it that we had our wages, and Miss Clea often helped out if there was too much for the maids to do.”

Miss Clea? Who was she? He then vaguely recalled hearing of a female hanger-on, some poor relation of Dearborn’s who had been invited to make her home with him. The poor aiding the poverty-stricken, he thought with an uncharacteristic sneer. Would the two of them have further schemes to try? He must take immediate steps to settle the matter of the greedy widow, who had obviously been wily enough to keep on the right side of the servants. Lord Ranulf forbore to question the butler further, merely informing the old fellow that anyone who wished to remain in service might do so, and that his factor from Malyon Keep would be down to go over all estate and household affairs and set things to rights within a few days. Until then, the butler was to instruct the cook to lay in supplies, and the maids and grooms to clean the whole place for inspection.

Leaving the old fellow shaking his head soberly, Lord Ranulf departed, riding Thor. He was well-pleased to be getting away from this rundown mansion and spending the night at a good inn nearer to London. Since he had an urgent appointment in the city with his man-at-law, to transfer funds and set the restoration of Dearborn Hall in train, he had not intended to remain at Dearborn Hall. He had been sure that his meeting with the treacherous widow would be so unpleasant as to render a stay under the same roof unsupportable. But now that she had outmaneuvered him, leaving before he could tell her what he thought of her, he had no release for the contemptuous anger that had been simmering in him for several weeks.

Run out on him, would she? Of course she would not wish to stay and face his condemnation of her behavior! Craven as well as avaricious! He was able to give vent to some of his anger as he rode, but the residue of its hardened into a determination to pursue the fugitive to London, where, as the butler had informed him, Lady Dearborn was bound. Lord Ranulf thought that he would observe the widow’s machinations in London and put a spoke in her wheel. After the way she had gouged Trevelyan for the Dower House, she deserved nothing better. A seasoned adventuress—or at the least a greedy and insensitive schemer!

This matter decided to his satisfaction, Lord Ranulf put the willing Thor to a steady gallop southward.





At this moment, unaware of the fate that was being planned for her, Lady Floss was approaching the reception desk of a quiet but prestigious hotel in London. She had written ahead to reserve rooms, and now she introduced herself to the self-important little man behind the desk. To Clea’s rueful amusement, it took her attractive little aunt less than one minute to have the fellow, whose name was Hawkins, pantingly eager to serve her. In fact, he insisted upon accompanying the ladies to their suite, waving imperiously for the porter to follow.

While Hawkins pointed out the virtues of their accommodation, he beamed upon the obviously pleased Lady Dearborn. Floss smiled her satisfaction as she looked about her. The furnishings of the small but attractive rooms were such a contrast to the threadbare inconveniences of Dearborn Hall! Clea, too, stared at the dainty richness of the tiny sitting room and then followed Floss into the charming bedroom with its two beds.

Sinking onto one, the younger woman sighed blissfully, “I shall probably never leave this room,” Clea said, “except perhaps to eat.” Floss giggled, enchanting Hawkins.

When the porter had placed their luggage in the bedroom and left with his pourboire, Hawkins paused suggestively by the open doorway.

“How else may I serve you, milady? It is our desire in this establishment to ensure that every guest has the utmost in comfort and satisfaction.”

I’ll wager a tidy sum he doesn’t lay it on that thick with every guest, surmised Clea to herself, smothering a grin.

Lady Floss was taking advantage of the situation.

“There is something we should like to know,” she said, smiling at the ingratiating little man.

“Anything, milady!” breathed Hawkins.

Floss offered the gratuity she had ready in her hand. “First, we should like tea and scones, and possibly some cake?” Her smile was so youthful and appealing that the man responded at once, warmly.

Ignoring the proffered tip, he said eagerly, “Oh, yes, milady! Our chef makes French pastries the ladies usually love! I shall personally see that he puts some on the tray for you.”

When he had gone, closing the door softly behind him, Floss gave Clea her gamine grin. “You see, I have mastered the art of traveling, dear girl! A nice tip and a helpless feminine smile!” She chuckled wickedly.

Clea was forced to smile. “Helpless?’ she repeated. “My dearest Floss—for I refuse to call you aunt when you are behaving like a naughty child!—you bewitched that poor fellow out of his expected gratuity and probably got us enough cakes to ruin our dinner—”

“I refuse to listen to such fustian,” said Floss pertly. “When he returns, I shall ask him for the name of the best dressmaker in London! And then I shall give him his tip, which he will have earned!”

Over the lavish and delicious tea, the two women discussed the rather surprising facts Hawkins had given them. It seemed there were several modistes in London who were much admired and frequented by those ladies who had fashion in the ton. But they, being well aware of their value, chose their clientele with fiendish arrogance. However, there was a newcomer, a Frenchman, who was really worth a visit and was less rigid in his choice of clients.

“He’s some connection of our chef’s, and he seems to think the young man’s a wonder,” Hawkins had advised them. “As a general thing, I wouldn’t even have mentioned his name, milady, but he’s reasonable in price, and he gets some remarkable effects, I’m told.” He looked searchingly at the two women. The little one was very pretty, a real charmer; the other was probably her maid or companion. He shrugged at their doubtful expressions. “Well, you’ve the names of the popular ones, but I’d better warn you they sometimes refuse to accept new customers. I wish you well, milady—if that’s not presumptuous.”

Floss thanked him, insisted that he take the tip, and said nothing more until he closed the door after himself. She remained silent, staring blindly at the tea tray in front of her.

Clea, who had seen that look before, said hastily, “No, Floss, you mustn’t! Whatever it is you’re thinking, don’t! Just go to one of the regular dressmakers—you’ve got enough money to do what you planned—and I’m sure they wouldn’t be snobbish with a member of the aristocracy!”

“My poor child,” said Floss, putting on a fashionably fading voice, “some little nobody from the country with a title no one in London has ever heard of? And not her own, really!” She just married it, didn’t you hear? Poor as a church mouse, and knows No one of any standing in the beau monde!”

At the look of dismay upon Clea’s expressive countenance, Floss burst into giggles. When she sobered, she gave Clea the sweet, warm smile that was so hard to resist.

“Can you trust me, Clea? Give me the chance to show you what I had planned for us?”

Who could deny the little witch? thought Clea, resigned to her fate.

The next few weeks were going to be interesting, to say the least.





Chapter 4



Lord Ranulf lost no time in launching his campaign against the encroaching widow. He had never been a conformable man, as the hostesses in his neighborhood would willingly testify. “A regular Viking,” old Lady Cardess had dubbed him, with a sniff that expressed her annoyance at his social intractability.

“Say, rather a savage boor!” argued the new young wife of a local bigwig. Lady Rachel was a pretty, spoiled little minx, and she had unsuccessfully angled to have the handsome giant become her cavaliere servente, paying fervent but innocuous court to her for everyone to observe.

“I could have warned you you’d never get Malyon to gallant you,” the older woman advised her with some relish. “No female has been known to snare him—no female of our order, of course. As to the other kind . . .”

The discussion immediately concerned itself with the disgusting amorality of the male sex, of which Lord Ranulf Malyon was generally agreed to be a most recalcitrant and maddening example.

The maddening example, callously unaware of the resentment he had aroused among his neighbors’ female relatives, was proceeding on a self-assigned mission of retribution. True, things had been very dull at Malyon Keep of late. His neighbors’ wives had pestered him with invitations that he found boring: his estates were flourishing under the admirable care of his factor, Tavish; his lawyer had finally succeeded in finding the bait that lured the harpy widow from the Dearborn property, now, unfortunately, Malyon’s. The prospect of punishing the greedy female seemed the only interesting project in an otherwise dull existence.

All the way to London, his anger and contempt had grown with the miles. When he finally presented himself at the reception desk of the hotel he had chosen as a temporary base of operations, Lord Ranulf had never more clearly resembled his marauding ancestors. The attendant clerk took one look at the blond giant with the fiercely challenging iron-blue eyes beneath bristling golden eyebrows and lost the facade of haughty condescension for which he had been hired.

“Y-y-yes, sir? Wh-what is your pleasure?”

As the seconds lengthened into minutes without the Viking deigning to reply, the clerk added a placating “Milord?”

Lord Ranulf’s expression became even more threatening. “My man-at-law has arranged that rooms be prepared for me in this . . . hostel,” he said nastily. “I am Malyon.”

The clerk was aware that a splendid suite had been made ready for the hitherto unheard-of nobleman. In fact, such was the overwhelming self-esteem of the hotel’s management that discreet investigations had been put in train to ensure that some petty, jumped-up local celebrity from the north should not embarrass the reputation of the Windsor House.

Whatever he was, this Lord Ranulf Malyon was neither petty nor jumped-up. Only centuries of dominance could have bred that icy arrogance into the dark blue gaze and set that damn-your-eyes sneer on the well-cut mouth. Too add to the picture of milord’s consequence, the clerk recalled that several large trunks had been delivered earlier that day to the nobleman’s suite. He glanced beyond Lord Ranulf’s impressive bulk.

“Y-your servants, milord? Your valet?”

This piece of impertinence was received with the silence that it deserved. Then, with an air of putting up with a quite incompetent servant’s stupidity, which the clerk found intolerable, Lord Ranulf enunciated carefully. “If I may be shown to my rooms . . .?”

It is to be put down to the clerk’s credit that he himself led the overbearing nobleman to his suite and made sure—quite unnecessarily—that everything was as milord would wish. Bowing himself out, he heaved a sigh of relief outside the closed door. He was glad that his duties did not include personal service to so crusty and toplofty a guest!

As for Lord Ranulf, he was guilty of a grin at the surrender and hasty retreat of the bumptious hotel clerk. He told himself that this was just the beginning. Very shortly he would have the satisfaction of watching the ineffectual struggles and final surrender of the rapacious widow, no matter how many indigent relatives and hired retainers she had managed to surround herself with. I shall storm the barricades! he promised himself with a wide, white-toothed marauder’s grin. Let the woman beware!

Basking in these reflections with relish, Lord Ranulf prepared to initiate his London campaign. First he must discover where the female was hiding herself. Then place a spy in her camp, if that were possible, to ferret out the details of her latest nefarious scheme. And then . . . !

Battle! To the death!

Lord Ranulf grinned again. Wolfishly.





The innocent subject of this dark plotting was happier than she had ever been in all her twenty-six years. She had the company of a bright, responsive, and honest young woman whose charming possibilities had been ruthlessly neglected. Floss had, for the first time in her life, both the freedom to act and enough money to afford the things she had always longed for. But first, both she and Clea must have a new image, glamorous and elegant enough to impress the beau monde.

Hawkins’s young Frenchman had proved an easy victim to the innocent-seeming wiles of the young Lady Dearborn. Her obvious beauty, tiny and golden-tressed and feminine, would be easy to bring into alamodality. Pleasant work, since money seemed no obstacle, but no real challenge for a young couturier out to make his name in London society. Of course, the lady had no vestige of style at the moment, but perhaps her truly unfortunate garments were de rigueur for widows in this fashion-benighted country.

The other young lady, her companion, was something else again! At first sight of Miss Cleanthe Bradford’s tall, badly dressed figure, Jean-Paul had experienced a sense of shock. Because she presented a problem impossible for an honest couturier to accept? The girl must be all of six feet tall, but that was not the only, nor the most difficult, part of the assignment. Jean-Paul was neither blond nor a fool. His truly artistic eye had already observed the girl’s amazing white-gold hair and the amber-gold eyes, so rich and strange as to bewitch a man if they were properly displayed. But her posture was poor, her complexion and the amazing hair badly presented, and her clothes were a disaster. A formidable challenge! In fact, thought the young Frenchman wryly, to bring these two unusual ladies into fashion would prove an écrasement de travail—a crushing task!

En avant, Jean-Paul! he encouraged himself. If you succeed, you will make your name famous in this savage country!

He turned a smile of practiced charm upon the two English ladies. “It will be a joy to bring your real beauty to life,” he assured them.

Lady Dearborn nodded happily, but the white-haired giantess frowned at him.

“You can’t be serious,” she announced disconcertingly.

Jean-Paul’s glance flew to the older woman’s smiling countenance. His face suddenly appeared young and vulnerable. “Milady, I can bring out a beauty that I perceive in each of you, which has been hidden by the, uh, rather unflattering garments that you—that is . . .” To his horror, he realized that he was actually blushing.

Lady Floss giggled. The sound was so natural, so feminine, that Jean-Paul’s horrified tension relaxed.

His new patron said gently, “I am sure you will do all that is necessary to bring us both”—with a minatory glance at the younger woman—“into high fashion. You are to spare no expense! Permit your genius full rein!” She smiled sweetly. “We have already heard how gifted you are.”

The young couturier’s ardent Gallic loyalty was completely won by this adorable small female. Passionately, he promised himself that he would bring the two women to the dazed and admiring attention of the whole stuffy English beau monde—no matter how much work it took!





There followed a deliriously exciting week for all three of the principals in this scheme to impress the ton. Jean-Paul ordered them sternly not to place so much as a nose outside the door of their suite, lest they be seen before he could work his transformation. Lady Floss, starved for the pleasure of pretty, becoming clothes and a coiffure that would set off her face to best advantage, had no difficulty in obeying the young Frenchman’s orders. Clea, gloomily convinced that Jean-Paul’s efforts would result in nothing but further humiliation for herself, quickly came to resent the cavalier orders of their mentor.

One morning, when Jean-Paul and his two attendant seamstresses arrived at the suite for the day’s work, it was discovered that Clea was missing.

“She is restless, poor child,” explained Lady Floss. “She has never been to London and finds its attractions irresistible. She will return as soon as the delights of the museum pall.”

Museum! thought Jean-Paul with true Gallic incredulity. “What did the young lady wear?” he asked, dreading to hear the answer.

Lady Floss quite understood his alarm. “The new cloak you made for her,” she said soothingly. “And the darling little matching bonnet. She will not disgrace you, monsieur. Besides, no one knows her here in London.”

“Yet,” Jean-Paul reminded his charming little patroness gloomily. Then he became a little less despondent. “En effet, who will see her in such a place—if indeed she has gone to a museum?”

“Oh, she’s gone there,” vouchsafed Lady Floss. “The child has a hunger for knowledge, for culture—”

“Bas bleu—you would say, a bluestocking!” gasped Jean-Paul. “Milady, if you wish to introduce Miss Bradford to the ton, there must not be the slightest hint of such outré interests!”

Lady Floss’s charming smile was for once absent. She stared through the young dressmaker with a blind look that Clea would have recognized and been alarmed by. “I wonder,” she whispered, more to herself that to the couturier. “I begin to feel that Clea must have no ordinary parti. To appreciate her true worth will take a mature man, not a green boy or a shallow man-about-town.”

And when Clea slipped quietly back into the suite later that day, weary but obviously well pleased with her little sortie, no word of blame was uttered.

In point of fact, as the week had drawn to a close, both the ladies were startled and delighted at the skill, the genius, of their couturier. Not content with designing attractive garments for all possible social occasions, he had sternly given them over into the hands of an older Frenchwoman for personal improvement. Since the teacher, one Madame Duchamps, was herself a dazzling argument for her own skills with maquillage and coiffure, they accepted her instruction, Lady Floss eagerly and Clea with self-doubting reservations.

Madame Duchamps’s small black eyes scanned the girl knowingly. “It is seen that you have little confidence in yourself, ma chérie,” she said softly as she was washing and drying Clea’s hair one morning. She stared hard into the shuttered face of the younger woman. “You hate it, this truly amazing hair of yours, do you not?” she probed gently.

Clea set her teeth. “Have you any idea what it is to be six feet tall and crowned with a mop of white hair when you are eighteen years old?” she uttered fiercely. “I am a freak, Madame Duchamps. I have pleaded with Lady Floss not to force me into the ton! They will laugh at me—and at her!”

The Frenchwoman kept up her soothing motion against the girl’s scalp. She was frowning. The girl was, to say the least, not quite in the common mode. Jean-Paul had already discussed with his French assistant his ideas for the proper clothing of the awkwardly large girl. But he had left the styling of the white hair to her, and the amount and kind of maquillage. As she dried the gorgeous mass of silver-gilt, Renée Duchamps felt a stirring of excitement. To try to tone down, disguise, all this femaleness was not the answer. Toujours l’audace! Flaunt the rare, the unusual. Do not seek to hide it!

Afire with her new vision, Renée Duchamps set herself to uncover the true beauty of the girl.

Two hours later, she sank exhausted into a chair and said only, “Call Jean-Paul and Lady Dearborn.”

They, with the two seamstresses, were just finishing a ball gown for Lady Floss. All four hurried into the room at the insistent summons. And all four halted near the doorway, gaping at the magnificent vision that presented itself to their wondering gaze.

Renée Duchamps had surpassed herself.

Standing in the center of the bedroom was a divinely tall creature, a goddess, whose simple white dress, caught under the budding breasts with a gilt cord, fell in a soft drape to the slender ankles. The Grecian purity of the costume was a startling departure from the current fashion for overdress à la bergére, with elaborately embroidered or jeweled underskirts. It was simple, classically beautiful—and quite out of style.

The small regal head was crowned by a roll of shining, silver-gold hair that swept back from Clea’s broad forehead to cascade in a silken wave far below the white shoulders. Lustrous golden eyes stared challengingly out of a classically featured face. The small straight nose and firm chin were delectably softened by the lush, rosy curves of a mouth whose innocent sensuality, revealed by the soft red paste, startled Jean-Paul and amazed Lady Floss.

Why had she never seen this latent sensuality in Cleanthe before? Was it a new development, a maturing? Lady Floss felt the excitement of a new project beckoning irresistibly. She would scour the ton for just such a worldly, cultured man who could appreciate this lovely young goddess. No careless, self-centered, spoiled youth should win this darling girl!

Although Jean-Paul said nothing, the two seamstresses were clucking and fluttering their admiration, beaming at the lovely vision before them.

Two things were immediately obvious to the quaking, insecure girl behind the dazzling new facade. First, that no one, not even Darling Aunt Floss, had expected any such metamorphosis of ugly elephant into Grecian goddess. The second was that their evident surprise and admiration proved to the girl that the image she had seen—and doubted—in the mirror was indeed the new, improved Clea Bradford.

Oh, world! thought the girl with trembling joy, here I am! At last!

In the general euphoria, it was not at once noted that Jean-Paul was uncharacteristically silent. The young Frenchman’s sense of shock had quickly turned into deep foreboding. The girl was beautiful, sans doute. Like some pale statue out of Greece, feminine but reserved, at once less and more than life. Glorious, yes! But would she be accepted by the ton? Looking like that? Jean-Paul gravely doubted it. To his cynical Gallic eyes, the young lady and her charming sponsor were headed for social disaster.





Chapter 5



Michael, the Earl of Glendon, presented himself at Lady Dearborn’s modest but correct hotel the following day.

It is to be admitted that he had had grave doubts as to the wisdom of his action, since he had seen Lady Floss only a few times before her marriage to the uncouth Sir George. As he recalled now, he had not been particularly impressed by the chit’s appearance. Green girls did not, even then, appeal to Lord Glendon’s taste. It was distinctly possible that seven years as the consort of Dearborn had made her even less attractive to a man of the earl’s sophisticated tastes and high standards.

Why, then, did he find himself, elegant topper in hand, making his bow to a surprisingly pretty little woman in a charming rose-pink gown of the latest style?

Grimly he recalled the three causes of his undoubtedly rash action.

First, his mama’s endless diatribes against “that encroaching widow” and her commands that he have nothing to do with the creature. Mama had a fatal gift of pushing her son to the opposite side of any argument she initiated. Second, there was the warm memory of the Greys, parents of the girl, a cheerful, lighthearted couple who, although they were much older than the young Michael, had been the only friendly faces among his parents’ stuffy, pompous set. Perhaps for the Greys’ sake alone, the earl thought, remembering many kindnesses to a fledgling just down from college, he should offer their only child a bit of help with—or perhaps some sensible advice against!—this very ineligible scheme to storm the beau monde.

His final reason was a note he now held in his hand, offering it to the petite charmer who was dimpling up at him so deliciously. Pulling his wits together, Lord Glendon decided that he would have to warn the little creature not to be so open. Her manner would leave her vulnerable to the poisonous darts and vicious thrusts of the self-proclaimed leaders of the ton. So his expression was stern as he accepted her invitation to be seated and faced her with firm decisiveness. Best to go to the heart of the matter at once!

“It will not do, you know, Lady Dearborn,” he began.

It was at this early moment in the encounter that the arrogant earl—as he was frequently called among the society hostesses—received his first setback. Little Lady Floss had opened the note and was reading it with a smile of pleasure.

“Kind Lady Bowser! She used to know my grandmama, and had ever a gracious word for me, as a child! So she has written to you now to urge you to launch me in society!”

This was going a great deal too far and too fast for a wary nobleman. Feeling an unaccustomed tightness at his throat, the earl tugged gently at his cravat, shaking his head slightly in repudiation of the woman’s assumption.

“On the contrary, Lady Dearborn, Lady Bowser has urged me to discuss the matter of your entrée into the ton with you. To give you advice and counsel. Which I have come to do,” he ended with a fair imitation of his usual arrogance. He took a deep breath and was a little perturbed that he felt the need of it.

“In the first place, Lady Dearborn,” he began with an assumption of cool insolence that he hoped would show her the weakness of her situation, “it would be quite ineligible for you to be introduced to the ton by an unmarried nobleman. Your grandmama’s old friend knows that, if you do not.”

That should give her pause, he thought a trifle smugly. Indeed, the rosy flash of pleasure she had evinced in welcoming him had now faded, leaving her almost white-faced and solemn as a reprimanded child. Why did he react to this little nobody as though she had some claim upon him? the earl challenged himself. He owed nothing more than common courtesy to the child of the good-natured Greys. So, to work!

“Lady Bowser tells me she is having a small dinner—just a few close friends—to welcome you and your companion to London. She asks me to pick you up at this hotel and bring you to her—”

“But I am leaving this hotel soon,” said Lady Floss quietly.

Lord Glendon was surprised and annoyed. Why must the woman interrupt his careful explanation of this sensible plan with her foolish starts? He took another deep breath.

“Do you think that is wise?” he began in a voice of calm reason. “You will not be in London long enough to require more permanent quarters—” At her look of surprise he went on soothingly, “Of course you will be returning to Dearborn Hall—”

Again the woman interrupted his calm discourse.

“I have no home to return to,” she said, low-voiced. “The estate was entailed to a distant cousin of George’s, and he instructed his man-at-law to give me a sum of money in return for my surrendering my claim upon the Dower House. There was nothing left for me from the estate itself,” she added.

Perhaps it was her quiet explanation of her incredibly vulnerable situation that shocked the ear; perhaps it was the sight of her small, pretty face under the riot of golden curls. Lord Glendon smothered a curse and realized that, as a gentleman and a friend of the woman’s parents, he had been well and truly hooked into a deplorable imbroglio. He was not yet sure whether the entrapment was deliberate or innocent, but he made a vow to discover the truth, and if the woman was playing off her wiles on him . . . he would destroy her! Setting his teeth, he asked softly, “What exactly are you planning to do, Lady Dearborn.?”

“I shall be finding a small, pleasant house in which my husband’s niece and I may spend the Season,” she began slowly. “I cannot carry out my plans for her from this hotel,” she added kindly, as to a social ignorance.

Niece? There was another female in this? Lord Glendon was forced to clear his throat before he asked, “Your plans for her?”

The riot of golden curls bounced with the force of Lady Floss’s nod. “Yes. She is a wonderful girl, and I intend to see her suitably married.”

My God! Marriage! This was worse than he had suspected—and he was already too deeply committed to make the cowardly exit his very soul craved. Perhaps his mama might get him out of this? Take over the two females, sponsor them, find a parti for the niece? With a silent groan of despair, Lord Glendon realized that his redoubtable mother would like nothing better than to rout two women she already volubly despised.

And somehow, looking into the clear, wide eyes of little Lady Floss—eyes so obviously innocent of the traps and hideous humiliations that would surely destroy her—somehow the Earl of Glendon could not find it in his heart to deliver this little country bumpkin to the dragons. He set his broad shoulders.

“I shall help you to find yourself a suitable house,” he informed her. “As to the niece . . . I shall have to see her before I can tell you whether she will be acceptable in the ton.” He gave his companion a searching glance, and his expression softened slightly. “You seem to have acquired a knowledgeable modiste,” he admitted. “I do not recall your being so much in the mode in the County.”

Again the woman surprised him. A faint shadow of the delightful smile with which she had greeted him softened the pretty mouth. “You do not recall me, period,” she said. “I recall you, however. A very toplofty, opinionated youth so full of his own importance that he could not possibly have noticed the gawky daughter of his friends the Greys.”

But the earl had already had enough encroachment upon his dignity for one day. The full horror of the net he had become entangled in was slowly becoming apparent to him, and he’d be damned if he was going to take impertinence from a country widow of no substance.

“Let us establish your position at once, shall we?” he asked, and all the insolence was back in his voice. “You have begged me, and old Lady Bowser, who should know better, has begged me to sponsor you in the ton. For reasons beyond your comprehension,” he said nastily, and waited for a protest that did not come, then went on. “I have decided to superintend this otherwise doomed venture. But I warn you: At the first sign of recalcitrance, at even a hint of disobedience to my instructions. I shall walk away from this—this farce! Understand?”

For a bare second there was an expression on the dainty face that startled the earl, and then it was gone and a sweet smile warmed Lady Floss’s expression.

“So good of you,” she murmured conventionally.

The earl was pleased to award her with a condescending smile. “You begin to learn your role,” he said with maddening complacence. “Now. First I shall inspect your niece if she is available. Next, both of your wardrobes to make sure you will not disgrace me in the ton. And after that—” He paused, for the first time in this disastrous interview enjoying himself. “After that, my dear Lady Dearborn, I shall quiz you both upon your background and accomplishments so that I may evaluate your possibilities as ornaments of the beau monde.”

As he stared at the pretty face, noting the softly shadowed lids lowered over too-revealing eyes, Lord Glendon chuckled. This might be a welcome diversion in a very boring season. It would certainly prove a facer for Mama! If he played his cards right, she might even take such a dislike to his sponsorship of the two females that she would retire to Glendon Hall and leave him in peace!

The earl shook his head. No such luck! The countess would probably stay just to spite him and make his task more difficult. Well, he would have to see. The project, with its all-too-obvious problems, would certainly make the Season interesting. And in the meantime, he had a decided urge to discover all the secrets of the provocative little widow.

“Lady Dearborn—” he began in a voice of indulgent authority.

The sweetly shadowed lids lifted sharply at his tone, and he faced a very challenging stare. Good! Fireworks!

At this moment the door to the hallway swung open and the tallest woman the earl had ever seen came into the room. Totally ignoring the man, she ran over to envelop Lady Floss in an exuberant embrace. “Dearest Aunt Floss,” the girl crooned in a voice of pure music, “I am fully of joy! The concert was superb! Why have we never had such beauty in our lives?”

Lady Floss smiled appreciatively at the younger woman’s delight. “I am so happy you enjoyed the music,” she said. “And now you must meet our kind sponsor, Clea. Milord, may I present Miss Cleanthe Bradford, niece of Sir George Dearborn? Clea, this is Michael, Earl of Glendon, who has most graciously offered to present us to society.”

The girl straightened up, almost at eye level with Lord Glendon. Beneath the surprisingly becoming gown was a figure too tall for alamodality, albeit softly rounded. But the chief surprise was the crown of silver-gilt hair, lustrous, almost white, which gave the youthful figure an almost regal air. His thoughts already busy with the stimulating challenge of forcing there two unlikely females on the ton. Lord Glendon was astonished to hear a wail of rejection issuing from the girl’s deliciously rosy lips.

“Oh, no!” cried the young Amazon. “He must not!”





Chapter 6



When the earl, somewhat placated but still suspicious, had taken his reluctant leave, Lady Floss turned to confront the rueful but stubborn Clea. There were no recriminations; that was not Floss’s way. Instead she had that distant, solemn expression that terrified the younger woman.

“You are not planning something with that arrogant, supercilious, complacent man, are you, Aunt Floss? I really could not endure it,” Clea ended in a wail. “Just when I was beginning to have such a truly wonderful time in London!”

Lady Floss was wearing a little smile that Clea found more alarming than the “planning” look. “Lord Glendon has most graciously offered, at the suggestion of Lady Bowser, to take us to a dinner party she is giving in two days. In our honor,” she added, stopping the objections she knew were about to come. “Now, we cannot go against so much gracious kindness, dear Clea, can we?”

“Gracious!” mocked the girl, putting her hands up to release her mane of shining hair from its confining pins and snood. “What I wish to know,” she muttered, “Is just what sort of scheme you two have hatched.”

Lady Floss’s smile widened. “ ‘We two’ have hatched nothing, my dear. In fact, if the good Michael even guessed what is in my mind, he would be fleeing for his life.”

Clea groaned. “I knew it! You have some dreadful plan afoot that will lead to disaster and embarrass everyone!”

The smile became a giggle. “Dearest niece, you do not trust your elderly aunt—”

“You are right,” Clea agreed morosely. “But I have a strong feeling that I am going to go along with another of your absurd schemes.” She sighed. “You had better tell all.”

Her wide blue eyes sparkling, Lady Floss pulled Clea onto the sofa beside her and, keeping a firm grip upon the girl’s hand, began to talk.

“The Earl of Glendon received a charming note from old Lady Bowser, who seems to have been a friend to every titled person in the south of England.”

“Friend?” asked Clea skeptically. “Or puppet master?”

Floss’s pretty laugh bubbled up. “Do not be so suspicious, I beg you. It will quite spoil your complexion.”

At Clea’s stare of frank disbelief, the laugh gurgled again, and Lady Floss said lightly, “Oh, your expression, then. You’ll get frown folds . . . or something.”

When Clea made no response to this, merely frowning more deeply, Floss sighed and continued. “If she wished to do so, Lady Bowser could be the undisputed queen of the ton—but she has never sought to occupy that position. But when she makes a request of a member of the beau monde, it is usually heeded.” She waved the small note at Clea. “Lady Bowser asks the earl to bring us to her small dinner party, but it is, in effect, a royal command.”

“You are saying that the earl did not wish to squire us to this command dinner?” muttered Clea.

Lady Floss’s small face took on a remarkably shrewd expression. “No,” she countered slowly. “I might have expected insolence or even cold refusal from so self-assured a male creature, but he surprised me.”

Clea looked at her petite aunt with interest and speculation. “You are telling me he wanted to squire us? Two country nobodies?”

“I think the earl has reasons for wishing to please Lady Bowser that we do not know about,” she admitted slowly. “I had the feeling he was rather . . . anticipating the experience.”

Clea uttered a crow of delight. “He has fallen into your trap, dear Aunt!” she gloated. “You have made your first conquest!”

The rather forlorn little grimace that crossed her aunt’s face surprised Clea.

“No, child, the elegant earl would have no time, under ordinary circumstances, for a country bumpkin like me. I think he has some private plan to implement. I wish I knew what it was. He was rather insolent.”

“We shall ignore him,” Clea advised stoutly. “Refuse to receive him if he calls again.”

“Oh, he’s going to call again,” promised Floss. “He expressed the wish to inspect our dresses—to make sure we are presentable for the dinner party,” she explained, catching the look of outrage on the younger woman’s face.

“Indeed!” Clea seethed. “And what if we do not approve of his costume? I thought he had a rather casual air about him, considering he was calling upon two ladies!”

Floss giggled again. “Fustian, Clea! You know he was point device, a top-o’-the-trees dandy! You are cross because he demands to scrutinize our gowns.”

“I am annoyed because this insolent nobleman has the effrontery to suggest that he has any right to pass judgment upon anything we may do, or think, or wear!”

Floss’s grin was gamine. “He did say he would interview us after he had approved of our costumes. To make sure we would be suitable ornaments of the ton.”

The younger woman stared in furious disbelief. “I shall show that arrogant male just how ornamental I can be,” she promised rashly.

Lady Floss observed the heightened color in the girl’s cheeks, the flash of her glorious eyes, the angry pout of the red lips, and was satisfied. As long as the dear child was sustained by such a powerful emotion, she would not have time to be fearful of her own right to take a place in the ton.

She smiled gently. “And now shall we choose dinner dresses that will prove to our escort our fitness to attend Lady Bowser’s dinner party?” she teased. “You know how I love trying on pretty gowns!” Privately she decided that she would steal Madame Renée from Jean-Paul for the next few days—just to make sure that the ladies presented his creations in all their proper glory, of course!

As Clea turned to enter the hotel bedroom, Lady Floss remembered another important reason to behave prettily for their arrogant sponsor.

“You must be your most appealing, my child,” she announced merrily. “The earl has agreed to help us find a small house to act as our pied-á-terre for the Season”

A groan was Clea’s only answer.





Chapter 7



Lord Ranulf was having unexpected difficulties. He had thought that with the practiced skills in research of Lawyer Trevelyan there would be no problem in locating a country noblewoman and her hanger-on companion, especially since neither one of them had any desire to conceal herself. It was rather the contrary, thought the marauding Viking, with growing resentment. Cause problems, would they? He’d show them what problems really were! By the time Lord Ranulf Vanir Malyon had finished with the greedy widow and her confederate, they would be grateful for the opportunity to slink back to—

And there milord was forced to pause in his outburst. Where would the creatures slink back to? The widow had relinquished all rights to any part of her dead husband’s estate. Even the Dower House. So where would they go?

With a shrug, Lord Ranulf dismissed their plight. He would be better employed in applying himself to finding the females. Where they disappeared to, after he had punished them, was really no concern of his.

Several days later, a reluctant Trevelyan, who really had no experience in locating traveling widows, and who was, moreover, a little annoyed at being asked to pursue so unprofessional a task, was able to give his client the name of the good, quiet hotel where the lady might be found.

Wily enough to choose an unexceptionable one, Lord Ranulf admitted, pleased that his quarry was showing good sense in her campaign. His lordship disdained an unworthy opponent. Thanking the grumpy Trevelyan, he hastened away to the widow’s lair.

Only to discover, to his chagrin, that the wily widow had given him the slip again! She had departed the hotel that very morning in the company of a well-known nobleman of impeccable lineage, great wealth, and sophisticated tastes!

This undeniable facer served to enrage the Viking further. He was forced to accept, however, that the female was no ordinary antagonist. Less than two weeks in town, and she had snared a reputable member of the aristocracy! Of course it was obvious that the man had made her his belle amie and carried her off to some small, cozy, and probably very elegant house where he would be free to visit her at his convenience. Lord Ranulf set his mouth against the scorn that rose in his lips. What else had he expected? The ease with which such a negligible female seemed to accomplish her nefarious designs had roused in the big man a remarkable hunger to bring her to her just deserts.

Quite grimly, and without calling upon Trevelyan’s servants, Lord Ranulf set out to run the trickster to earth. And this time, he promised himself grimly, not even the protection of her man-about-town shall save her!

He did not stop to consider why he had built up such a need for revenge against his cousin’s treacherous wife. He only knew that he had not felt such a surge of excitement, such a desire to accomplish a purpose, since he had been a green boy. Milord’s feral grin was very much in place as he pursued his goal.

And such is the power of money, and the force of a strong man’s grim determination, that he reached his goal on the second day. It was in the afternoon, as a matter of fact, when Lady Floss, naturally a little fatigued by her elaborate preparations, had gone down to lie down upon her bed in the small, quietly elegant town house she had rented with her own funds—in spite of the earl’s generous offer to assist her if necessary.

That bewildered man had been forced to admit that Lady Floss and Miss Clea Bradford were two females whose like had not come within his ken until now. Politely but firmly refusing any monetary assistance, Floss had graciously accepted his butler Ames’s inspired suggestion that Lady Dearborn might wish to rent the vacant town house of one of Glendon’s friends who was currently touring the Continent.

Well pleased at the modish yet comfortable small residence, the two ladies lost no time in having their belongings transferred to the home that was to be theirs for the three months left of the Season.

The earl admitted to a certain unwelcome sense of confusion. Neither of his enforced protégées was acting as he had expected. Their refusal to accept monetary aid did not really surprise him. It was evident that neither lady had the town bronze to understand that gentlemen sometimes assisted ladies who interested them. The one thing that had his eyebrows lifting was the real elegance and suitability of their wardrobes. The girl was unique, of course. He had no doubt his mama and her ilk would destroy the unfeminine creature unless some very powerful male in the ton decided to protect her before they got their claws in.

Somehow this easy solution to her problem did not please the earl. She was, after all, Sir George’s niece, and well born enough to merit a better fate than to be a nobleman’s objet d’art. Still, it was plain to the earl that no man in his right mind would betroth himself to so unusual and out-of-the-mode female. And if the betrothal of Miss Cleanthe was the primary object of this absurd descent upon the beau monde, as Lady Floss had given him to understand, then the two ladies were destined for a great disappointment—at the very least.

A little wearily, the earl wondered why he was bothering to consider the fate of two women whom he had never thought of before in his life. He was forced to admit that he did care, however, and that, surprisingly, he was going to try very hard to ensure that the maddeningly provocative, pretty, little Lady Floss was neither humiliated nor disappointed. He owed that much to his old friends the Greys.

Feeling perversely cheerful, Lord Glendon went to his club to spread the word, very discreetly, of two new and quite unusual beauties who were to be introduced to society at Lady Bowser’s home very shortly.

After the earl had left, Floss experienced an odd sense of loneliness and decided very sensibly to retire to her bedchamber for a rest. She had conceived a scheme that might, if successful, establish her dear Clea in the comfortable care of a man who would value her unusual charms, but she realized that she had undertaken a very demanding program. Frowning slightly, Floss paused by the door of the small book room, advising Clea, whom she found reading one of the volumes, to put it down before she made her eyes red.

Clea agreed docilely but as soon as Floss left, she promptly resumed reading the stirring romance she had found.

It was upon this scene that the trembling young housemaid, newly hired by Ames to serve the widow, announced a very formidable gentleman.

“Lord Ranulf Malyon, ma’am!” whispered the girl, and vanished.

“So we meet at last, Lady Dearborn,” challenged the nobleman in a voice like cold steel.

Clea glanced up, perceived the giant advancing upon her, became aware of his blatant menace, and flew to the protection of dear little Floss—all in a flashing moment.

“Malyon,” she drawled scornfully. “The heir who refused to attend Lord Dearborn’s funeral. You are a little late in paying your respects to his widow, are you not?”

The enormous fellow had halted near her, his dark blue eyes flashing with anger—and surprise. Meeting that challenging glare, Clea rose automatically to her feet. Could he have mistaken her for her aunt? Could she possibly pass for Lady Floss long enough to get him out of the house? The girl’s chin lifted in an unmistakable gesture of defiance.

Again the man’s eyes widened slightly as he realized that the despised female was at least six feet in height. How she must have towered over the heavy-set Sir George, Ranulf thought with a sneer. A comical pair! Yet there was nothing comical or craven in the wide, golden stare to which he was being subjected. His antagonist took up the attack before he had time to untangle his wary gaze from those blazing golden eyes.

“So, Malyon, you have tracked Lady Dearborn down. It is unfortunate that I must cut short this visit of sympathy. I am to attend a dinner at the home of Lady Bowser this evening.”

That should show the uncouth giant that Lady Dearborn was welcome in the best society!

Unfortunately for her, her comment had the opposite effect. With a smile that was more of a sneer, Lord Ranulf launched his own attack.

“Does this Lady Bowser know that her guest is being—sponsored—at the moment by a well-known nobleman? Perhaps someone should tell her before she is made a fool of in front of all London. Glendon’s mistresses do not usually flaunt themselves in respectable houses!”

He was savagely pleased to observe that the color had fled from the woman’s face. That got to her, he thought. Let her flash those wide, innocent-seeming eyes at someone who did not know her for the wretched contriver who had so cold-bloodedly exploited George Dearborn. Lord Ranulf advanced another step toward the white-faced young woman and favored her with his wide, wolfish smile.

“Let me advise you to guard your back, Madame Widow,” he said softly. “I have decided to make sure that you receive everything that is your due for your callous behavior to my cousin.”

Then, with a mocking bow, he turned and strode from the room, a huge, powerful figure whose golden hair shone brightly under the newly lighted chandeliers of the little entrance hall.

Clea stood with one hand clenched against her breast, her eyes fixed on the doorway. Slowly her color returned, and her expression hardened.

“I shall not permit you to hurt Aunt Floss with your evil tongue,” she promised grimly. “I shall find a way to stop you, Malyon!”





Chapter 8



Clea could not decide whether or not to tell Aunt Floss about the unpleasant visit of Lord Ranulf. On the one hand, it might frighten her to know that she had so determined an enemy. On the other hand, it would allow her to take measure to defend herself. After considerable thought, Clea resolved that Floss should be warned, for her own protection, of the ugly threats the heir had made. Perhaps it was some advantage, Clea consoled herself, that the wicked Malyon had mistaken her for her aunt. At least little Floss had the safety of being unknown to her ill-wisher!

Clea frowned. Why had the handsome giant been so angry with Lady Dearborn? Aunt Floss had denied ever meeting him, so it could not be anything of a personal nature. Was Malyon a high-stickler who found Lady Floss’s open, cheerful manner offensive to his stuffy code of behavior? At once Clea set her jaw in a stubborn line. Floss’s years as the wife of George Dearborn had brought her more than enough unhappiness! It was the duty of those who loved the little widow to make sure that she receive no further punishment. If there was anything that had happened during the marriage that had set the heir against George Dearborn’s wife, Clea promised herself that she would get to the bottom of the mystery as soon as possible. She might even set up an attack of her own! Lord Ranulf had frightened her more than she was willing to admit. He was so big—so ruthless—so beautiful!

The girl gasped with dismay. What had gotten into her to call that marauder beautiful? She hurried up the stairs into the small but pretty room where her aunt was still conscientiously resting upon her bed.

Lady Floss glanced up at Clea with sparkling eyes.

“So you have finally decided to abandon romantic novels for the real world!” she teased. “Come and we shall decide upon our costumes for tonight!”

Then something about the girl’s pale face alerted Floss to danger. “What is wrong? Tell me!” she said quietly.

It did not occur to Clea to lie. “Lord Ranulf Malyon has just paid us a call,” she began.

“Oh?” Floss considered this information. “I have changed my mind about that young man,” she said slowly. “I must admit I had intended him for you, dearest Clea; and I was—justifiably, I think—annoyed when he refused to come to the funeral or even to call upon us during our year of mourning . . . for how could he offer for you if he didn’t know you existed?”

“Floss!” Clea interrupted. “You weren’t trying to fob me off on that horrid, arrogant, vicious creature, were you?”

“Vicious?” repeated Floss, looking suddenly much more alert. Then she went on placatingly, “Well, that was before we had met him,” she apologized. “Of course, I haven’t actually met him yet, have I? Was he such a horrid, arrogant, vicious monster?” Her fine eyes sparkled with curiosity.

“You would hate him,” Clea assured her, unsmiling. “He came to tell me that he was going to ruin my reputation in the ton because I had behaved so badly to Uncle George.”

Floss’s pretty little face was a study in confusion. “Uncle George? But what had you done to hurt him? I should think the shoe was on a horse of a different color, or whatever that saying is!” She paused, frowning. “Is Lord Ranulf mentally deranged, do you think?”

Clea, amused as ever at her aunt’s quick change of the subject, said gently, “Aunt Floss, he thought I was you. He presumed that he was addressing Lady Dearborn.”

“But that is silly! I can say with confidence that I never once behaved badly to your uncle . . . except perhaps that time I, ah, borrowed the roof money to buy you a decent riding habit. I knew you would appear to advantage in it, and you did! Even George noticed how well you looked. You were like a young Dulcinea! Or do I mean Diana? I can never get those Greeks straight! The goddess of the hunt, anyway.”

Clea’s worried expression softened. “It was the only time Uncle George ever commented kindly upon my appearance,” she recalled. “He said I looked bang up to the mark—or something equally flattering!”

Diverted as easily as usual, Floss chuckled. “George had fewer social graces than any human being I have ever encountered,” she admitted, and then went on with a puzzled expression. “But I cannot for the life of me see why his nasty heir resents me for Dearborn’s insensitivity and neglect.”

It was the first time Clea had ever heard her aunt admit that her marriage had been in any way lacking in tenderness or loving concern. The few rather gently spoken words conjured up in Clea’s memory a picture of the miserable days and weeks and months during which she had been forced to observe the utter callousness of Dearborn’s neglect of his pretty little wife. Much moved, she came over to the bed and threw her arms around the little widow in a warm hug.

“Dearest Floss! Let us dress ourselves in our finest new robes tonight and celebrate our freedom! And confusion to all our enemies!”

Gurgling with pleasure, Floss threw herself at once into the congenial task of preparing for their dinner at the home of Lady Bowser. Ringing for their new dresser, Martha, Lady Floss demanded to know whether Madame Renée had arrived yet to help them make ready. On being informed that the Frenchwoman had been waiting this half hour for their summons, Floss gave the order to begin.

Two frantic hours later, Madame Renée and Martha, exhausted but triumphant, stood back and permitted the ladies to see what had been done. Floss and Clea walked over to stand in front of the full-length mirror in their shared dressing room. Clea stared and stared again. She had never seen Floss appear so lovely; the pale blue silk bergére she wore over rose satin and ecru lace made her look like a small Dresden figurine, exquisite and beautiful. But Clea had expected that Aunt Floss would be beautiful. What really startled her was the queenly figure that loomed like a goddess above the little shepherdess. Could that radiant girl be the grotesquely gawky figure of fun that had amused the county gossips for four years? Because of the haste in which they had been forced to act during the past week to get ready for Lady Bowser’s dinner party, Clea had not until this moment seen herself in the full glory of new costume, new coiffure, and new maquillage all at once. She drew in a wondering breath and looked beyond the image in the mirror to make sure that it was herself she was observing, and not some visitor from Mount Olympus.

A pleased laugh from her aunt brought her back to reality.

“He did us very well, that French cousin of the hotel chef,” she said, preening before the mirror. “Please tell him, Madame Renée how pleased we both are.”

“It is not I,” said Clea shakily. “It can’t be!”

Floss laughed again, gleefully. “It is you, all right,” she said, nodding, “just as I always knew you could be. I can’t wait for them all to see you!” She glanced at the dazzled girl shrewdly. “I only wish Lord Ranulf was to be there tonight! You would really give that arrogant bully something to think about!”

Recalling that wide white pirate’s smile, Clea could only be happy that the huge Viking would never have been invited to one of Lady Bowser’s private dinners. Suppressing an involuntary shiver, she turned to Madame Renée.

“You did not wish to powder my hair, madame?”

“It would be a crime to hide it,” the woman said softly.

“It seems to go so well with her gown,” added Floss happily. “Cleanthe is like a statue brought to life!”

A little worried, the Frenchwoman agreed. Did she know what she was getting into, this little ladyship? She and her young protégée might easily be destroyed tonight. Should she warn them?

Madame Renée sighed. She should not, but she must.

“Milady, may I be permitted to offer a suggestion? Strictly entre nous?” she finished very softly.

Lady Floss caught the urgency of the whispered request. “Clea, will you make sure Tom Coachman knows we wish to leave in half an hour? And perhaps Debbie will get us a cup of tea before we set out?”

When Clea had gone off to speak to the little maid, Lady Floss looked at the Frenchwoman. “What did you wish to tell me?” she asked.

Madame Renée lost no time in explaining her fears, concluding, “So you see, milady, while you are beautiful and your ward is épatante—striking!—you will both find yourselves the center of a great deal of curiosity, not all of it kindly, perhaps. I wish only to warn you to think twice about presenting so . . . unusual a protégée. If the swells should take it into their heads to laugh at her, her future will end tonight!”

“And why should these swells laugh at my Clea?’ demanded Lady Floss fiercely.

The Frenchwoman shrugged. “Her size. Her strange, beautiful white-gold hair. And the very unmodish garments that Jean-Paul has made for her. Oh, I know they fit her and make her look like something out of an old fable!” Madame Renée stopped the other woman’s protests. “But you must admit that she doesn’t look much like you, milady! And you are très éleganté and very much à la mode!”

Lady Floss hardly appreciated the compliment from the very knowledgeable Madame Renée, so loudly in her ears and mind echoed the Frenchwoman’s dire warning: If the swells should take it into their heads to laugh at her, her future will end tonight!

Was it possible? Had she placed her dear Clea in a situation so charged with the threat of pain? Drawing a shaking breath, Lady Floss forced herself to take a searching, honest look at the realities. Yes, Clea was not the usual pretty little debutante. No, she had no powerful or even socially acceptable family to give her consequence or support. No, she had no large dowry to render her attractive to a man of good family but straitened means. But oh, she was a darling girl! The man who might someday call this splendid creature his own would have love, steadfast support through all vicissitudes, tenderness, and yes, passion. Floss knew Clea’s worth, her strength under fire, and her warm heart—none better! Lady Floss twisted her small hands together in indecision.

Had she, in her overweening desire to repay the girl for so many years of devotion, placed her in a position that could only result in humiliation and hurt? Was the Frenchwoman correct in assuming that the modish fribbles of the ton would find dear Clea a figure of fun?

Lady Floss set her small jaw. Strong measures were called for, and immediately! She bent toward the Frenchwoman in a mime of sharing momentous information.

“Madame Renée, since you have demonstrated true concern for my protégée, I shall share a pleasant secret with you. Miss Cleanthe Bradford is to be married, very soon, to a nobleman of unimpeachable elegance and great wealth!”

The Frenchwoman’s eyes rounded and then began to sparkle with pleasure at the alluring prospect.

“Ma foi! But this is news of the best, milady! If she is to be wed to such a one, surely no vicious tongue will dare to hiss against her!”

Admiring such Gallic eloquence, Floss nodded happily. But the other lady, a dedicated gossip, was not yet satisfied.

“Can you tell me who is the fortunate nobleman?” she asked eagerly.

Floss told herself afterward that she had not really had time to think of all the consequences before she uttered the fateful words. “Why, it is the Earl of Glendon” tripped off her tongue, and before she could catch herself, she had added, “Lord Glendon.”

Appalled at her own deceit and daring, Floss hardly heard the Frenchwoman’s earnest assurances that the precious information should never pass her lips. Both women knew that the assurances were meaningless; both were aware that Lady Floss intended her confidence to be spread with all speed throughout the beau monde. And then the woman was gone—hurrying, Floss knew, to announce the startling development. And Clea was walking into the room, a tentative smile on her rosy lips, a look of surprise in her huge, innocent eyes.

“Madame Renée seemed in rather a hurry to make her adieux.” She chuckled. “Did you send her away with a flea in her ear, Aunt Floss?”

But the crushing importance and danger of her hastily spoken words by now had penetrated even Floss Dearborn’s cheerfully optimistic attitude. What if Lord Glendon rejected the announcement out of hand—as, indeed, he had every right to do! What if he were already engaged to someone else, some tender and lovely maiden whose heart would, of course, be broken when she heard the devastating rumor? Of course he would repudiate as a foul canard the very suggestion of an alliance with Miss Cleanthe Bradford! And then Cleanthe’s heart would be broken!

Lady Floss raised a ravaged countenance to Clea’s alarmed inspection.

“Oh, my dearest girl! I have ruined you, but I did it for the best possible motives!” She sobbed and threw herself into Clea’s arms.





Chapter 9



When the two women entered the stately entrance hall of Lady Bowser’s town house half an hour later, it would have taken a very keen eye to detect that both ladies were on the very edge of panic. A hasty confession by Floss to her stunned niece had been followed by a surprisingly gallant response.

“We shall just have to brazen it out, Aunt Floss,” Clea had said when she finally collected her wits and her voice. “It was more than kind of Lady Bowser to invite us to her home, and we must do nothing to disturb her or to cause her unhappiness. Surely the . . . word will not have had time to percolate through society yet? I mean, how could Madame Renée have gotten ahead of us to Bowser House, even if she had had a carriage waiting to take her there? Which, of course, she would not have done,” she ended rather uncertainly.

Lady Floss shook her beautifully coiffed head in sorrow at such ignorance. “Gossip does not need a carriage,” she corrected. “It seems to float through the air and suddenly everyone knows it. I think it is the servants,” she concluded with what Clea felt to be complete irrationality. However, since this digressive aspect of her dear aunt’s mind was quite familiar to her, Clea wasted no time in discussion.

“Our business now is to decide upon a plan of action,” she stated, sinking back into the comfortable, if worn, squabs of the rented carriage. “We have about fifteen minutes, I should think.”

But Floss’s volatile mind, never long at a loss for a resolution of any problem, had already presented her with a workable ploy. She smiled roguishly at her worried-looking niece. “I shall buttonhole Lord Glendon before dinner—as soon as we enter the drawing room, in fact—tell him the whole story, and suggest that he permit the rumor to circulate until you are firmly established in the ton. And then you may allow the word to get out that you are dissolving the engagement by mutual consent.”

Clea regarded the complacent little smile on Floss’s countenance with exasperation. “How could you, Aunt Floss? The poor man will be furious—and rightly so!—to be the target of such outrageous speculation and critical comments as must come his way. Why, the fellow hardly knows us—me!” To be suddenly pitchforked into an ‘engagement’ with a country nobody, and such a gawk as I am, without being given the courtesy of an opportunity to agree or disagree! I know the arrogant creature will loathe even the suggestion that he might be linked with either of us! It is a preposterous scheme, Floss, even for you!”

She caught the odd little flash of temper with which her aunt greeted this unflattering, if true, assessment. It was not like Floss to show anger, but this was, admittedly, not an everyday situation. The pretty little countenance assumed an unfamiliar, toplofty expression that would have set Clea to chuckling in happier circumstances, then Lady Floss said with unaccustomed hauteur, “Cleanthe, you will permit me to know what is best to do in this matter. I shall handle it myself.”

Clea had felt a decided sinking in the tone of her mind, and would possibly have continued the battle, if the carriage had not drawn up before a well-lighted entrance at the very moment. A footman ran forward across a strip of carpet to open the door for the ladies and to escort them carefully to the wide-open portals of the Bowser town house. And there, awaiting them at the head of a charmingly curved staircase, was their hostess, an older lady of formidable presence whose person was draped with more diamonds that Clea had ever seen in her life.

Clea could only admire the presence of mind with which Lady Floss greeted their imposing hostess. In fact, she thought, Floss was speaking to the redoubtable female as though they had been bosom bows from their cradles.

Sketching a pretty curtsy, Floss said, low voiced, “It was most gracious of you to include us in your dinner party, Lady Bowser, especially since it is absolutely essential that I speak to one of your other guests without a moment’s loss of time! A life-and-death matter, I assure you, dear madame! Oh, this is my niece, Miss Cleanthe Bradford. She also wishes to thank you.”

Lady Bowser’s eyebrows lifted almost to the line of her neatly powdered hair, and her large, rather cold gray eyes scanned first Lady Floss and then Clea with maddening deliberation. The girl was steeling herself for a disastrous putdown when, to her surprise, a reluctant tic tugged at the corners of the firm, rather thin lips of their hostess.

“This may prove more interesting than the usual courtesy dinner party,” she said. “Which of my guests is involved in the life-and-death matter of which you speak?”

Floss scanned the small gathering of modishly appareled men and women who stood about the gracious drawing room chatting animatedly. Fortunately, almost the first figure her eyes lighted upon was the commanding person of the earl. Lady Floss offered a bright smile to her hostess and said ingenuously, “Dear Lady Bowser, it is Lord Glendon whom I must speak to, and at once, if you will forgive me?” Then she moved gracefully across the room, weaving in and out among the groups with only her charming smile as an apology. Lady Bowser stared after her wonderingly.

“An interesting little creature,” she uttered after a moment.

Clea’s shoulders relaxed. “Aunt Floss is a darling, really, Lady Bowser! She is just a trifle . . .” Words failed her at the impact of the steel-gray glance.

But her hostess was smiling now. “She is just a trifle something,” she agreed. “I’m not sure quite what, but it should provide me with an interesting dinner party.” Her glance took in the heroic proportions of her guest. “Miss Cleanthe Bradford, I believe? A niece of Lady Dearborn and daughter of Millie Dearborn Bradford? I liked your grandmama very much, Cleanthe. You do not resemble her, my child. Who has given you these noble proportions?”

“You were wise to forsake the current mode for bergéres and underdresses,” her hostess commented drily. “Or else you might have resembled Lady Glendon,” and her glance rested, not too kindly, upon a large, bedizened dowager who was approaching them with curiosity and scorn evident on her face. “Lord Glendon’s mama,” she warned the girl sotto voice.

Clea’s heart sank as she beheld the massive figure sweeping its way in her direction. And then her head, with its regal crown of silver-gilt hair, lifted proudly, and she made her expression as blank as that of the haughtiest member of the beau monde. Under Lady Bowser’s approving eye, she observed the approach of Lady Glendon with apparent aplomb.

Lady Glendon’s first remark left much to be desired in the way of grace. “Who is this giant female, Amy? I have not met her before.” And am not enjoying the experience now, implied her critical, scouring glance.

“This is Miss Cleanthe Bradford, granddaughter of one of my dearest friends,” Lady Bowser said coolly. “She and her aunt, Lady Dearborn, are the guests I am honoring this evening. They have just arrived in London.”

“That’s plain to see,” snapped Lady Glendon with an unpleasant smile. “You’d be well advised to direct them to a good dressmaker, Amy.”

“Did you not know that Cleanthe’s dress is le dernier cri of fashion? What was your couturier’s name, my dear?” Lady Bowser turned to Clea.

“Monsieur Jean-Paul,” Clea was able to reply glibly.

“Never heard of him,” Lady Glendon sniffed.

Clea surprised herself. With a smile that was almost a smirk, she said softly, “Oh, Jean-Paul does not need to tout his skills, ma’am! He has a small but select clientele, which keeps him as busy as he cares to be. His staff is also small and expert, but he himself designs every garment. He believes that the dress should suit the wearer—not some arbitrary decree of custom or passing fashion.”

Both older ladies stared at Clea with fascination. The girl realized that there is no female so sophisticated that she will not listen to a new theory on fashion with interest. Still, Clea judged she had responded to her hostess’s question quite suitably and decided to let well enough alone.

For once in her unpleasant life, Lady Glendon could find nothing to say. Her dislike of the young woman who was Lady Bowser’s guest was plain to see, but she merely sniffed rather rudely and demanded, “Are we not to dine before midnight, Amy? I cannot approve of these new late hours!” Then she wandered off to find some other unfortunate person to bullock.

Lady Bowser and Clea exchanged a small smile of relief.

“You handled that well, Cleanthe,” approved the older woman. “I infer there is a couturier, and that he did design your gown with your figure in mind rather than the latest French quirk?”

“Can you picture me in a costume like Lady Glendon’s?” challenged the girl with a chuckle.

“Frankly, I would rather not picture any female in that overblown absurdity. How poor Glendon puts up with the woman I shall never understand.”

At this, the eyes of both ladies turned to the part of the large room where Lady Floss and Lord Glendon were quietly conversing. “I wonder what she is saying to him,” said Lady Bowser with a smile.

“It might be better if you did not have to know,” said Clea in a tone that brought the older woman’s glance to rest on her guest’s pale face with renewed interest. This was shaping up to be the least boring dinner party she had ever given.

Clea would have been as surprised as Lady Bowser if she had been able to follow the conversation that was taking place in the far corner of the charming drawing room. Floss, realizing the urgency of the situation, had carried off the earl from the two friends with whom he was idly conversing with just the merest word of apology. Since this was accompanied by her most dazzling smile, the gentlemen raised no objections, merely staring after the couple with obvious envy and some amusement.

The earl was not amused.

“What do you think you are doing, you little fool?” he gritted between his teeth, meanwhile maintaining a token smile to disarm the quizzes.

“We have had a disaster—” began Floss, low-voiced.

“Already? I might have known it!” the earl snapped. “Why I ever allowed myself to be drawn into this imbroglio, even marginally—” He paused, appalled at the wicked laughter in Floss’s large blue eyes. How, he wondered, could orbs so innocently open manage to suggest such naughtiness? What in Heaven’s name was the chit up to now? Stifling a groan and with a nervous glance around at the quietly chatting guests, he muttered, “Well, tell me! What have you done now?”

Floss took a deep breath. “I have told the greatest gossip in London that you are betrothed to my niece, Cleanthe,” she said bravely.

“My god!” breathed the earl.

Floss took heart at the obviously benevolent partnership implied. At least he had not damned her for all eternity—a possible reaction! She smiled up at him anxiously, her lovely little face pale. “It is just till the end of the Season,” she urged. “Then you can let it be known that you have both decided you do not exactly suit, and the whole matter can be quietly dropped. . . .”

Floss’s voice faded at the blazing wrath she saw in his eyes.

“Indeed!” the earl’s voice was silky soft and terrifying. “I see you have the whole matter neatly arranged, dear Lady Dearborn! Am I to have any say so at all in this—engagement!—or have you already chosen the church and the bridesmaids?”

“You may end it whenever you wish!” Floss wailed, horrified by his hostility, and turned to flee.

The earl’s large, hard hand darted out and seized her wrist in a grip that punished as much as it restrained. “You will lower your voice, madame,” he hissed, “and paste that guileless little smile back upon your lying lips! I have no wish to furnish an item for every gabble-monger in London to savor!” His brown eyes opened wider, and he whispered fiercely, “Even more of an item than you have already made me, you . . .” Words failed him.

“Idiot?” Floss suggested humbly. “Totty-head?” These were terms she had heard applied to herself by her former husband.

“Bitch!” snapped the earl, unforgivably.

Floss drew her small figure up proudly. “I do not think that is a very courteous thing for you to call me,” she said with a show of bravery. “It does not apply to the situation.”

“You think not?” sneered Lord Glendon. “You are not going to try to convince me that this whole devious ploy was not a well-thought-out scheme to trap me?”

“Oh, no, Lord Glendon! You see, Madame Renée advised me, just an hour or so ago, that my dear Cleanthe could become a figure of fun in the ton—and I could not bear that to happen to her! She has such a trusting heart, gentle and loving—and I forced her to come to London with me so that I could find her a suitable parti, some gentleman who has other ideas in his mind than wenching and attending cockfights and riding to hounds until he is incapable of rational thought!”

Her voice had begun to rise again, and Lord Glendon pinched her wrist firmly. “Quiet!” he warned grimly, but there was a fraction of softening about his hard-set lips.

And then he could no longer resist the little addlepate, and his frown collapsed into a grin. “It is your considered opinion that riding to hounds renders one incapable of rational thought?” he asked, eyes intent on the now flushed little face.

“Yes, that—and the other things,” she explained, low-voiced. “You see, I was married for seven years to a man whose only interests were drinking and riding with the hunt and, ah . . .”

“Wenching and cockfighting?” supplied the earl, now, to his surprise, beginning to enjoy himself. “Especially wenching?”

Lady Floss drew her small figure up to its full height. “It is no laughing matter,” she said soberly. “I could not endure such a —a torment for Cleanthe. I had hoped to find a man of culture and sensitivity who might value her rare and striking beauty as it deserves. And then,” she admitted, “I panicked. I used your name in an unforgivable way.” Her wide unhappy eyes were raised to meet his searching scrutiny, all her hopes and fears evident to his skeptical gaze.

The earl was moved. But he was an experienced and wily campaigner, well aware of the devious devices females could use to secure their desires. The woman seemed honest enough, if hopelessly naïve; yet it could be an elaborate scheme to secure a Prize for her niece. While he considered the matter, his brown eyes dark with distrust, fate, in the person of his mama, cast the deciding vote.

The Countess of Glendon had not been unaware of the very prolonged and earnest tête-à-tête that had engaged her son and the country bumpkins in full view of the gathered guests. While she had nagged and pestered her son for years to eschew his bachelor freedom and accept the connubial bonds, she was far from willing to permit some jumped-up little nobody to assume the name, consequence, and fortune of the Glendons. So, fired with pride and prejudice, the Countess of Glendon moved arrogantly to rout the would-be usurper of her position.

She drew up before the couple with quite a vulgar flourish. “I see you have already managed to buttonhole my son,” she began harshly, her gaze scouring the tiny, dainty figure of Lady Dearborn. “Perhaps I had better warn you that he is already betrothed to another lady—a young lady.” Her voice was harsh enough to secure the attention of nearly every guest in the room.

But for once her son surprised her.

“Mama, Mama!” he breathed, as one regretting a faux pas. “Will you never learn decorum? I am sure it is my place to make such an announcement!” His eyes, harder than most people had ever seen them, were fixed on his mother’s startled countenance. “Still, since you have made the break, and in front of our friends”—his wicked grin told her that whatever shock he was about to administer, it was her own fault—“I suppose I must share my happiness with you all.”

Turning with predatory grace, he extended his hand arrogantly to the stunned Cleanthe. “Miss Cleanthe Bradford—who has just agreed to become my countess! Come here, darling!”





Chapter 10



Of course the story was all over town the following day. Those who had not been present for the earth-shaking announcement—and since it had been a very select dinner party, that meant most of the beau monde—could only marvel and doubt and search frantically for an encounter with someone who had been present in Lady Bowser’s drawing room when that notorious bachelor the Earl of Glendon had informed the assembled guests of his approaching marriage.

Speculation was rife. Who was the girl? Cleanthe Bradford? No one had ever heard of her! A few of Lord Glendon’s cronies boasted that he had mentioned to them, the very afternoon before Lady B.’s party, that two dazzling newcomers were to be introduced that night.

“Glendon’s a sly dog!” said one of his friends, grinning, complacent at his own advance information. “Never breathed a word of his special interest, of course!”

“Probably making sure you didn’t try to cut him out,” grumbled Sir Hilary Bond enviously. “Has anyone seen the female? Who is she?”

“What I should like to know,” said Lord Evert, a rather pompous nobleman said, “is: Who is the other female? Glendon distinctly said two dazzling newcomers.”

“I believe,” Sir Hilary was happy to inform the interested group, “that the second lady’s name is Dearborn. Some older female—a sort of duenna, one supposes.”

In the flurry of laughter and comments that followed that remark, only Sir Hilary noticed the sudden rigid fixity of the glance of a newcomer to the exclusive club. The fellow was a giant and put Sir Hilary much in mind of pictures of Vikings he had seen in his history books at Eton. Since Sir Hilary really had no new information to share with his friends and was loath to admit it, he strolled over to greet the new guest. The fellow had looked as though he knew something about the Dearborn female—and the expression of contempt and anger on his fierce Viking countenance made it possible that he had on-dits to impart, given the proper occasion.

“You are a guest here, I believe?” Sir Hilary began civilly. “May I offer you a drink, sir?”

The Viking seemed quite civilized. He extended one huge hand, raked his interrogator with a pair of steel-cold eyes, and said in a voice that rumbled in his chest, “I am Malyon. Lord Ranulf. I should enjoy a whiskey.”

Sir Hilary was no fool. He was convinced that this Lord Ranulf Malyon had some urgent interest in the girl Lord Glendon had announced to be his bride-to-be. Could there be a contest in progress for the lady? Excited as he had seldom been of late, Sir Hilary set himself with considerable skill to discover the full state of affairs.

Three whiskeys later, he had learned precisely nothing, but realized he had told the newcomer everything he knew or suspected about Lord Glendon’s new fiancée.

“So no one has ever heard of the girl or her sponsor,” the giant mused. “It would seem to me that the earl’s friends should investigate the two women rather carefully.” Meeting Sir Hilary’s raised eyebrows, Lord Ranulf explained in a rather offhand tone, “Surely you are aware that predatory females rush to London to feather their nests? Isn’t the place called the marriage mart?”

Sir Hilary responded a little stiffly. After all, Lord Glendon was his friend, and he really should not permit some wild Norseman from the border to make disparaging remarks. So he said coolly, “The earl wasn’t born yesterday, Malyon! He’s been the target of greedy, fortune-hunting females ever since he came to London.

“And now one of them has caught him!” rumbled the giant, softly mocking. “Ah, well, we all must succumb sooner or later, I suppose. Perhaps the girl has a fortune? Or is she a real diamond?”

Sir Hilary, by now fully aware of the problem, was beginning to wish he knew much more about the woman to whom his friend had s abruptly pledged himself. Had it been love at first sight? Too romantic: quite unlike Lord Glendon. Could it have been a trap, cunningly laid and sprung at the dinner party? With all his masculine fears and doubts fully raised by the attitude of the northern lord, Sir Hilary excused himself rather abruptly and hurried out of the room. He must find the earl and demand to know if his friend was being blackmailed into a disastrous match!

Behind him, Lord Ranulf grinned wickedly at the success of his first attack upon the scheming widow and her fellow conniver.





At this very moment, the earl was waiting upon the two ladies in question. The night had brought counsel, and all of it was so displeasing to the arrogant nobleman that he had arrived at Lady Dearborn’s residence in a fine fury, fully determined to end the farce without a moment’s delay. How could he have allowed the tiny female—a widow, without a trace of town bronze!—to overwhelm so easily his carefully constructed defenses? In ten minutes the little schemer had accomplished something that all the managing mamas of the beau monde had tried and failed to do during the past several years. To say nothing of his own mama and her endless whining campaign to entangle him in the bonds of matrimony with some simpering ingénue of her own choice?

His defiant manhood fully aroused, Lord Glendon stormed into the small, pretty drawing room—and found it empty! He turned fiercely on the hapless maid.

“I sent a groom with a message, over an hour ago, that I wished to speak with your mistress,” he said icily. “You will request her to attend me here, at once, if you please!” He threw in the latter as a sop to les convenances, since the servant was all but gibbering with terror. As he watched her skittering exit, his well-cut lips curled scornfully. All would soon be resolved. A few firm words, a scathing smile perhaps, and those wide, ingenuous blue eyes, so like those of a small, pedigreed kitten, would darken with disappointment. . . . The softly shadowed lids would droop; the incredible dark eyelashes would rest upon soft pink cheeks. . . . The tender mouth would tremble with regret. . . .

With a muttered oath, Lord Glendon snapped himself out of such maudlin maunderings. What was happening to him? He had never felt quite this way about any female in his rather spoiled career in the ton. With added horror, he realized that his truant imagination was dwelling not on the huge girl he had so insanely claimed as his future bride but on her widowed, hitherto unknown, unfashionable, unavailable aunt!

Fighting off a panic as real as experienced by Floss or Clea, the earl tugged heedlessly at his immaculate neckcloth. Every instinct urged flight, but his intelligence warned him that every day, every hour, this disastrous engagement was allowed to stand, the deeper would be the bonds creaked and the more impossible it would be to avoid the marriage. He groaned aloud. How had he been trapped? He was honest enough to accept that his utter revulsion at his mama’s endless efforts to manipulate him had triggered the insane announcement, but how had he ever permitted the hunters to get within killing distance of their prey?

With unwelcome ease, a vision of wide, anxious blue eyes filled his memory.

The earl was no fool. “My God!” He acknowledged the catastrophe. “I’ve been hooked by an elderly widow who doesn’t even want me for herself!”

Elderly? challenged the inner voice of reason. Have you forgotten so soon that soft, flawless, pink skin, the luxurious mass of golden curls, and the delectably curved little figure? The very thought of it sent milord’s blood to racing in a quite uncharacteristic way.

But the widow had not asked him to pretend to be engaged to her, but to George Dearborn’s niece. Frowning, the earl was considering this aspect of the problem when the door opened to reveal Lady Dearborn. And yes, damn it, the eyes were just as wide and anxious and beautiful as he remembered, and the small, worried face just as enchanting. The earl groaned and faced his nemesis. He was snared, trapped, caught, by the daughter of his old friends the Greys!

“Oh, Lord Glendon, what is the matter?” Lady Floss was saying, her eyes on his frowning face. Then a look of understanding saddened her expression, and she said with a little, weary sigh, “Of course. You have come to tell me that our plan—my plan—is quite unacceptable! No, do not seek to soften the blow!” she continued as Lord Glendon tried to speak. “I have discussed the whole business with Clea, and she is sure the situation must be both painful and offensive to you, no matter how splendidly you came to my rescue last evening!” The stunned nobleman was treated to a smile of such dazzling charm that his senses reeled. “You must be the most chivalrous knight-errant in England—in the world!—to come so gallantly to the rescue of two unhappy females!”

Unsure as to whether his acute discomfort arose from being called a knight-errant—for he had been assured a thousand times by his mama that he hadn’t a quixotic bone in his body—or from the look of distress on the sweet face before him. Lord Glendon assembled his wits sufficiently to ask the hostess to sit down while they discussed the problem. His wary glance went to the door that Floss had closed behind her as she entered.

“Your niece is not joining us?”

Floss smiled. “I am afraid she is attending a concert. She has discovered in herself a passion for music that, in George Dearborn’s establishment, was never allowed an opportunity to develop,” she began in a rather stilted manner. Then she broke into a gurgling laugh, which the earl found particularly pleasing. “As a matter of cold fact, nothing was allowed to develop at Dearborn Hall if it did not relate to hunting or one of Sir George’s other favorite pastimes!”

The earl found himself grinning back at the little minx. “It must have been dreadfully boring,” he commiserated.

“On the contrary,” said the minx, “it was a blessing for me that my husband was able to occupy himself so completely with his friends.”

Respect and reluctant amusement joined in the earl’s expression. This was no green girl, for all she looked like every man’s secret dream, tiny and golden and warm and sweet. This little female had spent seven years with a cross brute of a husband, yet neither his brutality nor his neglect seemed to have soured her. George Dearborn was a fool, the earl decided, his eyes intent upon the face turned up so confidingly to his. With a real effort, he brought himself back to the problem at hand. Sitting beside her on a neat sofa, he began quietly, “You do not see that we must make our plans for the rest of the Season and propose to act in such a way that the quizzes will have nothing to gabble about? For my sake, as well as your own,” he added when Lady Floss seemed ready to object.

“But Clea assures me that my scheme will bring nothing but embarrassment to you both,” she ventured.

Since this was exactly what the earl had feared, he was momentarily at a loss for a countering argument. “Does she find my presence so objectionable?” he asked finally, carrying the battle into the widow’s camp.

Lady Floss’s glance of warm admiration did powerful things for milord’s self-esteem. “Of course she is not as foolish,” said Lady Floss stoutly. “It is my absurd idea that the engagement would protect her from the cruel tongues of the ton, which disturb my niece.” Floss held his eyes with her own anxious gaze. “We must be honest with each other, milord,” she said quietly. “I have been told, on good authority, that Cleanthe’s queenly build and beautiful hair are so far out of the mode as to render her completely ineligible to society. And yet it has always been my dream, since she came to Dearborn Hall as a child, that I might find someone worthy of her warm and generous nature, some man who could appreciate all that she is—and could be!”

“And you decided I might be that man?” asked the earl.

Lady Floss frowned. “It was nothing so deliberate, milord. In my distress at the thought of everyone laughing at dear Clea, I grasped at whatever opportunity seemed to offer—” She hesitated.

“Which was me,” agreed his lordship soberly.

Floss stared at the handsome, arrogant face above her. “I was a fool, milord. You might as well say it. It embroiled you in our affairs, forced you into a position in which a gentleman had no recourse but to act as you did . . . I cannot understand my cowardice—or your benevolence!”

Since this was exactly what Lord Glendon had been telling himself during most of the night just passed, he could not find any glib answers to counteract Lady Floss’s arguments. With a forgiving smile that would have shocked his associates, Lord Glendon said softly, “But that is why we must think very hard now, Floss, and come up with a sensible scheme that will suit all of us.”

“You are so good, so very kind!” breathed the little witch devoutly. She did not remark on his use of her nickname.

Lord Glendon’s heart swelled at her appreciation of his true worth. Surely this little charmer was a woman of real intelligence to have summed up his character so clearly! He inhaled deeply and took her small hand in his own large warm one.

“Now, dear Lady Floss, what shall we do to resolve our problem?”

Half an hour later they still had not solved the problem, but found themselves in remarkable accord on every subject they discussed. The entrance of Clea, in a sweeping cape of sherry brown with a matching hood, turned their admittedly straying thoughts back to the primary issue. When the greetings and courtesies had been exchanged, Clea divested herself of her cape and sat down across from the two on the sofa.

The earl regarded her with more charity than he had yet felt. Something about Floss’s concern for the big young woman had apparently gotten through to his lordship.

“You are a striking figure,” he mused. “That hair is remarkable.”

“Thank you,” said Clea doubtfully.

The earl laughed. “Oh, yes, I was paying you a compliment! No need to bristle.”

Clea sighed. “I realize that, Lord Glendon. It is just that I have so little confidence in myself. . . .”

By the end of this season, dear child, you will be full of confidence,” promised Floss rashly. “Two months of being the chosen of Lord Glendon?”

“There are two things wrong with that last statement, Aunt Floss,” said Clea firmly. “Whatever you may flummox the members of the ton into believing, we shall know that his lordship did not choose me. You foisted me upon him, and he was gracious enough to save our faces last night. But it will not fadge, Floss. It’s too easily seen that it is an unequal match.”

Floss looked up at Lord Glendon. Ignoring both the look and Clara’s statement, the man said quietly, “That’s one point. What’s your second?”

“As I understand Aunt Floss’s generous plan, it was to bring me to London to arrange a suitable match for me. To secure for me a safe and comfortable future.” She waited for Floss’s nod of agreement. “But so long as the gentlemen believe me to be affianced to Lord Glendon, which of them would think of offering for me?”

It was a facer, and, by the looks on their faces, Clea realized that the idea had not occurred to either of them. The earl was the first to recover. With a nod of respect, he said, “Granted, Miss Cleanthe; you have a point. Have you also as sensible a solution to our problem?”

“I have several,” admitted Clea. “As to their worth, I am sure you can advise me.” There was a tiny bit in the comment, and Lord Glendon’s slightly narrowed gaze showed that he had caught it.

Lady Floss was looking lost and apprehensive. Michael felt a surge of warm protectiveness for the little widow that was quite unlike any emotion he had ever experienced. Certainly he had never been aware of such a powerful need to defend his own bitter, selfish mama, and he had been able to dismiss any appeal from women of his own class as easily as he had dealt with his ladybirds. So why now, with this little country nobody? Sternly, the nobleman brought himself back to the business at hand. “Tell me your ideas,” he ordered Clea.

The girl drew a deep breath. “Well, first, I thought that my aunt and I should get out of London. Quickly and quietly.”

“Thus causing a nine days’ wonder and leaving me open to the mockery of the ton as a jilted suitor,” the earl commented crisply. “Excellent.”

Clea flung him a glance of deep annoyance and resentment. “I said that was my first thought,” she protested.

The earl uttered an elaborate sigh. He was beginning to enjoy baiting the huge girl, whose eyes, when she stood beside him, looked directly into his own. He had an idea that when she gained confidence, she might prove a worthy antagonist. “I suppose,” he said with relish, “we must go through all your subsequent, ineligible ideas in the hope that some small grain of wisdom may lurk among the chaff.”

He now had the complete attention of both ladies. The earl chuckled at the duet of affronted glares. “That’s brought you both out of the dismals, I see! Remember, ladies, I have been trained in a hard school. There is nothing I do not know about female quirks, quiddities, and sullen ill-humors!”

Since Clea and Floss had met his mama, they were forced to accept his somewhat derogatory opinion of female behavior. In Clea, at least, it spurred a desire to show him just how calm, gracious, and cooperative a woman could be.

“My second plan”—her tone was so sugar-sweet that Floss’s eyebrows rose—“was that we remain in London and pursue a quiet and modest program of cultural activities, thus gradually convincing the ton that I am really dull, boring, and unworthy of the earl’s notice. At which point, Lord Glendon, you could announce that the . . . arrangement had been terminated by mutual agreement.”

The earl smiled pityingly. “Tell your niece,” he begged Lady Floss, “just how few of our young bucks would find a blue-stocking tempting!” His voice hardened. “Cultural activities, indeed? I cannot deny that picking up one of Glendon’s discards might appeal to some of our roués, but it would not be marriage they would have in mind, I assure you. Although they might offer Clea a ‘safe and comfortable’ few months!” he finished with worldly scorn.

And then, at the height of his tirade, he caught sight of their expressions and knew a sickening chill of fear for what he had done. On both faces was a shuttered look, an attempt to conceal such pain as he could not recall ever seeing on a woman’s face before. Lady Floss rose from the sofa and extended a hand to Clea. Then she faced Lord Glendon.

“Thank you for sharing your opinions with us, milord,” she said in a lifeless voice. “You will excuse me now, I am sure.” Leading the stunned Clea, she went quietly from the room.

Watching them go, Lord Glendon cursed himself bitterly. It had become clear to him during the last devastating few minutes that he did not wish to sever connections with the two lost lambs; that he did desire most urgently to protect them from the cynical wolves of London, of whom he was the worst; and that neither his dealings with his mama nor with his casual, worldly flirts had prepared him to handle such naïve females as Lady Floss and Cleanthe Bradford. He got himself out of the house and threw himself into his waiting curricle, snarling at his unoffending groom. As he drove off, he was so angry that he scarcely noticed the traffic on the street, causing the groom to close his eyes in a futile, if devout, attempt to minimize the danger.

What kind of a foul-mouthed, insensitive creature had he become? wondered the earl, wallowing in a sense of guilt.

By the time he reached Glendon House, he had come to a firm decision. He would be forced to take complete charge of the two hapless females and shepherd them through their first perilous season. And at the end of that period, he would probably marry one of them. Oh, it would be a marriage of convenience, he assured himself comfortably, his convenience! It would involve absolute freedom for himself, and complete docility and obedience from the woman. If the plan he was concocting worked, as he fully expected it to, he would marry Lady Dearborn. Not that she was to be informed of her good fortune yet, he warned himself. He must prepare her carefully for the demanding position she would hold as his wife. And he must arrange a suitable match for Cleanthe; it was generous of him to take the trouble, but he felt it to be an obligation. Noblesse oblige, he reminded himself. One’s rank does impose obligations.

Whom should he select? A nobleman, or at least a man of good family and some wealth, of course. One who enjoyed the arts, especially music. And one who was at least six feet tall, he added with a smile. It would be absurd to match the noble Clea with a man much smaller than she.

However, when Lord Glendon ran through his list of acquaintances, he was unable to recall any six-foot peer who admitted to enjoying the arts. Would he be forced to go to Europe? Frenchmen were reputed to engage in cultural pursuits. Also Italians, but those he had met were mostly under six feet. Then again perhaps Floss might not wish her niece to live in Italy or France? The earl frowned. Marriage presented so many problems! Still, he would have to accept them.

And at least, he thought complacently, he would be rid, finally, of his mama’s importunities!





Chapter 11



For the first time in his self-centered life, Lord Glendon had spent a long hour thinking about someone else. Two sometimes, to be exact. By the end of that time, he had finally decided upon a plan of action. He was well aware that some of his own motives were not clear to him, but he had a deep-seated reluctance to commit himself that kept him from too searching an exploration of his private desires.

The first step in his plan was an essential consultation with old Lady Bowser. The earl dispatched a groom to her residence with a note of thanks for the dinner and a gift of a dainty, hand-painted box for her dressing table. At the end of the note, the earl penned a request that he tried to make casual.





May I call upon you this afternoon? I know it is very short notice indeed, but the circumstances are such that I must impose upon your generosity and good will. I promise to keep you just a moment!

Your obedient servant, etc.,

Glendon





Then he prepared to wait for an answer.

He was striding nervously up and down his bedroom when the reply came.

Lady Bowser will be pleased to receive the Earl of Glendon at four-thirty.





It was not signed.

Grinning wryly at her rebuking formality, Lord Glendon checked his appearance and set out at once for Bowser House.





In the event, Lady Bowser proved much less formidable than her note had implied. In fact, the earl thought he detected an avid gleam of curiosity behind her ladyship’s rather haughty facade. As soon as the amenities of greeting had been carefully observed, Lord Glendon launched at once into his prepared presentation.

“You were gracious enough not to punish me for my shocking rudeness in making an unheralded announcement at your dinner party last evening,” he began.

A surprising crow of amusement from the old lady interrupted his speech. “It quite made the occasion.” She smiled. “I am sure my dinner party was the talk of the ton today. Are you going to repudiate the engagement? Do you wish me to give another dinner party so that you can beg off?”

Unaccustomed color burned in the earl’s cheeks. “My dear Lady Bowser,” he began stiffly, “that is the farthest thing from my intention—”

Again his hostess uttered her crow of laughter. “I am glad to hear it! For a moment I feared that your mama had gotten to you and forced you to change your mind.”

Lord Glendon favored her with a hard look, and then gradually his expression softened.

“You really liked them, didn’t you?” he asked softly. “The way you insisted upon champagne to celebrate the announcement, your kindness toward Lady Floss—and my fiancée,” he added quickly.

His brief hesitation had not escaped the keen perception of his worldly-wise hostess. She raised her eyebrows almost up to her white-powdered wig. “So that is the way the wind blows?” she said quietly. “Asked the wrong female, did you?”

For a moment, the earl wore the arrogant expression so well known to his world. And then, under the stern yet kindly scrutiny of Lady Bowser, his face took on a more appealing cast than even he realized.

“I begin to fear that I have indeed done so,” he admitted.

“And you’ve come to me for help,” added the old woman crisply. “Well, that shows more sense than I’d have credited you with, young man! I may decide to assist you if you ask me nicely.”

Not certain whether to be offended or grateful, the earl gave her his most charming, practiced, social smile. “Yes, please,” he said meekly.

This piece of flummery hugely delighted Lady Bowser. Oh, you are a charmer, there’s no doubt about that!” She laughed. “I’ve no doubt you get your own way with the ladies quite easily! Now, what’s your plan? I assume you have one?”

But by the time Lord Glendon had explained his idea, Lady Bowser was frowning. “That is dangerous, young man,” she announced. “You risk your good name, to say nothing of the ladies’ consequence.”

“I cannot think of anything else,” argued the harassed nobleman. “Can you suggest a wiser plan?”

After some thought, Lady Bowser was obliged to confess that no safer plan presented itself to her.

Lord Glendon stared hard at the elderly woman. “Perhaps I should not let you hazard your good name in my devious schemes,” he said reluctantly. “I believe we might pull it off together, but I cannot be sure . . .”

“Just try to exclude me!” Lady Bowser snorted. “I demand to be a part of the most interesting piece of connivery to come my way in donkeys’ years!” She chuckled. “We shall have our work cut out for us, Michael. You will permit me to speak so informally, I hope?” she interjected. “I cannot work hand in glove with a fellow conspirator whom I must address in full state.”

The earl found himself grinning at his elderly companion. “I shall only permit such familiarity if I may call you Clarissa. It is such a delightful name.”

“My name is Amelia,” Lady Bowser informed him sternly, and then smiled. “But of course you may call me Clarissa. It is prettier than Amelia, and will thoroughly confuse anyone who hears you address me so.”

In perfect charity, the two conspirators then put their heads together to refine and implement their scheme.





Another conspirator, this time a solitary conniver, was not as well satisfied with the course of his campaign. True, Lord Ranulf had created a bit of stir with his bland assumption that the Dearborn woman had entrapped the Earl of Glendon for her niece, but such commonplace suspicions had little life as on-dits, he discovered. They were so universally expected to be true that they became accepted as custom rather than worried as shocking chicanery. In fact, the latest bit of scandalmongering Lord Ranulf had heard at the club concerned the fact that Lord Glendon was seen with the two ladies so frequently that bets were being offered that he intended marrying both of them!

Lord Ranulf wondered if he should try the gabble-mongering trick once more. In truth, he was a little revolted at the looseness of tongues in the metropolis and longed to be back in his own windswept, fresh-smelling keep. His nature, he finally decided, was to act rather than to talk, but acting against two ladies as well-sponsored as Florence Dearborn and Cleanthe Bradford might be difficult.

Acting against them? His heavy golden brows came down in a fierce frown. What had gotten into him? Why was he pursuing this greedy female with berserker fury? Was he a throwback to his Viking ancestors—or had he been placed under some cantrip or spell? By whom? For what purpose? A superstitious grue chilled his huge frame. He had never felt such hunger for revenge against a woman. In truth, he had never wanted much to do with females. His mother had died giving birth to him; his father had been uncomfortable with women and had avoided them. In fact, neither of the Malyons had bothered with women of any sort. . . . And now he was pursuing a merciless feud against his distant cousin’s young widow.

At the thought of the lady’s youth, Lord Ranulf’s face became even grimmer. What had George Dearborn been about to wed so youthful a female? Seven or eight years ago she could hardly having been out of the nursery! What had her parents been thinking of? He thought of the widow as he had seen her that one time, and his blood stirred unaccountably. Those wide golden eyes, alarmed and yet flashing at him so fiercely, defying him, challenging him to do his worst! A worthy opponent!

Lord Ranulf’s lips stretched into a wide, predatory grin. That was why he had decided to punish the greedy young vixen, he told himself. Because she was a worthy foe—and because she has asked for it!

This rather twisted logic satisfied the nobleman for the moment, and he did not probe more deeply into his own motives. Instead, he went out to strike a second blow in his battle with the defiant widow.





Chapter 12



Three days later, a worried Lady Bowser called a conference with the earl, Lady Dearborn, and Miss Bradford. When her guests were comfortably settled in her private withdrawing room, partaking of a cup of tea, the elderly woman explained the reason for her summons.

“Someone is trying to blacken your reputations in the haut ton,” she began crisply. “There are rumors that milord Glendon wishes to enjoy the favors of both of you—if he is not already doing so.” She observed their stunned expressions. “I am glad to see that it is a lie.”

The earl put down his cup carefully and stared hard at his hostess. “Have you any idea who is spreading this filth?”

Lady Bowser shook her head. “There is more,” she advised them ruefully. “Another canard is that you offered for Cleanthe by mistake and meant to espouse yourself to her dear aunt.”

If possible, the nobleman’s expression became grimmer. “It seems, according to these on-dits, that I am either an idiot or a lecher. Hardly flattering alternatives.”

Since neither Clea nor Floss seemed capable of speech, Lady Bowser asked, “Have you any idea who could be spreading such vicious rumors, Glendon?”

The earl’s face went very pale. “She would not dare!” he muttered. It was clear to Lady Bowser at least that he was referring to his mother. It was her private opinion that the old Countess of Glendon was indeed quite capable of such a disgusting attack upon her own son, but she hesitated to voice so derogatory an opinion.

And then a low, musical voice broke into the uncomfortable silence. “I know who is spreading these vicious lies,” Cleanthe said furiously. “It is that barbarian from the north—Lord Dearborn’s heir!”

To the surprise of the earl and Lady Bowser, Floss nodded agreement. “But of course, Clea! He warned you he would punish you for your treatment of George.”

The earl felt as though he had missed some vital part of this conversation. “Clea’s treatment of George?” he began.

“Oh, he didn’t mean Clea,” explained Lady Floss kindly. “He thought he was speaking to me,” and she gave them all her beaming, delicious smile.

Lady Bowser glared. “Perhaps someone will take the trouble to explain what this is all about,” she snapped.

Lady Floss and Clea both started to speak, but Lord Glendon took Floss’s hand firmly in his. “Let Clea tell us,” he instructed gently.

Floss nodded happily. “She does make things clearer,” she agreed.

So Clea recounted briefly the scene that had occurred before Lady Bowser’s dinner party. “He warned me that he would make me pay in full for my callous behavior to his cousin,” she concluded the tale. “I suppose that spreading these rumors is his way of ruining my—that is, Lady Dearborn’s consequence.”

“I’ll call the fellow out today,” said Lord Glendon icily.

“A fine way to bring the whole situation to the notice of anyone who hasn’t already heard of it.” Lady Bowser rebuked such folly.

“Perhaps it would be better if we left town,” suggested Floss with unaccustomed cowardice.

Clea shocked them all.

“I wish that I could call him out!” she breathed, her eyes blazing magnificently. “That—dastard! To wage war upon a helpless female!”

However reluctantly, the other three were forced to smile at Clea’s speech. Certainly, at this moment, she bore no resemblance to a helpless female. More like a Teutonic battlement, thought Lord Glendon, grinning, assessing her six feet of slender strength with admiration. “Your mama should have called you Matilda,” he said with a laugh. “Or Boadicea.”

“Pray do not start putting names on us!” fussed Lady Bowser. “Clarissa! Matilda! Boadicea! This is serious business!”

The earl was forced to agree. “Perhaps I should call upon the man and explain that he has the wrong Lady Dearborn,” he said, only to be interrupted by a still-fuming Clea.

“How will that mend matters? He will still persist in his nefarious schemes to ruin poor little Floss!”

“Perhaps if I went to him and explained the truth of the situation?” offered Lady Floss.

The suggestion was received with universal condemnation. The earl told her she must not become involved with such a reprehensible creature; Lady Bowser advised her that such a meeting would not be convenable; and Clea told her she would make less than a mouthful for such a savage predator. Floss’s eyebrows rose at this wholesale rejection of a simple and, to her, fairly obvious resolution of the problem.

Clea demanded to be told where the creature was staying. Lord Glendon told her not to be a ninny; he would send the fellow off with a flea in his ear.

At which point Lady Bowser made the first sensible suggestion of the conference. “I shall summon him here and tell him he is causing mischief to two innocent females. I shall appeal to his courtesy and his intelligence.”

Of course, this logical and practical proposal was at once argued out of court by the other three. Twenty minutes later, no firm course of action had been agreed upon, and every person present was afraid of what impulsive action the others might decide to take.

Lord Glendon called the meeting to order. “Ladies, I sympathize with your distress and applaud your courage, but this is man’s work. I shall call upon this fellow and advise him—very calmly, I promise you—that he has made a mistake and is maligning the good name of a very gentle lady. Believe me, this is the best way to handle such a fellow.”

Observing the grim yet restrained force of his determination, the ladies knew it would be useless to argue with a male so determined upon his course of action. Only Floss had the courage to beg him not to challenge the Viking to a duel.

“I should not wish to see you hurt,” she added with a wistful tenderness in her wide blue eyes.

Lord Glendon, feeling a veritable giant under that gentle gaze, promised that he would not challenge Lord Ranulf to a duel, and then spoiled it by adding, “Of course, if he challenges me . . .”

Noting the alarm in Lady Floss’s face, he cursed himself for being such a heavy-handed lout. She was such an adorable little female, tiny and sweet and volatile—everything a man could ever need or desire! His gaze lingered over the soft tumble of golden curls, the small, rosy face, the innocently pouting lips . . .God! To think of this exquisite creature in the clumsy hands of George Dearborn!

A slight coughing sound wrenched his gaze away from Floss’s sweetness to the wryly challenging glance of Lady Bowser. Pulling himself together, the earl rose and extended his arms to both ladies. “You really must not worry,” he said gently. “I shall settle matters to everyone’s satisfaction, I promise you! Now, may I see you both home?” And, with thanks to Lady Bowser, the trio made their departure. The earl was so engrossed in reassuring Floss that he completely failed to observe the militant light he had kindled in Clea’s golden eyes.





Chapter 13



Cleanthe Bradford was no fool. It was obvious even to a mind much less acute than hers that the Earl of Glendon had been well and truly caught by the young widow’s beauty and sweetness. This was not surprising, for Florence Dearborn was a true diamond and worthy of any man’s heart.

But unfortunately for everyone, Lord Glendon had, for reasons known only to himself, made a wildly irresponsible announcement at Lady Bowser’s dinner party, and now half of London knew that he was pledged to marry Miss Cleanthe Bradford, a country nobody without fortune or family. And, from the look of it, the fatal announcement was already becoming an intolerable burden to at least one of the pair.

Clea set her jaw firmly; her fine amber-gold eyes were warm with concern. She owed more to dear little Aunt Floss than she could ever repay: a warm and loving home offered to a lonely orphan; affection laughter, shared confidences. If Floss had a tendre for this elegant nobleman, and it seemed very possible that she did, then Clea must straighten out the tangle that prevented Floss from having her heart’s desire! For there was no doubt, Clea decided, watching the look with which the earl was taking his leave of the widow, that the nobleman wanted the lady even more than she wanted him!

As soon as Lord Glendon had taken his leave, amid assurances that all would be well, Clea shepherded the dreamy-eyed Floss up to her bedchamber. It was not difficult to get her aunt into bed; Floss was tired, as well as besotted by the earl, and in no condition to exercise any auntly authority. Clea occupied the time it took for Floss to fall asleep by quietly changing into a day dress. Then, wrapping her long brown cloak about her and pulling up the hood, she picked up her reticule and slipped quietly out of the house.

And then she was horrified to realize that she had no idea, in all of sprawling London town, where Lord Ranulf Malyon had his abode!

Berating herself for being a complete idiot, she had just turned to go back into the house when a harsh voice spoke at her shoulder. “So the greedy widow is off in the dark for some further adventures,” sneered Lord Ranulf. “I wonder what the Earl of Glendon would think of this nighttime rendezvous—or has he arranged it?”

The Viking’s crude insinuations gave Clea the anger she needed to regain her pose. “Have you set yourself to lurk about, spying upon us, Lord Ranulf?” she retorted nastily. “Better be careful you are not picked up by the Watch as a loose, idle, and disorderly person!”

His harsh laughter grated on her ears. “What a clever little widow you are, my dear! Such legal language! One wonders where you picked it up? Could it be that you have run afoul of the Watch on occasion?” Then, as Clea turned to remount the steps to the front door, her antagonist seized her arm and pulled her back against his huge, hard frame.

“Oh, no, my dear Lady Dearborn, you do not get off so lightly! I have been waiting to confront you for several hours, and I do not intend to be thwarted now! You were prepared to go abroad at this hour; you shall go—with me.” He began to pull her down the street toward a small, covered vehicle.

Clea opened her mouth to cry for help. Instantly a big hand slapped an iron grip across her mouth.

“I would not advise it, dear Lady Dearborn,” murmured Lord Ranulf. “The ensuing publicity would be very distasteful to your niece, and might even spoil her chances of an advantageous marriage.”

Thus warned, Clea was forced to permit the barbarous giant to hustle her to the coach, thrust her in, and take his place beside her. During this exercise, he had, perforce, to remove his hand from her mouth. Clea rallied rapidly.

“You have only postponed the reckoning,” she managed to gasp.

Lord Ranulf barked a laugh. “You don’t give up easily, do you? That should make our dealings more interesting for me. But now, be quiet. Whatever your habit, it is not mine to discuss my private business in the street.”

Silenced but now cowed by this display of masculine rudeness, Clea bided her time. When this savage tried to drag her into his hotel, she would make such a fuss that he would never dare to show his Viking’s face again in the beau monde. Alas for her plans! When the coach drew up, it was not before a well-lighted hotel but in what seemed to the frightened girl to be a dark and lonely alley.

Was the creature prepared to murder her to avenge the nonexistent wrong done to his distant relative?

By the time Lord Ranulf had hustled her into the building, Clea had recovered enough equanimity to observe that the place had all the look of a luxurious and elegant bachelor’s pied-à-terre. It was unlikely that he intended to murder her then, she decided, feeling a little more secure.

The savage lord soon destroyed her self-confidence.

Seizing her cloak in a surprise attack, he removed it from her and cast it on a bench near the door. Then, ignoring her gasp of protest, he took her arm and began to pull her toward the stairway that led out of the entrance hall.

“Let me go! Where are you taking me?” she cried angrily.

“We are going to talk, Madame Widow,” the giant snapped at her. “And since I have been loitering about outside your love nest this last three hours, I am cold! To say nothing of disgusted with you. So I am going to have a drink and sit down. You will accompany me.”

Clea scarcely knew where to begin the tongue-lashing she intended to deliver to this outrageous creature. Love nest, indeed! Oh, she wished she could punish the great oaf as he deserved. Her fury was so strong that she had no thought for devious word games or strategies, and certainly no desire to try to explain the stupidity of the mistake he was making. Only physical violence would satisfy her!

She cast a quick, wary glance around the room he was thrusting her into. It was pleasantly warm and lit by a multitude of candles as well as by a good fire. But her glance searched for a weapon she could use against this intolerable creature. There was, disappointingly, a dearth of ornaments of a size suitable for crashing upon the head of a dastard. A chair was too heavy for her to lift, but a footstool . . . ? Unfortunately, no such useful piece of furniture presented itself.

At this moment her captor thrust her roughly into a heavy armchair that was capable of supporting even her large frame. She was instructed to “Sit there and be quiet until I get a drink.” Seething, she did so. Perhaps when he brought her a drink, she could hurl it, and its container, into his arrogant, brutal face!

To her angry disgust, the brute came to stare down broodingly at her—with a single glass in his massive fist! This was outside of enough.

“Am I not to have refreshment?” she began shrewishly.

“You were not standing outside in the cold for several hours,” her captor explained mockingly. “Where were you, by the way? I noticed the earl had you both in tow.”

Clea set her teeth against the explanations she felt the need to give. The brute would not believe her now, no matter what she told him. And there was little Floss. For whatever it was worth, she wanted to protect her aunt from this barbarian as long as possible. So she said in as harsh a voice as his, “Why don’t you tell me why you brought me here, and we can get this farce over quickly?”

Apparently this was not the most soothing tack to take with the Viking. His face set into scornful dislike, he took a mouthful of his brandy and then said, more smoothly than he had yet spoken to her, “I shall tell you why I brought you here when I am ready, Lady Dearborn.” The way he uttered the name was an insult. He continued, “First I wish to look at you. You puzzle me, you know. I had not thought you old enough to have been married seven years and widowed for one. You must have snatched Dearborn when you were barely out of the cradle.”

“In which case I could hardly have been the schemer you insist on thinking me,” Clea retorted sharply. “Perhaps it was your precious cousin who snatched me from my cradle.”

“Oh, I’m sure you were well aware of what was going on, young as you must have been.” His expression left her in no doubt of his distaste. “And aware, also, that since you had neither beauty, charm, nor a dowry, your part of the bargain was to present my cousin with an heir so he could save his wretched estate. Which you refused to do.”

Clea’s breath caught sharply with the pain his attack caused her. Neither beauty, charm, nor a dowry. Of course she had always known the cruel truth, but under Floss’s loving coaxing, she had dared to hope, in these last few weeks, that something might have been done to create a prettier, more worthy Clea. The stab of anguish was so sharp that she could not speak for a moment. Strangely enough, the insensitive Viking seemed to detect her pain.

With his gaze intent upon her suddenly stricken white face, Lord Ranulf said slowly, “Perhaps I am too hard on you, Lady Dearborn.”

Clea rallied quickly. After all, it was an attack she had warded off many times in her life. No beauty, no charm. She managed a small, bitter smile.

“Aside from wishing to disparage my appearance and character, did you have any reason for kidnapping me tonight, Lord Ranulf?”

The man frowned. This was not going as he had expected. For all her obvious fury, the girl had not descended to vicious recriminations or personal abuse. In fact, as she sat there in the warm fire’s glow, her amazing golden eyes flashing in the candlelight, she looked striking. Not beautiful, of course. Not pretty, as her charming little protégée was. His glance moved curiously over the noble proportions of shoulders and breast, down to the slender waist and the swell of hips into long, graceful legs. As he looked up at her face again, he was startled to see that the pallid expression of grief was gone, to be replaced by flaming color. The wily widow was actually blushing at the candor of his searching examination of her person! Could he have been mistaken? Was she perhaps not the hardened, greedy schemer he had considered her?

He had no time to pursue this challenging idea, for the widow had had time to recover her aplomb and was glaring at him with anger. She made as though to rise. “This is a futile business, milord,” she said coldly. “You have snatched me from my residence and insulted me for no reason. I would like to go home.”

Her voice broke just a little on the last words, causing the puzzled Lord Ranulf to question even further his first judgment. This was not the tone of a hardened schemer. . . . Hardened? Was this excellent acting? When attack failed, did the woman resort to guile? Lord Ranulf, definitely confused, glared at the noble Amazon.

“You will leave when I permit you,” he said, trying to gain time. “I wish to have an assurance from you that as soon as your niece is married you will return home—”

That was an unfortunate remark, his lordship realized.

The widow’s fury returned in full spate. She glared at him. “Your vicious gossiping is threatening the success of that engagement, as I am sure you are well aware!” she snapped. “We had just returned from a conference at Lady Bowser’s home, where she was forced to tell us of the ugly and quite untrue rumors you are spreading through the ton! I should not have thought even you would stoop so low!”

Since he had, indeed, made one or two unpleasant remarks in speaking to Sir Hilary that day at the club, Ranulf could not deny her charges. Still, “vicious”? “ugly”?

“Surely you are making too much of one suggestion that you might have come to London to win a husband for your niece?” he protested in what he felt was a placating tone.

The girl did not seem to find it so.

“ ‘One’ remark? Lady Bowser tells us the ton is being titillated by a whole series of innuendoes: that Lord Glendon is intending to change his allegiance from Miss Bradford to Lady Dearborn, even that he is, ah, courting both of us!” Her eyes flashed golden fire. “You are destroying three people with your evil tongue, sir! And even by your accounting, only one of them deserves it!”

Lord Ranulf was honestly dismayed. “I assure you, ma’am, I have spread no such filth! I made one or two general, derogatory remarks, no more, to one person. That is the extent of it. I give you my word!”

“For what that is worth,” sneered the girl, too incensed to accept the validity of his protest. “Someone has been doing his best to destroy us, and you are the only enemy I know of! Well, as far as I am concerned, you have won! I shall break off the engagement, go home tomorrow . . . Oh!” Her fury crumpled as she remembered that she had no home to go to.

Lord Ranulf was reminded of that fact also. He had never felt so frustrated and guilty in his life. He had begun to think that he might have been completely wrong in his suspicions, that he might have been harassing an innocent victim of Sir George’s—and her parents’—cold machinations. The master of Malyon Keep had not had much experience dealing with females, nor had he wanted any, but he would have given a good deal at this moment for the skill he was sure the earl possessed. He took a deep breath, walked over to the cabinet, and poured a large brandy. Then he walked back to the girl and stood in front of her.

Her head was bowed into her hands in an expression of despair. Well, you’ve done it, Malyon! he told himself bitterly. You’ve defeated this woman, just as you planned, and destroyed her niece’s chance for a good marriage! And all on the word of one of Dearborn’s cronies, whom you never liked in the first place!

In a voice that grated in his effort to soften it, he got out the words he had to say, “Please, Lady Dearborn, you must accept my apologies. It appears that I may have been wrong—that I was misinformed! Let me offer you refreshment, then I shall drive you back to your . . .” His speech faltered at the word home.

The woman finished his sentence. “Back to our lodgings, rented and paid for with the money you gave us for the Dower House. Yes, I shall be grateful for that much mercy.”

God, this was worse than he’d feared! All his suspicions proven false! Staring down into her devastated countenance, observing with shame the trembling of the soft red lips, Lord Ranulf experienced a rush of self-hatred. Silently, he urged the glass of brandy into her hand and guided it to those tender lips. When the girl seemed reluctant, he forced her to accept the restorative liquor.

When she had, at his urging, finished the entire glassful, Clea gasped and sat back in the chair. “What was that?” she breathed.

“A rather good cognac,” admitted milord, smothering a smile at her flushed face. “It will make you feel more the thing, I promise.”

The wide golden eyes stared up into his as the girl tried to recover her poise. “It burns all the way down!”

“That is its purpose, I understand,” agreed the nobleman. “To impart a warming glow. Your cheeks are a pretty pink,” he added with a wide, white-toothed grin.

I cannot be starting to like this monster, Clea told herself, grinning back at him. It must be the cohnyahk or whatever he called it. She found herself examining the big, handsome face that loomed above her, admiring the dark blue eyes under heavy brows and the unfashionably unpowdered hair.

“Never powder your hair,” she was horrified to hear herself say as she stared at the golden pelt.

His lordship did not seem to see anything untoward in so personal a comment. “Why not?” he asked in an agreeable tone.

“It is very beautiful,” Clea heard herself say, “as it is.”

“Not half so beautiful as yours,” the nobleman gallantly responded. “I beg that you will never permit your dresser to cover that exquisite silver-gilt with French talc.”

Clea smiled graciously. Her stomach seemed to be glowing with a pleasant warmth; her senses, while alert, seemed oddly disconnected from her immediate control. She puzzled over the problem for a moment, looking, Lord Ranulf thought, adorably confused. Finally she lifted a smiling face to his gaze.

“I am drunk,” she announced cheerfully. “If this is how Uncle George felt, I am not surprised that he put himself in this condition nearly every night of his life.”

Uncle George? Is that what Dearborn’s wife used to call him? Not too surprising, perhaps, in view of the difference in their ages. Lord Ranulf felt again that sense of disgust, even outrage, at the disparity in their ages, but this time he was putting the blame where it should always have been: upon her parents and the brutish Sir George. This child had been a victim, not a schemer, and he had added to her problems.

Lord Ranulf made a decision. First, he would get the darling woman back to the safety of her temporary home, and then, tomorrow, when she was not confused by the strong brandy, he would wait upon her and offer his assurances that no further obstacles would be put in the way of her niece’s wedding. And then, when the foofaraw was over, he would offer her the use of the Dower House for as long as she wished it. She would never again have to say that she had no home!

Caught up in these surprisingly pleasant plans, Lord Ranulf was brought back to the immediate problems when he observed that his guest had slumped against the side of her chair. She could not have fallen asleep! Not after one glass of brandy, surely!

Further investigation proved that Lady Dearborn had indeed become deeply unaware of her surroundings. His heavy golden eyebrows drew into a deep frown of dismay. It was going to be the very devil of a task to get an inebriated female back into her house at this hour of the night without giving every loose tongue in London a juicy morsel to savor!





Chapter 14



After all his worry and his careful precautions, Lord Ranulf found it surprisingly easy to get his sleeping companion into her home. He had driven his small closed coach himself after tucking her safely inside. When he reached the house the widow had rented from the earl’s friend, he drove around to the mews at the back. The groom was not in evidence; he was probably asleep. Lord Ranulf gingerly extracted the girl from the coach, lifted her into his arms, and strode toward the kitchen door. His boots made a loud clicking upon the grimy cobblestones, but no lights were in evidence anywhere in the house.

When he got to the back door, however, he encountered his first obstacle. The door was locked. He shifted the girl in his arms—no light weight, he thought, grinning to himself—and knocked firmly but quietly. Then he waited.

No response.

By this time even the huge Viking was feeling the weight of his nobly built companion. Impatiently, he thrust one massive shoulder hard against the door, which opened under the thrust. Blessing all old houses with ill-fitting hardware, Lord Ranulf strode into the darkened kitchen and promptly stumbled against a table.

The table shifted noisily under the force of his lordship’s thrusting thighs, scraping along the rough wooden floor. Smothering a curse, Lord Ranulf staggered slightly to regain his balance. Against his throat he felt a soft, warm breath and a dazed murmur of question.

“Be quiet!” he commanded briskly. “I am putting you to bed.”

Grinning involuntarily at the comfortable coziness of such a statement, he moved slowly forward toward the front of the house. As his eyes became accustomed to the darkness, he was able to discern and avoid any further obstacles. Quietly he maneuvered his burden up two flights of stairs, past the drawing room, in which he had made his first attack upon the girl who now nestled confidingly, if heavily, in his arms. A frown lowered the heavy blond eyebrows as he recalled his sneering anger and the widow’s icy defiance. How could he have been so mistaken in his judgment of her behavior? Involuntarily he held her closer for a moment.

She made a sound very like a purr and nestled closer to his chest.

Lord Ranulf realized that he would have to get the seductive creature settled somewhere very quickly, or he would be unable to leave her at all!

The first room he tried had an occupant. The breathing was not heavy, but it was audible to his intent listening. Quietly he closed the door and moved down the hall. The next room was obviously the one he was seeking. A candle burned low in a wide dish; covers were neatly turned back upon an empty single bed. With a grunt of relief, he deposited the sleeping woman on top of the covers. Then he stood surveying her in the light of the single candle.

She was lovely in her sleep. The lines of strain were smoothed from her classic features. Long lashes rested upon the pale cheeks, and shadowed lids concealed the golden eyes. His fascinated gaze wandered down over the big, well-formed body. Too fine for the brutish Dearborn, he thought with surprising distaste at the idea of that coupling. His glance returned to her face. So innocent she appeared! So sweetly feminine!

Pulling himself together with a real effort, he bent to remove the widow’s shoes before spreading a cover over her.

“Perhaps you would like to tell me what you are doing?” demanded a quiet little voice.

Lord Ranulf whirled to face his challenger, dismay in every line of his enormous body.

Facing him was a tiny, exquisite female in a white dressing gown and an absurd nightcap tied with a bow.

Lord Ranulf, shocked out of any attempt to deceive the niece—for this young woman must be Miss Clea Bradford—blurted out the truth. Or at least something close to it.

“Your aunt called upon me to demand that I cease my tale-mongering. When I had convinced her that it was not I who was spreading the vile rumors, Lady Dearborn agreed to seal our truce with a glass of brandy.” He paused, grinning reluctantly. “It would seem that your aunt does not have much of a head for liquor. I was merely hoping to restore her to your home without giving further cause for wagging tongues.”

As he finished his hurried excuses, Lord Ranulf waited for the torrent of disbelief and vituperation that he was sure would descend upon his head. Even to him, the story sounded contrived and unbelievable. But the niece surprised him. A delightful chuckle sounded in the quiet room, and he was amazed to see a mischievous sparkle in the wide blue eyes.

“Lord Ranulf Malyon, I take it?” the little minx challenged. Who could mistake that massive frame?

“The same,” he admitted, peering warily at her. “May I be permitted to take my leave quietly so that my elaborate plan to avoid gossip about your aunt may have a suitably discreet conclusion?”

The little minx regarded him with a surprisingly cool evaluation. “So you convinced my aunt that you were not responsible for those nasty on-dits that have been circulating, did you?”

Milord tugged at his neckcloth. The little niece had a remarkably mature and penetrating glance! “I believe I was able to persuade her that someone else must be responsible for the ugly rumors,” he said firmly.

“The Countess of Glendon?” she said musingly, and then, with more force, “Of course! It is just in her style! She is so afraid that Glendon will marry some female who will shield him from her knaggy ways! She is like that spider that eats its young, or its husband, or whatever! Or is it a mantis? I can never remember. In any case, I pity the earl!”

A little stunned by this rambling excursion into the insect world, Lord Ranulf caught at his wits and decided that agreement with the young woman was the safest policy, especially at this hour of the night and in this most compromising situation. Sketching a neat bow, he said quietly, “I thank you most sincerely for our tolerance and patience, Miss Bradford. I see that we both wish to shield your aunt from even the faintest breath of scandal. I will get myself out quietly, the same way I came in. . . . Oh, I’d better warn you: The locks on this house you have rented will not withstand even the slightest pressure. You should have them strengthened tomorrow.”

Lady Floss nodded her good-nights, smiling gently. She was thoroughly delighted with the events of the evening. It was good to know that the threatening and redoubtable northern nobleman had become so amenable and protective. She could hardly wait for Clea to wake up and tell her everything that had happened. It was so like warmhearted, partisan Clea to storm off to the villain’s home in the middle of the night, demanding that he cease his harassment! Thank God the supposed villain had proved a sensible and honest man, and had brought Clea home in a very discreet manner—considering her condition! Oh, Clea! Jugbitten!

A reprehensible giggle sounded in the quiet bedroom as Lady Floss considered the possible repercussions of Clea’s action and Lord Ranulf’s response if she herself had been someone like the Countess of Glendon! That would have been a nine days’ wonder, for sure! And the arrogant, heavy-handed Viking might have found himself saddled with a wife he hadn’t bargained for! As that provocative thought entered her consciousness, Lady Floss’s charming little countenance acquired the solemn, intent book that so alarmed Clea, who called it her “planning” look. Unfortunately for Clea, or perhaps fortunately for her peace of mind, she was too deeply asleep to observe the dreaded expression on her aunt’s face.





When Clea woke up the following morning, she had a particularly unpleasant headache. Floss, who had awakened her, at once presented a glass full of what she called “a settler.” Clea drank it gratefully; anything was better than the dull, throbbing pain. After a few minutes, she began to feel that she might be able to bear the idea of living and, even possibly, at some later date, of eating breakfast.

Floss had no patience with such crotchets. “You will eat what is on this tray, and then you will tell me everything that happened last night at Lord Ranulf’s lodgings.”

Reminded so abruptly of her indiscretion, Clea launched into a garbled explanation that slowed to a halt under the merry, mocking light in Floss’s expressive eyes.

“Why are you smiling at me like that?” Clea demanded.

“Well, my dear niece,” explained Floss with a naughty twinkle, “I was present when your . . . friend . . . brought Lady Dearborn home last night. It seems she was . . . I think the term is ‘shot in the neck.’ Or so George used to describe a drunken crony.”

Clea groaned. “What did he say when he brought me home? Did you tell him I am your niece and not Lady Dearborn?”

Floss giggled. “Of course I did not! As long as he believes you are me, he will not be able to do us any harm!”

Stunned by this view of the situation, Clea stared at her volatile little aunt. After a long moment, she shook her head. “You’d better explain that, Aunt Floss, But not just now,” she amended hastily. “My head is still very tender!”

“As I see it,” Floss began more soberly, “Lord Ranulf has already begun to change his first, hostile opinion of us. In fact, he was quite courteous last night. But perhaps that was because I caught him in the act of undressing you.”

“Floss!” Clea gasped, horror-stricken.

The little wretch shrugged. “Just your shoes, dear child. Of course, if I had come into your bedroom a little later . . . !” Her smile was wicked.

Clea got out of bed and went to the washbasin to splash cold water on her burning cheeks. When she had patted her face dry, she turned to the naughtily smiling Floss. “I think it is time you told me exactly what happened last night.” She said in so somber a tone that Floss left off her teasing and recounted the events of the nights as she had heard them from Lord Ranulf and observed them herself in this room.

When she had finished, Clea groaned, “I do not recall anything after I drank that glass of cohnyahk or whatever he called it. Before that, it is not quite as he told you—but near enough,” she concluded hastily, catching a glimpse of Floss’s avid interest.

When the girl did not continue, Floss said with a meditative expression, “I may infer, then, that Lord Ranulf does not intend to pursue his Viking vengeance upon the females who sought to feather their nests at George Dearborn’s expense?”

Clea refused to meet her aunt’s gaze. “I believe we may assume that, yes,” she faltered.

Floss’s clear laughter rang out. “Do not seek to bamboozle me, my dear child! I was there last night in your bedroom, and in full possession of my senses, I may add. I saw the look his lordship was giving you as he—”

“Aunt Floss!” The girl groaned. “My head”

“Oh, it wasn’t your head he was interested in,” pursued the little gadfly. Then, taking pity on Clea’s anguished expression, she said softly, “He was everything the dourest duenna would have applauded. A true knight for you, Cleanthe.”

She was pleased to note the rush of lovely color to the girl’s pale cheeks. It seemed her idea of the night before had been a sensible one: to marry the tall young girl to the one man Floss had ever met who was large enough to make Clea look gently feminine. Of course, Floss knew that Clea was no gentle, clinging female; but then so, too, must Lord Ranulf know it. He had been challenged by a veritable battlemaid; his own account of the evening, stripped of his protective evasions, went to prove that!

Floss sighed her satisfaction. Lord Glendon had rightly dubbed Clea “Matilda.” Even better, it seemed that the Viking was not averse to a strong shield-partner. Floss’s expression again became the one Clea had learned to fear. The blind considering stare, which signaled that Lady Floss was lost in some outrageous plan!

Clea stared at her apprehensively. Was it any use to plead that she drop whatever wild scheme she was so plainly concocting? Probably not. The best thing to do might be to warn Lord Ranulf of the impending doom.





Chapter 15



The Earl of Glendon entered his club the next afternoon in a mood his valet had already characterized as tetchy. It was true that the nobleman was annoyed. After a lengthy search among his acquaintances, he had finally discovered one, Sir Hilary Bond, who knew the London address of Lord Ranulf Malyon. Bond was a notorious gabble-monger and a very poor gamester, but he did have his uses. Glendon had then paid a fruitless visit to the given address, only to find Malyon absent from his lodgings. Thus denied the hoped-for release of calling the fellow out, Lord Glendon had repaired to the club in the hopes of getting some more useful information from his intelligencer.

He gave Sir Hilary a quite undeserved frown. “The fellow wasn’t at his lodgings.”

“Well, who is, at this time of day?” Sir Hilary defended himself. “You’re not. I’m not. Obviously! If the matter’s that important, why don’t you hang about here for a while? He’s sure to look in today or tomorrow.” Sir Hilary smiled hopefully. “Care for a hand of piquet?”

“You are incorrigible,” snarled Lord Glendon most unfairly, and strode out of the club to his waiting groom. “I’ll take ’em,” he said angrily.

The groom surrendered the reins and prepared for a rough ride to Outer Mongolia. He was relieved to discover that his master’s destination was no more distant than Emory Place and the residence of the young Lady Dearborn. Although no sign of interest, or, in fact, life, was permitted to show upon the servant’s impassive features, his mind was busily speculating upon the possibility that His Nibs had finally got himself hooked—and by a country widow, at that!

Confirming this conjecture, his lordship, having drawn up before the very modest house with a fine flourish, instructed his groom to “take ’em back to the stable” and call for him in an hour or so. Without waiting to see if he was being obeyed, the earl strode forcefully up to the front door and battered the knocker.

Upon being shown into the small, pleasant drawing room, Lord Glendon’s mood was unaccountably mellowed by the warmth of the welcome he received from Lady Floss. Even to his discerning and critical eye, the little widow presented a delightful picture. Dressed in the latest crack of fashion, Lady Dearborn’s sweetness and beauty made the modish costume only an unobtrusive frame for her person. Or so the nobleman decided as he bent over her hand with a courtly bow.

“Lord Glendon! What a pleasure to welcome you today!” The soft voice caressed him as wide blue eyes held his own captive.

The earl took a deep breath. Somewhere far back in his mind, caution shouted a warning that he firmly ignored.

“Why today, especially?” He heard quite an unfamiliar note of ardor in his own voice. “Can it be that you missed me, Lady Floss?’ he teased.

The wide blue eyes became even softer, then were veiled by the incredible lashes. The widow correctly ignored milord’s ardency and led the way to a comfortable sofa, which Lord Glendon was pleased to note was intended for two persons.

Handing his hostess to a seat and depositing his own large frame comfortably close beside her, the earl launched at once into a discussion of their mutual concerns. He had gotten no further than telling her that he had been unable to run Malyon to earth when Lady Floss astonished him.

With a demure smile, she announced, “Oh, that matter is in a fair way to being solved, milord! Lord Ranulf was here, last night, and has straightened out the matter quite nicely.”

The earl was flabbergasted. “Straightened out?” he repeated in a strangled tone. “Last night?” He scowled at this little hostess. “I suppose no one thought it worthwhile to inform me of the new development? I have spent the whole day trying to find the fellow!” And might very possibly have called him out when I found him, he thought grimly. I might even have shot the man, who I am now told has already straightened things out nicely! The fellow had no right to do so!

Floss was immediately aware of the hurt feeling that underlaid the surface annoyance of her guest. It suddenly occurred to her that this darling male had no doubt spent a tiring day trying to help her, and she had brushed his efforts aside so casually! Her lovely eyes filled with tears.

“Dear Lord Glendon, you must forgive me! I have been thoughtless, unkind, unworthy of your concern! Can you find it in your heart to forgive me? What may I do to convince you of my gratitude for your kind assistance?”

Lord Glendon experienced a relaxing of the tense muscles of his shoulders that accompanied the soothing of his wounded feelings. He allowed the little woman to bring him a glass of a very tolerable brandy and accepted the delicate feminine flutterings that she employed to assure herself of his comfort and forgiveness. Basking in these attentions, the earl became aware of two startling facts.

The first was that although he had been a prize in the marriage stakes for several years and had been the target of all too many feminine ploys and advances, he had never in his life felt so delightfully and comfortably cosseted. He could almost feel himself purring under the soothing ministrations of the little witch. How did she do it? he wondered. She made a man feel . . . as though he were very special to her.

And the second startling fact was that he knew, in this warm and precious moment, that he must find a way to bind Lady Floss to him so securely that she could never get more than twenty feet away from him during the rest of their lives.

And how the devil was he to get around the stupid tangle of his announced engagement to Miss Cleanthe Bradford?

So great was his distress of mind that he found it impossible to remain seated so close to the little charmer who had in some way come to possess his heart’s devotion. The earl rose and began to stride up and down the carpet in front of the sofa. Lady Floss followed his peregrinations with arousing alarm. Finally she ventured to speak.

“What is wrong, milord? I assure you that Lord Ranulf has agreed to your engagement to Miss Cleanthe Bradford since he no longer feels that she and I defrauded his cousin in some way. He assures us that he will do all in his power to further the match and will even offer the Dower House back to me as soon as you and Clea are wed.”

For some reason, this magnanimous gesture on the part of the Viking lord served to exacerbate the earl’s already unstable emotions.

“I’m damned if I’ll let him drag you off to some tumbledown, wretched Dower House! And who does he think he is, to be bustling me off into a marriage with your giant of a niece?”

These rude and incautious remarks caused Lady Floss’s soft lips to tighten ominously, but after a stern, searching glance at the unhappy nobleman, she gave him a forgiving smile. “You have had a truly difficult and disappointing day,” she said to him, and reminded herself, too, “and I must not tease you with these family matters, must I?”

“I wish to be teased with them—that is, burdened with—no, that’s not it!” He groaned. Then, taking a deep breath, he said slowly, his eyes fixed on those wide blue orbs, “It will be my joy to manage your affairs for the rest of our lives, dearest Floss. In fact, I cannot bear the thought of anyone else managing your affairs. I”—the hardened bachelor gulped—“I love you! Please say you will marry me?”

Lady Floss received this declaration with admirable poise. It must be admitted that she had already determined that the arrogant and adorable nobleman would be her second, and only real, husband. It was much simpler, however, that the suggestion had come from him. She nodded her agreement enthusiastically, setting her crown of golden curls to bouncing charmingly.

“Oh, yes, thank you, Michael! I should enjoy marrying you very much! But we must think of a way to get you, ah, disengaged? Unengaged? Well, anyway, out of your engagement to Clea first, must we not? And without hurting her consequence in the beau monde.”

Lord Glendon groaned again.

He could not explain the twisted series of predicaments in which he—normally a pretty downy bird, with enough nous to get him safely through the most threatening imbroglios!—had found himself embroiled since Lady Dearborn and her niece had arrived in London. And he didn’t blame darling little Floss for one minute! Lady Bowser’s dinner party, the countess’s venomous tongue, Clea’s uncontrollable temper, Malyon’s wicked allegations, and then his inexcusable absence today . . . The very stars in their courses seemed to be intent upon frustrating Michael Glendon and making his path difficult!

At this moment, sensing his angry confusion, Lady Floss came to her tormented swain and took him into her arms. As much of him as she was able to, that is, given the disparity in their sizes. The earl found this tight hug of warm arms around his chest to be so utterly soothing and delightful that his aplomb was at once restored, and he began to regard the challenging situation as something he could straighten out without too much trouble.

“Clea never loved me, you know,” he whispered softly. “She has been even more disturbed about our mock engagement than any of us.”

“It was your gallant response to your mama’s innuendoes that brought you into the situation in the first place,” Floss told him lovingly. “Now all we have to do is to find a face-saving way of convincing the ton that you both have thought better of the agreement.”

The earl and Floss were too happily employed in dwelling on their future bliss to recall that the powerful and unpredictable Malyon might not be as easy to coerce to the new plan. They had also forgotten that the Viking was not aware that Clea was Floss—as Floss might put it.





Chapter 16



The ton was very shortly buzzing with the outrageous conduct of the Earl of Glendon. Not that the impeccably behaved nobleman committed any acts that might cause disgust to the highest sticklers, for he moved within his noble orbit with his accustomed, irreproachable savoir fare, accepting invitations from flattered hostesses, attending the theater in the company of members of the haut ton, even breaking his own habitual reticence and hosting a series of large and elegant gatherings at Glendon town house.

All very properly chaperoned, of course. Sometimes by his mama, who wore a sour expression but was obviously unable to resist the lure of presiding over such socially desirable gatherings; and equally often by Lady Bowser, who gave all the appearance of enjoying herself thoroughly as the earl’s hostess.

No, it was the presence at Lord Glendon’s side of his two companions that set the ton abuzz. Of course, an engagement had been announced, but the downier members of the ton had been waiting with gleeful anticipation to see how the hitherto untrappable earl would get himself out of this situation. It seemed clear to his acquaintances that the little widow from the country had well and truly snared the wiliest bird in London. Bets were being offered and accepted in the clubs as to the outcome of this very provocative contretemps. Engaged to the niece, plainly smitten by the aunt. Which would he marry?

“Deuced awkward for Lord Glendon.” Sir Hilary grinned, still resentful of the earl’s cavalier treatment of his own helpful gesture. “My money’s on the widow, though. She snaffled him as neatly as dammit!”

“I should think,” pontificated Lord Evert, “that she’d have wanted him for herself. Demned fetching little piece, the widow. Up to every rig and row, I’ll wager! Whereas the gal’s too big and countrified for my tastes.”

Since Lord Evert barely topped five feet six, the very idea of him matched to Miss Cleanthe Bradford’s six-foot height was an occasion for mockery. Which he resented fiercely, of course.

The whole situation gave the ton a most delightful opportunity for gossip. Endless, often scurrilous gossip.

Of course, some of it came to the ears of the principals. Lady Bowser summoned the earl for a conference, expressly requesting that he come alone, since what was to be discussed might offend the two ladies involved.

Lady Bowser found herself fiercely partisan toward Lady Floss. She was not so sure about the enormous Miss Bradford, although she admired her courage and good sense in this awkward situation. At times, acting as hostess for the earl, she had sincerely approved of the big young woman’s poise and quiet integrity even under the not-so-subtle thrusts of small-minded members of the ton. Still, she agreed with Clea’s rueful comment that Lady Floss should have left her to enjoy her museums and libraries and concerts in peaceful privacy, and not tried to thrust her into the ton. Lady Bowser knew that the engagement was a hollow sham, entered into by a man furious at his mother’s cruel and ruthless harassment of two unoffending women. Still, when he had informed her of the true state of affairs, she had warned the earl forcefully that his current plan to change fiancées in mid-season was a most dangerous one, which could lead to disaster for all three persons involved.

“I have come to like and respect these two females, Glendon,” she admitted seriously. “They are not quite à la mode, but they have character, and depth of feeling, and an openness that is not common among females of our class. A sort of naïveté that causes me to fear for them. They could be badly hurt by this, Michael.”

The earl’s handsome countenance was drawn into a frown. “I am well aware of their vulnerability,” he said slowly. “Clea cannot accept herself as a beautiful girl because of her . . . rather massive proportions. And, alas, I am not the man to convince her,” he continued with a wry smile. “I am so completely besotted by one small widow that I cannot even think about any other woman.”

Lady Bowser admired his boyishly rueful smile. It would be worth some trouble if the grandson of her old friend could safely secure for himself so devoted and darling a wife as Lady Floss would make. But there were dangers! So many that they chilled the old lady’s heart.

And not the least of them, she concluded bitterly, was the earl’s nasty mother! The countess would destroy the earl’s happiness if she could. That was a certainty.





Lady Bowser did not realize that there was an even more dangerous opponent to the earl’s plan. Lord Ranulf had settled himself as comfortably as possible in his elegant, newly rented town house, not seeking out companions but rather spending his days with Trevelyan, ordering estate matters. The lawyer, in concert with Tavish, Lord Ranulf’s factor at Malyon Keep, had made an efficient job of the takeover of the rundown Dearborn holdings. But husbandry had never been particularly challenging to Lord Ranulf. He often longed for the Viking days, the fierce thrill of challenge and conflict, of far journeying to lands unknown. The petty maneuverings of society bored him, and although he was twenty-four, he had never been able to rouse in himself any interest in the vapid posturing of the young females who were so constantly being thrust upon his attention by their eager mamas.

Rather somberly now, he stood by the window in his big bedroom, looking down at the busy, noisy traffic of the London street. Oh, to be riding Thor along a windswept beach, feeling the whip of the breeze, smelling the salt freshness of the air, Thor’s powerful body moving beneath him—free . . .

At that moment, to his complete surprise, an image flashed into his mind of two riders, himself and a glorious Valkyrie, pounding along the beach; the girl’s mane of white-gold hair flying like a triumphant banner in the wind, her wide golden eyes gleaming with laughter and the joy of freedom. . . .

Lord Ranulf turned away from the window, found his chapeau, and set out for the club. It was plain that he needed the company of some cynical, sophisticated males at this queerly vulnerable moment.

He found Sir Hilary and Lord Evert at the club, as he had expected. Sir Hilary at least seemed pleased to see him and offered to stand him a drink. When the amenities were completed, Sir Hilary gave him a shrewd glance.

“Lord Glendon was here looking for you one day. Seemed in a damned pelter. Did he find you?”

Lord Ranulf shrugged noncommittally. “Business,” he admitted.

“You have business dealings with Glendon?” prodded Sir Hilary unwisely.

Lord Ranulf’s grim expression soon made him aware of his mistake. After a long moment during which it must be admitted that Sir Hilary held his breath, Malyon deigned to explain.

“I have estates in the north of England and have just acquired, rather reluctantly, I must admit, another one here in the south. Dearborn. I needed to consult with the earl as to the rights of my deceased cousin’s widow. Glendon is engaged to be married to her niece, I believe.”

Well, it was true, and yet it was vague enough to discourage gossip. In fact, Sir Hilary was looking disappointed. And then his expression brightened.

“I suppose you’ve heard the latest on-dits about that match, haven’t you?” the young fop gloated. “It seems that the widow’s smarter than anyone gave her credit for. She’s getting her hooks into Glendon. I hear that there may be a change in the wedding plans—a change of brides!” His silly laughter neighed out.

With an oath that instantly removed all traces of mirth from the face of his intelligencer, Lord Ranulf whirled and strode out of the club with a face like thunder. Every man who noticed his departure gave thanks that that berserker fury was not directed toward himself.

Lord Ranulf hailed a cab and gave directions to the rented house where he had first encountered the conniving widow. All his earlier suspicions were again aroused, this time implemented by a sense of personal outrage and betrayal that he did not stop to analyze. It was fortunate for Clea that the traffic on the London streets was even more impossible than usual, thus allowing the enraged nobleman to vent some of his spleen upon cabbies, brainless young bucks driving their curricles, and stupid pedestrians plainly determined to end their own lives. By the time Lord Ranulf’s cab arrived in Emory Place and pulled up in front of the small house rented by Lady Dearborn, the nobleman was sufficiently in command of his temper to pay his cabby a sum that had the fellow grinning and then to stride up to the front door with a measure of poise.

Alas for his self-possession! The news that greeted Lord Ranulf rearoused all of his primitive Viking fury. Lady Floss, it appeared, had gone out for a drive in the carriage and the company of Lord Glendon! Ranulf ground his teeth together audibly.

This so alarmed the little housemaid that she hastened, rather indiscreetly, to supply additional information. The ladies had been invited to a soirée given by Lady Moorhouse that evening, although Lady Dearborn might not attend, since she had owned to a slight headache earlier in the day, which Lord Glendon had persuaded her might be cured by a drive in the fresh air.

Lord Ranulf sneered openly at this absurdity. “I should be greatly surprised if his lordship could find an ounce of fresh air in the whole of this stinking town!” he said rudely, turning on his heel to reengage the cabby who had been hopefully waiting in the street.

All the way back to his house, Lord Ranulf, shaking with fury, searched for a suitable way to punish the conniving widow. Tell him his hair was beautiful, would she? Did she say such things to every man she met? And did she snuggle against their throats like a purring kitten when they picked her up? At this thought, Ranulf barked a laugh. Not many of the puny weaklings he had encountered in this overrated metropolis would be capable of lifting Lady Floss—much less carrying her into her house and up two flights of stairs! As he recalled how comfortably she had fitted against his body, Lord Ranulf’s heart pounded. She was meant for him, the treacherous witch, and he would have her! He had figured her correctly in the first place. She had been out for whatever she could get! And apparently she had no scruples against stealing her own niece’s fiancé from her—in front of all London! His jaw clenched with his rage against such a ruthless female. No punishment would be too great for her!

By this time, Lord Ranulf had abandoned rational thought and was behaving exactly as his berserker ancestors had usually done—on the impulse of whatever emotion currently swayed them. Reaching his rented house, he gave orders that his gear was to be packed immediately, his bills were to be paid, and his servants were to take themselves back to Malyon Keep with all dispatch. When his valet dared to ask if his lordship would be accompanying them, he received a blast of furious denial that effectively silenced him.

“You will request the grooms to prepare Thor for me, and you will pack only essentials for my journey into the saddlebags,” Lord Ranulf ended crisply.

While his orders were being carried out, Lord Ranulf donned his riding costume and slung a heavy coat over his shoulders. The plan he was beginning to build would involve some rather rough travel, including nights on the road. There was one big hurdle to be taken initially, however. He must get the treacherous widow into his grasp and out of London without anyone seeing the action. It was not his purpose, Lord Ranulf thought righteously, to embarrass the poor little niece or ruin her chances with her matrimonial prize. In fact, he decided in an excess of self-congratulation, his action in quietly removing the wicked aunt would probably make certain that the proposed marriage would be allowed to go through.

Lord Ranulf assured himself that the worldly-wise Glendon could handle the matter once the treacherous widow was rendered incapable of practicing her witchcraft. And the master of Malyon Keep, descendant of a score of Vikings, was exactly the man to master a witch!

In fact, now that he came to think of it, there was nothing that would give him greater pleasure!

Milord’s wide, wolfish smile would have struck terror into Clea’s heart if she had seen it at that moment.





Chapter 17



Lady Floss swept into the darkened bedroom where Clea lay resting. Just before the arrival of Lord Glendon to take them on the promised drive into the country, the younger girl had complained, most unusually, of a headache.

“Of course you must go without me,” Clea had told Floss sternly.

“But the drive was Michael’s idea to cure my headache,” Floss had protested. “And I haven’t got one now. But you do! So of course it is you who must go with him—” Her expressive little face drooped at the thought of missing her treat.

Clea chuckled in spite of the very real pain in her head. “Of course you must go, ninny,” she said fondly. “You know the man is besotted with you!” She sighed. “You’d better accept the fact—which all London seems aware of!—that you were made for each other. Try to work out some acceptable resolution of the situation during your drive—if you can find time to think about anything but each other!” she ended with a sly smile.

Floss, torn between delight at the idea of the earl’s being besotted with her and fear that her darling niece might be hurt by the contretemps in which they found themselves, smiled, sighed, frowned—then hurried off to check on her appearance.

After she had heard the rumble of a deep voice and the sound of a closing door below, Clea sat up wearily in the bed. Her aching head was the result of a sleepless night during which she had debated interminably the advantages and dangers in every course of action she could think of. In vain. She could come to no solution that would not hurt at least one of the protagonists. She finally decided that the only possible action was for her to run away to some obscure village in the north of England, and, once there, to hire on as a maid in a busy inn. Having thus removed the complication of her presence from Lady Floss’s life, her darling little aunt could have, at last, a measure of the happiness fate had so far denied her.

Clea did not consider why she had chosen the north of England for her goal, nor, in fact, did she consider that a bustling coaching inn might not be the ideal spot for a disappearance. She was dressing in the soberest of her new gowns—a dark amber wool she particularly liked—when young Debbie appeared in the doorway with a folded note.

“Mos urgen’ he says it is, Miss Clea!” the girl gasped. Living in this household was a source of never-ending terror and delight to Debbie. “He wouldn’ wait for an answer!”

Clea dismissed her with a word of thanks and opened the note apprehensively. If any ill-natured person was trying to hurt Floss . . .!

The note was brief and written in a hasty scrawl.





Lady Dearborn,

Your niece has been injured in a carriage accident. Come to No. 7 Andress Place at once.





There was no signature.

Snatching up her reticule—for who knew what physicians might have to be paid or what medicines purchased—Clea ran down to the front door. Debbie appeared, agog to learn what she might of this latest emergency.

“Lady Floss has been hurt! I am going to her at once,” Clea called as she ran down the front steps and scanned the street eagerly for a cab.

It was not until she was seated in the dark, rather moldy smelling interior of a coach that had most fortuitously been dawdling down the street that Cleanthe began to wonder why her intelligencer had mistaken the dainty Lady Dearborn for her huge, ungainly niece. Hastily she searched for pockets of the cape she had snatched up. No note. She had forgotten to bring it!

Dear Heaven, grant that she could remember the address given! Had it been Andrews? Anders? No! Clea clasped her hands anxiously as she tried to remember.

Andress! That was it! No. 7 Andress Place! She thrust her head precariously out of the tiny, glassless window and yelled the address in a most unladylike fashion.

To her relief, the driver immediately increased his pace, rattling the ancient vehicle over the cobbles with reckless zeal. At a less urgent moment, Clea might have been either frightened or annoyed at the jehu’s furious pace. As it was, she was merely thankful for his speed.

When he finally drew up before a very pleasant mansion on a side street, Clea was ready. She thrust the coach door open and climbed down without warning for the driver to assist her. Making sure that the number on the neatly painted facade was a seven, she flung a large bill toward the jehu and ran up the shallow front steps.

The front door opened as she approached it.

Clea ran in and turned anxiously to ask for her aunt.

“Lady Dearborn—” she began.

And froze into silence at the icily furious face of Lord Ranulf Malyon who seemed to think that she was introducing herself.

“I happen to know who you are,” the golden giant said grimly. “And what. Now that I have finally learned the depths to which a woman like you will descend, I have decided to make it my business to ensure that you do not destroy the happiness of your poor little niece as you did that of my cousin George. Now, do you come quietly, or do I bundle you up in a sheet?”

Quite forgetting the fact that to be carried off by the handsome Viking was the sweetest of her fantasies, Clea presented him with a glare of such outrage that he tensed himself involuntarily for a physical attack.

“How dare you threaten me, you—you barbarian?” Clea raged. “Was this all a vicious trick? Is—is she safe?”

The Viking’s heavy golden eyebrows rose a fraction. “You are trying to suggest that you care what has happened to your poor little niece?’ he sneered. “Is it possible you have some compunction in that hard, greedy heart of yours? Or is stealing her fiancé the extent of your nasty plot against her?”

For the first time in her life, Clea gave way to undiluted rage. With a single Amazonian stride, she approached her tormentor and kicked him on the leg with all her might. She then raised her fists—whether to slap or strike him, she had not yet decided in the heat of the moment.

Lord Ranulf’s explosion of anger overmatched her own. He seized both her wrists in his enormous hands and jerked her against his iron-hard chest. For a moment they glared, eye to eye, panting with rage, two sets of lips stretched across bared teeth in grimaces of fury.

And then Lord Ranulf surprised them both. He kissed his captive so hard that her head jerked back. With a growl of dissatisfaction, the berserker deftly transferred both Clea’s wrists to one of his great paws and placed the other hand supportively behind her head.

The ravaging kiss went on for a long time.

Finally Ranulf released the girl and stared into her dazed golden eyes with smug complacency.

“Do you wish to kick me again?” he asked softly.

Clea tried to pull her startled mind into some semblance of rationality. True, the blast of anger she had felt had unaccountably dissipated during the long kiss, but there was still much to discover before she committed herself.

“Is she safe?” Clea repeated her earlier question.

“You do care something about the poor child, then?” he taunted, but his words lacked the sting they had had a few minutes ago.

“More than you will ever be able to understand,” Clea muttered morosely. What was best thing to be done in this situation? she asked herself. Would it help or hinder to explain the truth about her and Floss? Would he believe her? He seemed determined to think ill of her! Frowning, Clea considered her course of action.

While Lord Ranulf stared at his nobly built companion with increasing suspicion, the girl tried to work out a plan. If this Viking marauder actually intended holding her captive, it would solve Floss’s problem. With the giant niece out of the way, the engagement of Lord Glendon and Lady Dearborn might proceed. But there would have to be some reasonable excuse offered for the sudden disappearance of Miss Cleanthe Bradford. Otherwise, the scandalmongers would soon be whispering that poor little Floss had murdered her huge rival!

“You find something humorous in this situation?” challenged Lord Ranulf, all his former suspicions back in full force. He seized Clea by the upper arms and shook her angrily. Why didn’t the maddening female speak? In his experience, women were all too prone to gabble at the least excuse—or even without any.

“What do you plan to do?” challenged the girl, glaring at him with an expression of calculated scorn. She must enrage him into carrying out his plan against her if Floss were to be given time to win her beloved lord. Somehow, after that kiss, the thought of being carried off to a northern keep by her splendid Viking did not seem at all disagreeable. However, if the arrogant creature guessed her feelings, he would naturally change his own plans, which seemed to include punishing her personally as well as saving Aunt Floss from her wicked wiles. Clea nodded sharply Opposition! That was what marauders longed for. How tame it would be to try to conquer a groveling foe! She donned her most scornful expression.

“If you have quite finished this childish display of playacting, perhaps you will tell me the meaning of your charade,” she said coldly.

It was enough to inflame the already exacerbated temper of her companion. “I intend,” snarled Lord Ranulf, “to make very sure that your selfish scheme fails. And to do that, I shall remove you from London until your little niece is able to secure her happiness with the Earl of Glendon. And how do you like the sound of that charade, madam?”

Trying hard to conceal from the fulminating Viking just how much his plan pleased her, Clea asked, reasonably enough. “Has it occurred to you that my friends in London, to say nothing of . . . my niece, may be wondering where I have got to?”

Lord Ranulf laughed nastily. “Oh, you will leave a note saying that you have decided to enjoy a refreshing sojourn in the country with one of your admirers—”

“Stupid,” said Clea unforgivably. “To say the least, such behavior on the part of an aunt would ruin the chances of her niece to achieve a suitable marriage. Can you not picture the relish with which Lady Glendon would spread the scandal of Lady Dearborn’s defection?” Her scornful laugh rang out.

Heavy blond eyebrows drew down over furious steel-blue eyes. “You need not seek to move me from my purpose with your petty excuses,” Lord Ranulf hissed between set teeth.

“Somebody had better instruct you in the probable consequences of your foolish behavior,” sniped Clea, greatly daring.

It was too much. With a berserker roar, Lord Ranulf strode forward and swung the maddening female up into his arms. Carrying her up a flight of stairs with dazzling ease, he flung her onto a bed, and before she could recover her wits, he forced a piece of clean linen into her mouth and tied a heavy linen scarf around her face.

“As you will discover,” he informed her furiously, “I have already arranged a suitable course of action.” While he spoke, he was tying her wrists and ankles firmly with other strips of clean linen laid ready on the bed.

When he had completed his task, he straightened his enormous body and stared down at the wide-eyed, well-trussed body of his victim. “That should hold you until we reach Gretna Green,” he announced complacently. “By the time I have you there, you will find yourself amenable to any suggestion I may care to make, believe me!” After delivering this leveler, the Viking left the room.

Clea did not know whether to laugh or to weep. Gretna Green was well known as the goal and haven for couples desiring to be married without tiresome legal or ecclesiastical procedures. In fact, it was a refuge for eloping pairs of lovers. Clea could hardly credit that the Viking, however angry at her, would be willing to commit himself that completely to a female he said he despised. For though the rites performed in the Scottish border village—handfasting over the blacksmith’s anvil—were accepted as legal and binding, they were surely not what a person of Lord Ranulf’s consequence would wish to submit himself to.

And yet, she told herself, shivering deliciously, they were a perfect way to solve the problem Lord Ranulf thought he had. Forcing herself to stop picturing herself standing with the blond giant in a sunlit smithy, her hand clasped in his large hand. Clea set determinedly to work to consider the implications of this outrageous action upon the important person in the triangle—Lady Floss. Would a nine days’ wonder like the elopement of her niece, already betrothed to the Season’s greatest catch, harm Floss Dearborn’s chances of marrying the earl? As honest as she tried to be, Clea could not see that the sudden defection of a niece could harm a modest, well-behaved female like Floss. Surely the ton—or those of them who counted—would rally to the support of so sadly put-upon a guardian? Naïve as she knew herself to be, Clea could not believe that Lady Dearborn would be ostracized for her ward’s flighty behavior, especially since she would have the support and affection of the Earl of Glendon. At worst, the earl and Floss might have to wait a few months until the gossip died down, but surely, as long as the culprits did not seek to reenter the beau monde, Lady Dearborn and her true love could marry without blame?

Clea sighed with satisfaction. Now there was only her own position to be considered. Did her domineering, predatory Viking really intend to marry her at Gretna Green? It seemed a rather overpowering solution to the problem, like pulling down a building to dislodge a mouse!

Laughter bubbled up irrepressibly in Clea’s throat at the idea of likening her large person to that of a mouse. In spite of her present helpless position on milord’s bed, she knew herself to be, for the first time in her life, truly at ease with another human being. With Lord Ranulf she did not have to look down or moderate her motions, which were awkwardly large in a world set up to accommodate smaller, neater persons. Her Viking looked over her in all his massive beauty; larger than ordinary humdrum life, wilder, freer . . . challenging her by his very presence to give her utmost response.

Clea shivered again involuntarily, then drew in a deep breath, filling her lungs with air as her spirit tentatively stretched and spread its wings. Ranulf wanted a worthy opponent, did he? Then she would provide him with one! And Heaven grant that he did not change his mind!

With the worthy purpose of aiding Heaven in every way possible, Clea set herself as considering what provocative behavior on her part might best ensure that the Viking would indeed continue in his arrogant, marauding ways.





Belowstairs, Lord Ranulf was decisively preparing for the kidnapping from an elegant London mansion of one of the Season’s most talked-of visitors. First he dismissed the jehu after purchasing from him his lumbering old coach at a price that had the fellow grinning from ear to ear. When the fellow had disappeared down the street, Lord Ranulf mounted and drove the coach around to the stable in the mews behind his rented mansion. The stable was empty now of all but Thor, who was annoyed at having been ignored for several hours. Tying the indignant animal’s reins to the back of the coach, Ranulf returned to the house and mounted the stairs to the bedroom where he had left the mercenary widow.

A little wary of the thrust of pleasure he felt when he beheld her large and attractive frame stretched out on his bed, Ranulf assumed his most disapproving expression.

“I am ready to leave now,” he stated coldly. “Will it be necessary for me to keep you bound and gagged, or have you accepted your fate?”

Clea was ready for him. Matching his arrogance with her own, she indicated with an angry glare that it was impossible for her to reply to his overbearing insolence adequately while bound and gagged. The dastard had the bad manners to laugh at her red face and staring eyes.

“Yes, I see that you are perhaps not best pleased at your situation, and in view of the choler I observe in your countenance, I think it wiser that I do not unbind you until we are well out of the city. So, madam”—bending, he heaved her easily up into his arms—“your carriage awaits!” And still chuckling reprehensibly, he bore Clea down the stairs and out to the stables. There he placed her carefully into the malodorous coach and packed blankets and pillows around her. Surveying her with a wicked gleam in his eyes, he tipped his golden head to one side.

“I had better tie you in,” he decided. “The roads are rough, and I really do not wish you to arrive at Gretna Green covered with bruises.”

He proceeded to bind Clea’s body upright in the coach by tying a rope from one side of the framework to the other.

During this maneuver, the girl’s determination to continue defying her abductor wavered. Surely the brute did not mean to keep her tied up in this moldy carriage all the way to the Scottish border? At once, her common sense denied the supposition. He was testing her, challenging her to plead with him for mercy! Clea set her jaw firmly. There would be no begging, no capitulation, from Cleanthe Bradford! Let the cruel Viking do his worst!





Chapter 18



By the time three hours had passed, Clea’s mood had suffered a drastic change. For one thing, the old coach jolted and rocked over the cobbles and along the rutted roads until the girl could have screamed at the discomfort and nausea she was experiencing. And as the physical torment increased, Clea’s temper rose. Far from being a game or a challenge, Lord Ranulf’s behavior now seemed to her to be a sadistic expression of male arrogance.

By the time the coach lumbered to a jolting stop, Clea was ready to murder the cruel, unfeeling male who held her captive.

He will have to release me when he enters the inn, she told herself. He will not dare to leave me tied up in this wretched coach in a public stable!

But moments passed and Clea could not hear the sound of voices or of any activity outside her coach. Ye gods, is he going to leave me here to die? the girl thought in a sudden panic. She thought of Aunt Floss and wondered what sort of letter Lord Ranulf had sent to explain Clea’s disappearance, if indeed the fiendish creature had bothered to write one at all.

These despairing musings were suddenly interrupted when Lord Ranulf himself flung open the door of the coach and began to untie the ropes that held his victim securely in place. The unexpected appearance of her tormentor allayed the worst of Clea’s fears but did nothing to sweeten her temper. Her eyes blazed at him above the gag; her body was tense with anger and pain.

Her captor observed these signs with an unpleasant smile. “I shall not apologize for the discomfort you have suffered,” he told her. “You have brought it—and much more—upon yourself by your actions. However, if you promise to be sensible, I shall release you long enough for you to wash yourself and eat some food before we resume our journey.”

Clea regarded the insensitive giant with loathing. It was her firm intention to create a commotion that would destroy the creature as soon as he untied her. But the dastardly nobleman was still one jump ahead of her. He hoisted her over his shoulder and bore her into a wretched hovel of an inn where a dour-looking man stood behind a filthy bar. This fellow completely ignored them. Lord Ranulf carried Clea up a set of very shaky stairs to a small, dirty room that contained little more than a bed and a washing commode. He tossed her onto the bed in a very cavalier fashion and proceeded to untie her.

“I shall give you fifteen minutes to take care of your comfort, and then I shall bring food into the room. When we have eaten, we shall resume our trip to the border.”

Without waiting to hear any comments she might wish to make, Lord Ranulf went out and closed the door firmly behind him. It took only the sound of a key in the lock to unleash the full fury of Clea’s rage. She spent the next five minutes hammering on the locked door and shouting for help. While this was a satisfying activity, it produced no response.

Then common sense prevailed, and Clea, mindful of Lord Ranulf’s ultimatum, made haste to attend to her immediate needs and improve her appearance. Of course, there was no mirror in the miserable little room, but she washed her face and endeavored to straighten her tangled mass of hair with her fingers. She had just begun to look for her reticule when a key turned in the lock and the door swung open. Her abductor entered, bearing a large tray on which there were several dishes. Since there was no table, he was forced to place the tray on the bed. With a smile that roused Clea’s fury, he said, “Eat, woman.” Then, sitting on the bed, he proceeded to follow his own advice.

Clea glanced around the tiny room to see if there was anything she could use as a weapon.

Grinning, the brute seemed to read her mind. “I advise you to eat something if you are hungry. We are setting out again as soon as I have finished, and it may be quite a while before I stop again.”

Seething with bottled-up fury, Clea plumped herself down on the side of the bed opposite of her tormentor and began to eat. She had not expected much from such a rundown inn, but the meal, though simple, was surprisingly good. Almost before she knew it, she had finished the contents of her plate and was looking at the tray to see if there was anything more.

Lord Ranulf grinned heartlessly. “That’s it,” he said callously. “Perhaps if you are very well-behaved, I’ll stop somewhere for breakfast. Are you ready to leave?”

Clea gritted her teeth. “I am surprised you do me the courtesy to ask,” she snapped.

The villain laughed, “Not broken yet?” he taunted. “Oh, well, we have time.”

He walked over and held the door open in a mockery of gallantry.

Involuntarily the girl glanced at the linen strips that he had used to bind her.

“I shan’t need to use those now,” her captor said mockingly. “I’ve traded our elegant carriage for a mare for you to ride. As long as you behave yourself and follow me, I shall not tie you up again.” Then his expression hardened. “If, however, you give me any trouble at all, if you try to escape or to attract attention to your plight, you will be very sorry indeed. And that is a promise. Do you understand me?”

And for the moment, Clea, tired and a little frightened by the sudden cruelty in the man’s expression, had not the strength or the courage to defy him.





At about the time Lord Ranulf and his prisoner were leaving the wretched inn, a troubled Lady Dearborn was discussing Clea’s disappearance with the earl and Lady Bowser. The only piece of real evidence they possessed was a very enigmatic note that had been delivered the previous afternoon. It had been addressed to Miss Cleanthe Bradford, and read:





My Dear Niece,

Lord Ranulf Malyon has made me a most flattering offer—one which I cannot resist! He is leaving at once for Malyon Keep, and has urged me to visit what may be my Future Home with him!

Lady Bowser will find you a suitable duenna until your marriage to the Earl of Glendon renders it unnecessary for you to have one. I believe my presence in your life has complicated it. Please be happy.

Aunt Florence





“What sort of nonsense is this?” stammered Lady Bowser. “You are here, Floss! Surely you did not write this . . . farrago?”

“Of course I didn’t!” retorted Floss. “That’s not my handwriting—nor is it Clea’s! And I never sign myself Aunt Florence! So aging!”

Lord Glendon interrupted ruthlessly, “We know that Clea has been lured out of town by some means. The only person I am aware of who has mistaken one of you Dearborn women for the other is that oaf Malyon. I should have shot him when I first thought of it!”

“But why has he lured Clea away—or me, I mean? I was not aware that he had a tendre for me—oh!” One hand went up to cover the rosy mouth in a gesture of shock. “He is smitten with Clea! I know it!”

“Then why kidnap her and address this absurd note to her at the same time?” argued Lady Bowser, who was growing more confused by the moment.

“Because,” answered Lord Glendon grimly, “he has listened to the scurrilous gossip that is circulating in the ton and decided that the naughty Lady Floss is attempting to seduce her poor niece’s fiancé.”

Lady Bowser stared from one nodding head to the other. After a moment, she said crisply, “Well, what do you intend to do about it, Glendon? For I do not think Lady Floss will have any practical suggestions!”

Floss ignored this unworthy thrust. Bewilderment was being replaced on her pretty countenance by the dreaded ‘planning’ look. Her companions regarded her with alarm as she announced, “We shall not need to do anything! Ranulf has fallen in love with Clea. I am sure she will manage to marry him, since she already feels deeply attracted to him. In fact,” she concluded happily, “all turns out for the best! Now you can marry me, Michael!”

Lady Bowser groaned, and Lord Glendon gave his totty-headed little love a pitying glance. The man spoke first.

“We can do nothing until we have thought of a way to break my engagement to your niece publicly without ruining her reputation.”

“But can you not just announce that she has run off with Lord Ranulf?” began Floss. The, catching sight of the frowns that descended on the faces of both her companions, her bright smile was slowly replaced by a look of despair. “But of course,” she chided herself, “that would be enough to ruin her in the eyes of the ton, would it not?”

Lady Bowser tried to comfort the disconsolate Floss. “You and I shall follow Clea to Malyon Keep at once, dear child. We shall set it about that we three—including Clea!—are going to visit George Dearborn’s heir at his special request. I defy the fellow to deny my story! My word still carries some weight in the beau monde!” The light of battle faded from her countenance as she added practically, “That way we can rescue Clea without scandal. We’ll go down to my home in Sussex afterward. That’ll keep both of you out of sight until the Season is over.”

Although he granted the wisdom of Lady Bowser’s advice, Lord Glendon found himself surprisingly reluctant to lose touch with his charming little widow for several months. Dammit, some other fellow was likely to snap her up, some bucolic bigwig or county cavalier! The very thought of his darling little Floss again subjected to the crude insensitivity of a hunting squire quite put the earl into the sullens.

Of course, Lady Bowser, that old campaigner, soon noticed his ill humor. “Have you a better idea, milord?” she challenged.

“I think I had better go with you,” Lord Glendon announced as though it were a great sacrifice. “Two ladies embarking upon such a long journey without a male escort? Not at all the thing!”

In the face of Floss’s glowing gratitude at the earl’s self-sacrificing offer, Lady Bowser stifled her impulse to laugh and said all that was proper.





Chapter 19



The trip north was proving to be very different from the painful battle Lord Ranulf had envisioned. For one thing, after the first long, wearying, day-and-night’s journey with only the single stop to change from the wretched coach to horseback, things had suddenly become easier. His captive had not indulged in the tantrums he had anticipated, nor had she tried to seduce him with tears or butter him with recriminations. Instead, she had spent the dark hours riding silently beside him along the less-traveled roads he had chosen. On the second day they continued to travel lanes and side roads, stopping only to eat and refresh themselves briefly at an obscure little inn. The second night they found themselves a barn, where her captor unrolled a blanket for each of them on a bed of fragrant hay and did not even bother tying up her wrists or ankles before he tended to their horses.

Clea, still silent, watched him. When he had made the horses comfortable, he turned to the girl.

“Are you hungry?” he asked.

His voice was so cold that involuntarily Clea shivered.

“No,” she answered briefly.

Lord Ranulf was burrowing in his saddlebags. “You will eat,” he announced. “Plaintive martyrdom does not move me.”

This unwarranted attack fired up an anger that Clea had been too tired to express before. “I am neither plaintive nor feeling like a martyr,” she snapped.

The Viking grinned nastily. “Give me time,” he said, but his actions during the next few minutes refuted the girl’s theory that he was about to begin tormenting her again. Quietly he laid a clean napkin on her lap as she sat on the hay. Then he placed a wrapped sandwich on the napkin and said in a firm voice, “Eat.”

The food was surprisingly tasty: fresh-baked bread, rich farm butter, and slices of roasted beef with peppercorns, which he had apparently secured at the little inn. Clea demolished every crumb and looked up at length with a sigh of satisfaction to catch Lord Ranulf’s mocking smile.

To her own surprise as much as his she grinned back at the nobleman. “That was good. Now, if you had only had enough foresight to bring something to drink—”

Even as she spoke, the irritating fellow was rummaging in his saddlebag for a bottle. As he wrenched off the cork, he told her, “We shall not bother with cups or glasses. First you may drink, and then I shall.” He held the bottle out to her.

Rather injudiciously, since she was very thirsty, Clea tipped the bottle up to her mouth and took a large swig. Fire burned down her throat and spread through her upper body. Gasping, she managed to say, “Cohnyahk! It is that fiery stuff you gave me once before!”

Lord Ranulf laughed heartlessly at the coughing the girl could not suppress. “It warmed you once and made you . . . very amenable, as I recall.”

Glaring suspiciously at him, Clea took another mouthful and said in a toplofty tone, “Oh, I shall not allow the stuff to confuse me as it did before! I am aware of its properties and do not intend to be taken in again! I must have been very tired that night—”

“And you are fresh and full of lively spirits this evening?” milord inquired smoothly, watching her expressive face.

“Evening?” Clea was momentarily distracted. She hated to admit to him that for her the last few hours had passed in a sort of daze of exhaustion. She peered around her. Through cracks in the walls of the huge old barn, long streaks of golden light were lancing, making dizzying patterns of the dust and chaff that floated in the air as Thor and the mare stamped and shifted uneasily in their strange quarters. “Why, so it is! We shall be in Scotland before you know it,” she added, a very mischievous action suddenly presenting itself to her weary mind. “Will you mind very much giving up your freedom?”

If she had not been so tired, or so full of good food and cognac, or so relieved that his lordship was evidently not planning to torment her further at the moment, Clea would probably never have conceived of, or tried to execute, the daring plan that had just occurred to her. It was, in brief, to appear so eager for the marriage that the nobleman would draw back in alarm and release her. For Clea was sure Lord Ranulf did not really wish to marry her—perhaps did not even intend doing so—but was merely using the dash to Gretna Green as a means of punishing the widow or protecting her victim.

So now, in the hazy golden glow of twilight, the girl glanced up at her captor with a smile sparkling with mischief . . . only to encounter a hard, intent scrutiny that at once startled her out of her little game.

“You are concerned at my loss of freedom?” he asked harshly.

“I—I naturally supposed you might be,” stammered Clea, caught out by his unexpected reaction to her joking comment.

Although the intent gaze did not waver, a wide, cruel smile stretched his well-shaped lips. “I can see several advantages in the situation when the bride is you, madam,” he said in a dark voice that immediately set Clea’s nerves to jangling.

“Advantages?” she heard herself repeating in a voice whose childlike tone of surprise disgusted her.

“Oh, yes,” said her tormentor softly. “When we are married and I have you secure in Malyon Keep, there are a number of things that I shall find . . . pleasurable.”

Clea swallowed nervously. The situation was getting out of hand. Surely this fierce nobleman did not intend to ally himself with a woman for whom he had shown such deep contempt? She stared at him soberly.

“I am sure you are teasing me—or that this is another way of meting out punishment for what you think I have done, but I assure you—”

“Do not bother trying to bamboozle me, Lady Dearborn. I was not born yesterday. It is disgustingly evident that you envy the success your little niece has had in catching herself a rare prize in the marriage stakes. Of course, one sees why she was more successful than you—”

Unable to beat the cruelty of that comment, Clea lashed out blindly, “If you think so little of me and my chances in the marriage mart, then why have you bothered to interfere in my affairs? A sensible man would have left the matter in the capable hands of Lord Glendon, who is certainly not attracted to a great lump like me. You are a fool to abduct a graceless female—”

“Enough!” roared Lord Ranulf. For some reason he could not identify, the expression on the girl’s face caused him a sharp pang of distress and made him feel contemptuous of his heavy-handed tactics. Even if she was all that his rancorous informants had suggested, she was a woman and surely deserved gentler treatment at his hands!

Lord Ranulf did not stop to wonder why this woman, among all the females he had ever met, should arouse such extremes of passion in him. He had lashed out at her in anger with a judgment she most certainly deserved, yet at her stricken look he had felt a veritable monster and now found himself anxious to soothe the pain he had obviously given. He stood above the woman, glaring down at her with uncomfortable concern.

She was crying! Two great tears were sliding down the soft cheeks, and more moisture made her great golden eyes glisten like rare jewels. Milord took a deep breath. This must stop, he warned himself, clutching desperately at his usual cool disdain for the female sex.

Before he could make a comment, however, the woman had lifted her hands and childishly wiped the tears from her face. “I am sorry,” she whispered. “It was just that your . . . remark hurt so much. . . .”

The nobleman groaned silently and cursed his own heavy-handedness. Before he could offer an apology, Clea went on quietly, “I think it is time we talked. There is something you do not know, Lord Ranulf.”

With a feeling akin to horror, Lord Ranulf Malyon realized that the woman was going to tell him something that would put an end to this mad journey. And he did not wish that to happen! She would try to convince him that the gossips lied; that she was not setting out lures for her niece’s fiancé; worse, that she was actively promoting the match and her absence from London might actually delay or end it! He could feel a sweat of anxiety bursting out on his forehead at the thought that with a few words this noble female would force him to put an end to their relationship!

He stopped her speech with an insufferably arrogant gesture. “Do not say another word. I am tired and wish to sleep.”

The girl frowned at his abrupt withdrawal. “But my lord, it is something you would wish to know—”

“Silence!” roared the Viking in his most masterful tones.

Clea had had more than enough of this man’s insolence. “I shall not be silent, you monster!” she shouted, her voice almost as loud as his. “I demand that you listen to some facts that will change your whole attitude in this matter!”

Lord Ranulf groaned inwardly. He had been right in fearing that her disclosures might end their idyll before it had even begun! Would a show of force stop her from spoiling everything? He strode forward and seized her shoulders in a grasp of iron. Then he bent and took her lips, which were parted with astonishment and anger, with his.

It was the most earth-shaking kiss he had ever experienced. It went on until Lord Ranulf’s head began to whirl and his knees threatened to buckle. Almost reluctantly, he lifted his golden head and glared down into the wide, glazed golden eyes so close to his.

“Now will you be quiet?” he demanded fiercely.

“What?” asked Clea dreamily, reluctant to return from the world of exquisite pleasure into which her Viking’s kiss had plunged her.

The marauder grinned with delight. His kiss had affected her as much as it had him, then. Good! It was clear to him in that magic moment what the safest—and best!—argument was if he wished to convince this lovely creature to do as he said. And just to make sure that she accepted his decision, he bent his head and kissed her again, taking the precaution of drawing in a deep breath first to sustain him through the exercise.

Clea did not offer any argument.





Chapter 20



When Lord Ranulf finally raised his head, he took a deep breath and stared down with complacent pride at the dazzled satisfaction on the woman’s face. It was still turned to his, as it had been during the kiss. Long dark eyelashes rested softly against rosy cheeks, hiding the large amber-gold eyes that so attracted him. The glorious mane of white-gold hair had worked its way out of the snood in which it was usually confined and was flowing down over his arm in a shining wave. Lord Ranulf was just transferring his proprietary gaze to the graceful neck and the soft, tantalizing swell of breasts when the heavy eyelids lifted and the glowing golden eyes met his possessive glance.

Slowly a wave of delicious color swept up to bathe the woman’s face as she realized how unrestrained her behavior had been. If he had not known better, Lord Ranulf would have been very sure that this girl was still a maiden. Her air of confusion strengthened the illusion.

Clea met the admiring, complacent gaze honestly.

“I am Clea Bradford,” she said quietly. “I permitted you to think I was Lady Dearborn so that I could protect my aunt against the ill will you said you felt for her.”

She waited, quiescent in his arms, for his judgment.

Lord Ranulf tried to come to terms with this new, upside-down situation. His task was the harder because he still held the delicious woman close to his chest. Clasping her thus, he was sharply conscious of the differences in the male and female anatomies. He was tempted to explore the delightful differences more thoroughly, but was diverted from this dangerous course by an impatient wriggle on the part of his captive. It was obviously an attempt to get his attention; it certainly served that purpose. The big man caught Clea in a tighter grip and played desperately for time.

“You are not getting away from me so easily,” he told her firmly. “If I believed you, which I do not, I should require to know much more about the deception you have just admitted to practicing on me. I should ask you why you maintained the hoax when there was no longer any need for it; when I had forgiven you—that is, Lady Dearborn, if you are not she—for her ill treatment of my poor cousin and had even carried an inebriated woman back to her house and put her to bed—”

During this unfair and confusing speech; Clea’s body had been stiffening in the nobleman’s grasp as her temper rose. By the time he had alluded to his scandalous behavior in her bedroom, Clea had decided to ignore the wonderful feelings the creature seemed able to arouse in her whenever he touched her and concentrate on the outrageous things he was saying.

“I am Clea,” she announced in the face of his evident disbelief. “And you had no right to make me drunk and then carry me off to my bedroom!”

“You enjoyed it very much. And so did I,” said the shameless creature, smiling at her in a way that brought a blush to her face again. Lord Ranulf observed it with satisfaction. “If what you say is true,” he drawled, ignoring her efforts to squirm out of his grasp, “what threats did Lady Dearborn hold over you to force you to aid her in entrapping Lord Glendon? For it was officially announced in London that Miss Cleanthe Bradford had accepted the earl’s proposal. If you are engaged to the man, why does he escort your aunt so frequently? He was driving her in his curricle when I sent that note to you.” His heavy golden eyebrows drew down into a frown over eyes suddenly iron-hard. “Are you, in fact, engaged to him? If you are Clea Bradford, you must be!” He took his arms from around her, caught her shoulders in a fierce clasp, and shook her.

Clea did not know whether to weep or shout. The maddening creature had her at her wit’s end. Her reason told her that she had better get away from his disturbing presence as soon as possible, yet the feel of his big, hard hands on her shoulders sent a thrill of pleasure through her. She raised wide, beseeching eyes to meet his stern challenge.

“It is a long story, milord, and a tangled one. Will you do me the kindness to listen while I tell it to you?”

Lord Ranulf glared at her. She was such a charmer! He found her magnificent, statuesque body far more attractive than that of the fluffy little kitten who was her aunt—if this one was, in truth, the niece. He had a very deep fear that knowing the whole story might force him to return her to London. He was not sure he could accept that resolution to the situation with any kind of grace. But it was becoming clear to him that the matter must be settled soon, for he was becoming more entangled in the female’s act with every minute he spent in her presence. At this rate, it would not be long before he would be unable to part with her under any circumstances. He had visions of himself doing in earnest what he had only threatened to do as a ruse to get the girl out of London; that is, carry her off to Gretna Green and tie her to him with bonds that could not be broken.

And she would probably hate him for the rest of her life if he behaved in such a berserker fashion! Lord Ranulf sighed and accepted the civilized role. “Very well, I shall listen to your story. But the first thing I wish to hear is this: Do you, whoever you are, intend to marry the Earl of Glendon?”

He held his breath as he waited for her answer.

“Of course I do not,” Clea said crisply. “That was just one of Aunt Floss’s attempts to save my face in society.”

“This woman is dangerous!” muttered Lord Ranulf, but Clea noticed that his anxious expression had eased and a smile was softening the stern line of his well-cut lips.

As briefly as she was able, Clea related the details of Aunt Floss’s great plan to give the two women a little pleasure after the grim years at Dearborn Hall. “I know my aunt hoped to make a suitable match for me, and I, for my part, was reluctant to spoil her unselfish fantasy. I knew I had nothing to offer a beau of the ton.” She ignored his instinctive gesture of protest and added grimly, “As you were honest enough to remind me! Still, I longed to visit the museums and to attend the concerts—such a joy! At least I have had music, no matter what becomes of me now!” Clea ended with a sob.

Lord Ranulf was horrified at what he had done to this lovely girl. He was trying to find some way to excuse his gross brutality when the girl collected herself and went on.

“We were offered the sponsorship of Lady Bowser, who had taken my grandmother and mother. She sent the earl to invite us to a dinner party. Our new clothes and our rented house were paid for by the money you instructed your lawyer to pay Aunt Floss for the Dower House,” she inserted grimly, recalling the charges he had made against Aunt Floss.

Lord Ranulf was remembering them, too, and wishing with all his heart that he kept his mouth shut—or cut out his tongue before hurting Clea so deeply. So powerful was his self-condemnation that he hardly attended to rest of her story. He was recalled to the present situation by the sound of her voice challenging him.

“Well, milord, are you satisfied that I am Cleanthe and that my engagement to the earl was a desperate ploy on the part of a loving aunt to save face for her ugly, awkward niece? And that a very gallant Lord Glendon agreed to go along with the pretense until the Season was over so that I should not be humiliated?”

Lord Ranulf groaned. He was still holding the girl in his arms, but his clasp was light and tentative, not fiercely possessive as before. He knew he should release her before he began his apologies, but somehow he could not bear to do so. After what had occurred, she might never permit him to come close to her again. The very thought of riding all the way back to London beside her, which, of course, he must in all honor do, without ever touching her again, filled him with a new and powerful despair.

“Clea,” he began slowly, and searched the lovely face so wonderfully close to his. She was perfect for him, dammit! he raged. The right size, and the right feel in his arms, and the taste and scent and warmth of her were what he had been missing all his life! “Clea, I cannot let you go.”

There, it was out!

The girl considered his startling statement with slowly widening eyes. She was reluctant to believe that her difficult Viking knew what he was saying. I cannot let you go. It was the stuff of dreams, a fantasy come true, unbelievable! That this splendid creature with his golden mane and his hawk’s nose and his piercing eyes that could warm amazingly until they seemed to burn into her very soul . . . this wonderful, big man who actually towered above her own six feet and made her feel small and delicate! And now desired! Could she believe him? Why was he saying this?

She asked him.

Lord Ranulf groaned with frustration and shook his difficult love once, sharply. How many ways could a man tell his destined mate that he loved her, desired her above all things, could not live without her and still retain his reason? Surely he had made all that clear?

He frowned down into her worried face. He was making a botch of it, he feared; yet what more did the girl want? For the first time in his life, Lord Ranulf wished he had spent more time—any time!—learning how to deal with females. And then, really seeing her dear, anxious face so comfortably close to his own, he had an inspiration. He would appeal to her womanliness, let her take the lead! Women knew all about such things, didn’t they? He put on his most beguiling face, remembering how he had felt when he wanted his father to buy him his first horse.

“Dear Clea,” he coaxed softly, “I need you so much! I cannot endure life without you!”

Then he stared intently down into her sweet countenance, trying to judge whether the ploy had worked or not.

For her part, Clea was in a quandary. She could not help suspecting the new, wheedling note in her Viking’s voice, quite unlike any approach he had ever made to her. And yet, if it were true. . . ! If indeed he did need and love her enough to wish to marry her?

At this point, the worldly sophistication to which she had been exposed during her brief visit to London took charge. With a sense of enormous depression, Clea realized that his lordship had not mentioned marriage. Was he offering her a carte blanche? She raised her beautiful eyes to his in anguished question.

The nobleman was quickly aware that his chosen woman was in some doubt about her answer to his question. She does not love me, he thought, groaning. Then, scanning her worried expression, he was a little comforted to realize that, had she been merely wishing to refuse him, she would have had no such difficulty as she was presently experiencing. Grimly he faced his fate.

“Are you going to marry me or not?” he demanded.

The dawning delight on Clea’s face forever removed his fears.

“Oh, yes, Ranulf! I should like that above all things! May we be married at once? Before dear Floss gets me engaged to someone else? For I suspect she has more than a tendre for Lord Glendon, but she would not take him from me and leave me without a fiancé. In full sight of the ton, I mean. So she will be looking about for someone else—” she babbled.

“Quiet,” instructed her new fiancé gently, and then he silenced her in a way that was very satisfactory to them both.

By the time Lord Ranulf had assured her of his undying devotion and secured her pledge of her own, it was dusk in the old barn. The newly affianced man peered around him with great dissatisfaction.

“Why I ever picked a place like this for us to spend our first night—” he began morosely. “It is scarcely fit for the horses, to say nothing of ourselves.”

Clea considered the problem gravely. “It will be very uncomfortable,” she agreed. “Now that we have settled our differences, can we go on to an inn?”

Lord Ranulf pursed his lips. “It would not be suitable for us to share a room, or even to be lodged at the same time at a public hostel without a chaperone,” he advised her firmly. He must look after his wonderful love very carefully; it was clear to him that she had little idea of how to look after herself.

“Do you wish to proceed to Gretna Green at once, then?” the girl asked. It was a wonderful feeling to be so cared for by this great, beautiful male!

Her Viking shook his head. “Too far for us to ride in one night. And the same applies to Malyon Keep. I cannot wait weeks to be alone with you and to have the right to love you as I wish,” he said discontentedly.

Clea gazed up at him with adoration. “Whatever you say,” she breathed. She had never been in love before; it was a marvelous experience, she decided, especially when one knew one’s love was returned!

The man gave her a suspicious glance and then grinned delightedly. “It is clear you intend to be a biddable wife,” he told her. “I think I shall like that—to begin with.”

Slowly the look in Clea’s golden eyes changed and sharpened with mischief. “You had best make the most of my docility while it lasts, milord,” she advised with a smile.

“You mean I may wake up one morning in bed with a virago?” teased her Viking. “I promise you I can handle her.”

“Do not be too sure,” his beloved warned him. “And now how do you propose to get me back to London without causing a scandal?”

“Watch me” boasted Lord Ranulf.





Chapter 21



As his luxurious carriage trundled northward toward Malyon Keep, the Earl of Glendon viewed his two female companions from under lowered lids. He was sitting with his back to the horses, having, of course, insisted that the ladies accept the more comfortable, forward-facing seats. The two women, so unlike in appearance, age, personality, and experience, had still managed to create a very restful, pleasant atmosphere during the two days that had so far passed. Lord Glendon thanked his lucky stars that an undertaking so liable to disaster had so far been most successful.

True, they were still a long way from the ancestral home of Lord Ranulf Malyon, to which they were sure he had taken Lady Dearborn’s niece. But with every mile that passed, the earl was more convinced that this joint effort to rescue Cleanthe Bradford was going to result in a bonus for himself. Dear little Floss was learning to trust him and to rely upon his judgment. And Lady Bowser obviously approved of Floss, of him—and any liaison they might make. As long, amended the earl wryly, as it involved a ceremony at St. Paul’s! Well, he was willing to accept even that if it meant that he might have the little widow for his own!

But first, of course, they must rescue Clea from her savage northern lord.

The ladies had drowsed off against the elegantly padded seats. The earl stared out the window at the serene landscape of tended fields, neatly trimmed groves, and charming old stone churches that made up his view. The setting sun was gilding everything in a gentle haze. Faced with all the beauty, the earl became aware that he was more than ready for his dinner. He glanced back at the ladies. It was time to he called a halt to the day’s progress and settled his passengers in some suitable hostel for the night. Lady Floss, who had exhibited real concern for the fate of her niece, might urge that they press on, but Lord Glendon was privately of the opinion that the Amazonian girl could look out for herself pretty well. From certain things Floss had said, it was more than possible that the massive northern nobleman had a soft spot for Lady Dearborn’s niece. Lord Glendon devoutly hoped so. The sooner the fellow married Miss Bradford, the sooner the Earl of Glendon could lay claim to the aunt.

His excellent courier had gone ahead of Glendon’s carriage to arrange for service at the best available hostel, and within the hour milord and his guests were settling comfortably in their rooms, preparing for a meal that was to be served to them in the private parlor of the establishment. The food was better than he had dared hope, and the wine was unexceptionable.

Lady Dowser, who was very much enjoying this foray into the country under such elegant conditions, sipped a glass of superb liqueur and nodded. “Run brandy, I should hazard.”

Lord Glendon agreed. “We cannot get this quality in London. One of the advantages of living in the country.”

“One of the few,” added Floss gloomily. “Sir George, however, refused to trade with the smugglers. He always said that no foreign brandies or liqueurs could compare with good Scotch whiskey!”

“Indeed?” commented the earl, his low opinion of George Dearborn confirmed by that chauvinistic statement.

Lady Bowser had just given the white-faced Lady Floss a long, considering glance. Now she rose and walked over to the younger woman. “It is past time you were in bed, my dear,” she said gently. “I’ll see you upstairs, child. Good night, and thank you, Michael. It has been a pleasant day.”

The ladies were halfway up the front staircase and Lord Glendon was standing at the foot to see them safely up, when the door leading from the stables was thrust open and two large figures advanced into the inn hallway.

The earl found himself staring at Lord Ranulf and Miss Cleanthe Bradford. When he noted the girl’s bedraggled appearance and weary countenance, he felt a surge of raw anger against the insolent giant who was, unforgivably, grinning at him. Lord Glendon strode toward the travel-worn pair. Only the thought that the two ladies now nearing the top of the staircase might be frightened or outraged at a public brangle kept him from challenging the abductor on the spot.

As it was, he confronted the mocking nobleman with a countenance of stone. “I shall deal with you as soon as I have seen Miss Cleanthe to her aunt’s room,” he snapped in a guarded voice.

Clea’s tired head jerked up at the threat evident in milord’s tone. She knew very well how she must look and quite understood the earl’s suspicions and anger, but she really could not suffer any heroics at this moment. So she took the initiative.

Facing the outraged earl, she said sternly, “You will mind your own business, Lord Glendon. This is my fiancé you are speaking to.”

Lord Ranulf was betrayed into a laugh at this smashing setdown, and the earl’s rage flamed fiercely. Who was this great awkward female to speak thus to him, when she and her savage cavalier had caused dear little Floss so much anxiety and pain? Ignoring her, he said between clenched teeth, “I shall meet you in the courtyard in an hour, Malyon!”

“If you do,” snapped the termagant, refusing to be ignored, “I shall tell Aunt Floss that you have ruined my only chance at a happy marriage, and then you will have to go through with that absurd scheme of hers and marry me! And how will you like that?”

The earl was compelled to admit that he would dislike it very much. He already had his own plans for a happy marriage and they did not include an Amazonian fiancée. He hesitated an instant too long and lost control of the situation—if he had ever had it.

“She has you outmaneuvered, I think,” commented Lord Ranulf judiciously. “I would suggest that you yield to force majeure and let my valiant shield-mate have her own way. She’ll get it anyway, you know! She’s got me tied hand and foot—and I love it,” he added hastily, with an eye on his belligerent darling.

The earl felt the necessity to make one more effort. He said in a louder voice than he intended, “I shall require you to attend me in the private parlor in one hour, Malyon. I shall have to hear a clear explanation of this abduction before I can permit you to pay your addresses to this lady. And as for you, ma’am, you would do better to remember that you are a lady and behave less like some lightskirt ragamuffin—”

“How dare you?” challenged the outraged voice of Lady Dearborn, sweeping down the stairs like a small lioness whose single cub had been threatened. “Can I believe my ears? What did you call my niece? No, do not repeat the vile canard!” She prevented his shocked mumble of apology. Putting her arm as far around her huge niece as it would go, she led the startled girl toward the stairs.

Lord Ranulf, taking pity on his erstwhile opponent, offered to explain the whole matter, using the wheedling voice that had served him so well with Clea.

Lady Floss was of a different metal. Silencing him with a lethal glare and a single, hissed “Savage!” she shepherded the reluctant Clea up the first two steps of the stairway.

The two men, observing her progress with varying degrees of alarm, were stunned to behold Lady Bowser standing at the head of the stairs, openly convulsed with laughter.

“If you could see your faces!” she gasped. “And also the faces of your audience,” and she gestured to the group of gaping yokels who were grinning and nudging one another at the door of the taproom.

It was too much for the arrogant earl, who had never had as much trouble with any woman, even his mother, as he had had with, and because of, this one small female. With a muttered curse, he turned and strode past the sniggering farmers and out the front door of the inn.

“Oh, what have you done?” wailed Floss.

“From what I was privileged to hear, the question should be: ‘What have I done?’ ” advised Lady Bowser, chuckling.

“But that’s exactly what I said!” protested Floss. “What have you done? We have lost the earl!” and she stared despairingly at the still open door.

“He’ll come back,” said Lord Ranulf. “You Dearborn women become an addiction. I myself do not ever expect to recover from you.” And he smiled at her with a gentleness that quite startled all three ladies.

“Will you go and get him?” begged Floss humbly. “Tell him I’m sorry I said anything to anger him?”

“But do not let him hurt you,” warned Clea. “He was very angry when he left.”

Then perhaps Lady Floss should go after him,” teased Ranulf, who was enjoying the whole affair a great deal too much for Clea’s taste.

Floss’s sudden smile was dazzling. “I should like that,” she confessed. “Where do you think he has gone?”

Lord Glendon suddenly appeared in the open doorway. It seemed he had not gone far, for he had certainly overheard the conversation. “Have you no sense at all? he berated Lady Floss. “What a totty-headed idea, to go out into the night in a strange village to look for—for . . .” His expression softened. “Would you really have gone after me?” he asked gently.

“I was afraid I had lost you,” Floss admitted softly.

It was as though no one but the two of them existed. The fascinated group from the taproom was following the exchange with avid interest. “Better than the Harvest Fair,” opined one watcher. Lady Bowser decided that the public display had gone on quite long enough and moved down to take command.

“The ladies will come up to my room,” she announced firmly. “We have had—and provided—enough entertainment for one night. In the morning, we shall all have breakfast in the inn parlor, at which time these private matters may be settled decently and in order.”

No one, not even the taproom group, approved of this Spartan decision, but Lady Bowser’s dignity was great enough to carry the day. It was a deeply disappointed party that wended its way up the stairs, and four of them at least were resolved to be in the private parlor at an early hour the following morning.





Chapter 22



A domineering Lady Bowser refused to listen to any excuses as she saw her two charges into bed. Her unvarying answer to requests, demands, and pleas was a firm “In the morning!”

Finally exhausted by their own emotions as much as by the rigors of traveling, aunt and niece were cuddled up in one vast four-poster, asleep. Lady Bowser looked down at the two widely dissimilar young women with soft eyes. They were darlings, both of them, but two more different females in person, manner, and behavior she had never seen. It was to be hoped that each of them would win through to the happiness she so richly deserved.

Lady Bowser definitely approved of Lady Floss and Clea.





In the private parlor below, two wary noblemen were morosely considering the excellent French brandy they were drinking.

After a lengthy silence, the earl said gruffly, “How else was I to act? You had run off with the chit—”

“Would you call her a chit?” asked Lord Ranulf doubtfully. “She seems to me to be larger than life, magnificent, rather than a wisp or a manikin.”

“I see I have met a pedant,” sneered Lord Glendon, but his heart wasn’t in it.

Lord Ranulf sensed his companion’s unwillingness to quarrel and acknowledged the truce.

“I suggest that we join forces,” he said with his wolfish grin. “I suspect that we are neither of us up to managing the Dearborn women on our own.”

Lord Glendon drained his glass and sighed agreement. He gestured to the host to bring another round. “What is you plan?” he asked cautiously.

“That you do not drink any more of this so excellent brandy tonight. We shall need clear heads to deal with Lady Duenna in the morning.”

Lord Glendon gave him a sour glance but admitted the wisdom of his suggestion and dismissed the yawning innkeeper with a generous tip. When the fellow had left them, the earl challenged his companion again.

“Well, what are we to do?”

“I am going to announce that Miss Bradford will marry me as soon as I can make the arrangements,” replied the Viking firmly. “I would suggest that you take an equally firm tone with Lady Dearborn. After all, Lady Bowser is neither their mother nor their guardian.

“She’s their best friend in London and has sponsored them graciously in the ton,” argued Lord Glendon.

The Viking quickly showed how little weight that argument carried with him. “It is my sworn purpose to get Clea out of London and away from its fashionable fribbles and flirts as soon as possible. She is mine, Glendon, and I shall not tolerate any attempts to get her away from me.”

Lord Glendon was not overtly alarmed by this fierce statement of ownership, since he had his sights on quite another quarry. “I shouldn’t think Lady Bowser would put many obstacles in your path” he soothed. “After all, it’s a damned good match for the ch—for the girl,” he amended. “And it’s plain as a pikestaff that she wants you.”

The pleasure this statement gave Lord Ranulf quite wiped out any resentment he might have felt toward his companion, “Yes,” he murmured, “Clea does seem to, uh, admire me. As much as Lady Floss dotes on you, in fact,” he added with his Viking’s grin.

In perfect charity, the two noblemen said good-night and proceeded up to their own rooms.





The following morning, when Lady Bowser’s maid entered her mistress’s room, she found that lady wide awake and in a benign temper. “You will go next door at once and help Lady Floss and Miss Bradford to dress,” she ordered. “See that they both look their best, please. It is an important day for them.” And she smiled like the cat who had found the cream.

“Oh, have we located Miss?” asked Flora, who had been asleep during the events of the previous night. “What a good thing you insisted that Lady Floss pack fresh clothing for her niece.”

“Just so. Now, get to work. Do not disturb me until after you get them both down to the parlor for breakfast.”

It was not necessary to awaken the young ladies, Flora discovered. When she entered their bedroom, aunt and niece were holding an anxious discussion, which they immediately ended, with guilty faces, as they realized they had an observer.

“I am come to help you dress for breakfast,” said Flora calmly.

“I cannot appear in my travel-stained garments!” wailed the larger of the two ladies.

“That’s no problem, miss,” soothed Flora. “Your aunt has brought several costumes for you.”

Thus reassured, Clea permitted herself to be dressed in a modish walking costume of soft bronze wool and to have her hair brushed until it fell in a magnificent mane down her back.

“He will like that,” promised Floss.

It was not necessary to name the gentleman who would be impressed.

In truth, any gentleman privileged to observe the two charmers—so different, yet each one lovely—who entered the parlor half an hour later would have been hard put to find any fault with either lady. Any fears on Floss’s part that the parlor might be empty were immediately dissipated. Actually, the room appeared almost crowded by the imposing persons of the two handsome men who advanced to meet the ladies with every indication of delight.

“Lady Floss!” said the more elegant of the two males, advancing and bowing over Floss’s eagerly extended small hand.

Clea’s Viking strode over to her, took her in his arms, pulled her close to his massive body, and kissed her hand.

When at length he raised his head to notice the smiling pair across the room, he said, deep-voiced, “I needed that!”

“So,” said Clea bravely, “did I.”

“It seems we have agreement,” Lord Glendon chuckled. “Now all that remains is to convince Lady Bowser that you are the best possible match for Clea.”

The Viking gave his glorious love a possessive look. “Let any man—or woman!—try to part us,” he intoned as solemnly as a vow.

Assessing the two huge, magnificent human beings before him, Lord Glendon smiled. “Who would dare?” he quipped.

Lord Ranulf had had enough of milord’s teasing. “Do you need any help in straightening out your own affairs?” he asked provocatively, his glance going from Lord Glendon’s face to that of Lady Floss, now blushing adorably.

“I can handle it,” the earl said with a warning glance.

The Viking had put up with a great deal of harassment in the last few days and was willfully determined to indulge his own sense of humor. He nodded judiciously.

“Being such a man of the world, you will know how to word the announcement that you breaking off with one lady in order to marry her aunt,” he mocked.

Both ladies looked very sober at this ill-timed jesting. But Lord Glendon rose to the taunt.

“Not as much trouble as you will face, my giant friend,” he said silkily. “For you will have to announce that you have stolen another man’s affianced wife.”

Neither of the men was grinning now.

Clea glanced from their set faces to the alarmed countenance of little Floss.

“You will stop this childish bickering at once,” she commanded.

“Or else?” demanded the earl dangerously.

“Or else neither of you will be announcing anything!” snapped Clea fiercely. “Do you wish to spoil the happiest moment of Floss’s life?”

“And of yours?” wheedled the Viking, staring with great satisfaction at his militant love. What a partner she would make! No feminine shilly-shallying or vapors or tricks here! Just straightforward, honest dealings such as a man could feel comfortable with! He had a sudden magic vision of Thor and the sturdy mare racing along the sands below Malyon Keep bearing two laughing humans. How her magnificent hair would toss in the wind like a banner! He hoped she would sing as they rode. She had such a sweet, strong voice!

He was recalled from this dazzling daydream by the feel of a warm pair of lips pressed demandingly on his own.

“You were not attending to me,” explained his Valkyrie, pursing her lips invitingly close to his. “You asked me if this was the happiest moment of my life,” she explained kindly. “I was answering you.”

“Answer me again,” wheedled the besotted Viking. “The same way.”

“I said it was not,” said Clea softly. Before he could protest, she went on, “The happiest moment of my life will be when you take me as your wife. And for the rest of our lives,” she added scrupulously.

“Oh, yes!” breathed the Viking, and began to kiss her again.

After observing this performance with interest, Lord Glendon turned to his own dear Floss. He took her small hand in his and looked down into the beautiful little face with barely concealed hunger.

“Are you going to let Malyon have all the happiness?” he challenged gently.

“How can he?” whispered lady Floss, “when I shall have it all myself, loving you . . . my dear lord?”

“How soon will you marry me?” he demanded. Visions of the dowager countess and her bitter tongue, and all the scandal-mongering that would begin when his broken engagement was discovered, filled him with unaccustomed dread. He had never really cared too much about vicious gossiping tongues, but he could not permit his little love to be hurt.

When he tried to explain something of his feelings, the “planning” look appeared on Floss’s charming features.

Having been warned of it, the earl waited anxiously.

After a moment, Floss’s dazzling smile lighted up her face. “I have just the plan!” she announced gaily.

“Some action that will protect us from the gossips?” Lord Glendon probed hopefully.

“Yes. We shall send Lady Bowser and Clea and Lord Ranulf back to London in your carriage—and we shall proceed to Gretna Green and get married. Then no one can find anything to say against us!”

Laughing so hard that he could not explain to his adorable little totty-head about the enormous error in judgment she was making, the earl found her proposition too enticing to be rejected. He would take his darling at her word, wed her romantically at the border, and thereafter be so happy with her that nothing anyone could say would ever mar their joy.

Lady Bowser soon put that fantasy to flight.





Chapter 23



There ensued a lengthy and occasionally acrimonious discussion. Finally, it was that wily campaigner, that knowledgeable man of the ton Michael, Lord Glendon, who solved their problem. Since neither of the young ladies could conceive of a greater joy than to be wed to her chosen cavalier, and since each of the noblemen desired no greater boon than to marry the lady who had chosen him, the only real obstacle seemed to be the undeniable furor that the unorthodox switching of mates would arouse in the beau monde.

“A nine days’ wonder won’t even be in it,” advised Lady Bowser gloomily. “I venture to predict that not one of you will ever be able to show your front in society again.”

“Do you mean we shall be banished to the country for life?” asked Lord Ranulf hopefully.

Lady Bowser favored him with an indulgent smile. “I dare say it will not trouble you, you northern barbarian, but your wife and children may wish to toddle up to town occasionally to enjoy the concerts and other civilized pleasures.”

Lord Ranulf was about to laugh off such a preposterous idea when a trace of wistfulness on Clea’s expressive countenance caught his attention. It was true: His future wife had a remarkable craving for music and books and even oil paintings. Could he deny her the freedom of the city for the number of years it would take for the scandal to be forgotten?

Floss had the happy thought they might bring the amenities of the arts to the country. “Michael can invite you both to Glendon and hire musicians to perform for us. And we can come and visit you at Malyon Keep, Clea and . . .”

“The arts do not flourish in my neighborhood,” Lord Ranulf informed them. “The closest we get is the amateur theatricals presented by old Lady Carless and her cronies every Christmas. Harrowing.”

“I doubt whether my dear mama would permit an orchestra to perform at Glendon Hall,” admitted Lord Glendon uncomfortably. “She has rather settled in there, and I have been content that she have the run of the place while I live in London.”

Since the very thought of spending time with the countess appalled everyone present, even Floss had to admit that her plan was not a good one.

Lord Glendon squared his splendid shoulders and smiled tenderly down at his little love.

“I may have a solution,” he began slowly. “Since the thing that will keep gossip alive is the titillating idea that someone may have stolen someone else’s betrothed, then we must demonstrate that no one is being, ah, left in the lurch. No matter which couple marries first, the other couple will be viewed as having been rejected.”

“Bound to be,” agreed Lady Bowser gloomily. “Cast off. Abandoned. Repudiated. Unloved.”

“Oh!” breathed Floss, conscience-stricken already.

The earl beamed at her. “But if we four were married on the same day, in the same place, in the same ceremony?” he suggested.

“Then no one of the four could be said to have been rejected or abandoned!” exclaimed Floss triumphantly. “You are brilliant, Michael!”

Lord Ranulf, inspired by this stroke of genius, proposed that the double ceremony be held at Malyon Keep, since its northerly position would make it difficult for anyone but a few invited guests to crowd in to view the proceedings. Even wary Lady Bowser gave generous praise to the scheme, and the gentlemen exchanged grins of mutual congratulation. Then, while the others were busily implementing the details of the ceremony, the earl caught Floss’s eye and gestured unobtrusively.

She followed him quietly out of the parlor and up the stairs to his room.

When he had her safely inside, Lord Glendon locked the door. “Since we have Lady Bowser’s sanction on our marriage, I feel I may have a private word with you without scandal,” the nobleman began.

“Oh, yes!” agreed Floss. She would have agreed if her beloved had said the moon was made of pink silk.

“It has occurred to me,” Lord Glendon continued, “that I have not, in fact, actually asked you to become my wife and the future Countess of Glendon.”

He stared at her small, worried, pretty face sternly. Never could it be said that Glendon had failed in any courtesy to his beloved. This must be a moment to be remembered!

Floss swallowed hard. What was the matter with her wonderful nobleman? And then she thought she had it. He was shy!

“Will you marry me, milord?” she asked softly.

The earl seemed startled. Then he smiled indulgently. Foolish child! She was afraid of losing him. “Of course I will. Nothing could stop me! But I must ask you. It’s the custom, you know.” He stepped forward and took her small hand firmly in his. “Lady Dearborn, will you do me the honor of accepting my hand in marriage?” he said formally.

“Nothing could stop me,” Floss echoed his earlier comment, and what her echo lacked in formality it gained in sincerity.

The earl decided that this was going very well. He bent and kissed her expertly. Somehow, with this little witch, even a kiss had a special savor. His mind boggled at the possibilities.

“I think I can learn to enjoy this very much,” Floss smiled when she had caught her breath. And then, dimpling up at him happily, she added, “Your mama will be so pleased to have you off her hands and settled at last!”

Lord Glendon gave a shout of rueful laughter and kissed the rosy lips again. While he was doing so, he realized that no matter how irrelevant or outlandish her remarks might be, thanks to this adorable little totty-head he would never have to fear his formidable mama again.





Coda



A month later, two splendid figures galloped along the beach below Malyon Keep at sunrise. Above them loomed the ancient castle, gilded by the dawn light. To their right, the North Sea glistened gold, celebrating the beginning of their new life.

Ranulf glanced across at his lady, who was mounted on Valkyr, the magnificent white mare he had found for her. Clea rode well, he thought proudly, as she did all things. At his special request, her lovely hair, unbound, streamed in the wind of their passage, a silken banner—just as he had dreamed of it. Ranulf treasured the bright happiness in her face as, laughing, she rode beside him.

Even Thor seemed to have accepted the situation and was beginning to make overtures to Valkyr for a closer equine understanding.

Ranulf’s joyful laughter rang in the crisp morning air. “Wife!”

Clea met his ardent look with an answering smile.

“What is it?” she called almost breathlessly. Her new husband set a demanding pace! “What do you want now?” And she grinned like a haughty urchin.

“Sing for me!” commanded her Viking.

Even after the night they had just spent together, he could not quite free himself from a lifetime of stern self-restraint, a wariness—although his Clea was fast showing him how wonderful mutual trust and openness could be. He could not yet share with her the vision he had had of this very scene, however; of the two of them pounding along the sand together, riding north, as free as a pair of adventurous Vikings setting out toward the unknown.

Yet he knew he must have the dream fulfilled, in all its freedom and beauty, as a talisman for their future life together.

“Sing for me, my wife!” he commanded again, but his dark eyes, blue as the northern sky at dawn, beseeched.

Clea caught her breath at the raw hunger she glimpsed in her husband’s gaze. Without a thought of denial or false modesty, she lifted her voice in the old love song “Greensleeves,” which she had changed to suit her heart.





“Ranulf was all my joy,

Ranulf was my delight,

Ranulf is my heart of gold . . .”





Shouting his satisfaction, Lord Ranulf raced along the beach beside his own true love, his dream joyously fulfilled.





LORD RANDAL’S TIGER





Elizabeth Chater





To Ken Fait

Tiger! Tiger!





Table of Contents Lord Randal’s Tiger

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17





Chapter One



Lord Randal Beresford was in a vile temper.

This condition would not have been apparent to many members of Milord’s acquaintance outside of his mother and his old nurse, both of whom had known him from a child and could therefore read even the faintest of signs: the slight rigidity of his handsomely flared nostrils, the imperceptible narrowing of the eyelids over his dark eyes, the faintest of white lines around his well-cut mouth. Since neither of these ladies, nor his best friend, Sir Peter Daley, was present at the Dog and Duck Inn at Smoulton, a wretched village with no claim to beauty or style, there was no one to mark his lordship’s potentially explosive state in time to prevent disaster.

That his lordship’s rage was directed in part toward himself did nothing to relieve the pressure. The previous evening, under the influence of a particularly potent brandy, Lord Randal had wagered a very large sum of money upon the outcome of a pugilistic encounter to be held just outside the aforesaid village of Smoulton. The other side of the wager had been taken by Sir Jerold Peke, a presumptuous demi-beau who should never have been admitted to the august salons of White’s club. The fact that Peter Daley had taken his friend to task, not for betting with an encroaching mushroom, nor for the excessive amount of the wager, but for his stupidity in backing the challenger rather than the champion, had led to an acrimonious discussion with Daley in which a number of youthful quarrels had been referred to and refought.

As a consequence, Lord Randal went very late to bed, and what with the liquor and the heat of his quarrel, made a poor night. Forced to rise at dawn to drive to the boxing match with a severe headache, he snapped his groom’s head off when that faithful retainer, bringing round his curricle, first announced that it was sure to rain, and then so far forgot himself as to inquire, incredulously, if it was true that his lordship had been such a gapeseed as to back a sure loser in today’s match.

At this point, Milord told Fenn where he could go, and drove off without him. Threading his way with practiced skill through the streets of London, Lord Randal mentally consigned to Perdition all long-time false friends, all servants who thought they had a license to criticize just because they had known one for donkey’s years, all untrustworthy liquors, and all puffed up demi-beaux who thought themselves judges of the Fancy.

After a couple of hours in the fresh air, however, Milord, feeling slightly better, began to regret his hasty action in dispensing with Fenn’s services. This regret was changed to anger when Lord Randal realized he had neglected to inform himself as to the correct route to the obscure and probably unattractive village where the mill was to take place. Fenn would of course have known—it was his business to discover such routes—but Fenn was back in London.

At this point, Lord Randal drew rein in a small hamlet, and asked directions of a Johnny Raw who further exacerbated Milord’s temper by giving him confusing directions and, upon being challenged, saying that anybody but a knock-in-the-cradle would know how to find Smoulton, since there was a mill on that very day, and the road ahead was packed with every kind of carriage in the kingdom.

Looking beyond the narrow village street, Milord immediately discovered that the road into which it led was indeed packed with vehicles, all going one way. He was able to insinuate his own curricle into the line, not without some pretty ruthless jockeying, which earned him a stern reproof from a nattily-dressed gentleman, to which he paid absolutely no attention.

Flushed with this minor success, Lord Randal began to relax. True, his curricle was hopelessly locked into the press of vehicles, and the progress of the mass was annoyingly slow, but he was on the right road and would no doubt arrive in Smoulton in time to eat and freshen up at the inn and then, restored by a modest pick-me-up, proceed to a good seat at the boxing match.

At this moment, in a stunning demonstration of Fenn’s prescience, the heavens opened and poured down a flood. A curricle offers no protection from the elements. Within minutes Lord Randal was completely drenched, soaked, and sodden. The press of vehicles crept forward with monstrous deliberation, a line of snails, worms, tortoises. Men inside carriages smiled pityingly. The rain continued to fall.

After an eon of crawling wretchedness, the cavalcade—or at least that section of it in which Milord’s curricle was embedded—arrived at the miserable village of Smoulton. Naturally the place, which offered second-rate accommodation for fewer than one hundred, was jammed with several hundred Top-of-the-Tree sporting bloods, all of whom demanded first class lodging and food without delay. Lord Randal permitted himself a self-satisfied smirk at his own forethought in reserving a bedroom and meals in the better of the two inns Smoulton boasted. To his chagrin, he discovered that his room had not been kept for him, the scoundrelly landlord loudly protesting that he had never received the reservation.

“I am to suppose that someone has offered you a bribe,” sneered Lord Randal. “I shall know better than to stay here again!”

The landlord, well aware that this descent of The Quality upon his mediocre hostelry was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, was not cast down by this threat, only inquiring with intolerable smugness whether his worship would wish to be accommodated in the attic room. “You’ll have to share it with three other gentlemen, of course,” he concluded briskly.

“I should not stay in this wretched hovel if you paid me,” Milord was petulant enough to retort.

Since all his rooms were quadruply rented, and even his attics, barn and stable were engaged, the landlord’s withers were not wrong. “Then, sir, I wish you good luck,” he said, grinning unforgivably.

Driving to the lesser of the village’s two inns, jostled by freshly-arriving vehicles and young bloods on horseback, Lord Randal could imagine Fenn’s comment on people who bit off their own noses to spite their faces, and was not soothed by the truth of the aphorism. In point of fact, he was, by the payment of an outrageous bribe, able to secure one half of a bed in a room which looked out onto a pigsty, with the reluctant promise of a luncheon before and a dinner after the mill. With these doubtful blessings Milord was forced to be content. He knew none of the other guests who crowded the miserable hostelry, nor did he wish to do so. He even entertained the idea of pulling out for London immediately after the mill, but such was not to be. By the time the fight was over, twenty dragging rounds in an open field under continual downpour, Milord knew himself to be coming down with a racking cold, and even the crowded misery of a fetid room shared with strangers was preferable to a long drive through the rainy night. The meal, greasy meat and underdone vegetables, was climaxed by a doughy fruit pie which was completely inedible, some hard cheese, and an inferior port. Disgusted by the stout appetites and cheery demeanor of the sportsmen at his table, all of whom had hacked the winner, Lord Randal retreated to a shadowy corner of the taproom, now full of other celebrating gentlemen who had chosen to place their blunt on the champion. Nursing his drink, his cold, and his chagrin over his own losing choice, Milord sipped at his wine as though it were vitriol, and regarded the festivities with a jaundiced eye.

There were two tables of cards already in play, and young men flushed with success and liquor were betting outrageously and noisily. After a time, Lord Randal rose and strolled over to watch the play at one table. In his present mood, the lack of skill of the gamesters pleased him; he watched one weedy youth, demonstrably foxed, who was playing his hand with inspired incompetence. Such expensive stupidity aroused no pity in Milord’s breast; rather, he felt the stupid fellow deserved the trouble he was getting himself into. His opponent was a burly, red-faced man much older than the others at the table. As the worthy raked in the incompetent’s last few coins, he was heard to complain rancorously that if Callon’s pockets were now to let, he had better vacate his seat for someone who could play and pay.

The weedy youth bridled at this summary dismissal, and was understood to say that he’d got one more thing to wager, namely his signet ring.

This was solemnly placed in the center of the table, and after a rather careful examination, was valued at five pounds, and duly wagered. The inevitable confiscation of this final bauble by the burly man having duly taken place on the next hand of cards, the youth was once more requested to give up his chair.

“No, no, m’sister has money in her ‘ridicule.’ I’ll just go up and get it,” whined the hapless loser.

Lord Randal’s lip curled. Now the burly man would pour scorn on his companion and, hopefully, oust him with menaces. It would be something to lift the tedium of the most disappointing day Lord Randal ever remembered experiencing. He waited with some anticipation the casting out of Callon. Instead of taking immediate action, the burly man paused to stare at his victim.

“Your sister you say?” Since his speech was considerably slurred by the indentures he had been making in Mine Host’s dubious brandy, the burly gentleman’s speech did not sound as it is here reported, but rather “yer-shister-yu-shay?” It was, however, quite understandable. Callon said eagerly:

“She’s a poor little dab of a girl, but she does have some blunt saved up. If you’ll wait, I’ll get it!”

This was going too far even for a cynical misanthrope such as Milord Beresford, who waited for the burly man to castigate the wretched brother. Instead of which, the burly man was understood to say that if Callon thought the blond charmer he’d seen him with earlier was a poor little dab of a girl, he must be out of his head.

“Oh, that one’s not m’sister,” Callon hurried to inform him. “That was one of the muslin company who attend these meets in the hope of attaching a winner,” he leered, presenting the veritable picture of a jumped-up mushroom with his affectation of a man-of-the-world air. He called a waiter and instructed him to desire his sister, Miss Chloe Keith, to present herself at once in the hallway, with her reticule, on urgent business.

Lord Randal was suddenly sickened by the whole affair. What was he doing in this miserable mélange of cits and rogues, pigeons and tricksters? He caught some vague questions about the discrepancy in the names of Callon and his sister as he was looking about for a table on which to place his glass. Apparently the chit was a half sister only. Milord knew a fleeting pity for the wretched little dab being choused out of her savings by a conscienceless half brother, but the matter, after all, was none of his business. He made his way slowly through the crowded taproom toward the main hallway, and finally emerged into its gloom—for the landlord had no need to present a welcoming light on this of all nights!—just as the front door swept open and Milord’s opponent, the victorious Lord Peke, swept into the inn with two other men with whom Lord Randal was slightly acquainted.

Lord Randal drew back into the shadows, setting his teeth. It lacked but this to make today the worst it had ever been his bad luck to live through. Already he could hear the taunts, the drunken jibes and laughter, the mocking aspersions on his ability to choose a winner. Unbearable! For the first time in his life, Lord Randal ran shy. Fading rapidly into the background, Milord sought and found the steep and narrow backstairs, ran lightly up to his wretched shared room, snatched up his portmanteau, which he had not had the heart to unpack, and ran down the back stairs to the kitchen and out to the stable.

This building, although grudgingly lighted by two lanterns, appeared at first to be empty. Milord made his way slowly past the crowded stalls until he recognized his own two high-bred beasts jammed into one single stall. This set his already precarious hold upon his temper quite aside, and he indulged in a blistering oath.

This was followed by a gasp. Since Lord Randal had not made the sound, nor had his horses, Milord was aware that he had an audience for his ill-temper. Hoping that it was a stableboy who could help him in putting his pair to the curricle, he peered around in the semi-gloom.

Backed into one corner under the loft he beheld a slight, small figure which clasped to its chest an untidy bundle of clothes. All that Milord could distinguish of the face was a small white triangle set with the biggest pair of eyes he had ever seen in a human face. “Just like a cat!” was his lordship’s first thought, and then, as he perceived the garments the figure was wearing, “My God, it’s a girl!”

The little figure straightened bravely and came forward to face him. She held in her arms what Randal was able to see was rough breeches and a pair of rather down-at-heel riding boots. Over one arm was draped a heavy frieze coat. The small pointed face looked up at him steadfastly, and a low voice said,

“I am compelled to run away, you see, and it is dark and wet and—cold—and I think I would do better dressed as a boy.”

A suspicion was beginning to form itself in Milord’s mind, but he really did not wish to involve himself in an imbroglio which might have distressing repercussions. So rather cravenly he replied, “Yes, well, that is surely your own affair and I can have nothing to say in the matter. Pray forgive me for frightening you!”

To which the girl replied gently, “Indeed, sir, you did not frighten me! I admit I was a little startled by your—obvious displeasure at finding your horses so crowded. But they are a gallant-hearted pair, and are making do with their cramped quarters like the thoroughbreds they are!”

Much struck by this comment, Lord Randal gave the child another, more searching glance. “And how,” he said, with the smile which had quite devastated female hearts in the Beau Monde, “do you know they are making do so gallantly?”

“Why, sir,” the girl answered, with a shy smile of her own which struck Lord Randal as remarkably sweet, “I have been talking to them and giving them a bait of corn. Our host is either very clutch-fisted, or very forgetful. He had not seen to their feeding.”

“You entered that crowded stall to feed Thunder and Lightning?” queried Lord Randal incredulously.

“They know I meant them nothing but good,” the child advised him firmly. “I have an—affinity with horses.”

Startled out of his normal politeness, Milord gave a burst of laughter. The girl did not seem surprised.

“Very few people accept the truth of my claim until I have proved it to them. In fact, I have made my living since my uncle died by working with the riding horses in the area where we lived. I have saved enough money to take me to London, where it is my intention to set up a school for the training of children to ride properly, and a stable of horses suitable for their use.” She displayed a small handbag of the sort popularly known as a reticule. It seemed pleasantly full.”This was to get me to London, see me established in some moderately-priced, decent lodging, and support me until I can make my dream a reality.”

“Yet you are, I believe, about to don a disguise and escape into the night,” suggested Lord Randal, cursing his own stupidity in involving himself in the problems of a strange female, yet somehow unable to prevent the words. “I wonder if you might be Miss Chloe Keith?”

“That is correct,” said the self-possessed child. “I have been aware since I set out from Grange Holt that to permit my stepbrother to accompany me was a grave mistake. Not only has he insisted upon stopping at ever second inn to quench his thirst, but he begged that we break our journey in this uncomfortable place last night in order that he might attend the—er—mill which took place this afternoon. To make matters worse, he demanded that we remain tonight so that he might increase by gaming the small legacy left him by my uncle. I myself had grave doubts of his being able to do so, but he had already won a sizable bet on the champion this afternoon, and nothing could deter him from ‘riding his luck,’ as he called it, tonight.” She sighed. “He has had a dull life, and I pity him, but I made up my mind tonight while I ate my dinner in the kitchen to avoid the high spirits in the dining parlor, that I must leave him and make my own way to London. To this end, I purchased the Sunday suit of one of the stableboys, and came down to take one of the horses.”

Lord Randal, who had been smiling at this rather pedantic account of the child’s circumstances, suddenly turned grave. “That, Miss Keith, was an ill-advised decision. Horse-stealing is punishable by—”

“The horses are mine,” said the child gently. “Also the coach. They belonged to my mother. I was merely giving my stepbrother a lift to London.”

“But can you prove that?” persisted his lordship. “After all, you are a very young lady, and it will be judged that you are under your brother’s protection. I regret to have to tell you, but Mr. Callon seems to have lost all his money, his signet ring, and may even now be wagering your coach and horses, if he has remembered their existence. When I left the taproom, he had just sent a waiter to summon you to bring down your reticule for his use.” Meeting her stricken gaze, he added, “He is quite drunk—beyond reasoning with.”

The huge eyes held his for a moment with dismay, and then the child said firmly, “I shall have to hurry, then, shall I not? For I must tell you I do not relish the thought of an argument as to the ownership of my savings with Reggie, if he is shot in the neck!”

Grinning involuntarily at the slang, Milord nodded agreement. “Which are your horses? I’ll find you a saddle and get one ready while you change over there. Unless you would rather trust yourself to my protection, and permit me to deliver you to whatever lodging you have chosen in London?”

Whatever the child would have answered, Beresford never knew, for at this instant the door of the kitchen was thrown open, and the landlord and two other men hurried out toward the stable. Lord Randal recognized the weedy youth just as Chloe gasped, “It’s Reggie!”

“Get back into the shadows!”snapped Milord, and went at once to his own cattle. When the landlord came blustering into the stable, closely followed by Callon and the waiter who had been sent to find Miss Keith, Lord Randal had already led his mettlesome pair out of their crowded stall and was in process of harnessing them to his curricle, which had been carelessly trundled against one wall out of the way.

“Now what’s to do? Who told you to—” began the landlord, angrily.

Milord had turned on the landlord a glance so icy that his words caught in his throat. “The local magistrate will hear of your behavior, Host,” said his lordship sternly. “Accepting full stabling fees for thoroughbreds and then cramming them into one stall without feeding them! If they have been injured in the slightest, I shall have you up before the Sessions!”

Suddenly taken aback, the landlord began to cringe and make excuses, but Milord would not hear him. “I have no wish to discuss anything with you. My lawyers shall let you know what my decision must be.”

In some alarm, the landlord signaled the waiter to assist his lordship with the harnessing. Lord Randal permitted this, but without further conversation. After a few minutes the wretched Callon ventured to ask a question. “While you have been here, your honor, have you seen aught of a girl?”

Lord Randal stopped what he was doing, turned, and ran his gaze over the weedy youth from his untidy hair to his muddied boots. Then, still without speaking, he turned back to his horses.

Embarrassed by this cut direct, the youth cast a half-hearted glance around the shadowy stable. With some difficulty he recognized the ancient coach in which he and his half sister had come to the inn, and saw beyond it the two horses which had pulled it. He touched the landlord’s arm.

“My—my coach is still here. Perhaps my sister is spending the night with one of your maids. She was not at all comfortable in the truckle bed in the room we shared last night. Would not even remove her cloak.” He turned and drifted back toward the inn.

The landlord seemed glad of a legitimate excuse for quitting Milord’s company. He walked quickly after Callon. “Here, now, young sir, I’ll not be letting you knock up the maids if they’ve gone to bed. Your sister will appear in the morning, I’ve no doubt.”

The waiter finished his part of the harnessing and peered at Lord Randal. “Will there be anything else, your honor?” he said insinuatingly.

“Yes. Get out,” snapped Milord, so fiercely that the fellow scuttled out of the stable without claiming the tip he had hoped for.

Waiting long enough to assure himself that the unwelcome company had indeed gone, Lord Randal said softly, “It is safe to venture forth! They are back inside the inn.”

Close behind him he hears a small voice, “Thank you, sir! You have been a friend in need! I wish I might in some manner repay you for your kindness.”

Milord turned to perceive a small and not too clean urchin in well worn boots and breeches and a coat a little too big for him. This grubby apparition was revealed to be Miss Chloe Keith only by the sight of the huge, anxious eyes and the bundle of female garments which she clutched to her chest. The final disguising touch was the small cap into which she had thrust her hair.

Rather reluctantly, for he was already having second thoughts as to the propriety of the step he was taking, Lord Randal said slowly, “I believe I must suggest that you do not attempt to remove one of your own horses from this stable, for I have suspicion that Mine Host will have one eye to the crack in the shutters to see if indeed Miss Keith might be attempting to run off with her brother’s horses.” He tried to smile. “So will you do me the honor, ma’am, to permit me to drive you to London? My horses are rested, and thanks to your care, well fed, and should not make too much of the journey. And since it is night-time, your presence in my company will not be a matter of conjecture or even comment!”

The child regarded him. Then she said, equally quietly, “That seems to be the best solution of the situation into which I have gotten myself. My half brother has the direction of the place to which we are going, and can probably get my coach there with my luggage by tomorrow night.” She nodded her head decisively. “Thank you. I shall be most grateful.”

Deeply thankful for her lack of feminine hesitations and vaporings, Milord handed her up into the curricle. “It might be as well for you to crouch down,” he suggested. “Uncomfortable, undignified, perhaps; but less likely to draw unwanted attention, don’t you think?”

Her smile surprised him with its sweetness, as she deftly curled herself in a very small ball at his feet. Within a moment Lord Randal had taken the reins and guided his pair out of the stable and through the muddy yard to the road.





Chapter Two



A mile or so along the road to London, Lord Randal pulled up his pair and assisted Miss Keith to rise and seat herself beside him. He had been surprised and pleased at the child’s behavior—her poise and calm acceptance of the exigencies of her situation were far from what he would have expected from one of her sex. Perhaps, he considered, it was her youth and inexperience which allowed her to act so sensibly. More like a boy than a girl, he decided, congratulating himself that, since he had quite accountably placed himself in a position of benefactor, the recipient of his philanthropic activities should be causing so little trouble. With an ironic smile at the comments his friends would utter if they ever learned of his Good Samaritanism, he addressed the child pleasantly.

“I have your name, Miss Keith, but I believe I have not told you mine. I am Beresford. You may call me Lord Randal, and I shall call you Chloe.”

There was a moment of silence and then the small voice said, “Thank you, Lord Randal. You have been very kind.”

Was there a hint of amusement in the child’s voice? Milord told himself to be thankful she was playful rather than lachrymose, but what cause for laughter should his name afford? He continued, “I have been thinking that it would be most imprudent to deposit a child, especially a female, alone in a strange lodging, so I shall take you home with me to Beresford house, where my housekeeper, Mrs. Tilley, will take very good care of you until we can ascertain that your brother has indeed arrived at your hostel. I expect this plan will meet with your approval?” he ended, casually.

“Perhaps not quite,” objected the small voice, the hint of amusement now quite apparent. “You see, I cannot picture the good Mrs. Tilley approving of Lord Randal Beresford introducing a young lady dressed as a stableboy into the no doubt irreproachable halls of Beresford House. I am twenty-one years old, your lordship, for all I am such a poor little dab of a female.”

“Good God!” was all that his lordship could find to say.

Miss Keith chuckled. “I thought that might bring you to change your plans, sir! I shall be most obliged for your assistance to London, and will warrant to take myself off to my friend’s home without further imposition upon your kindness, at the first staging inn we come to in the metropolis.”

For some reason Lord Randal did not at all find himself pleased with the situation. Most uncharacteristically he had put himself to the trouble of offering aid and succor to a child in a difficulty, only to find the child a young woman of marriageable, and therefore compromisable, age. For as wily and practiced an evader of all the traps and hazards of the Marriage Mart, this could be disaster. He drove in silence for several minutes, and then, turning testily toward his guest, said in a harsh voice, “I wish you had told me this earlier!”

The chit seemed to be awake upon every suit, for her next remark, delivered in a tone which set Lord Randal’s hackles at the rise, was, “Sir, you do not need to fear me. No one but you and I shall ever know of your kind gesture. No unfortunate results will befall you. Be easy, Lord Randal, and let us get to London as quickly as possible.”

Hardly knowing whether he was more reassured by her calm and sensible attitude, or appalled by her unmaidenly grasp of the situation and her calm adjustment to it, Lord Randal tooled his pair along the dark and exceedingly muddy road in silence for several minutes. A slight rain beginning to sprinkle down did nothing to add to the tone of his mind, and he allowed himself to sink into a depression. What a wretched start it had all been! The ill-advised bet, for one thing, which had set this whole unfortunate journey in train! The money involved was less than nothing to a man of Milord’s wealth, but to have shown himself so far afield in judging the qualifications of a pugilist was a sad blow to Lord Randal’s generally acknowledged nous. And then the sly mockery and impudence of the landlords of these wretched inns, the disappointing mill, the rain—! And lastly this flight by night to London, with all its unpleasant overtones of the clandestine, since he was accompanied by a young woman in questionable circumstances. Milord groaned involuntarily.

His mood was not lightened by the chuckle of laughter he heard from his companion. “Oh, Lord Randal, do not permit your spirits to be daunted by this absurd business! I promise you, you have nothing to fear from me, and who else is to know—?”

“I should imagine every postboy and hostler from here to London,” snapped the irate nobleman.

“That is being foolish beyond permission,” retorted the young female, “for how should any such persons be aware of my presence in your curricle if we do not stop at any inns or posting houses?”

The incontrovertible wisdom of this remark did nothing to endear his guest to Milord. It might have been pleasanter to have had to soothe the alarms of a gently-bred female than to accept the implied criticism of this most unfeminine girl.

“You put me very strongly in mind of a governess my sister and I once had,” said Lord Randal sourly.

Again that boyish chuckle. “Reggie thinks I am bossy, too,” the quiet voice confided. “You see, I have had to get in the way of managing for myself for so many years, that I cannot take time to soothe ruffled feelings and sensibilities.” There was a sigh from the darkness beside him. “I fear it is a sad lack in me.”

Lord Randal had the enraging conviction that this creature was laughing at him. Since he could not think of a retort which might at once deflate her pretentions and indicate his own superiority, he forbore to reply. His temper, however, was clearly understood by the high-bred air, who took instant exception to the harshness with which he gave them, quite unnecessarily, the office to get along. Plunging across the muddy road, they shifted the pole to which they were harnessed so that the whole curricle itself slid and slithered in the thick muck. With a horrid sense of inevitability, the curricle caught against a milestone and tipped into the ditch. Unfortunately, Lord Randal’s head struck against some random obstruction, possibly a large stone, and he lost consciousness.

Miss Chloe Keith was in one sense more fortunate. She was obliged to suffer a partial ducking in a ditch full of rainwater and mud, but her senses remained alert. Checking quickly that Lord Randal, though unconscious, was clear of the water and unlikely to drown, she went at once to the horses. Whatever magic she was able to employ, she first quietened them, and then brought them to a sense of their obligation to their master. Within a short time, (having set them free of the harness), she had them back on the road and standing with unusual docility while she made a closer examination of their master’s plight.

This was soon perceived to be very serious. Chloe could feel the rapidly-swelling lump on Milord’s head, and his breathing was shallow. She managed to get him out of the ditch and leaning against the capsized curricle. Since the rain was now coming down heavily, it was obvious that he must not be left in the road unconscious while she went for aid.

Chloe brought one of the horses over beside his lordship. Cautioning it quietly against any sudden moves, she wrestled very hard to get the gentleman up across the horse’s back. Although she was a strong young woman, and had exercised hard all her life, she found her strength unequal to the task. By this time she was beginning to have strong fears for his lordship’s health, for he had not recovered consciousness. Glancing around in the near darkness, she noticed the harness straps. As gently as possible, she fastened one end around Milord’s body under his arms, and the other end to the second horse. Then, with infinite care and coaxing, she led the horse to pull Milord up across his fellow’s broad back. With a little sob of relief, Chloe mounted behind Milord’s body, and holding it as firmly as she could, she directed the horse down the road toward London. The second beast followed as docilely as though Chloe had trained him from a colt.

It seemed a very long time to Chloe before she beheld a light glowing dimly at the side of the road. It came from a lantern hung by a very small inn, and Chloe wondered with a thrill of fear whether the circumstance of its being alight at this hour might not be a sinister one. For what traffic could such a small inn be expecting during a dark and rainy night? However, she could not risk Milord’s health with any longer ride in the inclement weather, so she slid down, and, stumbling over to the door, beat a lusty tattoo upon its broad oak surface.

As quickly as though she had been expected, the door swung open and a frightened anxious voice cried out, “Thank God! You have come quicker than we dared to hope!”

A middle-aged woman presented herself in the open doorway, but the relief upon her countenance was immediately changed to surprise and anger.

“Now what is this?” she said sharply. “I had thought you to be the doctor!”

“It is Milord Beresford who has been injured in a fall,” Chloe said hastily, lest the door be shut in her face. “I am his groom, and have managed to get him here to your inn. He is very badly hurt, I am afraid, since he has been unconscious since the accident. He is well able to pay whatever is necessary to secure help,” the girl added firmly.

There was some change in the rigid hostility of the landlady, although she was understood to remark rather shortly that she hoped she was a Christian and would not turn even a dog away on such a night. Much more to the purpose, she called her husband to assist Milord’s groom and between them and a manservant, they eventually had Lord Randal stripped of his wet clothes and safely in a clean bed.

“Though there’s little any of us can do for his lordship till the doctor comes,” said the innkeeper. “Our son is fretting with some childish illness, and nothing would do Mrs. Robbins but to send off for Dr. Wagnal.”

“Lord Beresford will have cause to be grateful to you and Mrs. Robbins,” said Chloe sincerely. “I have been at my wits’ end! With your permission, I shall stable Milord’s pair at once?”

Robbins nodded benignly. “You have done a good job, boy, and no doubt your master will tell you so when he comes round again,” He took in for the first time the bedraggled state of Milord’s servant. With a grin he added, “Looks as if you’d been dragged backwards through a wet hedge, my lad! Better come back to the kitchen and dry your coat when you’ve the horses secure. I’ll wager you could use a drink, too! You look queer as Dick’s hatband!”

“Thank you,” Chloe managed to say through chattering teeth. Now that the fear and the physical exertion were safely behind her, she found herself feeling very queer indeed.

“I must not faint,” she told herself sternly. “No one must guess that I am not really Milord’s groom, and a boy. I owe him that for his kindness to a poor little dab of a female.” And while she tried thus to rally her powers of resistance, she was more than grateful for the comforting presence of the two high-bred beauties she was making comfortable in the clean, well-found stable. Later, in the kitchen, she fell upon the bowl of hot soup Mrs. Robbins had set out for her. When she had demolished that, and washed her hands and face at the pump, Chloe went upstairs to see if she could help the innkeeper’s wife.

She found the lady in the sick child’s room. Chloe came to the head of the bed and scanned the little face carefully. Then with a murmured word, she placed her cool palm over the small burning forehead. Mrs. Robbins looked up sharply, but something she saw in the gentle countenance bent above her son gave her pause.

“It’s well you sent for the doctor,” Chloe whispered after a moment. “The boy has a fever, and it is making him very miserable, poor little one. The doctor will relieve his discomfort.” She looked at the mother with her remarkable smile. “Do you sit down and get your breath for a moment, ma’am! You’ve been looking after the invalids and setting out hot soup and a dozen other tasks. It is time you had help. Let me get you a cold cloth to place on your son’s head. I know it helped my mother, when she was ill.”

Thankfully the innkeeper’s wife let this very gentle youth bring the wet towel and place it gently on the boy’s head. In a few minutes his restless tossing seeming to abate just a little and Mrs. Robbins was able to exchange a glance of satisfaction with Milord’s groom. At this moment, a welcome relief for her maternal fears, a bustle at the front door heralded the arrival of Doctor Wagnal, who strode up the stairs as cheerily as though he had nothing better to do than to venture out into a storm at night. He was not long in diagnosing the child’s fever, and prescribing suitable drugs and care. When he had in part relieved Mrs. Robbins’ fears, he said briskly,

“Robbins tells me there’s a fine gentleman come a cropper on the road, and waiting my attention. Will you take me to him?”

Chloe followed along quietly behind the doctor, and found that the landlord and his servant were keeping vigil by Lord Randal’s bed. Doctor Wagnal examined the huge lump on Milord’s head with knowledgeable fingers.

“He has not recovered consciousness since he received this blow?”

Chloe spoke up. “No, sir.”

“How came he by the knock?”

“He was springing his horses,” confessed Chloe, “and something frightened them. They plunged, and the curricle slipped sideways in the mud. I believe his lordship’s head struck a rock as he fell.”

“Hmm.” Doctor Wagnal’s bright eyes took in the grubby and unfashionable figure of Milord’s groom, but he said nothing, only returning to subject the limp figure on the bed to a searching examination. In the middle of this, he seemed to become aware of his interested audience. “Thank you all,” he said crisply. “I shall require the services of only one person from now on—perhaps you, Robbins. The rest of you may return to whatever you were doing. I shall speak to you further about Teddy before I leave, Mrs. Robbins.”

Chloe found herself outside Milord’s room. The yawning servant, sent to bed by his mistress, took himself off. Mrs. Robbins beckoned Chloe to follow her to her son’s bedroom. The girl began to express her thanks for the care given Milord.

“You’ve been no trouble at all,” the good dame interrupted as they stood together above the sleeping child. “A real help, in fact, I don’t know your name, but I liked what you did for Teddy.”

“Please call me Tiger,” said Chloe impulsively, with a smile.

“Tiger?” For a moment on her dignity as though suspecting impudence, the innkeeper’s wife found herself answering the sweetness of that smile. With a recalcitrant laugh she said, “I know the fine gentlemen call their little grooms tigers, but I never thought to hear it was anyone’s name!”

“You are probably wondering how so great a gentleman as Milord Beresford could have such a tatterdemalion groom as myself, ma’am,” explained Chloe. “I was being ill-treated, and his lordship rescued me. If he decides to keep me in his employ after we reach London, I am sure he will have his butler dress me in proper livery.”

“Mr. Robbins might find work for you here,” said the good woman kindly, “if his lordship does not want to employ you—or if he does not recover from his injury.”

“Milord will recover,” stammered Chloe, feeling something very cold in her breast. “He must!”

The innkeeper’s wife shook her head lugubriously, and then took the Tiger off to a tiny room above the kitchen, which had the twin virtues of being clean and warm. Indicating a pitcher and basin, she recommended that the groom might wash not only his person but his shirt, if he wished to impress his new employer. Then with a firm good night, she closed the door.





Chapter Three



Chloe arose very early and made the best toilet possible in the circumstances. She had hung her heavy frieze coat over the chairback to dry, and rinsed out the stableboy’s coarse linen shirt. After she had washed herself carefully and dressed in the clean shirt, she felt better. She had neither comb nor glass, but ran her fingers through her short dark curls and hoped to escape censure.

She presented herself first at his lordship’s bedroom and found the innkeeper dozing in a comfortable chair by the bed. His eyes flew open as Chloe entered, and he stretched and yawned.

“I’ll leave your master in your care while I get some breakfast, boy. Have you eaten? No? Then as soon as you make him comfortable, come down to the kitchen and break your fast.”

“I had probably better ride back to the curricle and retrieve his lordship’s portmanteau,” suggested Chloe, rather ill-at-ease at the idea of attending to the person of Milord.

Robbins being impressed with this notion, gave his permission at once, saying that the servant could take care of Milord until his groom returned. “For it may well be that he has some valuable items in his luggage, although his purse was safely tucked away in his driving coat pocket.”

Matters being thus tidily arranged, Chloe escaped the sickroom on her errand. So very early in the morning, there was yet no traffic on the road. Within a short time, Chloe found the curricle forlornly tipped on its side, and just under the edge of the wheel reposed Milord’s portmanteau, very little the worse for exposure. While she was strapping it on behind Thunder’s saddle, a farmer came riding along on a cart full of vegetables. This rustic was pleased to assist Chloe to right the curricle, and even offered to haul it along behind his humble vehicle to the inn. More than a little pleased at her own competence, Chloe rode back to the inn ahead of him and reported her mission successfully concluded. Mrs. Robbins ordered one of the maids to set out a hearty breakfast on the kitchen table, and Chloe did it justice.

And then it was time to go up to Milord Randal’s room, as the innkeeper and his wife obviously expected her to do, to relieve the servant of his post.

Chloe looked down on Lord Randal as he lay on the great bed. She had never really seen him in a good light, since their meeting last night had been in the ill-lit barn of the inn at Smoulton, and their flight had been through the darkness of the storm. She caught her breath at the pale, handsome face on the pillow. She thought she had never seen a finer-looking man. Above the white bandage which circled his head, dark hair fell thickly down onto a broad forehead. Dark brows slashed arrogantly across the top of a square, well-featured face. The heavy lids were closed now over the eyes, and Chloe wondered what color they were.

As that thought crossed her mind, the lids lifted and clear-gray eyes stared up into her face.

“And who the devil are you?” asked Lord Randal Beresford.

“I—I am your lordship’s tiger, Milord. You have had an accident on the road to London from Smoulton, and were knocked on the head last night.”

“My tiger, you say? I do not remember you. I think you are attempting to run a rig on me . . . Did Peke set you on?” The contempt in his face was more than Chloe could endure without protest. She retorted, quickly.

“I don’t know who Peke is, and nobody set me on to run any rigs. In fact, I am here because you took pity on a young woman in trouble, and you are here because you let your temper get the better of you and jobbed your horses, putting both of us into a ditch!” She glared back into his incredulous, challenging face.

“That’s a lie, at any rate!” snapped Lord Randal. “What kind of cow-handed apprentice do you take me for—a young woman?” he interrupted himself as the idea caught at his attention through his anger. He raised himself a little from the pillow, groaned, and glared hard at the small, huge-eyed countenance above him. Then slowly the expression on his face changed to something very dangerous indeed.

“So?”he said, softly. “Sir Jerold hopes to kick up a nasty little row, does he? Something to pay me back for the ill-turn I did him in warning him off my cousin? Well, you can tell your employer he’ll catch cold at that one! Now suppose you get yourself the hell out of my bedroom and send in someone to help me dress—”

At once Chloe’s anger dissolved in concern for him.

“Oh no, Lord Randal! Doctor Wagnal ordered that you were to be kept very quiet. Mrs. Robbins will be here directly with some food, if you feel hunger, but you must not jeopardize your health—!”

Her evident distress checked the furious comment on his lips. Putting one hand to his aching forehead, he felt cautiously at the bandage there.

“There has been an accident,” he admitted. “At least you are not lying about that. Did you or Peke cause it?”

“No, Milord.”

The faintest hint of amusement sounded in the quiet voice. “Where had he heard just that soft, laughing note before?” Milord wondered. The creature beside him, dressed in scrubby clothing and with a head of tousled dark curls, was saying softly,

“I swear to you, Lord Randal, that you rescued me from a very unpleasant situation at Smoulton last night. My stepbrother was badly foxed and threatening to wager my savings in a card game. You graciously offered me the courtesy of a ride to London in your curricle. It transpired, however, that when you made the offer you believed me to be little more than a child. Upon discovering that you had landed yourself with a woman of twenty-one, you were so—so moved that you rather lost control and savaged the reins on your pair. Since the curricle, depending as it does for its stability on the single heavy pole to which the horses are harnessed, is not the best balanced of vehicles, their instantly-taken exception to your unusual heavy-handedness caused them to lunge and rear, thus sliding the curricle through the mud into the ditch. And I should have thought,” the amazing creature concluded her pedantic little explanation, “that you would have maintained enough control not to startle such obviously mettlesome, high-bred cattle! I am sure you must be a superior whip, to be able to handle Thunder and Lightning in the general way,” she added, kindly.

Lord Randal frowned. “Shall we leave my capabilities as a whip to a more leisurely occasion? I am constrained to accept that there has been an accident. I am not gullible enough to accept you, with your wretched appearance and your finicking command of the language, as anything but a very queer bird indeed! But if in truth you are not some sort of gull-catcher, suppose you begin at the beginning and explain to me what this is all about.”

Five minutes later, his lordship fell back on his pillows with a groan. “If I am to believe you, I am a nobleman who has placed himself in an equivocal position through his own stupidity! Now what is to be done? You say this medico has promised to return today?”

“Mrs. Robbins expects him within the hour,” said Chloe. “You must tell him that you have lost your memory. He may be able to help you recover it,” she ended hopefully.

“Meanwhile, we are faced with the problem of you,” grumbled Milord petulantly.

“Can we not continue with the harmless fable that I am your honor’s tiger?” asked the girl, in a creditable imitation of a stableboy’s whine.

“No, for no one who knows me would believe that any servant of mine would appear dressed in—in whatever that outfit is you have on.” His lordship’s fine nostrils curled disdainfully.

“But none of the bloods or dandies who are blessed with the honor of your acquaintance would be at all likely to stay at this very modest hostelry,” objected the girl.

“And that is another thing,” announced Milord in the manner of one rehearsing a grievance. “Must you talk as though you had swallowed a dictionary? What kind of riding teacher are you? You sound more like a shabby-genteel governess than a legitimate instructor in equitation.” He paused ruefully at her charming gurgle of laughter. “Fiend take you, girl, you’ve got me sounding as bad as yourself!”

“Worse,” said the graceless female, still chuckling. “I should think mealy-mouthed would be a fair judgment.”

“I cannot allow you to ride behind my curricle all the way to London in that—that garment,” Milord continued firmly. “Not even a credit as great as I am sure mine must be could carry us through. Have you no other clothing?”

“I did have a dress and bonnet when I left the inn at Smoulton,” admitted the girl. “But they are lost somewhere along the road, and in any case they were not much more fashionable than the stableboy’s coat,” she admitted, smiling at his look of aversion.

“Then we must trust that any persons who observe us will think you are some waif I picked up from a ditch,” sighed his lordship. “Or I could just ignore you completely and pretend you do not exist.”

“If you wished to be so kind, you could drop me off near the next village where the passenger coaches stop, and let me take passage to London. In fact, I must have been all about in my head not to have thought of it sooner! Now that I have escaped my brother long enough to protect my savings from his gambling fever, there is nothing to prevent me riding to London in the usual way!”

“Not quite ‘usual,’ would you say?” queried Milord sweetly. “That coat—!” He refused to acknowledge a certain reluctance to let this strange little creature slip out of his life as casually as she seemed to have rattled into it. He rubbed his aching forehead. If only his head did not pain him quite so viciously! And if only he could remember for himself the events the child had just recounted to him! There seemed to be moments during her recital when he recognized real places and persons, but it was all fragmentary and quite confused. Still, perhaps this doctor chap could restore one’s scattered wits and set all straight. He sighed.

“Is there any coffee?” he asked, unconscious of how wistful he sounded.

With a little gasp at her own stupidity, the girl ran from the room and down the stairs. Within five minutes she was back, more sedately, bringing a tray into the room. At her shoulder appeared a buxom middle-aged woman in a neat dress and white cap, who inquired quite sensibly about his well-being, and promised him a visit from the doctor very shortly.

After she had left, the pseudo-tiger squatted on the side of Milord’s bed and steadied the coffee cup at his lips. The first few sips gave his lordship a very queasy feeling, but Chloe encouraged him to go on, and by the time he had drained the cup, Lord Randal felt considerably restored. Next the girl coaxed him to eat a little bread and poured more coffee to wash it down. When he had indicated he had enough, the girl removed the tray and brought to the bedside a basin of water and some towels. Milord regarded these mistrustfully.

“Now what will you be about?” he asked.

“I had thought to freshen you for the doctor’s visit,” said Chloe.

“Had you, indeed? Then perchance you should think again,” replied Milord pleasantly. “Even with the broadest latitude, the duties of a gentleman’s tiger do not impinge upon those of the gentleman’s gentleman. Send Robbins to me, child.” He bent upon her a glance of mingled suspicion and censure. Chloe maintained a calm, serious visage. After a moment, Milord grinned.

“Vixen,” he said, challengingly.

The lovely guileless smile met his. “It is a relief to see your lordship so must restored to your natural acerbity,” said Chloe.

Doctor Wagnal entered the bedroom to hear their laughter. “Good medicine,” he approved. “Milord, am I to congratulate you upon the restoration of your memory?” He busied himself checking the significant signs of Lord Randal’s condition.

“I—I am not yet quite myself,” his lordship admitted. “I know who I am, but the events of the last few days seem curiously confused in my mind—shrouded—” His worried glance probed at the doctor’s noncommittal face.

Doctor Wagnal straightened up and considered his patient, hand to chin. “You’ve a hard skull, Milord, and a healthy body. Your physical condition should be normal—that is, excellent—within a day or so. Your mental confusion may last a little longer, or may clear completely within the hour. Do not worry too much, sir. At least you know who you are, and you have a devoted servant who can see you safely home to your relatives and friends.”

Chloe slipped away, unaccountably nervous under the shrewd gaze of the doctor. Could he have penetrated her disguise? Even if so, she consoled herself, he did not seem the sort of man to make an uproar over a matter which was not his concern, either as a medical man or a private citizen. Even so—!

She hurried out to the front of the inn and examined Milord’s curricle, deposited there by the early morning carter. The vehicle, though liberally splashed with mud, did not seem to have suffered structural damage. Chloe went back to the stable to enlist the help of one of the lads in pulling it around to the yard, where she might profitably employ her time washing it down and checking the harness.

Returning a few minutes later with a stableboy, she was at first surprised and then alarmed to behold two gentlemen in a showy phaeton drawn up beside the muddy curricle, examining it with every indication of recognizing it. One of the two, a fair man with high color and an outrageously-caped driving coat, got down and strode over to the vehicle.

“It’s his, all right! What do you suppose has happened to it?”

“He’s overturned it, of course,” snapped the other, a tall slender fellow with a coldly sneering face. “I hope he’s broken his blasted neck!”

“Temper, temper!” warned his companion, snickering. “More like he’s run down some hapless farmer or a Cit in a hired coach. I’d hazard a pony ’twas the other driver overturned.”

“Then why is Milord’s curricle here, mud-spattered and forlorn? By God, I’d give a thousand times twenty-five pounds to hear that he’s dead or dying!”

“But you haven’t got twenty-five thousand pounds, have you, Sir Jerold? Thanks to his lordship’s interference between you and his so-beautiful cousin!” and he snickered again.

At the expression which now came across Jerold’s face, Chloe understood for the first time the meaning of the phrase, “her blood ran cold.” Her body seemed frozen, and she shook with a chill not entirely physical. Raw murder stared from Sir Jerold’s eyes, and from the mirthless smile. Chloe turned to run.

“Hey, there! You!” shouted the red-faced man. “Whose curricle is this?”

Chloe, entering the inn to warn Milord, said nothing; but the stableboy, hopeful of largesse, replied, “It belongs to Lord Beresford, ’im as got a wisty knock on the castor las’ night in the storm! Blest if ’e ain’t forgot ’oo ’e is!”

Sir Jerold descended from the phaeton in one smooth leap. “Where is his lordship now?”

Chloe waited to hear no more. Turning to race up the stairs, she almost bumped into Mrs. Robbins, who was bustling toward the front door to welcome the new arrivals. Chloe caught her arm, looking up into the broad homely face imploringly.

“They are his enemies! They come to do him harm!”

The good dame stared hard into the little face with the huge, anxious eyes. Then, nodding her head, she brushed past Chloe, saying only, “Get up there and stay with him.”

Thankfully Chloe ran up to Milord’s bedroom and went in, closing the door behind her. His lordship, propped up on his pillows, regarded her hasty entrance with raised eyebrows.

“Is the inn on fire?” he queried. “Or is the tipstaff after you?”

Chloe ignored this levity. “The doctor? Where is he?”

“Gone to take a look at Robbins’ son, I believe.” Milord frowned at her. “What’s to do? Are you ill?”

Chloe shook her head, half her attention on the stairs and the hallway outside Milord’s bedroom. “Two gentlemen are here, coming up to see you.” Then, catching his look of interest, the girl shook her head. “No, no, not a social visit, whatever they may pretend! There is danger for you! The one called Sir Jerold Means you no good!”

“Well, here’s a high flight,” said Milord calmly, but Chloe caught the slightest betraying tightening of his jaw. “Am I presentable, Tiger? One would not wish Sir Jerold, whoever he may be, to find one en déshabillé!”

“He did not know!” she thought. “He could not remember the enmity which this man held for him!” smothering a groan, Chloe darted to the bed. She caught at the top sheet, pulling it over the counterpane, tucking both neatly across his bare chest. As her fingers touched his skin, they trembled slightly. Milord watched her enigmatically. The girl glanced quickly at his face and hair. Gently she straightened the truant black lock which fell over the bandage.

“Do I pass muster, Tiger?” he asked, smiling.

Chloe was very conscious of the red blood flooding her face, and stepped away from the bed. “You are—beautiful.”

“Good God!” said his lordship, revolted.

There was a sharp knock on the door. Then, without waiting for an invitation, Sir Jerold Peke entered the bedroom, closely followed by his red-faced companion.

Milord Randal raised cool, arrogant eyes to scrutinize them. “Do I know you, gentlemen? What do you wish with me?”





Chapter Four



“It is reassuring to find you here, Lord Randal,” said Sir Jerold smoothly.

“Reassuring?”

“One would regret having to believe that so famous a sportsman would run shy on a wager,” smiled sir Jerold. “I was sure there must have been—an accident.”

Lord Randal’s eyebrows rose a fraction. “I had a wager with you, sir? How odd.”

The color left Sir Jerold’s long, saturnine face, and white-lipped, he moved a step nearer to the bed. “Odd? That you should wager with me? How am I to take that, sir?”

Chloe had moved swiftly to the head of Lord Randal’s bed, to place herself between her master and his guest. His lordship lifted a cautionary hand at her.

“Why, sir, I only meant that I do not recall your acquaintance! What else could I mean?” He smiled tauntingly. “You may have been told that I suffered a spill last night in the storm. I am—ah—having difficulty remembering . . . some things. I did ask you who you were as you entered, did I not? Will you give me your name and style?”

Jerrold gritted his teeth. “What demmed high-nosed trick is this, Beresford? Not two weeks ago you were familiar enough, warning me off your cousin—!”

“Now why should I do that, I wonder?” mused Milord, smiling faintly. “Er—what were my reasons—did I say?”

Sir Jerold’s companion caught at his arm as Peke lunged forward. “Before you get on your high ropes, Jerold, should you not consider that Beresford quite possibly has lost his memory—a heavy blow will often do it. And if he has . . . should you not refresh him as to the nature—and the amount—of his obligation to you?”

Incomprehension, deep thought, then a growing satisfaction flickered across Sir Jerold’s narrow face. The tension eased from his shoulders. He framed his lips into a smile which tried to appear cordial.

“Of course! Not your fault if you’ve forgotten! It was a matter of a rather sizeable wager on the challenger at the mill at Smoulton village. You were—enthusiastic as to his chances.”

“How did he do?” queried his lordship in a tone of polite interest.

Sir Jerold made a deprecatory moue. “Not too well, alas for your hopes! It would seem you are rather heavily in my debt.”

“Ah, well! There will be other occasions! I must congratulate you upon your success. And what was the amount?”

Drawing a heavy breath, Sir Jerold named a sum so enormous that Chloe’s eyes flew open wide, and even the red-faced man pursed his lips. Milord did not appear to be moved.

“Indeed?” he said gently. “I seem to have been very sure of my own judgment. I shall, of course, have the money sent to you as soon as I return to London.”

“I would rather have it now,” snapped Jerold.

Lord Randal smiled and indicated his position with a slight gesture of one hand. “I fear you have me at a loss.”

“You refuse to pay? That will make a good story in the clubs!”

“But a story not widely accepted, I think! Only consider the source!” and he laughed.

The red-faced man chuckled and renewed his hold on Jerold’s arm. “Now why should you high-tempered young bucks be at dagger-drawing? There’s such an easy way to settle it! Sir Jerold, I’m surprised at your lack of consideration for your poor sick friend! And you, Milord, must surely sympathize with an ardent gamester in the enthusiasm of such a fine win! So let us draw up a note-of-hand for the amount, and milord shall sign it, and we can be on our way back to our engagement in London.” He spread out his hands with a smile. “Simple?”

Sir Jerold, dazzled by the prospect of his honeyfall, especially if Lord Randal was really lacking his memory, in which case the amount would be recoverable twice, was all smiles and good will. Milord was watching both his visitors with the faintly amused, faintly arrogant expression which so infuriated Jerold. At this crucial moment Chloe, in the persona of Milord’s tiger, stepped forward.

“Not bloody likely! Milord’s no cony to be lurched of his guineas so easily!” Her hoarse, young boy’s voice roughened with disgust. “You’re no better than road agents, robbing a sick man—”

Not even the red-faced man’s hold on his arm could stop sir Jerold in this moment. Lunging forward, he struck the impudent groom in the face with his clenched fist. The tiger fell against a chair and slid down to the floor.

Milord had the covers off and his feet on the floor as the door opened to admit Doctor Wagnal, closely followed by Robbins. The doctor gazed around him sternly. He had been alerted by Mrs. Robbins, and found the scene before him ample confirmation of her suspicions.

“And just what the hell do you think you are playing at? Robbins, send for the constable! I shall give these men into custody—entering a sickroom and savaging the occupant—! Get back into bed, Milord, I command you!”

There was a little babble of talk as everyone but Chloe began to explain what had happened. Wagnal held up his hand for silence.

“I have no desire to hear your excuses. The local magistrate, Squire Rennie, will no doubt require you to explain yourselves at the proper time and place! For now, you will leave this room and hold yourselves to readiness to accompany the constable when he arrives!”

Without another look at the two intruders, Doctor Wagnal went over to Chloe and knelt at her side. Taking advantage of his preoccupation, Sir Jerold and his friend went swiftly out the door and down the stairs. Within a few minutes they had mounted their phaeton and were hastily driving away from the inn.

In Lord Randal’s bedroom, Wagnal was holding Chloe’s wrist and lifting one eyelid. “How often did he hit her, and with what?”

“Once, with his fist,” answered Lord Randal in accents of self-loathing. “I shall call him out as soon as I reach London.”

“Good!” Wagnal had Chloe’s head up against his shoulder, and was administering a pungent medication which soon had her gasping and fluttering her eyelids. “That’s better! She’ll do now.”

Lord Randal froze. The significance of the pronoun came home to him with such force that he felt he had received a settler on his own jaw. “You know—? It is that obvious—?”

“Mrs. Robbins thought it likely your servant was a young female. It is no business of mine, Milord, or of hers. It would seem the girl found herself in the middle of your lordship’s quarrel. Women have no nous in such matters. You must instruct her to remain silent during any further altercations you may indulge in.”

Milord relaxed with a grin. “I must deliver her to her friends with the utmost haste, before she gets herself killed defending me,” he said. “Will she be all right now?”

“She’ll have a lump on her jaw the size and color of a ripe plum,” he said. “And a very sore mouth; possibly a headache for a few hours. No permanent damage. And as for yourself, you were out of that bed quickly enough. Have you dizziness or faintness?”

“No. thanks to your expert treatment last night, I am feeling quite myself this morning,” reported Milord cheerfully.

“And the loss of memory—the confusion?” persisted Wagnal.

Milord smiled grimly.”Non-existent. I played along to see what Peke and his ruffian friend would do in such case I found out.”

“It would seem you have an enemy there,” mused Doctor Wagnal. “An unscrupulous fellow. Don’t turn your back in his presence.”

He helped the shaken Chloe to her feet and into a chair. “I will give you something for the pain, child. I advise you to go to bed for today. Then tomorrow, if no further complications arise for either of you, I would recommend that you get to your proper homes in London with all speed. This masquerade may be dangerous for you both.”

“You are quite correct, and we shall attempt to follow your prescription to the letter,” smiled Lord Randal. “You have my thanks.”

After the doctor left the room, Milord held out one strong slender hand toward his tiger. “Come here to me, child,” he said softly.

Chloe tried to smile, but her face hurt her too much. She was understood to say, in a manner garbled and hampered by her injuries, that she wasn’t sure she could make it that far.

Lord Randal frowned. “What is the matter with me? Wagnal told us that you should be in bed, and the first thing I do is to ask you to walk around! I am the greatest beast in nature.”

Chloe smiled in spite of the pain it caused her. “Of course you are not! You have a right to resent my interference! But those rascals were trying to chouse you out of a great deal of money . . . and I knew that Sir Jerold hated you . . .”

“You are a very wise child,” said Milord in a deeper voice than Chloe had yet heard from him. “If I had indeed been afflicted with a loss of memory, as I permitted them to believe, I might easily have been—er—choused out of a small fortune. For Sir Jerold had enlarged the actual sum we wagered by five—and it was too much in the first place. I was very badly awry on that wager, I can admit to you. Peke—annoys me.”

“Yet it is his friend who frightens me,” confessed Chloe. “Oh, Sir Jerold has the hatred and the will to harm you, but the red-faced man—”

“His name is Wilferd,” interjected Milord.

“Mr. Wilferd has the brains, and the control over Sir Jerold.”

“I shall heed your warning, and the doctor’s, and protect myself in the clinches,” grinned his lordship. “Now, let us take Dr. Wagnal’s other advice, and get you settled comfortably to recuperate from Peke’s dastardly attack.” He pulled vigorously at the bellrope beside his bed, and within a very short length of time—so short that Milord suspected the good lady had been ready and waiting—Mrs. Robbins entered.

“It was as well you thought to warn me” she said briskly, lifting Chloe out of the chair and supporting her with one arm around the girl’s slender waist. “I sent Robbins and the doctor up to Milord’s bedroom as soon as I could. Not soon enough, it appears!” She looked searchingly into the battered face, now beginning to show the dark-mottled swelling doctor Wagnal had predicted. “Those villains! I thought it was his lordship they were seeking to injure!”

“It was, but Miss Chloe defended me like a lioness! Rattled in and told them off for the rascals they are!” smiled Lord Randal. “I have great gratitude and respect for Miss Chloe,” he added quietly.

Mrs. Robbins gave him a reassuring look. “So too have I, sir,” she said. “I wasn’t born yesterday. I know one when I see one.”

With this cryptic utterance, she led the slight girlish figure out of the room. Milord watched them go with a frown. All very well to prate of gratitude and respect, but what the devil was he to do with her, this odd, child-like girl whom fate had seen fit to cast at his door? Get her safely to her friends in London, of course, as soon as she was fit to travel. And after that? It would require the greatest discretion to assist the child without compromising both himself and her. Much troubled, Lord Randal lay back on his pillows and tried to plan.





Mrs. Robbins, putting the girl snugly to bed and bringing cold clothes for her face, had no such uncertainties. As soon as she had attended to the bodily needs, she sat down by Chloe’s bed and asked, “Where are you bound in London?”

I have promised to go to a market garden on the outskirts of the city,” Chloe began, eager to share her plans with such a sensible confidante. “It is owned by a dear woman who was my mother’s best friend—they were both governesses in good houses. Janet McLeod saved her salary, and she had a little competence from her father, I believe. At least there was enough to invest in this farm when she retired from teaching. She runs the house, she writes me, and her nephew Roderick, who also put money in the venture, supervises all the farm work. They grow fresh vegetables and berries for sale in London. Aunt Janet has made me very welcome,” she hesitated, and Mrs. Robbins caught her indecisiveness.

“And what will you be doing there?” the good dame pressed her. “Is there some thought that you might make a suitable wife for the nephew, Roderick?”

Chloe blushed. “That might indeed be in Aunt Janet’s mind,” she confessed. “She and my mother were bosom-bows at one time, and kept up a pretty regular correspondence. But I have another plan which I hope to discuss with them both. You see,” Chloe went on, “my father died ten years ago, when I was just eleven. He was pretty much cast off by his family when he refused to marry the wealthy squire’s daughter his parents had chosen. Instead he married my mother, who was his sister’s governess. He got a job raising horses with my mother’s brother, Ned Brown, who owned a large stock farm. After father died, my mother opened a small village school, and three years later, married a widower, Mr. Callon, who had a son, Reggie, by his first wife. My uncle insisted that we all stay on with him. I grew up working with horses, and I have—for all some people may laugh when I say it!—a real affinity with them!” She nodded her head once, decisively. “After my mother died, I was able to work regularly in the stables, helping Uncle Ned train his stock and even teaching children to ride, and schooling horses for them. When my Uncle Ned died, a few weeks ago, I found he had left me a little sum of money in his will, enough to give me the hope that I might do what I have always wanted to do.”

“And what is that?” asked the fascinated Mrs. Robbins. So much excitement did not often come in her way, and she was enjoying every minute of it. Dastardly villains, handsome heroes, orphaned girls masquerading as boys—! Better than a storybook, and right here beneath her very roof!

“I have dreamed of having my own riding school, where the children of good families might be taught the proper manage of their horses, and the skills of riding,” confided Chloe. “I could also help the parents purchase safe mounts, and train the horses while I was training the children. This I know I could do successfully, for it is what I have been doing, as a favor to my uncle’s friends and the great houses in our neighborhood. So I had thought to take my money to London, and ask Rod to help me set up a stable, and perhaps even place an advertisement in a newspaper where well-to-do parents might see it.”

“It seems a reasonable hope,” agreed Mrs. Robbins, “if you are sponsored by people of good reputation. Perhaps even Milord Randal might speak a word for you among his friends—?”

“Perhaps,” Chloe concurred hesitantly, “but I am not quite sure I should impose upon his lordship to that extent.” Her eyes met the older woman’s with an anxious look. “You have seen that Peke, ma’am! I would not want him to recognize, in the woman who receives Milord’s recommendation, the groom who attended him at this inn!”

Mrs. Robbins considered this seriously. At length, with some reluctance, she was obliged to admit that Miss Chloe was right. With such a villain as Sir Jerold Peke, anyone who had any interest in Milord’s good name must avoid even the appearance of evil. “But it is quite too bad that the wretch had to see you here,” she finished glumly. “For it would have been a very romantic—that is, I am sure his lordship would have been willing to say a word for you among his friends, had matters been otherwise! Very grateful he seemed to be, I must say!” Then, noting Chloe’s downcast face at hearing her worst fears confirmed, the good woman rallied.

“But had you considered that you might continue the masquerade? Set up your riding school and stable as a young man with the help of your Aunt Janet and her nephew, of course! I daresay many families would rather entrust the training of their children to a young man than to a girl. Had you thought of that?”

“I have not met that attitude in the county where my uncle had his farm,” objected Chloe. “Those parents who brought their children to me seemed to have no fear—”

“They knew you, and your uncle!” interrupted the good dame triumphantly. “Who in London will have that kind of familiarty with you, or knowledge of your ability?”

There was no doubt this was a factor. Chloe’s shoulders sank dejectedly. Would her slender hoard enable her to last the length of time necessary for her to establish a reputation—especially since her modest stable and school would be far from the residential centers of the great city?

Mrs. Robbins took herself to task for a meddling, romantic fool as she observed the troubled expression on the girl’s wan, bruised face. Rallying her charge kindly, she hastened off to the kitchen, to reappear shortly with a bowl of good broth and a large mug of sweet tea. She stood over the girl until she had drunk every drop. Then bidding her to rest, she left Chloe to her meditations.





Chapter Five



Two mornings later, Lord Randal Beresford set out for London in his washed and polished curricle. Milord’s pair were shining and groomed to perfection. At Milord’s side on the high seat was his Tiger, brave in a new smarter coat (made down by Mrs. Robbins from one of her husband’s), and well-polished boots.

The innkeeper’s wife had offered to fit Miss Chloe out in a dress. After consultation with his lordship, the girl politely refused the well meant suggestion as being too dangerous.

“For you see, ma’am,” she explained, “as long as I am in Lord Randal’s company, it is better for both of us if I continue to be his Tiger.”

“But Aunt Janet—?” protested the good dame.

“Aunt Janet will not be shocked to see me arriving dressed as a boy,” Chloe smiled. “Nothing puts her in a taking!”

So the little party set out, sped on by good wishes from both the Robbins, and even one romantic sigh from the buxom dame.

As Milord tooled his mettlesome pair smartly along the road, he felt a remarkable sense of well-being. The recent storm had freshened the countryside, trees and meadows presented a sparkling panorama, and the morning air was fragrantly stimulating. He turned to smile at his Tiger. He found her large gray eyes fixed on him, and she answered his smile with a particularly sweet one of her own.

“We shall reach London in good time at this rate! Your horses are superb! I believe they are coming to know me,” confided the girl.

For some reason he could not quite pinpoint, Milord felt a sudden sharp diminishing of his pleasure. He seized upon her final comment with a frown.

“How could they come to know you unless you were in the stable?” he challenged. “I understood that Dr. Wagnal had ordered complete bedrest?”

“Oh, I am an early riser,” Chloe confided brightly. “I couldn’t have remained in bed on such a glorious morning, with Thunder and Lightning so eager to be off!”

“You were in the stable! I suppose I am now to learn that you groomed them this morning?”

“Is that not what a tiger is for?” queried Chloe, her own smile a little shadowed.

Milord met the anxious eyes with a stern look. “Tiger in name only! And just until I can hand you over to some responsible person.”

The silence stretched out. Milord decided he had been mistaken in the quality of the day, which now seemed rather drab and uninteresting. He shot a sideways glance at his companion. The curly head drooped forward, bent over the arms she had folded so correctly across her chest. She looked, thought Milord with some exasperation, like a five-year-old who has had its knuckles rapped. “Ye gods! She will be crying next!” he thought, and, disregarding an inner warning voice, he turned to her and threw one arm across the slender shoulders.

“Come, child, I did not mean to hurt your feelings! I shall have to admit that I have never seen Thunder and Lightning look so well, or step out more proudly! You must indeed have—an affinity for them!”

This handsome apology brought Chloe’s head up with such a radiant smile that Milord was dazzled, as though the sun had come out from behind a cloud.

“My uncle was used to say that it was a gift—to be able to work with animals, understanding them, and having them understand what you wished them to do. My father had it, a little, I think. His horses and dogs were always so well behaved and responsive! It was he who first threw me up on a pony when I was very small, and until he died he worked with me every day.” There was a wistful light in the great eyes, as Chloe recalled happier times. Then the lovely smile reappeared. “Your team are the finest I have ever seen, Milord. So responsive and—witty!”

“Witty? Now that is a word I should never have thought to use about a horse,” teased Lord Randal. “It is the consensus among sportsmen that they have heart and stamina and grace, perhaps, but wit?” He chuckled at the expression on the girl’s face. “Well, it’s plain to see that one of the witty creatures has never planted his great hoof on your foot, or refused a wall to which you had already committed yourself!”

Her challenging glance melted into laughter. “As well blame myself for having my great foot in the way, or for training my hunter so badly that he is uncertain of what was expected of him!” she rallied.

The next hour was spent more pleasantly in a discussion of techniques. Lord Randal was surprised to find how swiftly the time passed when one was engaged in an interesting conversation. Watching the animated little face under the unruly mop of dark curls, he was suddenly reminded of the last Ton ball he had attended, and the deadly boredom he had experienced in conversing with the ladies present, all of whom were much more beautiful and certainly infinitely more elegant than his present companion.

It was about this time that he saw, down the road, a small cluster of houses around a village green. The road there seemed unusually busy, with carriages and farm carts lined up before the inn, and hostlers, parading horses around behind the inn to the stable. The sight of the village awoke a pleasant hunger, and Milord said to Chloe, “Shall we stop to break our fast at that inn? It may be our last chance before we reach the environs of London.”

“I should enjoy that very much,” admitted Chloe. “The thing of it is, I have an enormous appetite, and must be forever concealing the fact lest I appear greedy. So unbecoming! It quite puts me to the blush.”

They laughed together, and Milord decided that this was the most comfortable girl he had ever had anything to do with. By this time they were abreast of the inn, and Milord drew up the pair with a flourish, handed the reins to Chloe, and stepped down. “Put ’em up,” he ordered lazily, and added, “Tiger!”

Not too much to his surprise, Chloe tooled the curricle smartly around the inn toward the stable, the horses obeying her signals as though she had trained them from colts. Lord Randal acknowledged the master touch, and wished, for one moment, that she were indeed a male groom he could recruit to his service.

When she came searching for him in the crowded taproom after seeing the horses safely bestowed, Chloe was able to find Lord Randal without difficulty. He stood out among all the rest, she thought, with his fine figure in its well-fitting clothing, the proud set of his head on broad shoulders, the quietly confident expression on his handsome face. She moved quietly to stand at his side.

“There is a Horse Fair,” she began, and her eyes sparkled. “Do you think—?”

Milord grinned. “Could I pry you away? Of course we’ll attend. There will be plenty of time to deposit you with your aunt before dusk.”

They made their way out of the inn and followed the men and boys who were going down the road to a large, enclosed field. There was a show ring, where the horses were being paraded for the inspection of possible buyers, and they moved in that direction. Then Chloe found her attention caught by a large group clustered at the far end of the field. She caught at Milord’s arm.

“What’s going on there?”

His lordship looked uncomfortable. “It is nothing you would wish to see, child. I heard about it in the taproom. It is a—a wicked business.”

Cutting through the lazy afternoon air came the scream of a horse in anger—or pain. It was a chilling sound. Chloe’s head jerked toward it. “Oh, no!” she whispered, and ran toward the group.

With a muttered curse, Beresford ran after her. Overtaking her, he caught at her arm. “I told you it was a bad business,” he said quietly. “The owner is a local squire with a reputation for cruelty. It seems this horse unseated him before a number of people he was hoping to impress. He struck it repeatedly about the head with his crop, and it finally turned upon him. He was barely rescued.”

Chloe’s great eyes were ablaze, and her small face rosy with outrage. “He deserved to be hurt! Taking his embarrassment out on a beast he wasn’t fit to ride!”

“That seemed to be the general opinion in the taproom,” said Milord. “However, he’s had the horse in his stable, undergoing a course of ‘training’—probably regular beatings—and today he has him on show—”

“What?” gasped the girl.

Milord’s face was grim. “Exactly. The idea seems to be that he’s offered to sell the brute to anyone who can ride him for two minutes. The price will be one pound.”

Then Milord caught the look on Chloe’s face. “Oh, no! I should never have let you come! The brute is a killer by now, whatever he was to begin with. He’s seriously injured two grooms—one of them hasn’t regained consciousness. There is local pressure to—put the beast down.”

Much to his lordship’s alarm, Chloe was listening to him with almost painful attention. Was she going to suggest that he try to master the killer horse?

But apparently Chloe had not even entertained such a thought. Her questions surprised him. “So if no one can ride the horse . . . or no one offers to, this squire intends to destroy the horse publicly?”

“Exactly,” Milord repeated himself. “I might have known you would guess, with your—affinity.”

The girl glanced at him sharply, but his expression was not mocking; rather, it held a brooding pity.

“Yes. Shooting it publicly will be a form of revenge the squire would relish. He probably beats his servants—and his wife,” said Chloe with disgust.

Lord Randal stared at her. “Odd you should say that. It was one of the comments I overheard in the taproom.”

Chloe nodded once, sharply, as if coming to a decision. “I shall ride the horse,” she said quietly. “And then I shall buy him for one pound. He will be the first horse in my stable.”

“You must be mad if you think I will permit you to—”

“You have nothing to say in the matter,” retorted Chloe, in her new, confident voice. “I feel I was sent . . .”

Milord groaned silently. “I should have known,” he told himself. “Affinities with horses—mystical sendings! The best thing to do is turn and leave this place at once! Otherwise you will find yourself embroiled in a scandal the like of which has never hit London! Get out, my boy!” Instead of which eminently sensible action, he found himself advancing upon the group of men about the tortured horse.

Chloe quickly caught up with him. “You shall not ride that horse,” she said quietly. “I can do it, and I intend to. You would be injured.”

“If you think I am going to let—” began his lordship bitterly.

Chloe darted past him and pushed her way in toward the center of the crowd. He heard her voice, hoarse and boy-like, call out:

“I’ll ride the horse!”

There was some laughter and a few comments. By this time Lord Randal was himself at the forefront of the crowd, and his first sight of the killer horse struck him breathless.

It was a huge black stallion, dark as nights and terrible in its anger and hatred. The ears pricked forward on the small, beautiful, vicious head; the teeth showed between foam-wreathed lips. The large protruding eyes rolled in a frenzy as the horse sought to prepare itself for attack from any side. Around the long, powerful neck was a thick leather choke-strap. This ended in a chain which was fastened in turn to a stake driven deep into the ground. The stallion was bridled, and a heavy saddle was cinched too tightly around his barrel.

Lord Randal felt red anger rising in his throat at the appalling evidence of the treatment the stallion had received, for the splendid hide was criss-crossed with welts and cuts, some healed over, the rest raw and bleeding. And from under the saddle itself a double track of blood ran down. Milord’s furious glance sought out the perpetrator of this indecency—the squire.

Chloe was already facing a huge, gross-bodied man in a modish riding coat. He was mocking her, but the people around him had heard her challenge, and it was obvious that he would have to let her try to ride.

She looked, decided Milord, an unimpressive urchin in Mr. Robbins’s made-over coat. But she was clean, and neatly dressed, and she had voiced her challenge. Some of the rustics began to clamor for the show. Lord Randal set his mouth grimly and moved over close to the squire and the small groom.

“You understand, do you, that you’ve got to stay on the stallion’s back for two whole minutes by the clock? That’s providing you can even get on in the first place,” sneered the squire.

“Oh, I’ll get on right enough,” sang out Chloe in her boyish voice. A number of the audience laughed; some even raised a cheer.

“She’s winning them over, by God!” thought Lord Randal with reluctant admiration.

“But first I’ll have that saddle off,” Chloe continued.

The squire turned on her, scowling. “What’s that? You want to make it easier for yourself? I’m damned if I’ll let—”

“Do you find it easier to ride this horse without a saddle?” jibed Chloe. There was a general snicker. The squire’s face darkened with rage. It was evident he did not relish the reference to his own unseating, but he was forced to concede that to ride a horse without a saddle or stirrups would not be easier.

“Perhaps you’d like to take it off him, then?” he taunted.

Chloe nodded. Milord made a motion, quickly restrained, to prevent her. She had forced this issue. She must resolve it in the best way she could. He found himself hoping very hard that the damned little fool would not be hurt too badly.

Chloe had advanced to within a few feet of the tethered beast. The great stallion became very still, his large maddened eyes fixed upon this new tormentor. The girl stood very quietly, watching the horse, making neither sound nor movement. The fine ears pricked forward. Then, with a shrill neigh the stallion rose to the limit of the chain and leather, striking out at the tiny figure before him with deadly hooves. The crowd surged back, frightened by the fury of the beast even though it was chained.

“I’ve had enough of this!” shouted the squire. “Get the guns and shoot it!”

“You accepted the boy’s challenge,” said Lord Randal coldly. There was a growl of agreement from the men nearby. They did not want to be cheated of the show, but Lord Randal sensed a new evasiveness in the squire. The gross man shrugged his shoulders. “So be it! I’m going home. If the brute kills any of you, you have only yourselves to blame.” He strode away and disappeared into the crowds near the show ring

Milord called out quietly to the silent Chloe, who had not moved since she first took up her stance in front of the tethered horse. “Come away, Tiger! The brute is maddened with pain! He will do you an injury!”

The girl shook her head. She came a step closer to the horse, which had not moved since his lunging attempt to strike her down a few moments before. He was panting, and foam drooled from his lips. Chloe stood looking up at him. Then she began to talk, so quietly that the circle of watchers could hardly hear her words.

“My friend . . . you are beautiful, a fine fellow . . . you have been hurt so badly . . . I am sorry for that. I love you, fine fellow. You have been hurt and I am sorry. You will not be hurt again, I promise you. No more hurt. Only love and good corn and running like the wind . . .” The small monotonous chant went on, quiet, soothing, until some of the louts in the rear of the circle called out rude suggestions. Milord turned and glared in that direction.

“If any of you can do better, I suggest you come forward now and prove it!” This brought an end to the jeering.

Chloe had ignored the whole interchange. Her soft voice coaxed and soothed and promised, and the stallion bent his head to see better this new man-creature who did not shout or threaten or cause pain. In a moment the girl stepped closer. The great horse reared but did not scream or strike out. Then Chloe moved closer still, and held one hand up to touch the sweating neck above her. There was a concerted indrawing of breath. No one made a sound. Every eye was on the drama in the center of the ring.

Chloe’s voice came a little louder, but still quiet. “Men, I am going to remove the saddle. Then I shall release the chain. I think you all should move back very quietly beyond the fences. I do not know what action the stallion will take when he is released. Go quietly.”

There was a concerted movement away from the tethered horse. Only Lord Randal stayed where he was. His eyes were fixed on the two figures—the girl and the great horse.

She was still talking, low-voiced, and Milord thought he had never heard a sweeter, more seductive sound. He could feel his own tense muscles relaxing as he listened. Then Chloe lifted her hand and stroked once, gently, down the sweating hide. The stallion trembled, but stood.

She said, “I am going to take that dreadful thing from your back, my friend. I know it hurts you. I feel the pain. Let me take it from you!”

“You’ll never make it!” thought Milord. “It’s too heavy—and too high!” He moved forward slowly. Instantly the great head swung toward him, the ears forward.

Lord Randal found himself adopting Chloe’s tone.”I want to help you,” he said gently. “I want to help. The saddle is too heavy.”

Chloe did not take her hand from the horse. “He is a friend too. He wants to help you. He will not hurt you. Let him help.” But the stallion twitched and shook his head and pawed at the earth with one hoof.

“Must it come off?” whispered Milord.

“Yes,” Chloe answered. ‘I think the squire has placed two metal points under it, so they pierce his body when pressure is put on the saddle. See the streams of blood?”

There was an angry murmur from the crowd.

“But when you try to loosen the girth, will not that exert more pressure on the barbs?” protested Lord Randal.

“I think I can ease it out gently,” whispered the girl. “He has been so wounded!” Her voice shared the stallion’s pain. He twisted his beautiful head to look at her. She murmured to him, and then moved till she stood almost under him. Her small brown hands were quick and careful at the cinch, and in a minute the two ends fell loose. The horse shivered.

Then Chloe stood close and, talking quietly, placed her hands under the saddle and gave a mighty heave, jumping with it to fling the heavy leather up and off the stallion’s back. The horse reared, but the tormenting object which had been giving him such pain was down on the ground. His skin twitched and rolled, and he snorted and sidled away to the length of his chain. Chloe came and put her arms around his neck as far up as she could reach, and wept with relief and compassion. The horse stood quietly, permitting her caress. Then, crooning her little love song, she moved to his head and lifted her arms to unfasten the chain from the short leather strap. The men in the crowd turned and ran for the fences and safety, but Chloe and her horse and Lord Randal Beresford stood together in a little quiet island of love and exhaustion.

With a long, shuddering breath the great stallion bent his proud head and rested his neck against the girl. After a moment, Chloe lifted her small, sunburned face to Lord Randal’s gaze.

“It’s over,” she said quietly. “He trusts me. Now I must see to his worst wounds before I lead him to my Aunt Janet’s farm.

Lord Randal roused himself to meet this new idiocy.

“Lead him—? You are going to try to fasten this poor brute to the curricle?”

“Of course not! I shall buy me a little mare at the Horse Fair here, and a plain saddle, and ride slowly with him on a rein. He will follow me.”

Milord set his teeth. He had seldom felt himself so little in charity with a human being. Granted, she had accomplished a miracle; no one had been injured; the horse was exhausted but sane. Not content with this, she now proposed a parade down the highroad with a sick and potentially dangerous animal, on an untried mare. “I cannot allow—” he began stiffly.

Chloe faced him wearily. “You cannot prevent,” she said. Just when she would have welcomed a return of their easy camaraderie he was coming the great lord on her! She had better put an end to that at once. “I am most sensible of the debt I owe your lordship—” she began formally.

Milord said a rude word.

Unforgivably, Chloe laughed.

Lord Randal bowed, said coldly, “In that case, may I bid you God-speed? It has not been a pleasure to know you!” and stalked off, stiff-backed, to the inn. Let the girl do as she wished! It was no concern of Lord Randal Beresford’s, he thanked God!

Chloe watched him go with a strong sense of depression. Still, perhaps it was best to break the connection now, before she was more deeply involved. No one knew better than Miss Chloe Keith the unbridgeable distance between herself and Lord Randal Beresford. And the sooner that distance was physical as well as social, the safer she would be from making a fool of herself. She sighed, stroked the stallion gently, and began to lead him toward the stable behind the inn. She avoided the crowd around the Horse Fair, but a small urchin came tentatively toward her, his gaze fixed on the great horse.

“Be ye goin’ to ride ’im, then?” he asked, low-voiced.

“When his back has healed. It is too badly cut now.” Chloe answered, just as quietly. Then she had an idea. “Do you know if there is a mare for sale there in the circle?”

“More than one, I sh’d think,” answered the boy. “Do ye want a mate for ’im?”

“I want something to ride,” Chloe told him. “Would you go to the ring and bring me someone who has a mare for sale?”

The boy turned and ran back to the crowd. Chloe waited. The stallion stood, head lowered, beside her. After a few moments a man came toward her, leading a pretty little mare. The stallion lifted his head warily.

“My son tells me you wish to buy a mare,” the farmer stated, looking askance at the slender youth before him.

“I have the money, and I like the look of the mare,” said Chloe quietly. “How much?”





Chapter Six



Milord Randal resumed his journey to London a little later than he had intended that day. He lingered over a rather unappetizing meal at the inn, refusing to admit that the hope of discovering whether one wretched, unbeautiful, dowdy little dab of a girl had accomplished her purpose against the best advice of persons more knowledgeable than herself, had kept him lingering in this very uninteresting little village.

Finally, realizing that his absurd and unsuitable Tiger had no intention of asking his aid, he called for his curricle to be brought round, and set out for the metropolis in no good humor.

The traffic became heavier as he neared London. Milord had no difficulty with his team even amidst a crowd of less elegant vehicles. He did however find his eyes straying ahead, and to the sides of the highroad, to discover whether there might be a very small tiger perched on a mare, and leading a battered stallion.

When he finally did sight the unlikely trio, they had been joined by another familiar figure, the gross squire, mounted on a savage-looking bay.

Lord Randal’s first impulse was to sweep on past the group without stopping. She was so demmed self-sufficient—let her handle the brute! However, something which caught his eye in its one flashing sideways glance caused him to pull in a little further down the road, and, waiting for a break in the traffic, return expeditiously to the scene of confrontation.

The squire had one hand on the mare’s bridle, and the other was flourishing a wicked-looking crop. As his lordship pulled up beside them, the squire turned a red face toward the intruder.

“What the devil do you want?” was his furious greeting.

“You are interfering with my servant in his duties,” said Lord Randal at his most arrogant. It was a manner which had daunted worthier opponents than a country squire intent upon grand larceny. The latter huffed and blustered, and finally came out with a rather weak, “Your ‘servant,’ sirrah?” in tones he hoped expressed scorn and incredulity, but which in fact came out sounding merely addlepated.

Milord caught the fleeting hint of a grin on Chloe’s face, but his voice, when he addressed the squire again, showed no trace of anything but supreme indifference. “You have, I am sure, mistaken the matter. I have left the pound note with the landlord of that very ordinary little inn. I believe a pound was the sum you announced as the price for this beast?”

“A pound—yes, I did say—but this—this . . .”

“My Tiger,” supplied Lord Randal, silkily.

“Your groom didn’t ride the beast!” With an actual grievance to assert, the squire began to regain his self-assurance. “So the bet is off!”

“Do you truly think so?” challenged Milord, and his voice was softer than Chloe had ever heard it. She could not see his eyes, which were fastened upon the squire’s paling face. “Then you really must name your seconds, sirrah! I find I am beginning to resent you.”

“Name my—that is, this is folly! You cannot call a man out for merely seeking to recover his own property!” sputtered the squire.

“Can I not?” said Lord Randal, and it seemed more a statement than a question.

“But—well, no! that is . . .” The squire dropped the mare’s bridle and produced a not too clean handkerchief from his pocket. Wiping the sudden sweat from his forehead, he subjected the elegant, imperturbable beau before him to a wary scrutiny.

“You would fight a duel over a pound?” he muttered, incredulously.

“I would kill you because you cumber the earth,” said Milord with a delightful smile.

“You are demented!” gasped the squire, pulling his horse back away from the curricle, with nervous jerks on the reins. “Keep the beast—and I hope it will kill you!” and he set his spurs savagely into the bay’s sides and sprang away from the curricle.

“That depressed his pretensions!” said Chloe in a tone of guileless admiration.

“Getting a little above yourself, young Chloe?” cautioned his lordship, but was compelled to grin, and a moment later joined her in hearty laughter.

“Did you see the way he sprang his horse?” gasped Chloe, “I’ll wager he’s halfway home already!”

“I must say I’ve seldom met a man less anxious to name his seconds,” he chuckled. “I only hope he doesn’t take out his chagrin on that fine bay!”

“More likely on his wife, poor creature,” said Chloe, sobering.

“Well, you cannot save everyone,” advised his lordship. “You did an excellent thing in rescuing the stallion, I admit; and you have bought yourself a neatish mare,” he subjected the pretty creature to searching examination. Then his eyes went to the stallion, standing quietly beyond her. “Poor old chap! He’s tired out,” said Milord. “You had better let me convoy you to this farm of your aunt’s. No, don’t argue with me! I know better than a little country mouse what the roads around London are like. Follow me closely, please!” With this arrogant order, he gave his team the office and they minced forward, dainty disdain in every high-bred line.

Shrugging, Chloe pulled in behind her domineering defender and, uttering soothing and encouraging remarks to the stallion, followed Milord to the Kindlewick Farm.





Chapter Seven



At length, late that afternoon, when the towers and roofs of London were dimly visible through the smokey haze of the great city, Lord Randal reined in his horses. With his whip he indicated a neat green and white sign pointing to a wide lane: Kindlewick Farm, one mile.

“I believe that is your destination?” he called to Chloe, and then turned his curricle into the lane. Riding the mare and leading the tired stallion, Chloe followed Milord.

When the ill-assorted cavalcade arrived at the farmhouse, its mistress came running out of the door to greet them. Miss Janet McLeod was a tall, thin woman with a kindly, intelligent face. She was dressed in sober gray, but had pinned a bright red flower at the breast of her gown. Her gray hair was neatly pulled into a bun at the back of her head. Chloe broke into a smile.

“Aunt Janet! We are here!”

“Chloe, my dear child, welcome!” the older woman called out happily, then paused, taking in the great swollen purple bruise on her godchild’s cheek. Her eyes widened. “What has happened to you?” she exclaimed, and her glance went to the tall, elegant gentleman driving the natty turnout.

The gentleman raised his hat and bowed politely.

“I am Beresford,” he introduced himself. “I have done myself the honor of escorting Miss Keith to you. I am sure she will tell you all that has happened. Let me assure you she has come to no real harm. And now, may I bid you both good day?” With a smiling gesture and a firm, “Good luck, Tiger!” he drove smartly off toward the city.

Exclaiming at the stallion, enquiring about the journey, and reiterating her pleasure at the girl’s arrival, Aunt Janet led the way to the stables. Chloe found herself so busy answering Janet’s questions while she made the mare and stallion comfortable in the neat, well kept stalls, that she had little thought to spare for a nobleman who was probably only too delighted to see the last of such a troublesome responsibility as herself. She decided to wait until she was in bed that night before going over the events of the last few days, and coming to some reasonable sense of acceptance of the fact that she, Chloe Keith, could never mean anything to Lord Randal Beresford.

There was much to divert her mind from her own problems. She found herself staring around at what Aunt Janet had been pleased to call “my farm.” Neat green paddocks, white-fenced, stretched away on either side of the big, white-painted dwelling, two stories high—a very elegant farmhouse indeed. The whole place seemed remarkably well kept up, as were the large stables she had just been in. In fact, Kindlewick had more the appearance of a gentleman’s hobby than a working farm. In the paddocks, lounging in the shade of bordering trees or cropping idly at the lush grass, were a number of fine-looking horses, while moving busily about the fields were several grooms.

“Aunt Janet! I thought that you had a small market garden,” she said.

“Oh, that’s at the back, my dear,” Miss McLeod explained. “It is Rod’s especial province. He has some very enlightened ideas, which he got from that man Coke, of Norfolk, who seems to be turning English farming on its head!” She smiled complacently. “Roderick has been very successful. It would not surprise me if he were able to restore the family’s fortunes, in spite of what my pig-headed, pompous brother—May he rest in peace!—used always to say about Roderick! So unfair, but he was ever thus with anyone who dared to question his slightest opinion!”

Chloe stared with wide-eyed admiration around her at the thriving establishment. “I had not realized your—farm—would be so large.”

“Rod is making a good deal of money for us, but that isn’t his only reason for doing what my brother was pleased to call ‘peasant labor in a foreign country.’ ” Answering Chloe’s questioning look, she explained, “To Angus, anything outside Scotland was foreign, and therefore suspect.” She glanced affectionately at the girl, her eyes taking in the boots, breeches and the landlord’s old coat. “So suitable to dress in boy’s clothing for your journey, dear,” she commented briskly. “Now I must take you to your room where you may freshen up before we have tea. The maids have unpacked your trunks and pressed out your clothing.”

At Chloe’s expression of surprise, she added, “Oh, yes, that little snerp of a stepbrother of yours brought them here last night. He talked with Rod briefly, but refused to stay to wait for you, although urged to do so. Said he had no idea where you were, or when you’d be arriving. I thought it odd of him! Indeed, I often wondered what your dear mother saw in his father.”

“Reggie probably didn’t wish to face me,” explained Chloe. “You see, on our journey here, he got foxed and tried to borrow my savings to wager on a card game. I slipped away from the inn to avoid his importunities.”

As she spoke, Chloe had been following her hostess into the charming room, bright with chintz, that had been prepared for her. She almost bumped into her hostess, who had halted and turned to face her with a look of incredulity.

“Do you tell that that little mushroom, that counter-coxcomb, tried to game away your inheritance? It is to be hoped you’ve seen the last of him! But child, each word you say puts me in a fret to learn the whole. As soon as you are refreshened, do come down to the kitchen and we’ll have a comfortable coze over our tea and scones.”

Miss McLeod bustled away happily.

Chloe, hardly daring to take time to look around the pretty room lest it distract her from her duties as a guest, washed her hands and face and went downstairs in search of the kitchen. Janet greeted her gaily.

“Ready at last, dear child? I’ll pour us a cup of tea while you, I insist, must open your budget of news. Reggie did not mention that beautiful man—Beresford, was it?—who escorted you here. How came it about? For I would dare wager his lordship does not put himself to that sort of inconvenience in the usual way?”

Chloe chuckled. “Do you want the whole tale in a few words, without roundaboutation?”

“Saucy child! Of course I want roundaboutation! Every tiny detail of event, nuance of feeling, and a verbatim report of all conversations!” Janet’s kindly face was alight with interest and with the pleasure of having her best friend’s daughter in her own care at last.

Chloe, smiling too, told her the whole story: Reggie’s folly at the gaming table, her rescue by Milord from what could have been a very disagreeable and certainly a costly experience. Janet’s rosy face grew even more flushed with anger as Reggie’s selfish behavior was revealed. She became quite pale with alarm during the account of the attack by Sir Jerold, which had resulted in the bruised face of her godchild.

Chloe acknowledged her avid response with a grin. “You are the perfect audience, dear Aunt Janet! My little adventure seems a real melodrama when you receive it with such flattering emotion!”

The good lady shook her head. “If I know you, child, you will have played the drama down rather than exaggerating it. Just like your beloved mother—the most serene woman, so capable!” Her glance sharpened. “But that is not the whole tale, is it? I know how you came by the ugly bruise upon your face, but now how you acquired that noble, wounded stallion.”

Janet was no longer smiling when the story of the savagely tormented horse was finished. Without comment, she got up and made a fresh pot of tea. After pouring them both a cup, she sipped slowly. Then she said, “You might have been killed, my child.”

“No,” said Chloe quietly.

“Yet in his pain, driven to madness by his torment, the horse might have trampled you without personal spite . . .”

“I think not,” said Chloe gently. “You see—we had communicated, he and I. He knew I had come to help him.”

Janet shook her head. “At least he did not hurt you,” she admitted. “He seems a noble beast. Rod will be impressed.”

“How is your nephew?” asked Chloe. “And also, where is he? I hope he is not too angry with you for foisting me and my animals onto him?”

Janet smiled complacently. “He has come to see if he can get pupils for your new riding school. He did want to have something positive to present to you when you came.”

“Kind Rod,” smiled Chloe. “I remember him from that one visit. Such a solemn, quiet little boy he was!”

“He is still solemn and quiet,” said Janet. “Now upstairs to your bedroom, dear Chloe, and rest and refresh yourself. I’ll just see to supper and then come up to help you put away your clothing.”

“I believe I must buy a few clothes,” frowned Chloe. “I wonder, Aunt Janet, if it would help my chances at establishing the riding school if I pretended to be a young man and dressed accordingly?”

Janet did this madcap suggestion the courtesy of considering it carefully. “The initial advantage might be greater,” she decided finally, “but in the long run, it would prove irksome to be forever minding your conversation and sustaining the characterization. And the resultant brouhaha if the masquerade were to be discovered might likely ruin your whole enterprise. No, I think you had best continue as Chloe Keith—even if it is necessary to proceed more slowly in building the clientele.”

Chloe hugged the tall figure. “You are a tower of strength,” she told Janet. “I am so glad I have your love and support!”

“That Reggie!” scolded the older woman. “I had thought he might protect and help you on the journey! But where is he when you need him?”

“Far away, I hope,” answered Chloe dryly. “I do better when I do not have to concern myself over his foolish starts.” She frowned. “I hope he will go on more sensibly in London.”

“More likely he’ll be courting disaster,” said Janet crisply. “All I can hope is that he’ll be afraid to show his front here again! I’ll read him the Riot Act if he does appear. I promise you!” She patted the girl on the shoulder. “Off with you, my dear, and rest. Dinner will be a wee while yet.”

Alone in the pretty room, Chloe wiped away a tear of gratitude for the loving warmth of the welcome. Then briskly she put away the few things from her portmanteau, grateful that Reggie had had the decency to deliver her trunk and boxes. Thankfully she removed the boy’s clothing, and placed it in the bottom of the chest of drawers. After she had bathed herself, she decided to try out the comfort of the bed which looked so enticing. She donned her well-worn robe and lay down. Two minutes later she was fast asleep.



She wakened with the knowledge that there was someone in the room. Lying in drowsy comfort, eyes still closed, she thought that a knocking on the door had first roused her from slumber. The girl stretched lazily, then flashed her eyes open as she heard a muttered phrase in a man’s voice.

Towering over the bed was the biggest man she had ever seen. Even Milord Beresford, for all his inches, was not so tall nor so broad. Her eyes sought out his face. Beneath a thatch of blond curls was a strong tanned face, with bright blue eyes, and at the moment, a rather sardonic expression.

“Startled you, did I, love?” he inquired in a deep voice laced with amusement. Chloe noticed that he did not apologize for wakening her, nor for his presence in her room. “But surely, in such an old friend as myself, you can excuse my eagerness for a reunion?”And now the note of mockery in the voice was apparent.

Chloe regarded his complacent smirk with the mild benevolence which an elderly aunt might assume toward a youthful nephew.

“I do believe you must be young Master Rod!” her voice expressed gentle wonder. “Aunt Janet warned me you were still the solemn, quiet lad I had once met. It would seem she does not know the whole.”

“About either of us?”

Throwing back his head to show a strong rounded neck, Rod shouted with laughter. “You are still the same little wasp I remembered—just a little better padded in all the right places,” and the bright blue eyes swept shamelessly over Chloe’s small form stretched out on the bed.

“Time, and past time, to remedy that,” decided Chloe. With a lithe movement she swung herself to her feet. The trouble was that Rod didn’t have the courtesy to move backward to give her room, and she found herself pressing against the huge body. Quickly turning her face toward his, she said sharply, “What are you playing at?”

He stepped back a pace, still smiling wickedly.

“Believe me, love, it was irresistible! Had you thought to find some rustic clod to greet you? With an aunt like Janet, former governess to a Duke’s family, I’ll be bound I’m as well schooled as any wealthy Cit’s cub—or any fine lordling.”

Chloe smiled. “Knowing Janet, probably better! But I would wager a packet you didn’t learn that cozening boldness from Aunt Janet! Doing it a bit too brown, Rod!”

The giant cocked his head and regarded her quizzically. “I might have said you hadn’t changed a bit, little wasp, but I’m not so sure of it. There’s an enticement under the sting . . . Well, we shall have to see, shan’t we?” and he held out a huge hand toward her. “Friends—for old times’ sake?”

Chloe placed her small hardened palm against his. “Truce,” she amended warily. “For Aunt Janet’s sake.” She was not at all sure she was going to like the man Rod had grown into.

Rod grinned at her. “That will suit me for now,” he said, outrageously. “Come along then, love, and tidy yourself up. Janet expects us for dinner, and she’s made a good one. Bustle about!” and still grinning, he went out of her room.

“Really!” the girl thought, “anything farther from a rustic clod would be hard to discover!” She’d have to watch herself with Rod, just as she had had to do with the younger sons of some of the local gentry she had worked for at Grange Holt. Well, she had managed it there; surely she could handle one man with a wicked gleam in his eyes and more assurance than was seemly!

She found herself, however, making a much more careful toilette than she might have done for a dinner with Aunt Janet. When she ventured down the stairs twenty minutes later, she knew she had never looked better. She was wearing her best shirtwaist, somewhat to her own surprise, and had brushed her short dark curls until they shone. The waist had long sleeves, which cleverly covered her tanned, rather thin arms, and a perky little ruff-like collar that set the small, big-eyed face off as though it were in a frame. She had no powder to cover the bruise, but the swelling had gone down.

Janet received her with warmth, and directed Rod to pull out her chair for her to the right of her own. “I understand you two have already met?”

“The half was not told me,” retorted Chloe, grimly.

Rod grinned as he seated himself directly across the table from the girl. Aunt Janet hastened to defend herself. “Well, I did say he was still solemn and quiet—” she began, smiling.

“That’s what I said. I was seriously misinformed.”

“Oh, dear!” Janet looked with mock dismay from the girl’s stern face to smiling self-assurance of the big man.

Rod’s gaze moved over Chloe’s face and hair, and down her body as far as the table revealed it. “That’s a very pretty gown, love. The color brings out the anger in your face.”

“Rod!” gasped Janet, and turned to the girl beside her.

“Not quite as well as that homespun coat suits you,” retorted Chloe with sugary sweetness.

Janet stared from one to the other, a real frown on her forehead. Chloe pulled herself together quickly. This feud or whatever it was between herself and Rod must not be permitted to hurt Aunt Janet, whose kindness and affection for herself was of too long standing, and so well-proved by her current invitation to share her home and all its facilities. So, smiling more naturally, she leaned over and caught at the older woman’s hand.

“Dear Aunt Janet, forgive me, please. I am tired from my—adventure, and acting cross as crabs.” She turned to face the man. “Will you forgive me too, Rod? I understand from Janet that I have you to thank for your efforts to get me pupils. That was most helpful of you!”

“Trying to turn me up sweet, love?” mocked Rod. “Aunt Janet, what was that aphorism you had me learn? ‘Gratitude is the lively appreciation of favors still to come?’ ”

Into the stunned silence that fell after this set down, even Janet did not seem to be able to thrust a well-meaning mitigation. Chloe ate her dinner, eyes to her plate, for several minutes, and then, feeling that she might lose what she had eaten if she were forced to remain longer at this table, she rose and said gently to her hostess.

“Dear Aunt Janet, I find I am more exhausted than I had realized. I’ll just go up to my room now, take a potion, and get a good night’s sleep. Thank you for everything! We’ll talk tomorrow,” and she bent swiftly and kissed the older woman’s cheek.

Once out of the dining room, she ran quickly up the stairs and into the bedroom Janet had prepared for her. Hastily, almost with loathing, she thrust off the rosy waist in which she had hoped to make them think she was pretty. What folly! Reggie had told her often enough what a poor little dab of a woman she was—in fact. It was a constant theme of his. Better to accept the truth of it and concentrate her strength upon the work of establishing herself with the riding school and the training of horses. There she knew she had competence, ability beyond the common—the affinity with horses at which Lord Randal had been so amused when she mentioned it.

“But I do!” she said aloud, in a tight, desperate voice which she did not recognize as her own. She wondered if it would be necessary for her to seek out new lodgings. She knew that Rod lived with his aunt, carrying the complete responsibility for farm and stable, could Chloe endure staying under a roof which was at least half his? Eating food which his work had put upon the table? She did not think she could bear it, if tonight was a fair sample of what his attitude was going to be. And then a new thought struck her: why had he been that way with her? Even at their first meeting, he had not acted like a young man meeting a guest in his home without prejudice. No, even then there had been something almost hostile in his challenging attitude. Wearily, she shrugged as she donned her riding breeches and boots, and threw a coarse shirt over the chemise she had been wearing. Tucking in the shirt, she slipped quietly out of the door and went down the hall to the rear stairs which led to the kitchen. Luckily, the room was empty, although Chloe could hear voices coming from the dining room. Stealthily she crossed the kitchen and went out the back door.

The night air was cool and refreshing against her hot cheeks. As she walked toward the stable, she realized that she would have to prepare a convincing story for Aunt Janet tomorrow, one that would make it impossible for the older woman to coax her to remain. Yet it must not be at the expense of Rod—it was obvious, in all Janet had said, how much she admired and loved this giant man.

By this time Chloe had entered the stables, and all her thoughts were for the stallion. She approached the box where she had bedded him down with caution, speaking low-voiced reassurance. She found him on his feet, and the soft cloth which she had put over his back, to cover the ointment on his wounds, was off him and hanging over the side of the stall. His lovely head turned toward her, and a faint snort told her he had recognized her. Chloe went into the stall, and up to the horse’s head. He bent it to her, and permitted her to stroke him gently.

“My poor friend, are you resting any easier? I promise you, you will feel more the thing soon. You will be running and trumpeting and challenging every other horse in ten miles. I have no doubt!” she laughed gently, and continued to stroke his head as she tiptoed up to scan the wounds on his back and croup. They did not appear to her to look any more angry than when she had first tended to them—in fact, perhaps a little less jagged.

“It is too soon to tell, my dear friend, but I believe you will feel easier soon. Oh, my friend, it seems we have need of each other this night! I shall stay here with you,” she promised, in a low, broken voice. The horse lowered his head with a sigh.

“I pray you will let me watch with you,” said a deep voice just behind her.

Chloe turned slowly, so as not to disturb the horse. So close to her that she could feel the warmth from his body stood Rod, a look on his face which was different from that she had seen before. Chloe drew herself up and moved away from him.

“I think we have nothing to say to one another, sir. I am leaving tomorrow, and will try to keep from intruding in your home again. Or cadging for favors.” She could not resist that last.

The giant was shaking his head, and he held one hand out to her. “Please, Chloe, of your charity, do not remind me of my boorishness—cruelty—folly! I was completely under a misapprehension. If you would in kindness let me explain—?”

Chloe studied the handsome, unhappy face before her. What new start was this? Dared she accept on trust any overtures from a man who had dealt as cruelly with her as this one had? The giant was watching her face anxiously.

“If you do not let me explain—and perhaps even forgive me—I shall never dare to face Aunt Janet again. I realize I have deeply offended, but if I could be allowed to explain—?”

Chloe sighed and her shoulders drooped. She leaned wearily against the stallion. He whinnied softly and put his head back to nudge at her shoulder. Rod watched this display of affection.

“It is plain that it was not you who wounded the horse,” he began slowly, his eyes narrowed on her face.

“Had you thought it was?” gasped Chloe, head raised to face him. “If so, I can excuse anything you said or did to me! That any human could behave in such a vicious manner should place him outside civilized society! I was able to save him—!”

“So Aunt Janet told me,” interrupted the man. “She also told me the whole story which I had heard in a completely different form already.”

“How is this?” asked Chloe. “Who else—?”

“Your stepbrother, Reggie Callon, came around to the stable last night after supper and delivered your trunks. He told me a story . . . I was a fool to believe him, but I did not imagine any man would so contemptibly blacken the name of his own sister falsely!”

“What did he tell you? No, I insist upon knowing what lies Reggie has chosen to spread about me!” insisted Chloe.

Rod set his jaw, but, after a moment, he nodded. “It might be as well for you to know what he has been saying,” he decided. “First, he said you had run away from his protection with a man notorious for licentious behavior—” To Chloe’s gasp of outrage, Rod answered, “Yes, Janet told me the truth of that, including your charming brother’s efforts to gamble away your savings. It seems he would have gambled away the very coach you both arrived in, had the landlord not interfered—probably in a laudable effort to make sure you did not have the Runners down on him for chousing his guests.”

Chloe smiled politely at his effort to lighten her misery, but she could not deny that Reggie’s behavior had hurt and angered her. Bad enough to try to hazard all her slender store of money on his folly, but to blacken her name into the bargain! How many persons did he intend to regale with this story? And if it should ever get back to Lord Randal’s ears—! The thought horrified her.

“Did he name this licentious nobleman with whom I was supposed to have eloped?” she asked angrily.

“No. I do not think he knew, if indeed he believed his own invention. At least he did not mention a name to me”

“But how did he know about the stallion?” queried the girl.

He seemed to have difficulty in meeting her eyes. “He said nothing about the horse.”

“Then why did you assume I had tortured it?”

“I must confess to you, Chloe, that before you arrived I had formed a very poor opinion of you. From what Callon had told me, I mean! All day I have been worrying about what I should say if you came here under the protection of your licentious cavalier—or what I should say to Aunt Janet if you arrived without him—”

“Cast off after only two days?” sneered Chloe. “The wonder would rather have been that any cavalier, licentious or not, would take up with a poor little dab of a female like me! Surely you must have wondered, when you came to my room and saw the ‘scarlet woman’ at last, why any man in his senses would bother?”

Rod’s face was white under the tan. “I forbid you to speak so of yourself!” he roared.

The stallion raised his head and pawed nervously at the straw.

“Be quiet!” snapped Chloe. “The poor fellow has been so tortured by men that a loud rough voice can set him into a frenzy. You have not answered me. Why did you assume I had tortured him?”

“Having had this false report of you, I am afraid I naturally expected the worst. When I came into the stable with my own horse before dinner tonight, I saw the two newcomers at once. The little mare is a charming animal, and I petted her before I saw the condition the stallion was in. I wondered at the sheet covering his body, took it off—and was disgusted and angry.”

“You did not give me a chance to explain, did you? Or to reply to the accusations against me? I wonder why. Are you always so ready to believe evil of someone you do not know?”

Rod set his teeth. “I was afraid of that,” he said, between them. “When Aunt Janet had told me the whole story, and lashed me for my stupidity—my gullibility!—she said you would not wish to forgive me. She said I had created an intolerable situation, and destroyed her chance for a companionship she had long been anticipating. She said you would find some plausible excuse for leaving Kindlewick Farm tomorrow—and she would never forgive me for depriving her of your company and friendship. Was she right, Chloe? Can you not find it in your heart to be compassionate?”

Chloe’s emotions were in a turmoil. There had been reason for his rudeness—Reggie had a plausible tongue and she had watched him talking himself out of scrapes all his life. He would have feared that Chloe’s account of his behavior might initiate reprisals from Aunt Janet or Rod, and hoped to get his poison in before she arrived to tell her story. But as usual, Reggie was no judge of men or women; he was too self-centered to understand the normal reactions of reasonably intelligent people. Still, he had caused a very nasty situation, from which she was emerging with deep hurt. Chloe wondered if she could forget the scene at the dinner table tonight. She could forgive, yes. It was easy to forgive when the whole truth of a matter was known. Rod had acted harshly, but he had, as he said, some justification.

The girl sighed. What it all came down to was the fact that Aunt Janet would be heartsick if Chloe left her home after such an unhappy experience. She lifted her great shadowed eyes to the man’s anxious face.

“Of course I shall stay for awhile—” she began.

The man interrupted. “No, that won’t do! You must promise to stay until the school is established and flourishing—or until I can be sure you have something solid behind you to ensure your living in comfort—”

“That may mean forever,” Chloe tried to laugh. “At this moment I fear I have little confidence in my skills.”

“That is my fault,” said Rod doggedly. “My behavior has made you even more tired and unhappy than your experiences on the way to us. You must forgive me! Please promise me that you will give me a second chance to welcome you and help you!”

It was her tiredness that won the day for Rod. Chloe nodded wearily and agreed to remain. The next thing she knew, Rod had lifted her gently in his arms and was carrying her back to the house. She was too exhausted to argue with him, and permitted him to carry her right up to her room, where she found Aunt Janet waiting with an anxious face, and a cup of tea, and two hot bricks in a flannel.

Chloe smiled. “It seems I am to be pampered out of my sulks,” she said gently.

Janet was rosy with relief. “My dearest child, thank you!” she said softly and kissed the girl’s cheek as soon as Rod placed her on the bed. “We’ll both make it up to you—you’ll see!” she promised.

Rod stood quietly by the door. “I’ll stay with the stallion tonight,” he told her. “He’ll be all right now he knows you are safe.”

As she dropped off to sleep, Chloe wondered a little at what he had said. For it was the truth, she knew. But how had he known?





Chapter Eight



The next few weeks were the happiest Chloe had ever known. The loving care with which Aunt Janet surrounded her, the interest Rod showed in her growing stable, and his knowledge of horses, of which he made her free, formed a warm circle about her days. Yet she could never entirely erase from her memory the experience of her first night at Kindlewick, and many times she caught herself watching Rod warily. It appeared he was aware of her continued distrust, yet he said nothing further about it. It seemed to Chloe that he did not really care how she felt, as long as she did not distress Aunt Janet. Even so, Chloe had to admit, as she tentatively accepted their support, how grim and loveless her past few years with her uncle had been. She thought she could ask little more from life than to continue to build her stable at Kindlewick Farm, and establish her school nearby.

When she spoke of this to the McLeods, Rod advised her not to be in too great a hurry.

“You have your hands full at the moment training your horses,” he said pleasantly. “Don’t rush ahead with the plan for the school until you have everything in readiness.”

“For instance?” challenged the girl.

Rod grinned at her engagingly. “A roster of prospective students, for one thing.” He chuckled at her crestfallen air. “It just happens that I have dropped a word here and there among my clients in London—” he paused provocatively.

Aunt Janet was as eager as Chloe to hear more. Rod smiled at their excitement.

“Is clients too pompous a word, I wonder? Should I rather say customers? Aunt Janet, you would know the proper term.”

“I know what will happen to you if you don’t stop tormenting us, and tell us what success your efforts have produced,” warned his aunt.

Rod capitulated with such a friendly glance at Chloe that her heart missed a beat. “I have about six little lads and lassies whose parents have agreed to send them here for training in proper equitation,” he admitted, and then accepted their excited admiration with a very complacent expression. “I am to tell them when we are ready,” he went on. “I shall need to go over with you, Chloe, the steps you will be using to train the children. Oh, I know you have done this with success in your former home, still it will not hurt to be doubly sure.”

Chloe struggled between annoyance at his arrogant assumption that he knew more about her work than she did herself, and gratitude for his quiet efforts to help her. Gratitude won, and she was able to thank him with a flash of her old, lovely smile.

Rod noted this radiant sweetness with narrowed eyes. “I haven’t too much planned for today,” he said. “Why don’t you meet me in the stables in half an hour, love, and show me how you intend to proceed with your students.”

Not waiting for her answer, he turned and strolled off.

“Love?”

Chloe, stunned by his use of the endearment, found herself with nothing to say. Not since their first painful confrontation had Rod used that mocking blandishment. Yet surely his voice today, with its faint, delightful Scots’ burr, held none of the sneering challenge he had offered her then? Chloe tried to rally her defenses against this unexpected development. She stared after the huge, cat-graceful figure.

Janet watched that revealing little countenance, frowned and opened her mouth to make a comment. Then she changed what she had planned to say. “Walks well, doesn’t he?” she asked instead. “I can almost see the swing of the kilt.”

After a moment the girl turned to the older woman, a betraying blush staining the sun-burned cheeks. “I hope I thanked him properly,” she said. “It has been a dream of mine for so long . . . and Rod announced his success so casually—”

“He is a very determined young man,” Janet advised her. “I believe I have come to expect that anything he puts his hand to will turn out well.”

“Could you—would you tell me a little about—about what he’s done?” asked the girl, surprised at her own rather stammering request.

“It has been rather remarkable,” confessed Janet. “As soon as he came down from Edinburgh University, Rod used his patrimony to purchase a large tract of land here on the outskirts of London. It is good, rich land. As soon as he owned it, he went off to Norfolk to see Mr. Coke’s experimental farm at Holkham—a Mecca for agriculturalists, I am informed! Rod was able to consult with Mr. Coke about the latest in husbandry. Then he went back to Scotland and recruited crofters from the villages near our old home—younger sons like himself, youths who knew farming from their cradles, yet hankered to live a more exciting life than was possible on the poor farms in those remote areas.

“He built small cottages around the perimeter of this acreage, and encouraged his young farmers to marry. The close proximity to London convinces the men that they are near the center of exciting events, and keeps them satisfied. Here their particular skills provide them an excellent living which they realize they could never hope to equal were they to seek employment in the city itself. They work hard and do well. As a result, Kindlewick Farm produce is on order from most of the great houses in London and the better hotels. We have no need to see for buyers—Rod has deliveries made every morning to an established clientele.”

“He planned and managed all this himself? How proud your family must be of him!”

“On the contrary,” Janet confided wryly, “Rod’s older brother, who is now head of the family, has washed his hands of both of us, saying that Rod has disgraced the name McLeod, and I’m little better for encouraging him in his folly.”

“But that is madness!” exclaimed Chloe. “If they could see all this—” she indicated the thriving establishment.

“A genteel failure would have pleased Angus more,” said Janet. “Now, dear child, should you not be on your way to the stables for,” she smiled conspiratorially, “your examination by Dominic McLeod?”

Suddenly lighthearted, Chloe answered the smile and hurried off to the stables, where the great stallion, she knew, would be impatient for her presence.

Her chief interest and delight in the past weeks had been the care and training of the horse, whom she had named Amigo. He answered to the name, and obviously loved the small girl who was his personal groom and devoted teacher. Since she made every new step in his training plain, and physically easy for his returning strength, Amigo enjoyed himself very much, and was coming to have a very good opinion of himself. He constantly surprised and pleased her with the quickness of his perception, and it occurred to her that an animal of his intelligence and high spirits might be capable of more than the usual equestrian training. As he healed in mind and body, Amigo was a powerful, proud animal, eager to attempt any new exercise Chloe presented. Stableboys, grooms, and Rod himself often marveled at the perfection of understanding between the small girl and the great horse.

This morning, Rod watched impassively as Chloe ran through her program of training and exercise. She used the mare for her demonstration, and the pretty, gentle animal responded perfectly to all her demands. At last the man nodded his head.

“Well done,” he said, quietly. “I can recommend your methods and skill to the parents of my customers.” He smiled down at the girl’s flushed, eager face. “Are you too tired to go for a gallop with me now, love?”

The deeper red burned up into Chloe’s cheeks. “That—that would be fine,” she managed to say, with what she thought was a casual air. “I’d like to take Amigo. He hasn’t had his usual exercise today, and he’ll be feeling very put out.”

The big man nodded again. “I’d be pleased to see exactly what you’ve done with him,” he agreed. “One of the boys will rub down the mare. I’ll get my gray.”

Chloe went to Amigo’s special box and made much of the impatient horse. When he was saddled and bridled, she mounted and rode him out into the yard. Rod was already there, looking like a centaur on his powerful gray. They walked, then trotted, then cantered along the lanes until they passed the cultivated fields and entered into open meadows.

“Now,” said Rod, “show me what you have accomplished with Amigo, Miss Keith.”

Amigo, knowing himself to be on show, danced through his paces elegantly. Rod was unable to fault him, and as the girl brought the stallion back to face the man, she touched him with her heel in the signal for their special surprise.

Amigo drew up in front of the gray, backed two paces, extended his front leg and bowed, with a nodding of his great head and a handsome flourish of his mane.

Rod laughed and applauded.

Amigo loved it, and kept doing it till Chloe stopped him.

“Are you planning to add haute école to his dressage?” he grinned. “Or is he too big and heavy for the airs above the ground?”

“Yes, I suppose so,” agreed Chloe reluctantly. “But he’s so clever and willing! He seems to be urging me to do new things every day!”

Rod cast a knowing eye over the great glossy beast. “You’ve worked a miracle,” he commented. “Pity such a fine animal should have begun life with that vicious owner. Still, it hasn’t seemed to mark him—except for the scars on his back.”

“He seems to accept new disciplines easily,” said Chloe. Then she laughed. “In fact, I’m not sure who is teaching whom! Yesterday morning Amigo was in such high spirits that he took off at a gallop when I led him out of the paddock. He jumped the fence, then turned and jumped back, then came to me with the most quizzical look and blew at the front of my shirt. Then he went prancing around the paddock, running through all the movements I have taught him. He really is—a darling!”

Rod grinned at her enthusiasm. “So he wants to sport his skills, does he? Shall we take him for a run cross-country now?”

“Oh, Rod, could we?” Chloe clasped her hands together and regarded the man with eyes alight.

“You had better not give me such a look as that too often, Madam Mischief, lest I become even more licentious than Reggie’s disreputable lordling,” teased Rod, but there was a new light in the bright blue eyes which startled Chloe. Then Rod turned his big gray. Chloe hastily collected her reins, pressed her legs against Amigo, and followed Rod out to the lane which ran along beside the farm. In a few minutes they were coming into more open country, and they let the horses go.

“Fences ahead!” called out Rod, and set his horse for the jump. Amigo followed willingly, his powerful muscles seeming to relish the challenge. The two horses raced across field after field, taking the fences as though flying rather than galloping. Rod heard Chloe’s triumphant laughter and grinned sympathy.

“Water jump!” he warned, and sailed over it with a yard to spare.

Whether it was her pleasure in the motion which distracted her, or the fact that she had not worked with Amigo on a water jump, Chloe lost her head, and then, inevitably, her seat on Amigo’s back. While the stallion sailed over the ditch with even more to spare than the gray had had, his rider found herself deep in the water. Choking and sputtering, she pushed down with her feet on the muddy bottom and thrust herself to the surface. The next thing she knew there was a sharp blow against her back and then a choking sensation as something grasped her shirt at the collar and heaved her out of the ditch. Struggling to turn and berate Rod for his rough handling, Chloe found herself looking in the shining black eyes of Amigo. As she scrambled to her feet, the horse neighed with satisfaction. Streaming muddy water, her shirt pulled out of her breeches and torn, her hair dripping into her eyes, Chloe was not gratified to hear Rod’s deep-throated laughter joining the stallion’s.

“Men!” she said bitterly, and limped toward Amigo.

“You looked—quite interesting sailing topsy-turvy into the ditch,” Rod advised her, straight-faced. “Was that your idea of airs above the ground?”

“No, but it has given me an idea,” drawled the girl.

“How not to take water jumps?” teased Rod, dismounting.

“No. How to treat a horse who thinks he’s a clown.”

When Rod chuckled again, Chloe pointed to Amigo. “Look at him! He knows we are watching him, and he loves it.”

Amigo was prancing daintily across the field, mincing with tiny steps which ill-suited his magnificent frame. When he approached the hedge, a small bird flew up, disturbed. Amigo reacted as though the hedge sparrow were a fire-breathing dragon. He reared, rolled his fine dark eyes, pawed the air and uttered a frantic, shrill whinny. Then he cocked his head at Chloe and waited for her reaction. The sight of both the humans doubled over with laughter seemed to please him, for he trotted over to the man and pushed him so hard on the shoulder that Rod, unwarned, staggered and fell.

It was Chloe’s turn to chuckle, and she enjoyed it. “Do you believe me now?”

Rod picked himself up. “I believe our merry friend needs a good lesson,” he said. “These buffooneries could be disastrous if so large a horse tried them on one of your pupils.”

Chloe’s face became sober. “I had not thought of that. In truth, I do not plan to use Amigo in the school. He would be overpowering for a child who had not had experience with horses.”

“That’s sensible,” approved Rod. “Molly is a darling. And I’ve located two ponies and a promising young colt for your school—”

“And now that you have found me six pupils, I shall soon be independent!” breathed the girl, her face joyful. “It is all thanks to you and dear Aunt Janet. I shall always be grateful to her!”

“Because she brought us together?” teased Rod, rolling his eyes in the same manner as Amigo had done.

The girl chuckled. “No, idiot! And you’d run faster than Amigo if you thought I meant that.”

“You are calling me a faint-heart?” challenged the giant, strolling lazily over to tower above her slender form. Chloe regarded the wicked twinkle in his eyes with alarm.

“Rod! What are you—oh, don’t you wretch!—I’ll call Amigo!”

Rod swung her up in his arms as though she were a child. Holding her high against his chest, he pinned her hands in one of his great fists, and then bent his head over her face. The black stallion was watching, ears prickled.

“Amigo!” called Chloe, faintly.

“Not very convincing, love,” said Rod silkily.

But it was not from the horse that her rescue came. Instead there was an icily cool voice just behind Rod.

“Miss Keith, is this lout annoying you?”

Rod’s reaction was lightning fast for so large a man. He whirled and put Chloe down safely on her feet, and then confronted the aristocratic stranger on the roan stallion. Rod’s posture was relaxed yet wary. One look at him showed that he was not afraid of anything which the stranger could offer.

Chloe, seeing Lord Randal’s icy condemnation, knew that she had to speak quickly before antagonism developed between these two men who had befriended her. For Aunt Janet’s sake, also, this meeting must not deteriorate into an open conflict. So, advancing toward Milord’s horse, she smiled up at his arrogant handsome countenance.

“No, Milord, and yes.”

Lord Randal’s rigid expression softened, and a hint of a smile appeared around has eyes. “Tiger, you seem to land yourself in a variety of provocative situations. What is that supposed to mean—no and yes?”

“No, he is not a lout, and yes, he is annoying me—but I am afraid I asked for it, so we must both forgive him,” and she favored both men with her sweet, wide smile.

Reluctantly, the men’s eyes met and, almost against their will, they exchanged a look: rueful male acceptance of female incomprehensibility. Chloe took advantage of the truce.

“Milord Beresford, may I present Rod McLeod, Aunt Janet’s nephew?” Then, as the men acknowledged the introduction, Chloe continued, “I had just called him an idiot and a faint-heart.”

Lord Randal laughed, and, after a moment, Rod joined in. His lordship said, shaking his head, “With such provocation I am not surprised he was about to do violence on your person! Tiger, when will you learn the proper conduct for young ladies?”

Frowning a little, Chloe said, “When I become a young lady, Milord—which is hardly an eventuality to be desired in my case.”

Milord’s well-shaped eyebrows lifted slightly. “Not?”

Chloe shrugged. “You know of my plans, sir. I am going to establish my school for riders and my training stables. There will be no time in my working life for the airs and graces of a young fashionable!” She struck her hands together lightly, and shaking her head, cried almost breathlessly. “Oh, if I were only a man! How much simpler—everything would be!”

Rod grinned. “But think of the fun you’d miss.”

Milord was not best pleased by this rather risqué remark. His only interest in the chit, of course, was gratitude for the help she had been in getting him to the inn after his accident, and regret that her rather pathetic attempt to protect him from Jerold’s violence had resulted in a bruised face. Even so, he did not relish the teasing, proprietary attitude of this rustic giant. Half seriously he wondered how the yokel would strip. Glancing at him, he met the bold blue challenge of the other man’s eyes, as with a grin Rod said, “I’ve had a turn or two in the ring—and lessons in London from Tom Johnson.”

Milord looked at him with new respect—and some speculation.

Rod grinned again. “Any time,” he offered.

Chloe felt moved to intervene. “How did you find us, Milord? And what may we do for you?”

Lord Randal reluctantly abandoned, at least for the time being, his half formed plan to challenge the giant. “I have been thinking about you and your school—and, I must admit, about this beautiful creature,” and he nodded toward Amigo, who was watching the humans with every appearance of curiosity and interest. “You have brought him along very well, I see—except perhaps for the water jumps,” and he glanced with a knowing smile at her dripping condition. “There is a strand of weed above your left eye,” he added kindly.

Blushing, Chloe made haste to wipe her forehead. “It is not his fault! I suddenly took thought that I had not schooled him to water jumps, and most foolishly lost my seat. He handled the jump like an expert—did you not, my friend?” she held out her hand to the stallion, who minced over and blew lovingly at her wet shirtfront, and then dropped his great head with an exaggerated sigh upon her shoulder. The sight of the small girl comforting the giant animal amused the watching men. Chloe was quick to note their smiles.

“You see, Milord, Amigo has a great sense of humor. Instead of souring or maddening him, his tribulations seem to have induced in him a sense of the comic in life—”

“As long as he is on the giving end of the jest,” finished Rod. “He has a particular trick he is fond of playing upon my stableboys. With every appearance of cooperation, he raises his head just a little beyond their reach when they try to bridle him. I watched it one morning. Tom tried to reach him without success, then got a stool and tried again, but each time Amigo would raise his head just a little beyond Tom’s reach. I had to put stop to it, in the interest of Tom’s sanity.” Then, catching a worried look from Milord, Rod reassured him. “There’s no malice in him, I’d swear to that. And he belongs to Chloe, body and spirit. She can do anything with him.”

“Except stay on his back at a water jump,” added Milord wryly.

“Unfair! Unfair!” cried Chloe, on her mettle. “Just watch!” and mounting Amigo, she whirled him and set him cantering to the side of the field, where she opened the gate and took him back to the other side of the hedge. There she set the great stallion once more at the hedge, and he soared over it easily, and came cantering toward them with the small triumphant figure waving from his back.

Lord Randal said, smiling, “I do not know why it should be amusing, for her horsemanship is excellent, and the horse is a marvel. But she’s so tiny—”

“She is a great-heart,” said Rod quietly. “I would hope that your lordship has only good in mind for her.” His eyes met Lord Randal’s in a level stare of challenge.

“Be assured of that,” retorted Milord crisply. Then, as he returned the other’s searching glance, he added, “You are a most unusual—lout, sir.”

“I am probably better educated than your lordship,” said Rod. “And I am certainly bigger. Perhaps we may someday put our respective—er—talents to the test?”

“I shall look forward to it,” agreed Lord Randal, smiling a trifle grimly.

“After I have persuaded Miss Keith to marry me,” continued Rod. “I don’t wish to place any impediments in the path of that.”

“And you think I might present an impediment?” enquired Milord with interest.

“Let us say that Miss Keith has a kind and loyal heart, that she thinks herself under some obligation to your lordship, and that I would not wish to render you incapacitated before I had secured her pledge to myself,” explained Rod with a smooth insolence quite equal to Milord’s.

The latter stared at him for a long moment; then he smiled with real enjoyment. “May I say that I am very pleased to have made your acquaintance, Mr. McLeod?” he said as he extended his hand.

The giant clasped it firmly in his great fist.

Lord Randal returned the crushing grip. “And you don’t need to warn me that you could pull me out of the saddle with a single heave!”

“I would sooner land a tiger on my chest,” Rod admitted.

“A tiger? Or a Tiger?” mocked Milord.

“At this moment, either,” said Rod with a grin.

“Now you put me in mind of a lion,” said Lord Randal.

“I take that kindly,” Rod answered. “Most people call me an elephant.”

Just then Chloe dismounted beside them, glancing a little anxiously at the two men. They seemed to be friendly enough, conversing about animals.

“Are you talking of the Tower Zoo in London?” she asked.

“No, but I came to talk about something similar,” said Lord Randal. “There is a fine trick rider, one Sergeant-Major Philip Astley, who has a school and riding ring in a field near Westminster Bridge. He’s prospered, but more because of his exhibitions of riding than from his school. I thought perhaps you might wish to come to London with me to see a performance.” He glanced at Rod. “It might give you some ideas,” he added with a provocative smile.

Rod intervened smoothly. “Thank you, Milord! An excellent thought! I’ll take Miss Keith to London shortly. Is the performance staged every day?”

“I have tickets for you,” Lord Randal produced them from a pocket in his modish riding coat. “The structure is roofed, so one can be comfortable even in inclement weather. And if you should wish to have a horse broken, or trained, Mr. Astley will do it for you and then tell you how he did it—for half a guinea!”

Chloe’s eyes were beginning to sparkle. “What else does he do?”

“His special trick has been to ride with one foot on the horse’s saddle and the other on his head, while brandishing a sword in the air. Of late he has taken to galloping upside down, with his head resting, not on the saddle, but on a pint-pot which is set on the saddle!”

“Is it a trick?” breathed Chloe.

“No,” Milord answered seriously. “He is a brave man and a superb rider but he is more than that. He discovered that when a horse is ridden quickly in a circle, centrifugal force, that power which tends to make you move away from the center when you are going around in a circle, can help you to stay upright even on a moving surface like a horse’s back.” He paused, intent on the girl’s vivid, enthralled expression.

“Yes, I see it,” she whispered. “You would lean into the force, resisting it, and it would hold you up!” She laughed in triumph. “I see!”

“I am so glad,” said Lord Randal politely. “I hope you will enjoy the performance. There are several ladies riding, also. It is entertaining to watch.”

“We shall come tomorrow, shall we not, Rod? Can we get away?”

Rod sighed and quirked an eyebrow at Lord Randal. “Oh, I think it can be arranged. With Matt to direct them, Sam and Tom can take over the heavy duties for one day. Why don’t you ride back quickly and consult with Aunt Janet? Perhaps she would like to see the show also.”

“Oh, yes!” agreed Chloe. She turned to smile dazzlingly at Lord Randal. “How good you are to come all this way to give us a treat! Thank you, Milord.”

She mounted Amigo and galloped off, a small rider on the huge steed, both of them obviously exulting in the joy of untrammeled movement. The men watched her go. Then Rod said, “Was that why you came, Milord? To give us pleasure?”

“I am damned if I know,” admitted his lordship. “But I rather think it was because I could not stay away.”

“She is not of your world. You can bring her only sorrow,” Rod said sternly.

“You think I would do that?” challenged Beresford.

“Not deliberately, no. But what can there be between you?”

Milord did not answer, but stared after the girl and the horse with eyes which did not see the green fields and the smokey towers and roofs of London in the distance. After a time, he turned his roan and rode off without another word.





Chapter Nine



The party left Kindlewick Farm very early the next morning.

Aunt Janet was unexpectedly elegant in a plain brown traveling dress with a cape to match. Chloe had found a similar costume laid out in her bedroom when she retired the evening before. By candlelight, it appeared almost purple, but when the girl put it on in the morning, she saw how well the rich color, a deep vibrant red, suited her tanned face and dark curls. Aunt Janet had also provided a small straw hat with a dashing, upturned brim, bound with velvet ribbon to match the dress.

Appearing in the new garment at breakfast, Chloe found her throat closing as she tried to express her gratitude. “It is the prettiest dress I have ever had,” she began. Aunt Janet hugged her and seated her at the table.

“Hush, child! It gave me pleasure to make it for you. And it suits your coloring even better that I expected. Come along, now, we must eat breakfast quickly, lest Rod go on without us! He’s been up for hours, superintending the departure of the wagons to market.”

Feeling far too happy to eat, Chloe forced down some porridge and oatcakes at Janet’s insistence. They came out onto the front steps just as Rod drove his vehicle around from the stables. Instead of the humble gig she had expected, Chloe beheld, with a gasp of pleasure, a phaeton painted lustrous mahogany, the wheels picked out in gold, the folding top neatly laid back. Rod was driving two powerful bay horses, whose shining hides matched the glossy phaeton. Perched beside his master sat young Alan, the second groom, in impeccable livery of brown and fawn. The lad jumped down at once to help the ladies into the rear seat and spread a rug over their knees.

“Handsome turnout, isn’t it?” asked Janet complacently.

“Oh, yes!” breathed Chloe, but her eyes were all for Rod, quietly resplendent in a coat of sherry brown with brass buttons, and a dark plaid kilt. At his throat a plain white stock covered the strong column of his throat. A Glengarry bonnet, sporting an eagle feather, rode on his curly hair. To the girl’s eyes, he was every inch a romantic Highlander, much more impressive than the teasing man in the homespun and high boots she saw daily around the farm.

When the ladies were settled in the rear seat, Rod set his pair in motion, and the phaeton moved smartly down the lane and onto the highroad. Aunt Janet discoursed on points of interest as they approached London, but Chloe found her attention wandering back to the broad shoulders and curly golden hair of the man in front of her.

The drive through London was exciting, but left her feeling confused by the multiplicity of sights and sounds and smells. There was too much to see. Chloe began to realize, as they passed through the poorer districts, how fortunate she was to have found the safe haven of Kindlewick.

At length they crossed Westminster Bridge. At the south end, they beheld an heroic figure. In full military uniform, riding a white charger and brandishing a sword, Sergeant-Major Philip Astley touted the show at his newly-named Royal Grove. Starting as the British Riding School in a roped-off piece of open ground, Astley’s venture had grown by this time to an imposing, completely roofed over, two-story building. Its name had been changed twice, and it was now the Royal Grove, although most Londoners still called it Astley’s Amphitheater.

Rod pulled up beyond the building in a field full of vehicles, and handed his aunt and Chloe out of the phaeton. Leaving Alan to mount guard over the equipage, Rod ushered the ladies into the Royal Grove. Chloe’s eyes were even larger than usual as she stared around her avidly, absorbing every detail of the amazing building: the huge center ring, the stands and galleries which, Rod told her, seated three thousand persons, and which seemed to Chloe to be filled with chattering, colorful, elegant men and women who looked and sounded like a giant cageful of parrots.

When they were finally seated, under a ceiling painted with foliage, Chloe found a great deal to observe although the performance had not yet begun. She stole several long glances around, in an effort to discover whether Milord Beresford might be present. At the end of one of these reconnaissances, she met Rod’s quizzical gaze and dropped her own glance, blushing. He made no comment, for which she was grateful.

Then the show began. She forgot everything in the wonder of the horses. Their beauty and expertise held her entranced. There was much more than trick riding, although that in itself was almost unbelievable. Some of the acts did not even use horses, but to Chloe, even the hilarious clowns, the fabulous acrobats, and the artist who walked upon a thin rope high above the ground, were not as fascinating as the glorious, shining horses, with their clever narrow heads, huge shining eyes, and skillful hooves. How she envied the men—and women!—who performed upon these beautiful animals as though both horses and riders had wings! Mrs. Astley rode two horses at once, balancing upon those great moving backs as gently and steadily as though she walked upon the safe earth. The highlight of the day’s performance, aside of course from the much advertised sight of Philip Astley riding upside down with his head on a pint-pot, was the tumbling skill of one James Lawrence, who was dressed as the Devil and, from a trampoline, threw a somersault over twelve horses! Chloe hardly had time to breathe, so fast and furiously did wonder pile upon wonder. Rod watched her flushed, ecstatic little face with an expression which Aunt Janet, catching a look at it, could not quite decipher.

But there were others who looked also. At the end of the show, when Rod was leading the dazzled girl out of the amphitheater by one arm, a well-known voice hailed them.

Coming toward them was Milord Randal, with a strikingly lovely young woman on his arm. Chloe thought she had never seen anything daintier than the mass of shining red curls that peeped out from under a modish ostrich-plumed bonnet, the black-lashed green eyes, and the delicate features of his lordship’s companion.

“Lady Barbara, may I present Miss McLeod, Miss Keith, and Mr. McLeod?” He turned to the Kindlewick party. “My cousin, Lady Barbara Dickson.”

While the women were nodding and saying all the proper things, Lord Randal shook hands with Rod. “She liked it?”

“I feared for awhile she’d be over the railing and into the arena,” confessed Rod. “I only hope she will not feel called upon to emulate Lawrence and leap over every horse in my stables!”

“She’s a delightful child,” agreed Lord Randal.

Rod gave him a long glance. “Not a child,” he said softly. “But she is determined. I pray you may not have started something I can’t control.”

Milord frowned. “You don’t mean to say that the girl may set up her own—”

“Or seek to join this one,” said Rod.

“Surely not?”

“Not if I can help it,” agreed Rod in the firmest voice Janet, who was shamelessly eavesdropping, had ever heard him use. She smiled a secret smile. Then she turned to Chloe, who was in eager discussion with Milord’s beautiful companion over the merits of the various acts.

“I think we must be going now,” she said, quietly. “We have rather a tiring drive back to Kindlewick Farm.”

But Chloe was not to escape with a final confrontation. As the two parties moved slowly out to the field where the various vehicles were waiting, a loud voice sounded just behind her.

“Lady Barbara! Your servant! And my dear friend Beresford!”

Again Chloe felt the sudden icy chill which she had experienced at the Robbins’s inn. She did not turn to look at the man who spoke, but increased her pace toward the brown phaeton Alan was trying to bring through the jostling mass to them. Rod and Janet, aware of her pallid face, moved quickly after her. Lord Randal was too busy seeking to fend off Sir Jerold from his cousin to notice their departure. Rod lifted the ladies up into the phaeton, and leaping in, took the reins from Alan and began to move quickly through the press of vehicles to the road. He might have succeeded in getting the party away without attracting Sir Jerold’s notice, had it not been for the efforts of Lady Barbara to wave a courteous good-bye to her new acquaintances. As she did so, calling Lord Randal’s attention to the departure, Sir Jerold looked up also, and his eyes met Chloe’s anxious ones. Although she averted her face at once, Peke stood momentarily frozen at attention. The last they saw of him, he was smiling a little as he turned again to address Lady Barbara.

They were across the bridge and moving north through London before anyone spoke. Then Rod said, “Who was that man who frightened you, Chloe?”

“It was Sir Jerold Peke,” whispered the girl.

“The villain who struck Chloe in the face at the inn,” supplied Janet. “While she was acting as Lord Randal’s tiger.”

Rod was looking grim. “I almost wish I had known it when he was within my reach,” he muttered. “Do you think he recognized you, love?”

The unexpected use of the endearment quite overthrew Chloe’s hard-held poise. She began to cry soundlessly. Aunt Janet took her in her arms. After a minute, the girl squared her shoulders. “I apologize for being such a watering-pot,” she tried to make light of her anxiety. “But that man Peke is—is evil!”

“He has seen that you are under my protection and Aunt Janet’s chaperonage,” Rod pointed out calmly. “There is nothing he can do to harm you now. And I wager he will think twice before trying to seek you out at the farm.”

Chloe agreed hastily, not wanting to ruin the day’s pleasure with her fears and alarms. She began to chat with real interest about the wonders they had seen, and joined in Aunt Janet’s heartfelt expression of satisfaction when Rod disclosed that he had made a reservation for dinner for all of them at a quiet hotel on the north side of London. Chloe was impressed by the way in which Rod was treated—as though he were the laird of a powerful clan—and his party given the best table in the dining room.

“What is name of this hotel?” she asked, shyly, after Rod had ordered the meal for them.

“McLeod’s,” the big man said with a chuckle. Then, at her startled glance, “No, I don’t own it. But the owner is one of my best customers—and we Highlanders band together in Sassenach territory.”

While they were eating, Chloe told herself that her fear of Sir Jerold was irrational, for what, she asked herself, could he do when Milord was forewarned and ready? After coming to this comfortable decision, the girl turned to Aunt Janet and said brightly, “What a beautiful girl Lord Randal’s cousin is, is she not? And so conversable!”

“A regular pocket Venus,” agreed Rod, with what Chloe felt was rather too much warmth. “Those curls—those green eyes—!”

“And that bonnet with the ostrich plumes!” added Janet, in such an envious voice that both the young people were betrayed into a laugh.

The rest of the dinner went on very lightheartedly, and Chloe felt, as she was being helped back into Rod’s phaeton in the dusk, that she had never enjoyed a day more in her life. Even Alan, full to repletion from the dinner he had been served in the hotel kitchen, was quite prepared for the moonlight journey back to the farm, although he kept falling asleep and having to be rescued from a tumble into the road every half hour. They completed the journey in good time, the horses were mettlesome and eager to step out for home; the road shone white in the moonlight. Chloe thought she had never known such deep content, and drifted off to sleep herself, with her eyes on the broad shoulders before her.





At dinner in Milord Dickson’s elegant town house, Lady Barbara was talking about Mr. Roderick McLeod. “He was overwhelming, Papa,” she told her amused and indulgent father. “At least seven feet tall, and his shoulders as broad as a door! Randal will bear me out—he was wearing a skirt! Although I vow I’ve never beheld a more manly man in my life!”

Her father laughed, but Lord Randal’s grin was a trifle forced. “He’s an unregenerate Highlander, sir, but I must admit I’ve never seen him in a kilt before. Owns a prosperous market-farm outside the city.”

“A farmer?” asked Barbara and her father in unison. The girl laughed. “He couldn’t be!”

“My word on it, answered Randal lazily. “Take you out there one day to see the fellow in all his—uh—bucolic glory,” he offered.

“For Gad’s sake don’t call his kilt a skirt,” advised her father. “The rebellious savages were forbidden by law to wear ’em for years after their defeat at Culloden Moor.”

“I can’t imagine anyone forbidding Mr. McLeod to do anything,” murmured Barbara, with a provocative glance at her cousin.

His answering smile was wary. “Don’t tell me I shall have to be fending off Rod McLeod, Barbara! As if I had not enough trouble with Sir Jerold!”

“Is that fortune hunter still hanging about?” growled Lord Dickson. “I told you, Barbara, if you cannot discourage him, I’ll send him to the right-about!”

“He is a toad,” said the girl succinctly. “As for Rod McLeod, Randal, I don’t think you’ll have to act the dragon where he is concerned. I suspect his eyes are turned in quite another direction.” Smiling a little at Lord Randal’s disconcerted expression, she went on softly, “Yes, I fancy our braw Highlander has his eyes on little Miss Keith—the lucky girl!”

Lord Randal discovered that, for some reason he did not understand, that idea displeased him.





By the time Sir Jerold Peke had located his groom, mounted his horse, fought his way through the undisciplined crowds streaming away from the Royal Grove, and set off after the brown and gold phaeton, it was already too late. After a fruitless half-hour search he was forced to admit that he had lost it. He gave up, and returned to is lodgings in Clarges Street in bad temper. Over several glasses of brandy, he considered the startling possibilities which the encounter at Astley’s had suggested to him. If the girl in the dark-red dress was indeed the same person as the grubby tiger who had been in attendance on Beresford at that inn, then Jerold Peke had within his grasp a chance to get revenge on a man he hated.

If only he had not lost sight of the brown phaeton! It was a prime turnout, the horses better than anything he himself had ever owned. Could he have been mistaken? He bit his knuckles, a prey to indecision and fear. Beresford and his cousin had been talking to the girl and her companions. If Peke’s suspicions were correct, and the chit really had been masquerading as a boy in Lord Randal’s company, would he have dared to flaunt her before the Lady Barbara? It seemed wildly unlikely.

On the other hand, Peke thought he could not have been mistaken in those huge gray eyes. And the girl had recognized him! There had been shock and fear in her gaze. Peke recalled with enjoyment the moment when his fist had hit the Tiger’s jaw—the satisfying contact with vulnerable flesh and fragile bone. No, he could not be mistaken! The girl was the same creature who had been sharing Lord Randal’s room at the inn.

Pouring himself another glass of brandy, Sir Jerold began to consider how best he might use this damning information against Beresford. Order Peke away from the Lady Barbara, would he? Well, perhaps Sir Jerold would do some ordering of his own! Still, best not to hurry. There could be more than one kind of profit to be got from this situation! Sir Jerold began to smile gloatingly as he drained his glass and made his plans.





Chapter Ten



Chloe could hardly wait to get out to the stables the following morning. As she fed and groomed Molly and Amigo, she told the stallion about the fascinating show she had seen at the Royal Grove.

“They were not so beautiful as you, my friend,” she concluded, “but they had the advantage of better training than I have known how to give.” She sighed wistfully. “If I could only have taken you with me, to see them—” She paused, much struck by the idea. Then she finished softly, stroking his warm, soft nose, “If you had seen them, you could have imitated what they did, given half a chance!”

Amigo regarded her coquettishly with one lovely large dark eye. The girl chuckled. “Yes, I know what a wag you are! ‘Imitate them?’ you are saying! ‘Given half a chance I could improve upon anything they can do!’—and the devil of it is, I believe you! So now we must plan how we can get you in to watch the lovely horses at the Royal Grove. But first, I think, we’ll try what I can do to teach you some of their tricks, shall we?”

Amigo was delighted at the idea, and pawed eagerly, snorting and blowing, until Chloe had him bridled and on their way to the furthest paddock. For the girl was not going to risk premature discovery of her plans for the stallion. She had a pretty good idea that Rod’s canny view of the situation would focus clearly upon conscientious work with her new students, and look askance at any harebrained, foolhardy schemes for making a trick horse out of Amigo.

The first of the students were to come out from London this afternoon. Everything was ready at the stables. She had, therefore, the morning free if she wished to show Amigo some tricks. Rod was usually busy overseeing the work of his young farmers at this time; the grooms were exercising Rod’s horses in the paddocks nearer the farmhouse. Even Aunt Janet was occupied with the accounts today. The coast should be clear.

Chloe rode the stallion out to the furthest paddock. He took his time, running through his paces with precision and a tremendous complacency. Chloe chuckled.

“You really are a conceited fellow, you know,” she chided him. “A regular coxcomb—a saucy peacock!”

Amigo preened himself, frisking and bounding in a series of curvets as he heard the beloved voice. The pleasant music of the girl’s laughter rang across the fields as the two friends proceeded in perfect harmony to the lesson.

At first all went well. Chloe knew a great deal about horses, whatever her lack of knowledge of fancy show-tricks. She understood the wonderful memory of the horse, his curiosity about new things, his sense of fun. She also understood how to work with him, making every step of a new routine clear, and not confusing him with hard new physical challenges until he had mastered the earlier ones. Today she planned only to give Amigo some idea of the fun in store. Reaching her chosen field, she began to trot, then canter, then gallop. Amigo entered into the exercise eagerly. She directed his motion in a huge circle, and found that, as always, the horse responded flawlessly to her signals of hand and leg.

“And now, my friend,” the girl slid to the ground and took off Amigo’s saddle and her own riding boots, “let us see whether we shall shine as an equestrian team.” She remounted, and set the stallion to galloping around in a wide circle again. Then, with a little quiver of excitement, she balanced her body and got slowly to her knees.

Amigo’s ears flicked back and forward. He was not especially apprehensive; he had decided that his little human was his friend, and would not hurt him. Still, her behavior was peculiar, to say the least. She was moving around on his back in a very odd manner. Was she ill? Did it behoove him, as the male leader of the herd, to protect her? He shook his head against the reins and whickered inquiringly.

Chloe, holding her breath, got slowly to her feet and stood upright, her toes curling in an unconscious gripping action. For one glorious instant she stood tall, moving gracefully to the sway of the galloping horse. And then Amigo, worried by this unaccustomed behavior, stopped short and looked around at his rider. Who promptly lost her balance and fell to the ground.

Picking herself up gingerly, Chloe heard startled laughter. She turned to face Rod, seated on his big gray, an amused audience of one at her first, less than successful performance as a trick rider.

As she watched him, he stopped laughing and said mockingly, “You did say his talent was for comedy,” he grinned.

Chloe did not know whether she was more embarrassed or angry. While she was trying to decide between two cutting retorts, Rod spoke again, and this time there was no trace of amusement in his voice.

“You, of all people, should know that it takes time! Time and patience. And what if you are hurt? You cannot run your school if you cripple yourself! Nor do you present the correct image to the parents of the students I secured for you, indulging in trick riding and dangerous circus buffoonery! Carnival fare, Miss Keith—not professional behavior!”

The big man seemed to be whipping himself up into a rage, his voice becoming louder and harsher as he finished, “I had thought you had a more dignified goal in mind!”

Stunned by the bitterness of his attack, Chloe tried at first to make light of the situation. “I don’t intend to fall often, Rod. And I do, very much, want to teach the students you found for me.” At his sardonic expression, the girl began to bristle. “I can teach my students and still have time to train Amigo in a few simple tricks—” she protested.

“I know your ‘few simple tricks’!” sneered Rod. “The next thing any of us know, you’ll be off to London hanging about Astley’s with the other clowns!”

As soon as he said it, Rod knew he had done the unforgivable. Gray-faced, Chloe began to saddle up Amigo. Then she put her boots back on, mounted, and cantered off to the stables without uttering another word. Rod stared moodily after her, unable during those crucial moments to think of a placating phrase which might have assuaged the hurt he had dealt her. He still believed he was correct in his attitude; perhaps it was better to be harsh now, before Chloe’s enthusiasm got out of control; better to nip the folly before the child got too far involved in some harebrained scheme. Still, he admitted to himself morosely, he would rather not have brought that look of shocked dismay to the girl’s face—to say nothing of the hard frozen expression with which she had ridden away from him.





It did not please him at all to learn, that evening, from Aunt Janet, that Chloe had discussed with her the possibility of the girl riding Amigo to London one day the following week. Chloe had already gone quietly to bed, and the two McLeods were seated in front of the fire, idly discussing plans for next season, when Aunt Janet asked Rod if he knew of Chloe’s latest start, and upon his rather wary inquiry, disclosed it.

“I hope you discouraged her,” Rod snapped, sitting upright and glaring in his aunt’s direction.

She raised a quizzical eyebrow. “Here’s heat! Am I to infer that you have talked of her schemes with the girl already?”

“I have forbidden her to waste any time on these circus tricks!” Rod retorted. “If that damn fool Beresford had minded his own business, we should not be faced with dangerous folly. He knew the girl was horse-mad! Taking her to Astley’s! An idiot could have guessed how she would react!”

“Then why didn’t you?” challenged Janet outrageously. “I seem to remember you jockeying Lord Beresford out of the opportunity of taking her so you could bestow the treat upon her yourself.”

“The more fool I,” groaned Rod. “She’ll kill herself trying to emulate the trained equestriennes—or cripple herself—or ruin the horse—”

“To say nothing of leaving Kindlewick Farm,” finished Janet. “She may become the rage of London. She’s brave enough, and I do believe she has special gifts with animals.”

Rod had apparently heard nothing after the first of his aunt’s speech, for his face had set into a grimace of disapproval. “ ‘The rage of London’!” he quoted with disgust. “The object of the distasteful attentions of every jacked-up demi-beau and mushroom in the metropolis! Is that what you wish for your old friend’s daughter?”

“Of course not,” Janet replied. “Nor do I think she will accept such unpleasant attentions, or even be aware of them, for the most part. She is a particularly innocent girl for her years, and not what I believe you call ‘approachable’—”

Roderick rejected with every mark of revulsion the idea that he would use such a term about any young woman. “It is all these whelps of noble houses whom you have been obliged to instruct,” he said darkly. “You have picked up some pretty highly-seasoned language.”

Aunt Janet laughed at him. “And you, my dear nephew, are like a bear nursing a sore paw. What has set you all on end? I take it that you have quarreled with the girl—hurt her pretty badly, I would say, from the look and sound of her tonight at dinner. Why must you be at dagger-drawing with her, Rod? I thought you were beginning to like her a little?”

“Like her!” snapped her nephew. “I’d as soon take a tiger to my bosom!”

Aunt Janet broke into a hearty laugh. “Well, my language may be highly-seasoned, but yours, I take leave to inform you, is shabby-genteel! Your bosom, indeed!”

“Well, to my bed, then, if we are to adopt your vocabulary.” Rod’s eyes were glittering with anger, his aunt noted with interest. She had seldom seen him in one of the notorious McLeod rages, but there was no doubt he was in one now. Chloe must really have hit upon a nerve. Janet wondered what they had quarreled about. On the whole, she was not displeased. Better open antagonism than polite boredom.

“I wonder what brought that particular metaphor to your mind?” she asked him, and chuckled at the look of loathing which followed the flash of awareness in his face.

“What exactly is your objection to her riding to London one day—aside of course from the fear that she might be molested? And we should send a groom with her to prevent any such disagreeable incident.”

“One: she might be seriously injured trying those tricks,” gritted Rod. “Two: if she were hurt, or even if she spent too much time at Astley’s, she would lose the good students I have secured for her. And I thought,” he concluded with awful irony, “that her whole purpose in coming here—as well as yours in bringing her—was to help her establish her riding school.” Then, as if unable to endure the conversation longer, Rod got up and, with chilling courtesy, bid his aunt a very good night.

The next few days passed without untoward incident. The two principals treated one another with a politeness so rigid it was insulting. This behavior did not worry Janet as much as the look in Chloe’s eyes. The child was not happy, in spite of the remarkable success of her first teaching efforts. The parents who accompanied their children to the first few lessons had been united and generous in their praise of the new riding school and the young woman who was its instructor. They assumed that Rod McLeod himself was the director, and had left messages of approval of Miss Keith with the head groom, whom Rod had ordered to assist Chloe in any way possible. Rod had intended that role for himself the first few days, telling himself he should stand by to help the chit if she lost her head. However, after their very unpleasant encounter in the far field the morning before the first lesson, he had kept himself out of the way. He had allowed himself to anticipate a reconciliation—surely the girl would realize that he had had only her own good in mind when he spoke to her so sharply after her fall? He had in fact permitted his imagination to picture the details of their reconciliation: his own kindly forbearance, his quick and generous forgiveness of her defiance, when she retracted it, the warmth and sweetness of their new understanding—! At this point in his meditations, Rod found it necessary to saddle the gray and ride hard for half an hour.

In the event, however, their next conversation was not concerned with reconciliation. As they were rising from the dining table on Sunday, Chloe asked stiffly if Rod would be so good as to give her a few minutes in his office. Rod was understood to say it would be a pleasure. The young couple retired to the room in which the business of the farm was efficiently conducted by Mr. McLeod, and that gentleman offered Miss Keith a chair with all the kindly forbearance he had imagined.

Chloe sat down and raised her great anxious eyes to meet his. “Now,” he thought, with a stirring of his senses, “she will tell me she regrets our quarrel and her part in it . . .”

Unfortunately, the girl’s first words were, “I’m going to do it, you know. I am aware you do not like it above half; in fact, for some reason I cannot fathom, you are thrown into a rage at the idea. However,” and she drew a deep breath, “I would like to tell you that I am riding Amigo into London tomorrow morning, to see if I can talk to Mr. and Mrs. Astley. I shall of course return early tomorrow evening, so that I shall be fresh and rested for the lessons I must give on Tuesday.”

“I intended to inform you, Miss Keith,” said Rod with icy disapproval, “that I have arranged for two new students to attend tomorrow afternoon. Sir Peter Daley—a friend of Lord Beresford’s—is bringing his young brother and sister out for their first lesson.”

Chloe gasped and tried to read the impassive countenance. “But that is wonderful! I could wish that you had told me about this a little sooner—but I shall try to be back in good time for their lesson. When do they arrive?”

“Lord Peter said he would get them here at three o’clock. Do you think perhaps you might postpone your little jaunt to the circus until a day when you have no responsibilities to your students?”

Chloe had almost decided that she would do just that, but something about Rod’s manner was so abrasive that she felt all her anger and hurt rising in a hot tide to her throat. So strong was her reaction that she felt almost ill. Drawing a deep breath, she stood up and faced the man.

“I shall have to leave very early, then, to get back in time, shall I not?” her voice sounded brittle in her own ears.

“After what I have just said, you still intend to go?” the angry glitter which Janet had noticed in his eyes was there again.

“I do,” replied Chloe firmly.

“Then I must warn you that if you are not here to instruct Sir Peter’s brother and sister, we must think about the possibility that Kindlewick Farm is not the place for your efforts. I,” Rod concluded, with a lamentable descent from the high tone he had taken, “resent being made a fool of by a girl who doesn’t care enough about her school to attend to her students.”

The note of drama he had thought to inject into the interview became farce when both participants, blazingly angry, turned at the same moment to make a dignified exit from the room and collided at the door. It was hard to tell who came off worse from the unexpected encounter. Chloe had the breath knocked out of her by the impact with his huge, powerful body, though it struck her only a glancing, unintentional blow. However, her evil genius, ever aware of the ludicrous, forced a laugh from her. At the sound of which Rod drew back with a hiss of rage and held the door for her. Chloe scuttled through and ran up to her room.





Chapter Eleven



Chloe had not imagined that her second trip to Astley’s Royal Grove would begin so miserably. She arose very early, well before the dawn, dressed, and crept down the stairs and out to the stables without disclosing her presence to anyone. There was a light in the kitchen, but fearful lest it be Rod, rising early to superintend the setting off of the market wagons, she did not stop to break her fast.

The smaller stable in which Amigo had his stall was empty of people, but a lantern burned, giving enough light for her to saddle and bridle her horse. Within minutes she was on her way toward the highroad. She was pretty sure she could find the proper route, and she did get herself to the outskirts of London in good time. However, for the last ten minutes or so she had been sure she heard horse’s hooves behind her. It came to her, not without a pleasant surge of angry anticipation, that the follower might be the abominable Mr. McLeod. She drew to the side of the road and waited for her pursuer to catch up. There was traffic upon the London road, but not enough to conceal the identity of the man who came after her. To her surprise, it was young Alan, mounted upon a pretty little mare.

She greeted him with welcome tinged with suspicion.

“It’s my day off,” said the youth with every appearance of pleasure. “I thought I’d look around London a bit, and maybe get to see that Astley’s place. I never did get to go in, you know. I had to mind the horses.”

At once Chloe’s soft heart was wrung. It was true, the boy had stayed with the phaeton while the rest of the party were inside enjoying the performance. “It is beyond anything great,” she said, encouragingly. “Perhaps we might go together? That is where I am bound, also, but I am not just completely sure I have got the way clear in my mind.”

Since this was exactly why Rod had sent Alan after her, but with strict injunctions not to admit it to her. Alan was quite agreeable to joining forces with Miss Keith. So they proceeded in great charity with one another, and a fascinated and rather fearful joy in the wonders and terrors of the great city.

Chloe had dressed in the new riding habit Aunt Janet had had made for her in the male style without a skirt, for convenience in teaching, and had placed a cap over her curls, so that to the casual eye they looked like two lads off for an outing in the great city. The more knowledgeable viewer might have wondered a little at the quality of the horses they rode, but at this early hour there were few such to note them. In less time than Chloe had anticipated, they crossed Westminster Bridge and turned down toward the Royal Grove. Early though it was, there was activity about the large building. They rode around to the rear of the building and, meeting a kindly-looking man, they informed him they had come to see the wonderful show, and Chloe added that she would wish to speak to either Mr. or Mrs. Astley about getting a job.

It was not so much their appearance as the undeniable breeding of their handsome horses which won a reluctant permission from the guardian of the building. Within a few minutes the two mounts were placed in an enclosure with some of the Astley horses, and Chloe and Alan followed their guide into the Royal Grove.

Mrs. Astley, a heavy, rather loud-voiced woman, greeted them pleasantly enough. Young Alan hardly answered her, so taken by the fascination of the scene was he. He stared around open-mouthed, as though not knowing where to look next. The huge building was alive with activity. Riders dressed in odd grubby garments worked with their fabulous horses, acrobats ran through their set, clowns rehearsed their tumbles and far above the ground on a tight rope, a slender man ran back and forth as calmly as though he were on the firm cobblestones of the city. As he scanned this kaleidoscope of activity, Alan’s glance fell upon two young women who stood beside a handsome stallion. Suddenly magnetized, the youth walked over toward them.

Chloe, meanwhile, was introducing herself to Mrs. Astley, who seemed a good-hearted woman for all her brusque manner.

“My name is Keith,” the girl began. “I have a small riding school just north of London, at Kindlewick Farm. I own a thoroughbred stallion who can be trained, I believe, as you have trained your wonderful horses. I—I had hopes that you might show me how to do it?”

“Lord love you, girl, it ain’t that simple!” laughed the woman. “Takes years of practice to bring ’em to what you see here. How old are you? And how old’s the horse?”

“I am twenty-one,” Chloe confessed. “Amigo is about three.”

Mrs. Astley shook her head regretfully. “Too old, me dear. Both of you.”

“But surely—if I came once a week, there would be much I could learn?”

The older woman looked at her carefully, assessing her ability and determination. What she saw in the small dedicated face seemed to impress her, but she said slowly, “It’s more than what you want to do or can do. There’s the horse to be considered. Not all of ’em have the talent nor the sense to understand what’s wanted.”

Chloe’s face brightened. “Amigo has! He’s clever, and wise, and a great showoff! I rode him here today—if you’d just take a look at him?”

“You’ve brought him? That’s good. I’ll take a look, although the Sergeant-Major is the one who knows what’s what. Astley can tell you in ten minutes whether or not a horse can be taught the routines.” She smiled at the anxious girl. “Maybe—just maybe, mind!— if you was to get a room nearby, come in every day and work hard, then in three or four months we’d see. But it depends on the horse, as I’ve told you.”

Chloe shook her head. “I couldn’t leave my school. I’m just getting it started, and it’s my living.”

Mrs. Astley shrugged. “Well, then, dear, there’s no more to be said. Look around the building—it’s Astley’s pride and joy—and you’re welcome to stay and watch a performance, if you’d like.”

“Won’t you just look at Amigo while he’s here?” pleaded the girl.

“Oh, very well, trot him out, dear,” Mrs. Astley said good naturedly. “Bring him into the ring.”

Chloe felt, as she hurried out to the horse enclosure, that the older woman was more than ready to get back to her own concerns, and was grateful for her forbearance. But when, a few minutes later, she rode Amigo into the ring, she occasioned a great deal of interest from the members of the troupe as well as their employer’s wife. They came to watch with child-like curiosity of human beings everywhere.

The great black stallion, a little nervous of this new place with its unfamiliar sights, sounds and smells, was also intensely curious, and reassured by the presence of so many other horses. He pranced and curvetted and pawed at the ground, and sent out his clarion challenge, and seemed very conscious of his own virility and skill. Chloe pulled him up in front of Mrs. Astley, where, on command, he made his elegant bow to the good woman’s hearty applause. She stepped forward, beaming, to stroke his neck. Amigo bowed his great head to her caress, accepting her admiration as his due.

“What a boyo he is! And doesn’t he know it!” she chuckled, and moved forward to examine his points. She noticed his scars, and her face darkened as she shot a look of inquiry at the girl. Chloe anticipated her question.

“I rescued him from a brute who was trying to kill him. He’s only just got back to trusting people.”

Mrs. Astley stroked the strong, warm neck. “A real beauty, no mistake! What a pity he’s so marred!”

“But he’s clever, and funny,” urged the girl. “The terrible treatment he received didn’t sour him.” She told the story of her rescue from the water jump, and his playful tricks with the grooms.

“So he’s a comedian, is he?” Mrs. Astley looked thoughtful. “Maybe the Sergeant-Major should see him. He might work as a clown act with you.”

Chloe was enthusiastic. “Oh, do you think Sergeant-Major Astley would be willing to take a look at Amigo?” The girl had almost lost hope when Mrs. Astley had echoed Rod’s opinion that proper training would require years of daily work. However, it might be possible that the Sergeant-Major would give her suggestions as to how she could work with Amigo in her spare time every day. She could manage that without interrupting her classes with the children. But there was a disappointment in store for her. It appeared that Sergeant-Major Astley had gone off to the city to buy fireworks for a gala performance, and it was not certain exactly when he would return.

“Why not wait and talk to him, dear?” urged Mrs. Astley. “There’s lots you’d like to see, and plenty of food if you’re hungry!”

When she consulted him, Alan was pleasant to remain. He had struck up an acquaintance with several of the younger performers, and could imagine nothing more interesting than spending the day with them. As for Chloe, she received the invitation with gratitude and accepted a spicy but satisfying plate of spaghetti cooked by the Italian mother of two of the acrobats.

There was so much to see and do that Chloe did not realize how rapidly the day was passing. She was flattered, too, by the attention Amigo aroused, and amused by his greedy acceptance of admiration. She was abruptly brought back to earth by a reluctant comment from young Alan.

“It’ll be past suppertime before we gets home, Miss Chloe. Maybe we better not wait for the Sergeant-Major?”

Recalled to her obligations, shocked at her unthinking neglect, Chloe bid her kind hostess a hasty farewell and fled.





It was almost dark when Kindlewick Farm loomed ahead of them. Lights were on in the Farmhouse and in the stables. Chloe dismissed Alan, and he slipped thankfully off to the stables leading Amigo. Chloe hurried up to the front door and entered quietly. The big front hall was ablaze with lamps. As the girl closed the door softly behind her, a cold voice brought her sharply around.

“So you have decided to give us the pleasure of your company at last, Miss Keith?” Rod stood in the parlor doorway, seeming to fill the space with his huge, rigid frame. His eyes glittered with rage.

“We—I was delayed in London. It is not Alan’s fault he was so long away. He stayed to be my escort.”

“It is solely for that reason that I do not dismiss him out of hand,” snapped Rod. “He showed no surprise that they had joined forces,” thought Chloe, and the image entered her mind of herself and Alan, two children in a toy shop, forgetting everything but their own pleasure. Hastily she dismissed the picture, and began her explanation.

“I was waiting for Sergeant-Major Astley to return. His wife was kind enough to promise me he would grant me an interview when he got back to the Royal Grove.”

Her inquisitor was relentless. “I believe I had informed you that I had arranged a private lesson for the younger Daleys at three, had I not?”

“You did, the girl agreed, her eyes steadfast on his, her color high.

“You agreed to return in time for the lesson,” Rod continued. “Accepting your word in this matter, I allowed Sir Peter Daley to bring his young brother and sister here this afternoon. They waited nearly two hours before giving up and returning to London. The children were disappointed.”

Chloe stared at his impassive face in which only the angry eyes seemed alive. She could find nothing to say in her defense. She had indeed told him she would return in time, but in the excitement of Astley’s she had forgotten completely. It was unbelievable—appalling. She bent her head. “I am at fault,” she said miserably.

She did not catch the merest softening in Rod’s expression, and his voice, when he spoke again, was still cold and hard with disapproval.

“Lord Beresford accompanied the party. It seems Sir Peter is his best friend. He had added his persuasions to mine that the children meet you, and possibly enroll as students in your classes.” Ignoring the stricken look in the great eyes, he continued sarcastically, “It appears you are not so anxious to establish a riding school as you gave my aunt to believe. I have been thinking hard about your proposal, and I am afraid you have not convinced me that you are in earnest about this school. Running off to see a circus when you should be attending to your work—!”

Chloe, gray-faced under her tan, spoke at last. “I have admitted that my behavior today was irresponsible and rude,” she said in a hoarse voice.

“It was indeed,” Rod agreed grimly.

The girl’s smile was pitiful. “I apologize to you, and I’ll write to ask Sir Peter’s pardon. And Lord Randal’s, of course, although I think he might understand, having been with me when I found Amigo.”

For some reason, Chloe’s reference to Beresford seemed to add fresh fuel to Rod’s anger. “Very fine,” he sneered. “And the next time you decide you want to show off Amigo’s tricks, we shall have you jauntering off to London without thought of those who must remain here and make excuses for you—!”

“You are too severe!” Chloe cried out, “I have accepted your chastisement—offered my apologies—!”

“But not,” said Rod obstinately, “your word that you will not run off again. For what it’s worth,” he added, unforgivably.

Chloe searched the man’s face for a long moment. He stared back at her without change of expression. The girl sighed—a short, unhappy exhalation which had in it something of acceptance. “I shall leave Kindlewick as soon as I can arrange for a room in the city,” she said colorlessly.

Rod’s eyebrows came together in a thunderous frown. “Running shy at the first blow?” he mocked. “Now we see how much your famous riding school meant to you!”

Chloe’s head came up. “You cannot have it both ways, Mr. McLeod,” she snapped back. “Either I am an embarrassing nuisance you wish to be rid of, or I am a human being who has made a mistake but will try to make amends! One thing I will not do is to remain here to be the whipping boy for your ill-humor!”

Rod raised his eyebrows. “Now it is my fault,” he said angrily, “How very like a woman to wish to throw the blame for all her faults upon a man who—”

Aunt Janet, interrupting the quarrel at this very inopportune moment, came rushing out of the dining parlor. “A man who what?” Chloe wondered. But the moment was lost. Janet was glaring at her nephew.

“Are you ripping up at the child again, Roderick? Surely you are old enough to control your temper with the little lass?”

For some reason, this question pleased neither of her hearers. Janet eyed their vexed expressions sharply. Then she continued, “Will you be kind enough to tell me the cause of this latest brangle?”

Since neither of the two seemed anxious to speak, she went on, “It has to do with Chloe’s absence from the farm today, of course. I’ve already told you she had my permission to go—if such a ridiculous thing was necessary! She is not a prisoner, after all, but my guest.”

Rod spoke as one at the uttermost limits of control. “Did she also have your permission to miss her meeting with two new students?” he snapped.

“I have said I will write an apology!” wailed Chloe. The various strains and excitements of this long day seemed to be catching up with her, and she had a disloyal wish that Aunt Janet had not come rushing to her aid at just this particular time. It was obvious that Rod was in a fine fury; his aunt’s intervention seemed to have exacerbated his temper rather than soothing it.

Janet, who had become aware that she had interrupted at the wrong moment, said sharply, “You both seem to have made a great to-do over a very small matter. I had expected more maturity from you!”

This blighting comment did nothing to relieve the tension between the man and the girl. Janet observed their mutinous faces with the beginnings of satisfaction. Not indifferent to one another—oh, no! If ever they found their way past these initial rapids, the powerful flow of this much emotion would sweep them off their feet! The older woman sighed. Behind her slightly dictatorial manner lurked the soul of an incurable Romantic. It had long been her dream to make a match of it between these two young people.

Rod regained his composure first. With a formal little bow he offered his apology. “Pray forgive me, Miss Keith. Of course I have no right to influence you in any way. I bid you both good night!” and he swung out of the room like a Highland chieftain leaving a hostile clan, with his big shoulders squared and his back very straight.

Chloe felt desolated. Why did it have to be this way between them? All she wanted was to exist in reasonable amity with the man, wasn’t it? She raised her glance to meet Janet’s kindly regard. “Was it very bad, today—waiting for me to return?”

Janet smiled. “Not at all! Rod took the whole party through the stables, then mounted them on his best horses and conducted them on a tour around the property. The gentlemen were quite impressed. Then I served a collation, which, if I may make a pun, Chloe, went down very well with all of them. Rod brought out his best brandy for Milords.” She paused. Should she confide in the girl her own suspicion that the root of Rod’s anger came from his jealousy of Lord Randal? No, best not meddle with the situation. The young people must find their own way. Instead, she asked, “Have you eaten? One always feels better with a full stomach.”

She led the way into the bright kitchen, where the kettle wheezed on the stove, and delectable smells filled the air. Chloe sat down and ate with a thankful heart. All she had eaten today was the plate of spicy spaghetti at the Royal Grove, and that had been hours ago. When she had finished the last crumb on the heaped plate Janet had given her, she sat back with a sigh of satisfaction. Janet poured her another cup of tea.

“It won’t do, Aunt Janet,” Chloe said reluctantly. “Rod is not happy to have me here.”

“What about you? Are you happy at Kindlewick?” asked the older woman.

“Yes! It is above anything I had dared to hope! And you both have been more than kind. Rod has put himself out to be helpful, and I repay him with thoughtlessness, ingratitude—”

“Nonsense!” Janet said prosaically, restraining this flight of self-disparagement. “You didn’t deliberately forget the new pupils, and they’ll return next week, if you wish them to! Men! They are forever putting everything at sixes and sevens with their childish starts! You must be patient with him, Chloe. He is really an excellent person—for a male.”

Chloe laughed reluctantly. “It’s kind of you to reassure me, Aunt Janet, but I know I’m at fault. It is as Rod says—I do not keep my attention firmly upon the main issue: the riding school. I had no business running off to Astley’s like a foolish child, and then forgetting the time.”

“But you were waiting to see the owner, were you not?” Janet asked, unconsciously revealing that she had overheard most of the altercation between the young people.

Chloe nodded. “Yes, Mrs. Astley gave me permission to wait to show Amigo to her husband. Oh, Aunt Janet,” she said, her voice breaking a little. “Amigo is such a darling, and he has overcome his fear and hatred so beautifully! I have the feeling he should be given his chance at—at glory.” Embarrassed, she smiled at the older woman. “If you could have seen him today, preening and prancing about under the admiring eyes of the entertainers! They appreciated his beauty and wit—and he knew it. I was so happy for him!”

Janet nodded decisively. “Then you must make a choice, my dear. Or perhaps I mean to say, put your goals in proper order. Which must come first, since I know the riding school has been a dream for you since you were a small child. Which of the two projects can wait?”

Put that way, the problem became simple for Chloe. She could always work to build the school, and perhaps if Amigo could be trained to perform, she might come by enough money to refinance the riding academy eventually. And might not the limited fame she might achieve as an equestrienne be an assistance in advertising the school? Feeling appreciably better, she gave Janet the first spontaneously happy smile of the evening.

“Yes! I begin to see my way clear—thanks to your wisdom and kindness. You have been so good to me, dear Aunt Janet!”

“I meant to be better,” quoth that good dame briskly. “Now tell me without roundaboutation, what have you decided to do?”

“Why, I think I shall remove to London, with Amigo and the mare, Molly, find me a hostel, and offer myself to work with Amigo at Astley’s. If the Sergeant-Major will not accept me as a performer or a pupil, I can work in the stable and paddock. I’ve done so for years at my uncle Ned’s farm.”

This announcement came as an unpleasant surprise. It was not part of Janet’s plan to lose the girl so soon. Rallying, the older woman pursed her lips. “Not quite good enough, my dear. There are aspects of the situation you have not yet considered. I do not think your mother would have wished you to live alone in London, even in a good hostel—if you can fine one in the city,” she sniffed. “No, I believe I must accompany you. We shall find a small place, just a few rooms, together, and I shall cook and do what other housekeeping is necessary.”

“Oh, no!” protested the girl. “I could not take you away from your lovely home at Kindlewick—and from your care of Rod! He would never be able to go on without you!”

“You think not?” asked Janet, pleased by the comment. “He has not himself expressed that view. Like all men, he takes much for granted. It might not do him any harm to see how he goes on without me for awhile.”

Chloe’s distress was obvious. “He would never forgive me!” she blurted, her face pale with alarm.

“I wonder?” mused Janet, growing more and more enamored of the idea. “I think we will try it and see.” It might bring Rod to his senses, and precipitate matters between these two stubborn young people.

“But Aunt Janet—!” Chloe began.

“My mind is made up. We pack tomorrow, and leave the day after. That will give me time to find my replacement, and to send Alan to reserve a room at McLeod’s Hotel in London while we look about us for a suitable lodging. Now, off to bed with you, child; you have had a tiring day! Excursions and alarums!”

“But the students!” Chloe cried. “I was forgetting them again!”

“We’ll notify them that there will be a temporary suspension of the lessons,” said Janet soothingly. “Good night!”

Lying in her comfortable bed in the dark, Chloe realized miserably that although it was good common sense to act as she and Janet had decided, her heart craved a different answer. If only Rod had liked her! If only she could stay, and be with him, seeing his cool blue eyes, his golden curls, and the big strong body that moved with such manly strength and grace! But of course it was impossible, for everything she did seemed to put him in a temper. He had never really liked or trusted her since Reggie spewed out his cowardly lies. All spoiled! cried her lonely heart. She wept a little, the unaccustomed tears burning. She had not known the experience of being valuable and important to anyone since her mother died. And even with her mother she had been the one to protect and comfort the older woman, rather than the reverse. Chloe sighed, then got up and washed her face. She got back into bed, willing herself to sleep so she would be rested to cope with tomorrow’s problems. There would be her own packing, and Janet’s . . .

She was still awake when, just before dawn, she heard Rod go quietly down the stairs to the kitchen. It did not enter her mind to wonder how she knew his step. She rose and dressed hastily. Whatever else she did or did not do, she knew that she could not leave Kindlewick Farm without making her peace with its owner, and trying to express her gratitude for the opportunity he had offered her to establish himself in her riding school.

Within a few minutes, Rod looked up from the table where he was dealing with a large bowl of the oatmeal porridge which Janet always had simmering on the stove. The single lamp above the table cast shadows over his face while it touched his bright hair to gold. He regarded the slender, pale little figure with a closed expression. Chloe had no idea what he was thinking. She came a few steps into the room. Still he did not speak.

“Rod—Mr. McLeod—” she faltered.

“Rod will do nicely,” the man said.

“Thank you. Rod, I am going to leave for London tomorrow,” she began.

“Are you going to meet someone there?” His question came out harshly.

“No! Not meet—that is—your Aunt Janet is going with me,” Chloe blurted the information she had been dreading to impart.

For a wonder he did not seem as angry as she had expected. “I’ve no doubt the two of you will make a fine mull of it,” he said, “and when you’re ready to call for help, I may be willing to come and rescue you.” Chloe was surprised to see the ghost of a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.

“But I did not try to take her from you,” Chloe urged, not quite understanding his attitude.

“Oh, she’s been hankering to get off to the metropolis for months,” Rod said. “You have given her an excuse. When she’s tired of her little holiday, she’ll come running back. This is her home as well as mine.”

“But I was worried for you,” confessed Chloe softly.

The idea seemed to interest him. “Were you, now?” he asked softly. “And what does that mean?”

“Your meals—the proper running of your home—” stammered the girl.

“And you think I’m dependent upon any woman for that?” Rod asked.

Chloe didn’t like the tone of his voice. She met his eyes challengingly. “Yes, I think you will miss her care and her services very much.”

“I will never miss anything a woman does not want to give me freely,” Rod answered. Then with a queer little smile, he added. “I may even have another—lady—in mind to take care of my needs,” he finished softly, in the voice Chloe didn’t like at all. “Tell my aunt there will be no need for her to hurry back to me,” he advised, still smiling into her face.

Chloe did not understand the emotions which buffeted her. “Well, whoever she is, I hope she burns your bacon and begrudges your tea!” she snapped, and ran from the room. Behind her, she heard Rod’s laughter. “I shall never come back!” she vowed.

The packing went on apace that morning, with the two ladies bustling about giving every evidence of delighted anticipation of the visit to London. Unfortunately, the gentleman whom they were seeking to impress had made himself scarce, to their considerable annoyance. The afternoon, however, was marked by a most significant and gratifying event.

The housemaid came into the parlor where the ladies were recruiting their strength with tea and scones to announce that there were two gentlemen to see Mr. Roderick McLeod, and did Miss McLeod know where he was to be found? Janet rose to the emergency, desiring the girl to bring the gentlemen in and then send one of the stableboys to look for his master. She urged Chloe to remain to lend moral support with the strangers, “For I will hazard a guess,” she explained, “that these may be parents of two more pupils, and you, my love, will know better how to deal with them than I.”

The gentlemen, when they presented themselves, were big, well-standing men in somber black clothing, both with a solemn, even stern, expression. They did not seem best pleased at being faced with two women rather than the man they had come to see.

Janet rose to welcome them. “Och, ’tis you, Cameron McLeod,” she greeted one of them. “And this gentleman, if I mistake not, is my cousin Willie! Be seated, if you please, gentlemen. The tea is ready.”

While the gentlemen rather stiffly acceded to her request—Chloe was of the opinion that they would have preferred something stronger and more in the national character than tea—Janet introduced the girl, and explained to her, “Mr. Cameron McLeod was my brother Angus’s factor, and now serves the same capacity for my nephew.”

Janet murmured all that was suitable, and passed the filled teacups and scones to the guests. Although they accepted the food and drink, the gentlemen did not relax their mutual air of dour formality, and were able to parry all Janet’s skillful probing to discover the nature of their business with Rod. Finally she asked them.

The appalled looks the men gave each other at this display of feminine curiosity tickled Chloe’s sense of humor. Eyes alight with laughter, she watched them hemming and hawing. Mr. Cameron McLeod was finally understood to say that as his errand was both private and official, it would be impossible for him to tell her anything about it. Since he added that Mr. Roderick McLeod would doubtless tell her whatever was needful for her to know, it was probably as well that Rod himself came in at that moment. The ladies excused themselves, Janet with icy civility and Chloe with suppressed amusement. No noticeable regret was observable in the expressions of the expressions of the visitors at their departure.

Janet seized Chloe’s wrist and pulled her into the kitchen, where she turned a face of outrage upon the girl. Chloe could no longer contain her laughter.

“Oh, Aunt Janet! When you came right out and demanded to know their business, I thought your cousin Willie would faint!” Overcome by the memory, she went off into another peal of laughter. After glaring at her for a moment, Janet began to chuckle.

“I had forgotten how angry a Scotsman could make me!” she confessed.

“Roderick being such a pattern-card of compliance and easy acquiescence!” teased Chloe.

“It’s as well I’ve a sense of humor,” Janet said, shaking her head. “Of all the pompous windbags—! I wonder what their mysterious business is?”

“Perhaps your other nephew is making an attempt to get Rod to return to Scotland?” suggested the girl.

“It could be, I suppose,” admitted Janet. “Or perhaps he seeks a loan! Clutch-fisted penny-pincher!”

But the girl was frowning. “Rod wouldn’t go back, would he? How could he abandon this magnificent farm and return to Scotland to be a younger brother without authority?”

Janet was in agreement that such a role would be impossible to conceive of in relation to Roderick McLeod. She added, comfortably, “Ah, well, when all the private and official business is completed, we shall hear what the great matter was. One thing you may be sure of, it will make no difference to Rod’s running of Kindlewick Farm!”

Janet McLeod could not have been more mistaken.





During the excellent dinner that evening, which the visitors were pleased to approve, nothing was said of the purpose of their foray into the alien country of the Sassenachs. Under Janet’s sprightly lead, the talk was mostly of old friends and relatives—not, as Janet told Chloe later, in the class of a comfortable coze, but better than no news at all! Rod, big and courtly at the head of his table, was more restrained in manner than Chloe had ever seen him. The ladies properly withdrew when the port was brought to the table. Chloe was ready to go to her room at once, since she intended leaving for London very early in the morning. Aunt Janet caught her arm as she turned toward the stairs.

“I think we’d better wait in my room upstairs,” she said softly. “During dinner tonight, Rod gave me the signal he’d something to tell us.”

“To tell you, surely,” protested Chloe. “It must be to do with the news your visitors brought—family matters—”

“Can you assure me you’ve no curiosity at all about these mysteries?” teased Janet. “I, for one, am agog to hear the great news!”

In the event, the ladies had a long wait, for the visiting gentlemen were impressed with the quality of Mr. McLeod’s liquor, and did it justice. It was past eleven when the impatient women heard the uneven footsteps mounting the stairs, and Rod’s deep voice advising and shepherding his guests to their rooms. A few minutes later there was a soft tapping on Janet’s door. She flung it open.

“At last!” she breathed crossly. “Did they have to empty every bottle in the cellar?”

Rod grinned. The only sign of his own potations was a slight glitter in the blue eyes and a rather guilty smile on the well-cut mouth.

“Now, Janet love,” he said softly, coming into the room and closing the door gently behind him, “is that any way to speak to the Laird?”

Janet’s hands flew to her lips.

Rod squared his great shoulders. “I had thought you might have guessed. Brother Angus had a bad fall from his horse a month since, and has finally been gathered to his fathers. It seems, willy-nilly, I am the new head of the clan—for what it is worth.”

Janet dropped her nephew a deep curtsy. He held out his right hand and lifted her up.

“My loyalty to you,” she said in a gruff voice.

Rod smiled at her warmly. “If there’s one thing in this business I am sure of, it’s your loyalty,” and kissed her cheek gently.

They seemed to have forgotten the girl.

“Will you have to return to Scotland?” asked Janet, frowning.

Rod considered the question soberly. “Cameron wishes me to, of course. They none of them ever accepted the fact that my life, my home, my interests are here, not with a few acres of stony hillsides and fog-draped mountains. I’d far rather bring the few clansmen we have left down here, and set them up in comfortable little crofts of their own.” He rubbed his hand around the back of his neck, stretching to relieve the tired muscles. “I suppose I shall have to go up there for long enough to straighten things out. Cam tells me that the land is in bad heart—everything at sixes and sevens. . . . Angus was just like our father, I’m afraid—a very poor manager.”

“I know one is not supposed to speak ill of the dead—although I am not clear why, for they can’t hear one and be hurt by it!—but since neither Angus nor I have ever had a good word for one another, I surely will not make a pious pretense of grief now! Your brother Angus was the most unpleasant human being I have ever had the misfortune to meet—and it is just like him to have died in time to ruin my first holiday in London!” snapped Janet angrily.

Rod’s eyebrows lifted. “But what nonsense is this? If you think you are going to return to the Towers with me . . . get a chill in that drafty barn of a place—! You’ll go off for your holiday in London as you planned, and be ready to return and serve your Laird with renewed vigor and deference!” He chuckled. “Do you think I haven’t a very good idea what I should have to put up with if I prevented you from taking this trip to London? I should never hear the end of it, and be served martyrdom with every meal!”

Janet laughed too, but reluctantly. “Well, I’ll go for a wee while, and get Chloe suitably established near the Astleys, but then I’ll come home and help you if you plan to relocate the rest of the family.” She shook her head. “So many of Torquil McLeod’s blood scattered across the face of the earth! Our branch of the clan is nearly extinct!”

“Then we must needs found a new house in this new land!” smiled Rod.

“In the heart of enemy territory?” jibed his aunt. “Among the Sassenachs?”

“The better the place, the better the deed,” Rod paraphrased. He smiled warmly and held out both hands. “Will you help me?”

Watching him, Chloe felt her heart swelling with a new and painful emotion. Though she had never been to Scotland, and knew nothing of the clans, she understood how Janet had felt when she made obeisance to this splendid youth and pledged him her loyalty. “Oh, if he would only ask me to help him!” she thought, despairingly. “How quickly I would agree!” but he would not, of course. And what help could a poor little dab of a woman have to offer to such as Roderick McLeod?





Chapter Twelve



Chloe slipped out to the stables before dawn to inform Amigo of the coming move. The huge dark liquid eyes regarded her with interest, and the stallion seemed to say that he would be pleased to go venturing to the city with her, especially since he was to have a chance to shine in the arena. In fact his whole demeanor was so clearly complacent that Chloe began to suspect Amigo had been informed of the treats in store by someone else. Her suspicions were confirmed as a huge figure moved out of the shadows cast by the stable lantern and approached the stall.

“Having a chat with Amigo?” drawled Rod.

“What are you doing up at this hour?” snapped Chloe, ungraciously.

“I am frequently up at this hour,” retorted her host imperturbably, “supervising the wagons as they leave for London. I have a business to run, you know.”

The girl was at once apologetic. “I do know—and I am truly grateful for the time and trouble you have spent upon my wretched affairs. It must have been a great bother to you!”

“I have managed to endure it,” Rod said dryly.

Chloe wished rather forlornly that the big man would say he would miss her, even a little, but his closed, courteous expression revealed nothing of the feelings he might be experiencing. “He is most likely eager to be rid of me and my obstinate starts,” she thought gloomily. Really, this early hour was most depressing! It made everything look darker and less happy! She lifted her gaze to meet the inquiring blue stare of her host. One golden eyebrow was lifted quizzically.

“Having second thoughts, young Chloe?” he murmured.

“No!—That is, I do not understand at all what you are asking,” stammered the girl unhappily.

Rod subjected her to a searching scrutiny. “Ye’re a stubborn wee lassie, ye ken erra weel,” he said finally, in the outrageously broad Scots burr which always so much delighted her. A smile broke the sadness of her expression, and the big man nodded briskly. “Who canna learn by science must learn by suffering,” he tossed off the aphorism. “Now back to the hoose for a wee bite of breakfast, lass. Ye’ll need strength to enable ye to tackle the hazards of the great city. I’ll see to Molly and Amigo. Off ye go, then!”

“Oh, Rod!” breathed the girl, not at all sure she could bear to part from this infuriating, endearing man.

But Rod had his own plans, and was in no mood to allow his timetable to be upset by any shilly-shallying female. “Off with ye, lassie! Your great adventure awaits, and, I have no doubt, so does Aunt Janet! I’d no want to be responsible for keeping her cooling her heels in the coach while ye dawdle about in the stables!”

Thus rebuked, Chloe fled to the house, feeling, most irrationally, as though her last friend had deserted her. Very cross at herself for indulging in such missish emotions, she was even crosser with Rod for being so calm and cheerful at the thought of her departure.

In spite of her dark thoughts, the leave-taking was amicable enough. Rod had arranged for Matt to drive them in a coach. It was an old-fashioned vehicle, musty and not too well sprung, but it held all their luggage in its capacious boot. Alan was to come with them, to ride Molly and lead Amigo through the light traffic of early morning to the Hotel McLeod.

Aunt Janet was her usual brisk, competent self, her stylish gray traveling cloak set off by a bright red flower. Rod, who was, in Chloe’s opinion, looking unforgivably cheerful, bent to place a kiss on his aunt’s cheek before he helped her into the carriage. “Have a pleasant holiday,” he advised her, smiling. Then he turned to Chloe.

“Good-bye, Miss Keith,” he said formally, offering her his hand to assist her to mount the high step into the coach. Then, abruptly, he caught her slight body close against his massive frame and pressed his mouth over her lips hard enough to bruise them.

“That is so you won’t forget who’s the Laird,” he said outrageously, his smile mocking. Then he boosted Chloe bodily into the coach, and shut the door decisively after her. He was walking away before Matt had time to start the team.

The coach rumbled down the lane and lurched onto the highway as Chloe, fuming, straightened her bonnet and pelisse and settled herself into her seat. She cast a darkly glowering eye at Aunt Janet. That good dame nodded sympathy.

“It is ever thus with the male sex, I have found,” she said judiciously. They must have the last word, even if it involves throwing one into a vehicle and slamming a door to make sure of it.” Chloe was thankful that the older woman had not commented upon the shocking action and speech which had immediately preceded the manhandling. She set herself to present a calm and cheerful appearance, and chatted brightly about the passing scene as the coach rumbled on toward the metropolis. However, when she heard herself commenting for the third time on the smoke which hung like a pall over the roofs of London, she faced her companion with tear-bright eyes. “I am so happy!” she announced. “I have dreamed of this moment since the day we visited Astley’s. Amigo must be given his chance to shine!”

“I too have looked forward to this day,” Janet confided. “I need a little town bronze. I have become sadly rustic—a veritable gapeseed. A few months of the pleasure of London—museums, concerts, the libraries—and I shall feel alive again.”

Having thus sought to convince each other of their complete satisfaction at leaving Kindlewick and its master, both ladies lapsed into a depression, and Chloe, staring blindly out of the window at the sights of the metropolis, found herself seeing instead a pair of challenging blue eyes and a strong, tanned face beneath a thatch of yellow curls.

It took Aunt Janet a surprisingly short time to get the two ladies comfortably settled into new quarters in an old, rambling house near the Royal Grove. It was a boarding house, offering two clean, neat rooms and three tasty meals a day in return for a sum of money which alarmed Chloe, unused as she was to city prices. However, Janet assured her it was very reasonable indeed, compared to the McLeod Hotel, at which they had stayed for less than a week.

“The chief virtue of this place,” she commented, looking about her at the rather dingy dining room in which they sat, “is its close proximity to Astley’s. I am grateful to Rod for arranging rooms for us at the McLeod Hotel, but it would not do for you to have to jaunter across London every day on your way to practice with Amigo. That would be foolish beyond permission! Your strength must be saved for your work.” She cast a speculative glance at the girl. “Besides, while we stayed at the hotel, my overbearing nephew had access to more information about us than was good for him.”

“You—you think he might have set up an intelligencer—?”

“No, not that. But I’m sure that every single body on the staff, from McLeod down, would be eager to report to Rod all our doings, to say nothing of our comings and goings. They’d think it their duty to the Laird.”

There was a little silence as the last word reverberated in the dining room, recalling to both ladies the final comment of Rod’s just before the coach left. To Janet’s regret, however, Chloe did not rise to the bait, but merely wiped her lips with the linen napkins Janet provided for their use at each meal, and then said, in a subdued voice, that it was time for her to return to the Royal Grove.

Janet was not best pleased by her young companion’s appearance these days. For whatever reason, the small face seemed pinched and tired, and Chloe’s usual cheerful manner was oddly muted. Still, the girl was obviously enjoying her work with Amigo, who was now comfortably established in Astley’s stables, where he was by way of thinking himself to be the leader of the herd, having already offered a shrill challenge to all of the Sergeant-Major’s stallions. Nothing serious had come of Amigo’s arrogance, since Astley knew horses too well to permit close confrontations with his precious, high-mettled performers. Still, there was no denying that Amigo was a rare and remarkable talent.

Chloe discovered that she had been correct in her feeling that Amigo was a natural clown. He was tirelessly inventive—a true comic—and if some of the tricks left her shaken and occasionally bruised, there was no malice in him. Astley, watching the fun, shook a regretful head. “If only I had been able to train him from a foal! He’s up to any lark, and more intelligent than the average, I promise you! Still, perhaps his buffoonery will be more entertaining than the formal routines I might have taught him. You say he’d been ill-treated before you got him?”

Chloe related once more the story of the sadistic squire. Astley, frowning, ran his big hand gently over the stallion’s scars. “Battle decorations,” he murmured. “Remarkable he didn’t become a killer.” He eyed the girl narrowly. She was holding Amigo’s headstall, and the animal, with an exaggerated sigh, dropped his great head onto her shoulder with a thump which staggered the girl. Chloe met Astley’s grin with a rueful smile.

“He’s such a showoff!” she explained. “He doesn’t mean to hurt me.”

Astley agreed. “He’s devoted to you—as he should be. It’s thanks to you he’s still alive, not put down as a killer. Now what is this act you and he have been practicing? Mrs. A. tells me it’s a winner.”

Chloe mounted Amigo and gave him their secret signal. The great stallion was delighted to cooperate. He enjoyed their games very much indeed, and obviously thought himself quite a performer. First he practiced delicately around the ring, shivering in exaggerated and quite spurious fright at several shadows, and at the grinning attention of the acrobats, riders, and stableboys who stopped as usual to watch his antics. One of the grooms obliged him by waving an arm and hopping up and down. Amigo, recognizing the signal, rolled his eye to show the whites, reared on his powerful hind legs and put on a very convincing performance of a terrified horse. He shied, whinnied, caracoled, frog-leaped. Then he took off at a gallop around the ring, the picture of a panic-stricken steed. Through all this pantomime, Chloe sat quietly on his broad back, a small imperturbable image.

Then, with a touch of one heel, she directed him to the hurdle over which they had been practicing. Astley, frowning, noted its height. On the other side of it, simulating a water jump, was a wide, deep pile of straw mattresses. Astley stepped forward with a hand raised in objection, but the girl had already started her final run. Gathering the great beast together with the lightest touch of rein and heel, she set him at the hurdle. Powerful muscles bunched, then stretched as Amigo took the high jump with triumphant mastery.

Then it happened. At the crucial moment, some indecision seemed to attack the tiny rider. Throwing up her hands as in terror, she tumbled from the horse’s back and landed with an audible thump on the pile of mattresses. There was a theatrical silence in the great arena. Astley hurried toward the spot, half in fear and half in reluctant admiration. The girl must have been getting instruction from the tumblers and acrobats—if indeed the fall was intentional!

But Chloe and Amigo had not concluded the act. The great horse, stretching his powerful neck and prancing forward self-consciously, bent to the small, still figure on the mattresses. Grasping the heavy collar of her shirt in careful teeth, he lifted her from the mattresses and dragged her to a point in good view of the stands. Then he deposited her on the tanbark. Lifting his head, he gave such an extravagant whinnying chuckle of mirth that the spectators were convulsed with sympathetic laughter. Much encouraged, Amigo tossed his head and repeated the whinny.

“The original horse-laugh,” noted Astley, helping a triumphant if winded Chloe to her feet. “I salute a master trainer,” he continued. “I’ll add the act to the program. I wouldn’t want that rascal Hughes stealing you away from me.”

Charles Hughes, another riding-master, had started a rival exhibition, and was papering the town with posters which made mock of Sergeant-Major Astley’s much publicized, grandiloquent claims. So there was more anger than amusement in Astley’s comment, however he had meant it. The ubiquitous Hughes was getting under his skin. Chloe hastened to reassure him.

“I am more than grateful to you and to Mrs. Astley for your kindness, your interest in my amateur performance, and the skills you have permitted me to learn from your fine artists,” she said earnestly. The Sergeant-Major inspected her small, serious face.

“You are a very quick pupil, Miss Keith,” he complimented her. “I am surprised and gratified at what you have accomplished in so short a time.” He glanced at the complacent Amigo, now the center of an admiring coterie. “That’s horse in a million,” he added. “He’ll turn you enough to establish your little riding school on the outskirts of London, which is what I’m aware you have in mind.”

“You aren’t—angry?” ventured the girl.

“Why should I be?” protested Astley. “Mrs. Astley told me right at the start what your plan was. I’m sure it’s best for you, considering that both you and Amigo are a little too old to be trained in my skills.”

“Oh,” At first Chloe felt just a little pique at his rather cavalier estimation of her potential, but common sense, of which she had an ample supply, soon counseled her that he was exactly right. And for all the fun Amigo was having, she could hardly sacrifice her own life’s ambition for longer than a few months. Just long enough to make the money to establish her school, she promised herself. That would show certain arrogant persons that a woman could manage her own affairs without help from some overbearing male. “ ‘Forget who’s the Laird,’ indeed!” Well, Chloe Keith was no clanswoman of his, that was sure—to owing him any sort of allegiance! Arrogant creature! She went off into a brown study, imagining herself telling the impossible man what she really thought of his pretensions. Astley, noting her abstraction, shrugged good-naturedly and strolled away to his office to argue with his wife over the cost of having some new posters printed which should utterly demolish the ridiculous claims of the miserable Hughes, and convince the public of the superiority of Astley’s production.

Chloe collected the lionizing Amigo and gave him into the charge of an admiring groom to be taken to the stables, cooled off, brushed down and fed. “Give him an extra bait of corn,” she suggested. “He did me proud today.”

“That he did, the rascal,” agreed the groom. “He’s got as good an opinion of himself as our Sergeant-Major has!

Chloe made her way back to the boarding house with determined steps. It would be only fair to share with Aunt Janet the story of this morning’s success. The older woman had been a perfect companion: occupying herself with her own interests, sharing these when she felt they would be attractive to her young companion, but never making herself any kind of a burden or obligation to Chloe. The girl felt love and gratitude for this dear friend of her mother’s. Was it perhaps selfish to keep Janet from her comfortable home at Kindlewick? Chloe set her lips. Today was as good a time as any to lay all the cards on the table.

When Chloe arrived, Aunt Janet had just finished dressing to go out to Montagu House to see the art collection and library of Sir Hans Shane, recently acquired y the government. She had ordered a carriage to drive her to the city, but had no hesitation in dismissing it when she saw the look on Chloe’s face. To the girl’s half-hearted protestations, she returned a crisp answer.

“It’s plain to see you’ve a bee or two in your bonnet, my dear. Whatever’s happened, you shall tell me all about it, and we’ll decide together what’s to be done. Now, suppose you try to persuade our redoubtable landlady to provide us with a cup of tea, and possibly a few sandwiches, and we’ll discuss the matter in comfort.”

Chloe regarded the older woman with affection as she ate one of the hearty sandwiches she had ordered. “I was hungry, Aunt Janet! These are most sustaining,” and she finished one and selected another.

Janet’s eyes smiled over the rim of her teacup. “Everything tends to look brighter upon a full stomach,” she murmured. “Now, open your budget, child! What has happened at the Royal Grove?”

Chloe chewed, swallowed, then nodded her head. “It is really good news, Aunt, but it presents me with a problem—or perhaps I should say, with a decision to be made.”

“Tell all,” encouraged Aunt Janet. She had continually to congratulate herself upon her wisdom in bringing Chloe to London. The child seemed to attain new maturity daily, although she was still somewhat pale and prone to long silences. However, since Janet thought she knew exactly the reason for this behavior, she was not too worried about the state of her charge. And as for herself, she would not have missed the intellectual and artistic stimulation she had received in London. Still, enough was enough, and perhaps it was time to consider getting the girl back to Kindlewick—and Roderick McLeod. So she repeated briskly, “Tell me all.”

“Well, first, Amigo had his chance to perform before Mr. Astley today. It was,” she said complacently, “a triumph!”

Janet chuckled in sympathy. “I can just see him, every elegant inch the star.”

“Indeed, he knew his worth!” agreed Chloe, smiling. “Mr. A. was much impressed, and offered us a chance to be in the show. At a salary—so that I could save up to open my own school. Mrs. A. had discussed it with him, and he felt it was my best course.” She hesitated, then finished in a more somber tone. “Since, he said, both Amigo and myself are too old to be properly trained as a trick riding team.”

Aunt Janet concealed her deep relief at this fortunate decision, and said all that was proper in praise of the horse and his mistress. “So you are to perform your comedy ride at the Royal Grove? I shall be in a front seat for your opening night, I promise you!” She leaned over and gave the sober-looking Chloe a gentle kiss upon the cheek. “How long do you plan to perform?”

“I should think a couple of months would be long enough to bring my savings to the required amount,” answered Chloe. “Thanks to you and—and Rod,” she stumbled a little over the name. “I have not been allowed to touch my inheritance from Uncle Ned Brown. The sum should be enough for what I have in mind.”

“You are not thinking of leaving Kindlewick, I hope?” said Janet firmly. “Neither Rod nor I would permit it! I, because of my promises to your mother.”

“You think Rod would be willing to let me stay?” murmured the girl, not looking at Janet.

“My dear child, he is exactly like his father and all the men of the clan McLeod in that,” said Janet. “He cannot bear to see one of his own escaping from his control—”

“But I am not . . . am not . . . his own,” murmured the girl, then looked up through her lashes at Janet hopefully.

The older lady appeared to be considering this seriously. After a moment she said, “I wonder if you can have forgot a rather significant remark my nephew made just as we were leaving Kindlewick! Something to the effect that he wished you to be sure to remember that he was your Laird?” She paused to scrutinize the rosy, worried little face across the table from her.

Chloe frowned. “But he isn’t,” she said slowly. “I have nothing to do with Clan McLeod. By birth,” she added.

“No, not by birth,” Aunt Janet agreed almost too cheerfully.

“Then—?”

“There are other ways of being incorporated into a clan than by birth,” Janet said firmly.

Chloe waited. The older woman did not elaborate upon her very provocative thesis. Finally, Chloe asked desperately, “Aunt Janet! What—other ways?”

“Well, there’s adoption,” Began Janet solemnly, then gave up and chuckled. “Child, the boy dotes on you,” she said. “Surely you noticed?”

“Dotes?” sputtered Chloe. “When he loses no opportunity to insult and hector, snub and browbeat me?”

“Just as I said,” corroborated Janet, chuckling. “The great silly gowk thinks that’s the way to gain your attention.”

“He’s done that, I’ll admit.” Chloe pondered the matter while Janet watched her with amusement. “Well, if you are right—and you do have the advantage of having lived in the same house and observed his behavior!—then I must surely be very high on his list, for he’s lost no opportunity to bullock me!” A sudden thought struck her, not too pleasantly if the scowl on her face was any indication. “I suppose he has quite a stable of young females he browbeats upon every occasion?”

Janet laughed. “No, oddly enough, Rod hasn’t seemed to be much in the petticoat line. In fact, my dear Chloe, you are the first girl I’ve ever heard him be so rude to.”

“I suppose I should be flattered that he bothered to vent his spleen so freely upon me,” muttered the girl. “What a splendid prospect for any woman so foolish as to have him for a husband! A lifetime of vilification!”

“Well, now, my dear, I would not go far as that,” answered Janet. “In fact, from my observation of the man, I would venture to say that he’ll spoil his wife thoroughly. Of course, he would be sure to demand her whole dependence and attention.”

Chloe privately considered that it would not at all be difficult to devote one’s whole attention to the reprehensible Roderick, but forebore to say this to his aunt, who might, through a mistaken sense of loyalty to her nephew, be moved to repeat it. Instead she tossed her head and said she was sure she pitied any poor wretch who found herself shackled to that great bully.

“Just so, my dear,” agreed Janet, much heartened by this conversation.





Chapter Thirteen



The return from Scotland to the broad smiling fields and prosperous affairs of Kindlewick filled Rod with a real sense of homecoming. But he soon found that something was wrong. The farm had never seemed so empty, which was odd in view of the fact that the whole staff and working force was present as usual, with the exception of the housekeeper. “Surely,” Rod asked himself in considerable annoyance, “the absence of Aunt Janet cannot create this feeling of emptiness—of loss?”

As the days passed, and the only intelligence he received from the city was an occasional wretched scrawl from his aunt, which said nothing about anything of importance, but merely bibble-babbled on about museums and art galleries. Rod’s temper, never equable, became extremely exacerbated. He was seriously considering the notion of riding into London to see for himself what ploys the silly females were about, when he had a very disturbing visitor.

Lord Randal Beresford rode in one Saturday morning, looking, Rod considered, a great deal too well pleased with himself and a good deal more handsome than any man had a right to be. After a brief and not too friendly exchange of greetings, Lord Randal handed Rod a large, rolled-up poster.

“I wondered how much you knew about this, McLeod,” was the rather censorious comment with which the poster was offered.

Rod unrolled the garish thing. It advertised Sergeant-Major Astley’s Greatest Performance, including Acts of Horsemanship, with interludes of “tumbling, rope-dancing and Chinese shadows, and the Egyptian pyramids, an amusing performance of men piled upon men to form a living triangle.” Rod was about to inquire rudely what all this nonsense had to do with him, when his eyes caught a familiar name near the bottom of the poster. “Special Added Attraction!!” screamed the lurid print. “Little Miss Chloe Keith, Child Equestrienne, mounted upon Amigo, Prince of Equine Clowns, in their sparkling Comic Interlude!”

“ ‘Child Equestrienne’!” gritted the affronted McLeod. “I’ll give her a comic interlude when I lay hands upon her!”

“Just so,” said Lord Randal. “Infuriating, isn’t she? But I admit I wondered whether you might have encouraged her in this—”

Rod’s look of outrage reassured him.

“Is it that she needs the money?” persisted his lordship.

Mr. McLeod was understood to say that he had more than enough for anything the girl might need, including her riding school.

“Then I think, if you are truly intending to wed her, it is time you curbed her propensity for making a public show of herself,” stated his lordship crisply.

Rod wore a brow of thunder. “Ye may rest easy on that score, Beresford,” he snarled, with a truly formidable rolling of his r’s. “I’ll be away off to London at once, and when I get my hands upon those two silly females, I’ll—” Words failed him.

“Nothing irreversible, I trust,” murmured Lord Randal.

“I’ll sorrrrrt them both,” promised the Highlander, and the way he said it, it did indeed seem a formidable threat.

“If you fail to do so,” offered Milord, “perhaps I should try my—er—powers of persuasion.”

“And just what yer lorrrdship mean by that rrremarrrk?” challenged Rod, his Scots burr becoming thicker as his temper rose.

“It means,” retorted Lord Randal, succinctly, “that I’ll handle her if you can’t.”

“May I live to see the day!” sneered Rod. “The way the story reached me, she did exactly as she pleased from the moment you met her, and you were unable to stop her, the wild wee limmer! I also heard you were mightily pleased to be rid of her at Kindlewick Farm! Your leave-taking, I am reliably informed by Miss McLeod, was more notable for haste than courtesy.” He brushed aside Milord’s bristle of repudiation. “As to your ‘handling her,’ ” Rod continued, “I’m wondering what the Lady Barbara would have to say to that? Or had you intended to keep your activities a secret?”

Both men were glaring like angry bulls by now. There was a determined light of battle in Milord’s eyes, and an unholy joy upon Rod’s face as they advanced upon one another.

“Yoo-hoo! Mr. McLeod!” a shrill female voice haled them in their tracks. Both young men turned to annihilate the feckless female who had dared to interrupt at a time like this. They beheld a plump, modishly-attired woman approaching them, dragging a pair of reluctant little girls in her wake.

“I am Mrs. Eudosia Gibbon,” she informed them, coyly. “Sir Peter Daley—such a dear man! Persuaded me to bring my nieces to your Riding Academy! He spoke of you so highly, Mr. McLeod! So I have brought Sophia and Honoria to you. They are so eager to learn to ride!” And she beamed impartially upon both of the handsome giants before her.

“It seems,” breathed Milord, “we shall have to postpone our—discussion until a more convenient time. After all, you cannot keep Sophia and Honoria waiting, can you, Mr. McLeod?”

With visible reluctance Rod went forward to greet his unwelcome clients. He flicked a stormy, dark-blue glare at the grinning Lord Randal, ground out a choked, “Later, Milord! Ye’ve not heard the last o’ this!” and then proceeded to ignore his lordship completely while he talked quietly with his two unwilling pupils.

Beresford lingered just long enough to see the swift conquest of the children, and to behold his almost-antagonist going off toward the stables, a little girl clinging trustfully to each large hand. Then, suddenly realizing his own danger, he directed the too-cordial Mrs. Gibbon to the parlor of the farmhouse and beat a hasty retreat.





As it happened, Rod did not attend the opening performance of Chloe and Amigo. By the time he had gotten rid of Mrs. Gibbon and her nieces, it was already well on into the afternoon, and sober second thoughts were counseling caution. He had a pretty clear idea of Chloe’s reaction if he arrived, breathing fire, to haul her back to Kindlewick. A reluctant smile tugged at his lips. “She’d try to murder me, the wee tigress!” he thought. That might have its charm, but on the whole Rod preferred to come to terms with his chosen lady-love in a more romantic setting and under different circumstances than would exist during a wild brawl in front of half of London at Astley’s circus. So Rod stayed at home, and missed a very surprising event.

Chloe’s debut upon the Prince of Equine Clowns was all that the Sergeant-Major could have hoped. The large, enthusiastic audience was a heady stimulus to Amigo. His fine dark eye rolled in a histrionic frenzy, and he pranced and reared with all the dramatic fury of a Cheltenham tragedian. Chloe, sensing his elation, began to fear that he might get so far above himself as to become careless, and sought, by gentle touch and word, to restrain his enthusiasm. An actual water jump had been provided to take the place of the pile of mattresses for the final trick. Nothing was too difficult, or too extravagant, for Astley when he had an idea in his head, and the stableboys had spent the whole morning carrying buckets of water to fill the huge wood-lined trench the Sergeant-Major had had built in the center of the arena. To this water jump Amigo and Chloe now addressed themselves. The girl, clad in a gaudy mockery of a lady’s riding habit, sat the great stallion with quiet poise. Amigo thundered down toward the hurdle, gathered himself together, leaped, and soared triumphantly over the hazard. Carrying out her part, Chloe shrieked, threw up her arms, and tumbled into the water. Then she pushed herself to the surface, turning so that the heavy corded collar of her costume would be easily available to Amigo’s teeth.

True to his training, Amigo pranced up to the water jump, pulled back his head in blatant surprise, and whickered inquiringly. The shocked silence which had greeted Chloe’s spill began to be filled with comments and chuckles of amusement. Then Amigo, bending his great head, got a good grip on the prepared collar and hauled Chloe out of the water, holding her clear of the ground and mincing in wide circles which showed off the small girl’s dripping form to the audience. Chloe remained limp, as they had practiced, but she had much to do to keep from reprimanding the horse for the evident pleasure he was getting out of her ludicrous position. When at last after two more circles than they had practiced he deposited her upon the tanbark, and backing off, gave his piercing horse-laugh, Chloe was almost ready to drown her stagestruck mount.

However, the audience’s response was all that Astley could have hoped for. Gales of laughter and applause resounded in the building, and Amigo took numerous bows with all the greed of a seasoned actor. When Chloe finally got him out of the arena, she led him to the stables with less charity than she had ever felt. Handing him over to the grinning groom, she snapped, very conscious of the dripping garment which was plastered tightly to her skin. “I am glad that mountebank doesn’t get to immerse me again until Monday evening! What a heartless wretch he is!”

Amigo whinnied plaintively, but Chloe was in no mood to indulge his histrionics. She left the stable and, deciding to return at once to the boarding house by way of the back alley, hastened through the dusk, holding her dripping riding skirt off the ground.

It was with a real shock that she heard the voice accosting her from the shadows. “Very amusing, Tiger!”

She whirled to face the speaker. Surely Lord Randal would not address her in that hatefully mocking tone? She peered into the shadows. Coming toward her was a foppishly dressed male . . . a gaunt body—a thin, dark sneering face—Chloe gasped. Sir Jerold Peke! She turned to run. In a second he was beside her, his hand heavy on her arm.

“Oh, no, my dear Miss Chloe Keith, ‘Child Equestrienne’! I shall not permit you to escape me again! Not until we have finished the business we began in Beresford’s bedroom at that inn on the London road,” said Sir Jerold. “No,” as she struggled to free herself from his grasp, “you’ll not get away till I give you leave! I have important matters to discuss with you—and for your sake, and that of your—patron,” sneered the hateful voice, “I advise you to behave yourself.”

Chloe’s teeth were chattering, as much from distaste of Peke’s clutch on her arm as from cold. “You must see, Sir Jerold, that I am drenched to the skin and should change at once. If you will tell me your business with me, briefly, perhaps we may arrange a future meeting in better circumstances.” A meeting which she would not attend, she thought nervously, for the creature showed no sign of releasing her.

His words confirmed her fear. “You must indeed take me for a nodcock,” laughed Sir Jerold “I’ll escort you to your caravan, or whatever place you use to change your clothes, and while you are getting into dry clothing, I’ll tell you what I want.”

This was decidedly threatening, Chloe realized. The night air was already making itself uncomfortably cold on her wet body, and some groom or stableboys might come out at any moment and discover her with this undesirable man. Perhaps it might be best to take him back to the boarding house, where Aunt Janet would serve as a very efficient chaperone, and might even be capable of routing the fellow! Without further ado, Chloe turned and led the way by the alley to the rear of the building. There was a side door which led, by way of a little passage, to what had been the servants’ stairway when the house had been a private dwelling. Chloe led the man hastily up to the rooms she shared with Aunt Janet. The smaller of these had been converted by the older woman into a cozy little parlor, while the larger contained two beds, their clothing in a monstrous old armoire, and a very practical washstand with a commode.

Chloe unlocked the door and led the way into the parlor where a single lamp glowed against her return.

“Please be seated, sir,” she said shortly. “I shall advise my aunt of your presence, and you may explain your business to her while I change.”

Sir Jerold muttered an oath, and strode angrily after her. “What is this about an aunt?” he sneered, but there was a look of uncertainty on his narrow countenance. “I am sure you will not wish another woman to learn what I know about you?” He glanced around the comfortable yet spartan room.”Unless, of course, she is an ‘Abbess,’ ” he concluded with a smirk.

Since Chloe had not come in the way of hearing that particular piece of vulgar cant, she cast a puzzled look over her shoulder as she was about to enter her bedroom. “An Abbess? Why no, she is not in Holy Orders. I thought you had seen her with me that afternoon at the Royal Grove?” She opened the bedroom door. “Aunt Janet? We are honored with a visit from Sir Jerold Peke—of whom I have told you.”

Turning her back on Sir Jerold’s sickly smirk, she entered the room and closed the door behind her. For it had been immediately apparent to her that the bedroom was empty. Where was Aunt Janet? Oh, gods! she had probably gone to Amigo’s first performance, and might very well have remained for the rest of the show! Which meant, Chloe thought desperately, stripping her wet, revealing costume from her shivering body, that she was now alone with the horrid man she had so stupidly led to her private apartments! Could anything be more unfortunate, more degrading? Unless she could get rid of him quickly, she was not only compromised, but in real danger of being injured by the man who had not scrupled to strike her with his fist in Lord Randal’s sickroom!

She struggled to get herself into a very demure, highnecked gown of heavy wool. Her trembling fingers were making slow work of fastening the buttons when a mocking voice asked, “Do you need any help? Or is the mythical Aunt Janet doing it for you?”

Whirling, she saw that Peke had followed her into the bedroom and was leaning against the closed door. On his face was a smile whose quality sent a hideous chill through the girl’s breast.

“I had not intended advancing quite so rapidly in our acquaintanceship, not having been really sure what you are, but this invitation to your room tells me all I need to know,” he said, and began to take off his coat.

“I thought she was here!” cried Chloe, in distress, and a stupider man than Peke would have realized she meant it. However, after a considering glance at the small, anxious face, he continued to remove his coat, saying briskly, “Well, we can both of us see she isn’t, and perhaps, if you are very accommodating, I shall not offer you the harsh alternatives I had originally intended.”

Chloe backed to the small table which stood between the beds and took up the lamp which lighted the room. “If you advance one step further I shall throw this at you! I may set the place afire, but you, at least, will get a nasty burn!”

Sir Jerold glared at her, narrow face revealing his indecision. “You are a hell-cat!” he said at last. “Well, it is quite your own fault if I misunderstood. No decent woman would lead a man to her bedroom—but you have a habit of sharing a man’s bedroom, have you not?” He turned back to the parlor as he spoke, and began to struggle into his coat. When he was well away from the door, Chloe followed him hastily out into the neutral area of the other room. He was making himself comfortable in Aunt Janet’s chair, and looking as though he planned to remain for some time.

Chloe hesitated near the outer door. “I wish you will leave at once, Sir Jerold. There is nothing we can have to say to one another, I promise you.”

“Oh, but there is something very important indeed which I have to say to you, my dear,” grinned her tormentor. “It concerns a mutual friend of ours,” and he chuckled knowingly as he pronounced the word. “Lord Randal Beresford, I mean. You will recall, I am sure, the occasion on which we three met, in—of all places! Milord’s room at the inn.”

“He was suffering a concussion, and I was, though he did not know it, engaged in getting him to safety and medical care.”

“He was in full possession of his senses, and you were sharing his bedroom—and had done so for at least two days,” countered Peke.

“Nothing occurred of which either Lord Randal or myself could be ashamed,” said Chloe proudly.

“You cannot expect me to believe that, nor will the quizzes of London. I am really unhappy when I think what this rumor will do to Milord’s relationship with his fiancée, the Lady Barbara Dickson.” He observed the girl’s sudden pallor with a smile. “Oh, yes, that will put the cat among the pigeons, no mistake! Everyone humiliated, a nasty little scandal for the Ton to bandy about! Lady Barbara will be compelled to break off her engagement; dear Randal will be given the cold shoulder by all his acquaintance; and even more unfortunate, the golden dowry of his proposed bride will not materialize to settle his very pressing debts. Yes, I think a hasty retreat to the Continent for a few years will be the only course open to our unhappy friend.”

“Why are you telling me all this?” whispered the girl. “Are you offering me a chance to prevent your spreading your lies?”

Sir Jerold regarded her broodingly. “You have a nasty tongue in your head, girl,” he said grimly. “I had intended to take you on as my tiger, flaunt you around town under Beresford’s nose, but since I find you are a circus performer, I suppose that aspect of your situation would not worry you.”

“Aspect?” Chloe was holding on to her composure grimly, her mind darting around the situation in a frantic search for a loophole.

“A woman who would display herself as you did today before such a crowd—as good as naked when the horse pulled you out of the water—would scarcely be worried at the threat of a loss of reputation. So I have to revise my own plans. Now I think it would satisfy me just as well to tell Barbara of her perfect knight’s involvement with a circus woman, traveling about the country with her, while pretending to be so devoted to his betrothed! That will set the tongues wagging! But it will also break her heart. She idealizes the fellow, you see.”

“You would do this to someone who has never harmed you?” whispered the girl.

The fury of his response startled her. “Lord Randal has thwarted and insulted me more than once! I promised myself I would get even with him, and by God, I’m going to do it! Ruin his happiness, break his engagement, make him a laughingstock—!”

“I am sure many members of the Beau Monde have affairs with women they do not intend to wed,” protested Chloe.

“But they don’t let ’em be flaunted and noised about the Ton,” retorted Peke. “Wilferd and I’ll see that everyone knows what dear Randal is up to. We’ll swear we caught him with you—he’s been out to that farm often enough!”

“You are thoroughly despicable,” said Chloe, quietly.

He sneered, but the ugly color came up into his face. “It might be wiser not to antagonize me, miss, since I hold all the cards!”

“What do you wish me to do?” asked Chloe. There would be time later to consider how Peke’s news about Randal’s engagement affected her; now she must get the worst of the situation clear, so she could decide how to act.

Her apparent capitulation caused Sir Jerold to relax. He sat back in Aunt Janet’s chair and began to smile as he looked insolently at her body. “The notorious Child Equestrienne is worthy of higher position than my tiger,” he began. “I am coming to think that there would be quite a cachet having a circus performer as my peculiar.” He grinned. “You may begin to pack your things. I’ll send a coach for you later tonight, and have you brought to my home.” He caught her gesture of rejection. “Oh, I’ll permit you to continue with your work at the Royal Grove. You’re nothing if you’re not performing for Astley. That’s what’ll make you interesting in the eyes of my friends.”

“And if I agree to go to your home, you will sign a paper not to tell your lies about Lord Randal and myself?”

“Lies, my dear?” Sir Jerold had quite recovered his good spirits. His bold cast had been successful. When he tired of the chit he could always spread the story against Beresford; in the meantime it would be amusing to play with the girl—she must have something to her to interest a man like Beresford. And wouldn’t old Wilferd open his eyes when he learned that Jerry had netted an actress? Sir Jerold decided not to share this information with his friend until it was an accomplished fact. Smiling, he rose to his feet.

“I’ll ride home now, but I’ll be back with a carriage to pick you up in about two hours. Be ready. Pack only what you wish—I can probably be coaxed into buying you a few fripperies if you treat me very well.” The fatuous smile faded from his mouth, to be replaced by a look of cruel anticipation. “And if you do not please me, there’s always this,” and he drove his clenched fist into the palm of his other hand. “How long did it take for the swelling to go down last time?” he mocked.

And then he was gone, and Chloe bent over, holding her arms around her shaking body, and collapsed into Aunt Janet’s chair. The older woman found her there twenty minutes later when she returned from the arena.





Chapter Fourteen



Although she was shocked and frightened by her encounter with Peke, Chloe quickly decided that she could not tell Aunt Janet what had happened. Her involvement with Lord Randal and his enemies had nothing to do with the McLeods, and they must not be worried by the stupid situations she seemed to be forever getting herself into. On the other hand, she was sure she could not permit Sir Jerold to blackmail her into becoming his mistress. Blackmail. An interesting word! Her mind welcomed the digression. She remembered her mother telling her about the tax the freebooters on the border of Scotland exacted from the farmers. And the moral to the story had been that you do not ever secure real safety by such payments.

Yet it was essential that Lord Randal should not suffer because of befriending her. Very well, then, she told herself, you owe him protection. But how was this to be accomplished?

It was at this point in her cogitations that Aunt Janet arrived back at the boarding house from the Royal Grove, and offered praise for Amigo’s act, warm loving friendship, and a good hot cup of tea. This strengthened Chloe’s resolve not to draw the McLeods into what was, after all, her own problem. So, putting on a bright face, the girl said, “I’m going to run out and fetch something from the city for Mrs. A. I’ll be back within a couple of hours. And Aunt Janet, that awful Peke creature saw me at the performance and followed me home. I got rid of him, but he threatened to return. Why not lock the door? I’ll call out when I return, so you’ll know it’s me.”

“It’s I,” corrected Janet absently, not for one moment taken in by the girl’s story but not wishing to add to whatever burden the child was carrying. She saw Chloe off cheerfully, then, after some thought, sat down and wrote a brief but forceful note to Rod, smiling grimly as she sealed it and took it downstairs to the parlor. “It will set him up unbearably to think we fragile creatures cannot get along without his masculine strength,” she thought, “but what of that? We do need him, and he is capable of handling whatever the child has got herself into.”

She paid the landlord’s son a suitable amount to saddle up and take her note to Kindlewick Farm, and promised him a bonus if he did it quickly. Then she recruited the landlord’s wife, and together they went to her rooms and prepared a welcome for the rascal Peke which should cause him to think twice before annoying a young girl in the future.





Chloe’s plan was a simple one. The person most likely to be hurt by Peke’s villainy was not, after all, Lord Randal or even herself. It was the lovely and gracious and friendly Lady Barbara. Therefore it was to the Dickson townhouse that Chloe directed her hired carriage, and within a short space of time the vehicle had drawn up in front of an imposing mansion. Requesting the driver to wait, Chloe made her determined way to the massive front door. She was thankful to note that only the normal number of lamps were burning, and no red carpet stretched across the muddy street. Lord Dickson was not entertaining tonight, fortunately. Now if his daughter was only at home!

Again fortune smiled. The Lady Barbara was at home, her imposing butler admitted, but he would have to discover whether his mistress was at home to Miss Chloe Keith.

“I hope you will find that she is,” said Chloe with her wide lovely smile. “You see, it is very important that I see her tonight.”

The butler, being no more proof against that smile than any other man, made his stately way to the drawing room where her ladyship was sitting, yawning, over the latest lending library novel. He informed her of the name of her visitor. He was pleased that his mistress seemed to welcome the information, directing him to bring Miss Keith to her at once.

When Chloe was seated on a couch near her hostess, she wasted no time in coming to the point.

“A very unpleasant man called Jerold Peke came to visit me in my boarding house tonight. I believe that you know him, and that he has made himself obnoxious to you recently.”

Lady Barbara gave an exaggerated shudder, her beautiful little face wrinkling in distaste. “I vow, he’s the horridest creature, Miss Keith! Cousin Randal was obliged to give him a sharp setdown for presuming to attach himself to me at Lady Merston’s ball, and for trying to offer for me without speaking to my papa first.”

“He came to me tonight with the intention of levying what the Scots call blackmail upon me,” announced Chloe. “Since he seeks to involve your happiness and good name in his dastardly plot, I set out at once to warn you, and to tell you exactly what he proposes.”

The charming little face beneath the copper curls hardened into a fine maturity. “Yes, please! You must tell me.”

Chloe, who had not been too sure what the other girl’s response would be, breathed a sigh of relief that there would be neither vapors nor a swoon to contend with. “Peke has got hold of the fact that Lord Randal helped me to escape from my stepbrother, who was trying to rob me and gamble away my money,” she began, and then briefly related the whole story of the ride from Smoulton to London, including the purchase of Amigo, in plain unemotional prose.

Lady Barbara seemed to find the tale fascinating, and listened intently. When it was told, she asked, “What is Peke’s scheme?”

Chloe drew in a steadying breath. “Sir Jerold told me tonight that he would come to you and tell you that I was—was Lord Randal’s mistress,” she explained, her cheeks blushing scarlet but her eyes steady on Lady Barbara’s.

Unexpectedly Milady giggled. “But that’s absurd!”

Chloe’s eyebrows rose. “Of course it is, but how did you know?”

“Well, for one thing, I’ve known Randal since we were in short coats, and he just isn’t the kind of man who would—do that to a girl like you,” she explained.

This comment might not have satisfied a logician, but it brought a warm, sweet smile to Chloe’s lips. “No, he isn’t is he? I think he’s the kind of man who takes his responsibility toward all women very seriously. Peke said nothing less than truth tonight when he jeered that Lord Randal was a ‘perfect knight.’ But is that the whole reason you said Peke’s charges were absurd?” In the interests of saving the other girl’s happiness, Chloe set herself to repeat Reggie’s evaluation of herself as a wretched little dab of a girl.

But, eyes sparkling with fun, Milady interrupted.

“Not the whole reason, no! You see, I saw you with that gorgeous man in the skirt—”

“Kilt!” begged Chloe in an anguished voice.

Barbara giggled. “So Papa keeps telling me! But you cannot fob me off, Chloe Keith. I saw you looking at him that day we were introduced at Astley’s. Mr. Roderick McLeod, is it not? It was immediately plain to me that neither Randal, beautiful as he undoubtedly is, nor any other man, could ever interest you as long as your Laird is in the picture.”

Chloe had the look of one struck by a blinding revelation. “So that’s what’s been the matter with me,” she said softly.

“And with him, too, I have no doubt,” added Barbara. I noticed how anxiously he followed you when you ran away from Peke that day. Och, he’s a bonny man, your Hieland laddie!” she teased. “I’d be sighing over Rod McLeod myself, if I hadn’t decided to marry Randal Beresford years ago.”

“Does Lord Randal know?” smiled Chloe.

“No, I haven’t told him yet,” the other girl admitted with a laugh. “I wanted the poor fellow to have some freedom before he had to settle down!” Then she added softly, “In view of this latest start of Peke’s, perhaps I’ll arrange things so Randal decides he’d better marry me to protect me. Oh, he’ll think it’s his own idea, of course! I wouldn’t wish him to know I’d planned the whole.”

Chloe regarded the laughing, exquisite little face almost enviously. “I wish I knew how to do it,” she confessed. “Every time I talk to Rod, we end up at daggers-drawing.”

“You have only to let him think he’s the master—the Laird.” Chloe thought of Reggie and Sir Jerold and Mr. Wilferd and Amigo’s first owner. “I’m not very good at letting men think they’re my master,” she said, rebelliously. “Most of them aren’t as good as I am at handling horses, and they’re so patronizing and stubborn and—male!”

“But we wouldn’t really want them to be any other way, would we?” asked Lady Barbara, who had known very few men, and most of them her own class. “I have observed that when they are sure you think them to be superior, the best of them seem to be willing to admit that we females are fine and precious and worth working and dying for.” She sighed romantically. “Is it not pleasant to be cherished?”

Chloe knew she would quarrel or weep if this conversation were to continue. “What is your plan?” she asked.

“I’ll announce my engagement to Randal. We aren’t engaged; Peke lied to you. Then I’ll invite you to be a bridesmaid. Sir Jerold wouldn’t dare try to cause a scandal in that situation.”

Chloe frowned. “Lady Barbara, thank you, but it is not possible. You can’t have looked at me! Little and brown and scrawny and weathered as an old boot—no social graces—no family background! To include me in your wedding party would make you a laughing stock!” She smiled grimly. “Have you forgotten I’m a circus performer? Only think what Lord Dickson would have to say!”

Lady Barbara considered this seriously. “Then you must stop being a circus performer. You really don’t enjoy it for yourself, do you? Randal was telling me that you have this urgent desire to make up to Amigo for his earlier sufferings. This is generous of you, but I do not at all agree that he needs to perform at Astley’s. The fun he has with you and the grooms at Kindlewick should surely suffice him. And you, I am convinced, would be the better off, and safer from such persons as Sir Jerold—and happier—with your Scottish gentleman, would you not?”

Chloe admitted that all this was true. At Kindlewick she had had everything, she realized. Aunt Janet’s love and companionship, a fine place to assemble her stable of horses and start her school, the valuable assistance of Rod—there was the rub! By her own willful behavior she had spoiled any chance at a happy relationship with that difficult man. How could she ask him to take her back now, after what she had said and done? Could she bear to humble herself to any man? To plead for another chance to be with him? Her expressive little face darkened with humiliation at the thought. And even more devastating was the idea that he might not care one way or another, whether she returned or stayed away!

“I wish,” said Chloe between set teeth, “that I could tell what people were thinking just by looking at them!”

“My papa says he can do so,” remarked Lady Barbara, “but I have noticed that he is as often gulled as any other man.” She studied the set countenance of the other girl. “Could you bear to tell me why you have need of that ability at this moment?”

But Chloe found she could not tell her charming companion of her demeaning lack of confidence in her own desirability, and her fear that Roderick McLeod had very little interest in her. So she rose to her feet and smiled steadily at Lady Barbara. “Thank you for seeing me, and for sharing your plans with me,” she said quietly. “Perhaps you’d better warn Lord Randal of Peke’s bitter enmity—put him on his guard against some other vicious attack?”

Lady Barbara agreed. “And you? What will you do now?”

“I shall go back to my boarding house and confide in Aunt Janet, I think. If there is any chance I might return to Kindlewick Farm . . .” her wistful smile brought a sudden sadness to Lady Barbara.

“I am sure they will both welcome you back with open arms,” she comforted.

“In any event, I must find out what Sir Jerold is up to. It was cowardly of me to leave Aunt Janet to deal with him alone.” Chloe berated herself.

Sped on her way by Mildady’s kindly assurances of support in her future plans, Chloe left the mansion and climbed into the coach which had been waiting outside. The driver, cold and tired at this late hour, was less than enthusiastic about the distance he would have to cover to restore Chloe to her home, and grumbled that he hoped there’d be a little something extra for his long vigil. Chloe mollified him by promising him a good round sum for his trouble. When he had descended and shut the door after her, the girl huddled in one corner of the musty vehicle and tried to decide on a course of action. Rod’s face kept getting in the way, and she could not rid her mind of the memory of the angry things he had said to her.

It was obvious to the girl that she must leave London, thus removing Peke’s weapon against Lord Randal. Whether she went to Kindlewick or somewhere else, her first step must be to remove herself from Peke’s manipulations. But another thought intruded upon these gloomy meditations. What was her responsibility to Sergeant-Major Astley? He had spent money on posters advertising her appearance with Amigo. What if he insisted that she remain to perform until that outlay was repaid? Could she offer him a small sum to recompense him? After all, the posters had listed other attractions as well as Amigo. The Astleys might not feel that Chloe had any special debt to them. Still, they had given her the chance she had asked for. She owed it to them to give them a little notice, perhaps to perform once more?

She must disappear as soon as possible, that was clear. Then, if Lady Barbara brought Lord Randal to the point of making a declaration, Sir Jerold’s guns would be spiked, surely?

But what if Rod utterly refused to take her back? Then perhaps Aunt Janet could find her a small barn or old stable nearby which she could rent, and from which she could conduct her riding school. That way, there might be a chance of seeing a large, unpredictable stern-jawed Scottish landowner from time to time. With this rather mournful image her mind contented itself during the latter part of the ride.





Chapter Fifteen



Unfortunately for the plans of Chloe and Lady Barbara, Sir Jerold had had second thoughts and recruited his friend and evil genius, Mr. Wilferd, to advise him. That wily rogue got the story out of him in a trice, and made short work of his pupil’s pretensions.

“Damme, Jerold old man, you’ve made a bloody mull of this. Why did you not consult me before you approached the girl? She’s probably off to warn her protector, and you’ll have a duel on your hands before you’re a day older.”

“That’s where you’re wrong,” countered Peke with a sly grin. “Beresford’s out of town today and is not expected back till late tomorrow, by which time I’ll have the girl secure.”

“And if she decides that the notoriety she’ll get from your tale will serve her better in her profession than the doubtful privilege of being your convenient?” jibed his companion.

Sir Jerold frowned, pushing his thin lips out as petulantly as would a small spoiled boy. “How is this?’

“You nodcock, she’s a public performer! A scandal linking her to a highly-placed gentleman will bring every dandy and fine lady in London to gape at her and whisper! You’ve handed her a honey-fall!”

“She did not act as though she thought so,” objected Jerold, obstinately.

Wilferd elevated pale blond eyebrows. “Of course not, my dear boy! The little minx knows enough to keep you on the qui vive! Now, let us consider this very provocative situation, and see how best you may get both profit and satisfaction from it!”





Thus it happened that Sir Jerold had not appeared at Chloe’s boarding house by the time she returned, to be met in the front hallway by a belligerent female duo armed with, respectively, riding crop and rolling pin. She stared at her two champions, open-mouthed. Aunt Janet, not a whit discomfited by Chloe’s obvious amazement, condescended to explain.

“We have prepared a warm reception for your would-be ravisher,” she announced complacently.

In spite of her deep exhaustion and anxiety, Chloe could not restrain a chuckle. “From your unruffled state, I would guess the creature has not yet made his appearance,” she said.

“No, and nor he won’t tonight, I should suspect,” said their landlady, “since ’tis past midnight, I’ll just lock the doors and put out the lamps, and if the dastard comes knocking, me good man will see to him!”

The gentleman thus slightingly referred to did not arrive, however.

The following morning the militant ladies were up and preparing themselves for any eventuality by eating a good breakfast and positioning their weapons on the hall seat near the front door. For her part, Chloe set out for the Royal Grove to inform the Sergeant-Major of her decision to quit the circus. It would not be an easy interview, for the girl knew how dedicated Astley was to his establishment, and not only because of the money he was making. He had the true flair of the entrepreneur as well as the skills of a horseman.

Astley’s cheerful, brick-red countenance fell as he listened to her apologetic little speech. Before she had finished talking, he broke in, “But this is being foolish beyond permission, as the nobs like to say! You and Amigo are in the way of being a great success—a truly Stellar Attraction! It isn’t just his feats of skill, for you must know,” and he bent a kindly eye upon the unhappy girl. “I’ve many horses better trained and able to perform more daring feats than he is capable of! It’s his comic way that sets the company to laughing. They love him—and it’s plain he loves being the clown.”

Chloe squared her shoulders and faced him resolutely. “I am more than conscious of your kindness and the opportunity you have given Amigo and me,” she said in her clear little voice. “And so perhaps I shall tell you that I have been approached by a nobleman who wishes to . . . to—” blushing hotly, Chloe was unable to continue.

Astley drew in a deep breath of anger which actually caused his chest to swell alarmingly. “You should let Mrs. Astley or myself know if you are being bothered! Just tell the fine lordling that you are under our protection, and I’ll see him in—that is, I’ll take steps to protect you from molestation!”

“It is not altogether physical harm this man threatens,” said Chloe. “He has a plan to blackmail a man who has been a good friend to me, if I do not agree to his demands. The situation is so insupportable that I know the only way out of it with any credit is to disappear—which I have planned to do as soon as possible.”

Astley considered her, frowning. “Well, child, I suppose you know your own business best, but it will be a loss to the Royal Grove—I admit it! When do you wish to go?”

“I had thought I might stay at least until after tomorrow night’s performance, which you had already advertised,” said the girl. “That way, your customers would not be done out of any of the exhibitions you have promised them—”

“That is excellent!” boomed Astley, clapping her on the shoulder hearteningly. “And I must tell you that I have been giving your performance some thought, and have come upon an idea which will make your final appearance a notable one! Let me show you,” and he took her arm and led her out toward the hurdle and water tank in the center of the circus.

As they came nearer, Chloe discovered that a huge wooden hoop had been affixed to the hurdle Amigo was to jump over. “This will be covered with thin paper,” explained Astley. “You will guide Amigo through it. You will wish to practice today, and perhaps again tomorrow, to show him what he is expected to do.” Then, noting her worried look, he said with bluff good humor, “He will do it, child! Just let him get the hang of it, and all’s bowmon, as they say! Come, try it out! It will have its first paper cover by the time you’ve saddled Amigo.”

Touched with a faint, undefinable sense of alarm which she attributed to the thought of Amigo’s being frightened or hurt by the new trick, Chloe went off to the stables to fetch her stallion. There the grooms informed her that Astley, whose fondness of pyrotechnics was well known, had secured a new lot, called starbursts, which he intended setting off just after Amigo made his triumphant leap through the paper-covered hoop. For some reason, the knowledge of this new ploy served to increase Chloe’s uneasiness. What if Amigo became frightened by the unaccustomed flares of light? Then her sober common sense came into play. The fireworks would not be set off until after the stallion had cleared the hurdle, so they could hardly distract him from the jump. So reassuring herself, she mounted the eager horse and rode him to the center ring of the circus.





While Chloe was familiarizing Amigo with the dangers and delights of his new act, Sir Peter Daley was arriving at the elegant townhouse of his long-time friend Lord Randal Beresford. Ushered into the breakfast parlor, where his lordship was morosely partaking of a modest repast, Sir Peter greeted his host with a cheeriness which Lord Randal seemed to find repulsive.

“Thought you was coming to stay with me for the weekend,” Sir Peter explained, seating himself and waving an encouraging hand to the butler, an old ally of his who was officiating at the sideboard. “Yes, I’ll have a taste of everything, Bates. Ridden in from Greenleaves, and I’m sharp set.” He focused his attention upon his friend. “When you didn’t arrive by midnight, I thought I’d mistaken the day—or perhaps it was I who was to have come to you?”

Randal frowned. “Sorry! I’d forgotten I had been promised to you for the weekend,” he acknowledged. “Got things on my mind,” he muttered, and drained his coffee cup.

Sir Peter surveyed the well-laden plate Bates was offering him. “Thank you! Very appetizing! Yes, coffee will do nicely.” He faced his host. “Well, if I wasn’t mistaken, what was it that prevented you from coming to Greenleaves?” He scanned his friend’s face carefully. “Dyspeptic, old boy? Or a new Incognita?”

Lord Randal groaned. “Would it were something so easily dealt with! No, it’s that ridiculous chit Chloe. She’s got herself into another scrape. What a ninny-hammer! It seems she cannot go on by herself for two days running without falling into some new folly! The latest start is to get herself advertised all over town as a clown at Astleys.”

Sir Peter goggled. “A clown?” he searched his memory. “Chloe? Isn’t she the one who wishes to start a riding school?”

“The same,” said Lord Randal grimly. “I thought I had her safely settled at Kindlewick Farm, and in the way of being a success with her school—for there’s no doubt the chit can ride, and what’s more, can teach children. And now what do we see? Astley’s! Trick riding! Clowns!”

Sir Peter knew it was incumbent upon any friend of Lord Randal’s to offer help, but he was not exactly sure what form of assistance might be acceptable. “Shouldn’t think you would need to concern yourself at this point, Randal,” he ventured. “After all, the chit is of age, and has an older woman to advise her, you told me—”

It was immediately obvious this was not the counsel Lord Randal was seeking. “In the first place,” he began ominously, “I shall be best pleased if you do not call Chloe ‘the chit’—”

“But you did so yourself, twice, just now!” protested Peter.

“That,” said Randal (his friend thought a trifle pompously), “is different. And as for an older woman to advise her—! It appears this aunt of McLeod’s has not only permitted Chloe’s outlandish behavior, she has actually contributed to it! She is aiding and abetting the ch—the child by residing with her near the Royal Grove.”

“But surely her presence with the—er—child is a guarantee of proper chaperonage?”

“ ‘Proper’?” challenged Randal fiercely. “While she permits Chloe to display herself daily—and I have no doubt, nightly!—on that ridiculous beast! She will catch her death from such frequent plunges into cold water!”

Sir Peter, faint but willing, tried to make sense out of his friend’s impassioned tirade. “I believe the Royal Grove seldom offers two performances a day,” he began in an extenuating tone.

Lord Randal’s bitterness was not assuaged. “What has that to say to anything?”

“Well, you said she was appearing twice daily—” he began.

“That she should appear even once is an affront to decency!” snapped Randal.

“What are you proposing to do about it?” asked his friend, goaded into challenge.

“Ha!” retorted Lord Randal darkly.

Sir Peter did not consider this much of an answer. It is possible the two friends might have fallen into an argument, if Bates had not appeared at this exact moment with the announcement that Sir Jerold Peke and Mr. Wilferd were at the door, requesting an interview with Lord Randal.

This intelligence, which his friend feared would put the cap sheaf upon Lord Randal’s ill-humor, seemed on the contrary to afford him intense pleasure.

“Do they indeed!” he said trenchantly, with what Bates in the servants’ hall later characterized as quite a nasty smile. “By all means show them into the library, where I shall be ready to receive them!”

Sir Peter could not like this decision. “You are forever saying you cannot endure either of them, calling them trumped-up mushrooms, and blacklegs, and I know not what else! Why should you waste your time upon them now, when we have other matters to deal with?”

But Lord Randal, paying no attention to what was, in this case at least, a wiser head, strode out into the hallway and across to the library, where he took up his stand on the hearth rug beneath the rather grim-looking picture of his parent which had been painted by Sir Joshua Reynolds and was thought to be one of his better efforts. Randal gestured the nervously hovering Sir Peter to a chair beside the hearth. Thus suitably seconded, Milord waited for his uninvited guests.

Sir Peter did not count himself a great brain, and, among his friends, was generally regarded as a bit of a slow-top, if a deuced fine fellow, but even his limited perceptions informed him that the smiling visitors were up to no good. When Bates had closed the library door behind them, they advanced into the room and greeted their host with every appearance of bluff good humor. Lord Randal’s face was as grim as his pictured sire’s, and he did not offer his hand.

“To what am I indebted for the—uh—pleasure of this visit?” he asked, with an icy civility which was in itself an insult. There was a sneer on his lips which Sir Peer could not like, so menacing and provocative it seemed.

Sir Jerold, whose narrow pallid face had flushed a deep red at Lord Randal’s refusal to shake hands, and at the absence of an offer that the visitors be seated, struggled to maintain his aplomb. He glanced meaningfully at Sir Peter.

“Since the business on which we have come, Beresford, is of a particularly private nature, you might wish to excuse Sir Peter—”

“I have no business, either private or otherwise, with you, sir,” said Lord Randal with what his friend recognized as deliberate provocation.

“Now, now, perhaps we should not be hasty, Milord,” Mr. Wilferd interposed with his inane laugh.

“Why not?” drawled Lord Randal insultingly. “The less time I am compelled to breathe the air Peke pollutes, the better.”

Even the complacent Wilferd went white at this studied insolence, while Sir Jerold surged forward with his hands out like claws to seize this tormentor.

“Jerold!” warned his friend, but the damage was done. Instead of retreating from the attack, Lord Randal stepped into it, and the enraged Peke found his hand in sudden contact with Milord’s face. His fingernails caught against Lord Randal’s cheek, and a shallow gash resulted, marked by the flow of a small quantity of blood.

“Ah!” breathed Milord with satisfaction, his fingers touching the moisture on his cheek.

Wilferd was looking shocked and Peke appalled at this development. Sir Jerold drew back hastily, and began to stammer something about an accident, and his demmed hot temper, but Lord Randal would have none of his apologies.

“I am the injured party, I believe,” he said smoothly. “My seconds will wait upon you tomorrow. And not pistols, I think? It is so fatally easy to have a—friend concealed in the shrubbery with an extra weapon.” And he maintained his wide, mirthless smile until the stunned duo had made their way out of his house.

There was a pregnant silence in the library after they left. Then Sir Peter drew the first real breath he’d taken in several minutes. “Feeling quite the thing, old boy?” he inquired with massive sarcasm. When his friend did not answer, Peter went on in rising anger, “I knew you had this odd kick in your gallop, Ran, but by Heaven! This is too much! Have you run mad?”

“I wish to remove this carrion from the face of the earth,” said Lord Randal. “He struck Chloe in the face, you know.”

Sir Peter was shocked. “In that case, something should be done. But a duel? That honors the fellow above his worth.”

“Would you have me hire a brace of bullies to mill him down?” snapped Lord Randal.

“Have you thought what the Ton will be saying?” When his friend made no reply, Sir Peter said anxiously, “You should have heard the fellow out! We would have had an inkling of what villainy he was up to!”

Milord shrugged. “He was up to blackmail—and no, I don’t know what he had in mind, particularly! Does such a creature need facts? He invents them as he goes!”

“Well, I intend to circulate a few rumors myself!” announced Sir Peter stoutly. “I’ll drop in at White’s and The Strand and even Almack’s, and tell a few trusted friends that the upstart Peke struck you in the face and is to be punished for it.”

Lord Randal looked up sharply, frowning, and then his eyes grew intent. After a moment he began to grin. “That’s the barber!” he said. “Be sure to explain exactly what I said to him, to invite the blow. Once that story gets around, no one will be interested in whatever lies Peke had intended to spread. Anything he tries to allege will be considered mere spite in reprisal.”

Sir Peter nodded, grinning. “The fellow will have to leave London! I’ll recruit Ashdean as the other second. He’s the best man with a sword outside the salon masters.”

“Swords! My father insisted I learn to fence, and I’ve played at it when I was up at Cambridge, but I’m no duelist!”

“I don’t suppose Peke is either, come to that,” advised Sir Peter. “Can’t see our blustering Sir Jerold facing cold steel very cheerfully. Well, if not pistols and not swords, what had you considered?”

“I’d like to horsewhip the fellow,” said Milord, grimly.

“You don’t need a second for that,” objected Sir Peter. “It would make a laughing stock of both of you.”

“I have it!” grinned Lord Randal. “Lances—on horseback—until one of us is knocked down! Peke’s forever going on about what a bruising rider he is, so he wouldn’t dare to cry off!”

Sir Peter considered the idea, then shook his head. “It’s irregular. Freakish. And you could be seriously injured.”

“Oh, we’d wear padded breastplates,” Lord Randal shrugged.

Sir Peter regarded him shrewdly. “I don’t think our windy friend will come up to scratch,” he said slowly. “I think he’ll suddenly discover urgent business on the Continent.”

“So much the better. In that case, I’d deserve a vote of thanks from the Beau Monde for ridding it of such a Captain Hackum.” He raised worried eyes to his friend. “I only hope he will not try to put pressure on Chloe now he finds himself at point non plus with me.”

“Perhaps we’d better drop in at Astley’s and have a word with the girl, before I start my rumor-mongering in the clubs?”

“I’ll do it myself,” began Milord, but his friend shook his head firmly.

“We must avoid the very appearance of evil,” Sir Peter cautioned. “No use giving fuel to Peke’s innuendoes.”

“That’s a fine pious mouthful,” groused Lord Randal, but was enough struck with his friend’s warning to agree to wait for Sir Peter to finish his spreading of rumor before setting off with him for the Royal Grove that evening to discover the whereabouts of Chloe’s lodgings.





Peke had scarcely waited to get inside Mr. Wilferd’s coach before turning on his mentor. “A damned dangerous mess you’ve gotten me into, you smatterer!” he began, glaring at the other man. “A duel!”

“Oh, you’ll get out of it some way,” sneered Wilferd. “You always do, when the man’s anything but a green youth—”

“That’s a lie!” snarled Sir Jerold.

“Oh, take a damper,” urged his companion. “You’d better recollect some pressing business in Italy, or Greece, or perhaps China! Take a vacation for a few months until this blows over.”

“I’ll spread the story we planned to threaten him with—then maybe I won’t have to go,” began Peke.

“Who will believe you, once this latest on dit makes the rounds?” said Wilfred coldly. “Do you imagine for one moment that it won’t get about? Daley is going to tell everyone that Beresford said you polluted the air—and you scratched his face!”

Sir Jerold began cursing in a monotone. Wilferd watched him with assessing eyes. Then he shrugged lightly.

“I’ll deliver you at your chambers, Jerold,” he said.

“Who shall we get to act with you as my second?”

“You aren’t serious,” stated Wilferd. “But if you are, you’ll need two. I find I shall be too busy to act for you.”

Peke stared at him in the dim light within the carriage, his mouth open.

“I find you boring, and bad ton,” Wilferd continued. “I can’t think why I bothered with you so long.” The carriage drew up before Peke’s chambers. “Good-bye, Jerold. Don’t bother to look me up.”

Peke made no move to get out. “You don’t mean that!”

Wilferd uttered his inane, mirthless laugh. “Oh, don’t I? You’re finished, Jerold, and I never back a loser.”

“Im finished, am I? Perhaps Beresford will find out differently! And you, too!”

He swung down from the carriage and rushed into the building. Cursing him, Wilferd hung out of the vehicle and grasped the door to swing it closed. His coachman touched the horses and they paced off down the street.





Chapter Sixteen



The landlady’s son set out very early for Kindlewick Farm on Sunday morning, but from having lingered to watch a brawl in London, and lost his way once after he left the metropolis, and above all, from having the greatest slug in nature to ride on (as he complained to Mr. Roderick McLeod), he did not arrive at the farm until late in the afternoon. When he had delivered his message to its master, he was taken to the kitchen and treated to a satisfying repast while the Laird scanned Janet’s letter with ever increasing alarm and annoyance.

What had they gotten themselves into? Hadn’t he warned the silly females? Hadn’t he told Janet there were hazards in the city which two blunderheaded women were not prepared, by training or experience, to deal with? Oh, yes, fumed Rod, he had told them, but when did women ever listen to the sensible advice of men who cared what happened to them? So, they went off blithely disregarding the counsel of wiser heads than their own! And now they see what has come of it! He shook the pages of Janet’s neat handwriting, wishing he had someone’s shoulders under his fingers rather than the insensate paper

Luckily, he could leave for London within the hour. He had matters at Kindlewick in hand; the laborers were beginning to get the new dwellings built for the crofters who were coming down with their families from Scotland. It was as well he had gone with Cameron back to the Towers, that uncomfortable, cold, badly rundown stone building which had been home to his ancestors for several hundred years. The last of Torquil McLeod’s descendants were pitifully glad to see the young Laird, and looked to him to mend their fortunes. They were mostly older folk, since the young men had gone off—or been sent as laborers after The Trouble—to the New World. Rod himself had taken the best of the young men south with him to England, to work as crofters near Kindlewick. Now he addressed the whole remnant of Torquil McLeod’s clan, gathered at the Towers to offer the new Laird their fealty.

“I am established in England,” he told them, after the brief moving ceremony was ended. “I offer you two choices. You may come back there with me, and receive new, fertile holdings, or become part of the staff of my household and estate there. Or you may offer your loyalty to the Laird of the other McLeod clan.”

There were murmurs of anger and distress. Rod checked them sharply. “The founder of our line had two sons, as well you know. The elder, Norman, seems to have been a stronger and wiser man than his brother, and his line flourished. Whereas our progenitor, Torquil, bequeathed us little but strife and dissension, even within our own ranks. With the result that the Clan McLeod of Norman’s blood has flourished, while our own fortunes have steadily declined. Until now. I have planned a new way for myself, and I’ll accept as many of you as wish to join me in England. As for those who do not choose to leave Scotland, I’ll enter negotiations with the other McLeod to have you join his sept, and give each of you a gift so you will not have to go to him penniless.”

But they had all chosen to follow the young Laird into exile in England, and were on their way now, under the guidance of Matt and Cameron. Rod sighed. He hoped the older ones would not be too wretched in their fine new homes. If only Aunt Janet were here to help him settle them in! Her brisk good sense and pawky humor were just what was needed. Well now, perhaps—if this folly of the performing horse was done with—

He folded Janet’s letter neatly. Then he went upstairs to bathe and dress in town clothes, first sending a maid to inform Alan he was to accompany his master to the city in half an hour. Alan had already constituted himself the Laird’s ghillie, and Rod had not had the heart to discourage him, although his delighted, ceremonious hovering was sometimes hard to bear.

It was dusk when they reached London, and they racked up at McLeod’s Hotel, to receive such an impressive welcome that the regular guests were whispering among themselves. After eating the formal dinner his host insisted upon serving, Rod lost no more time in seeking out the boarding house in which Aunt Janet and her troublesome protégée were living. He had no trouble, for he had made sure to get its direction from the boy who brought Aunt Janet’s letter.

He was surprised at the reception he received. When he had knocked, he requested of the formidable creature who swung open the door that she inform Miss McLeod that she had a visitor.

The woman reached to the table nearby and picked up a rolling pin, inquiring belligerently what he thought he was up to?

“I am up to seeing my aunt, Miss Janet McLeod, if you will be good enough to inform her that her nephew Roderick is here, at her urgent request, I may add!”

A beaming smile transformed the Amazon’s countenance.

“Oh, ye’re the Laird!” she cried, hastily disposing of the rolling pin and bobbing an awkward curtsy. “Be pleased to come in, yer Lordship—Lairdship—well, I’m sure I don’t know the proper way to call you, sir—”

“Mr. McLeod will do very nicely,” said Rod, with a wide smile of irrepressible amusement.

The landlady was an instant conquest.

“Miss McLeod and I agreed to set up a watch against that creature who tried to flummery Miss Chloe. I’m that glad you came, sir, for the girl is like a babe unborn in this great city—not up to the knocker, as you might say! But there now! No loose-screw is going to give the child a slip on the shoulder while Maggie Beamish is here to stop it!”

Rod moved into the hallway and took her hand in his big one. “I thank you, Mrs. Beamish,” he said with formal courtesy. “It is indeed a great relief to me to know that such a good woman as yourself has been protecting the child. I have come to take her back where she belongs. Now if you will show me to my aunt—?”

“Well, that I can’t, exactly, sir, at this minute, since Miss McLeod is out at the apothecary’s picking up some potion for Miss Chloe.”

“She is ill?” asked Rod sharply.

“ ’Tis a mere phlegmatic humor of the nose,” pronounced the good woman. “Comes of falling into that trough of water last night. Drenched and dripping, she was, when that creature brought her home.”

“There will be no more of that, I promise you,” said Rod, between his teeth. “Is Miss Chloe laid upon her bed? Perhaps you had better accompany me to their rooms.”

“Oh, yes, I’ll be glad to, sir! Very proper!” agreed the landlady, bustling off up the stairs ahead of him. “This way, Mr. McLeod, sir!”

So it was that Chloe, feeling miserable with a snuffly cold in the head, was suddenly presented with the living, breathing original of all her lonely dreams—and sneezed so violently that her head snapped back against the headboard with a dull thud.

And of course Rod laughed.

She looked so tiny, so wretched with her little nose red and her huge eyes dark-shadowed in her small face, that he might have been forgiven for his amusement. Miss Keith, however, had no intention of forgiving such insensitivity as would make mock of a person laid low upon a bed of suffering. In a perhaps natural desire to avenge herself for Rod’s laughter, the girl said coldly, “What are you doing here?” in far from welcoming tones.

Rod compounded his offense by taking a very bossy attitude.

“I’ve come,” he stated, unwisely, “to put an end to this absurd charade and get you and Aunt Janet back where you belong before you kill yourself or shame us all.”

In view of the fact that she had just retired from a promising career at Astley’s for purely altruistic reasons, this arrogant announcement could not do other than offend Chloe’s already lacerated sensibilities. The presence of the fascinated landlady put somewhat of a restraint upon her tongue, but she managed to say, indignantly, “Since my name is not the same as yours, and no one will know of any connection between us if you do not tell them, I cannot see how any behavior of mine could ever bring shame upon you!”

Rod also was conscious of the eyes and ears of the landlady, and heartily wished he had not so meticulously observed the conventions as to insist upon her presence at a confrontation of so personal nature. He was of two minds whether to try to continue it under the interested surveillance of the woman, or to retire to the hallway and wait for Janet’s return. She at least would have the decency to let him settle matters with this enraging child in private. Or would she? While these thoughts were racing through his head, the door from the hallway opened and his aunt entered the sickroom.

“Thank God you have come!” burst from the harassed man, rushing blindly upon his fate. “This little limmer willna listen to reason, and insists upon defying those who know better than she what is good for her!”

“What is a limmer?” croaked Chloe, eyes bright with rage.

“It means a rogue or scoundrel,” advised Janet, adding fuel to the fire.

This answer pleased neither of the combatants. Rod cast his aunt a look of reproach, while Chloe turned a blazing glare upon the laird.

“You know I meant it as—as a term of endearment,” ground out the man, his cheeks dark red with embarrassment, and sweat beginning to break out upon his tanned forehead.

Janet observed these signs with satisfaction, but Chloe was not as well aware of male reactions as Rod’s aunt.

“Endearment!” she fairly shrieked. “I knew you were a cold, arrogant, suspicious, unfeeling man, but I did not dream you would call me a—a scoundrel!” She sneezed violently again, rather spoiling the effect of her peroration. Blowing her nose heartily, she added, in rather muffled accents, “I’ll stay at Astley’s as long as I wish, and take part in as many absurd charades as I can, and—and I do not wish to see your cold sneering face ever again!”

Rod’s face had indeed assumed a look of frozen arrogance. He made Chloe a formal bow. “If that is the way you wish it, Miss Keith—?”

“It is!” snapped the wretched girl, already regretting her folly but too stubborn to admit it in front of witnesses.

“Very well then. I shall remove my offensive presence and cease to annoy you with my unwanted advice. I wish you well in your new—career—and always!”

Chloe thought that she had seen nothing more devastating than the rear view of those broad, dependable, attractive shoulders as they moved out of sight. With a small, almost silent wail of grief and exasperation she threw herself into her pillows and began to cry.

Aunt Janet motioned the landlady out of the room and began calmly to unwrap her purchases. “Now, my dear child, since you have routed that arrogant man, let us get you in shape for the continuation of your lifelong career at Astley’s. The next performance is tomorrow, you know, and you’ll have to be there early in order to rehearse Amigo in that dangerous new trick.”

“Oh, Aunt Janet, what have I done?” sobbed the girl.

“Just exactly as you ought,” soothed the woman, taking the shaking girl into her motherly arms.





The Laird, getting himself out of the boarding house as quickly as he was able, felt no such sense of reassurance. He was beginning to think he had made a serious mull of the business, and to blame his aunt for her indiscretion in answering the question which set off the brangle. “Women! There is no living with them!” he concluded, as several other men had done in like case before him. Then he was forced to admit that he had perhaps been less than diplomatic himself, and that his really sincere and compassionate desire to protect the girl had not been phrased with just the delicacy and persuasiveness someone like Lord Randal might have given it. What with Alan obviously bursting with curiosity on the one hand, and his own increasing desire to go back and beg the chit’s pardon on the other, he was in a highly uncomfortable state as he rode back to McLeod’s Hotel. By the time he got there, it was very late indeed, and he knew there was nothing more he could do that night. However, he left a call—unnecessary, as it later happened—to be called very early, and went to bed full of noble resolves to forgive the girl and make all right on the morrow.

In the event, after a completely sleepless night, he was able to present himself at the boarding house at an unfashionably early hour, only to meet with the intelligence that Miss Keith had already left for Astley’s, but that his aunt was waiting to speak with him in her private parlor. Thankful for small mercies, he mounted the stairs, very conscious of the landlady’s interested gaze on his neck.

Aunt Janet received him with a deep formal curtsy.

“What nonsense is this?” he snapped, and moved forward to give her the accustomed hug.

The woman smiled up at him and kissed his cheek lightly, as was her wont.

“I wasn’t sure whether my affection would be welcome, after yesterday,” she said provocatively.

“Aunt Janet!” warned her nephew. “I know I made a mull of it with Chloe—”

“Indeed you did,” his aunt agreed cordially. “Of all the silly gowks! Have you not learned how to handle us yet!—ye stupid limmer?”

“How could you?” her nephew protested. “Ye ken verra weel it doesn’t mean ‘scoundrel’ when it’s used from one friend to another!”

“But then you weren’t behaving in a very friendly manner, from all I was able to observe,” reminded his aunt.

Rod groaned. “I canna think what gets into me when I talk with the wee lass,” he confessed. “Everything she says seems to put my back up!”

“Could it be that you are still holding what her stepbrother told you against her? Do you doubt her virtue, or her moral sense?”

“Janet!” snapped her nephew in outrage.

“That’s what you’ve given the child to think,” Janet told him.

“But I told her—”

“What did you tell her?”

“Not to forget who was the Laird,” Rod said, low-voiced.

“Oh, very ardent and lover-like!” Janet shook her head. “I’m surprised the child wasn’t able to read a whole declaration in form from those significant words! Crystal clear! Everything but the date named!”

Rod pokered up. “I had always been given to understand that females grasped these things very quickly—if they wished to do so.”

“Not by me were you given to understand any such nonsense! I am out of patience with you, Roderick. Here’s the girl given in her notice, to save Beresford any embarrassment, and you—”

It was the wrong thing to have said. At mention of Beresford’s name, Rod’s face assumed its closed, arrogant—or as Janet now characterized it—his stubborn look. “I see! She would not quit the silly ploy for my sake, but she would drop everything at the hint of an awkwardness for Lord Randal! I see which way the wind is blowing, and I’m grateful to you for hinting me off!”

“But I haven’t hinted . . . explained anything!” wailed Janet, realizing too late what she had done. “That creature Peke’s been pestering her, and threatening to blacken Beresford’s name, and offering her a carte blanche—”

“Very pretty goings-on.” Rod was furious; she had known him from a child and could read his expression all too clearly. His smile was arctic. “I thought that had been your purpose in being here—to protect her from such advances! Perhaps she does not wish to be protected! It is all a trick to catch Beresford’s attention.” And before the indignant woman could utter a syllable, Rod had sketched her a bow and walked out, closing the door firmly after him.

“Damn!” said Janet McLeod.





As Rod mounted his horse outside the boarding house, he was resolving bitterly to return to Kindlewick without delay, and to put all thoughts of females firmly behind him. By the time he had ridden back to the hotel, however, his thoughts had taken a more flexible tone, and he was able to find any number of reasons why he should remain in the metropolis for at least one day. Upon being informed of this, Alan proved his worth as a ghillie by suggesting that they attend the performance at Astley’s while they were this close. The Laird seemed much struck by this idea, but sternly commanded his servant not to inform his aunt or anyone else of the projected visit. The Laird then went morosely off to his tailor and ordered three new coats, all in the latest cry, from that delighted man, who vowed it was a sheer pleasure to make for Mr. McLeod, who never needed padding to bring his shoulders into proper balance with his torso. Grunting disparagement of this fulsome praise, Mr. McLeod went on his way.





At that very moment the Lady Barbara, looking enchantingly pretty in an apricot muslin dress with a bronze velvet trim exactly to the color of her artfully tumbled curls, was deciding What To Do about Lord Randal. She had known he was the only man for her the first time she saw him. That he was twelve and she eight years old when they met made no difference. The occasion of this significant encounter was her birthday, and the scene was the elegant Folly in the grounds of Lord Dickson’s London home.

Lady Dickson, a willowy beauty much given to the vapors, had instructed the housekeeper and Barbara’s governess that the party for her daughter should take place at a comfortable remove from her own person. “I do not wish to see any of the children, and most particularly I do not wish to hear them! You will take care of this, Miss Englebert.”

So the tempting food was spread, picnic-fashion, on a table in the vine-draped arbor, and the efficient Miss Englebert organized games for the children of the Dickson’s circle of friends. The eldest guests were a scornful pair of twins, Gervais and Gloria Chace, and the youngest child was Barbara, even at that age distractingly pretty with her shining red-gold curls and sparkling blue eyes. Gervais, a hulking lad of fifteen, seemed to find the tiny girl’s appearance very much to his taste, and while Miss Englebert was busy supervising the games, he made several remarks Barbara was fortunately too young to understand.

Nearly all the children had been deposited with Miss Englebert by their respective governesses or nannies when Little Lady Barbara raised her eyes to watch the approach of a tall, sturdy boy with thick, shining dark hair above a square, well-featured face. Dark brows and thick black eyelashes emphasized the steadiest gray eyes she had ever seen. He seemed to be a general favorite with the older children, although the Chace twins greeted him coldly. Miss Englebert presented him to his young hostess.

“Lady Barbara, this is Lord Randal Beresford.’

Gravely Randal offered her a neatly-wrapped package. Unlike most of the other young guests, who were now clustering greedily at the buffet, Randal stood smiling at his small hostess as she unwrapped his gift. A tiny golden locket engraved with a “B” glowed in the sunlight.

“It is beautiful.” Lady Barbara smiled shyly up at the big boy. “I thank you, Randal.”

“I am glad you like it,” he said. “My mother helped me choose it.”

To Barbara, whose mother had never helped her choose anything, this was an even greater wonder than the gift itself.

“Please thank her for me,” she said softly.

Randal chuckled. “You are a funny little thing! Here, let me put it on for you. You might have difficulty with the clasp.”

Standing very still as the boy’s fingers moved at her nape, Barbara felt a new emotion—more than the gratitude and affection she felt for her father and Miss Englebert. Then, breaking into this enchanted moment, there occurred the other incident she could never forget—the incident which brought her eighth birthday party to a disastrous conclusion. The Chace boy strolled over to the pair and took a lounging stance beside Barbara.

“I forgot to give you your whacks,” he grinned. There was a smear of chocolate on his mouth.

“Whacks?” the little girl stared up at him, puzzled.

“A birthday spanking—eight whacks and one to grow on.”

Randal noted the slight gesture of alarm from the child.

“Chace is joking, of course,” he said firmly. “That custom is for boys, not little girls.” Although the words were quietly spoken, there was a definite warning in them for the larger youth.

“Who’s going to stop me?” challenged Gervais belligerently. Then, observing Randal’s steady stare and clenched fists, he backed down. “You’ve given me a better idea, Beresford.” He lunged forward, seized Barbara by the shoulders and kissed her hard.

The next instant he was pulled away from the girl and knocked sprawling on the grass. Until they were separated by a hastily summoned footman, the unevenly matched assailants fought fiercely. Randal’s eye was darkened, but he drew Gervais’s cork with a satisfactory display of the claret.

Recalling the incident, Lady Barbara’s expression became tender. Then gradually a naughty smile parted her lips. Of course! Man and boy, Lord Randal could never resist the appeal of a damsel in distress! Lady Barbara went to her escritoire, drew out a sheet of her monogrammed paper, and, with frequent pauses for reflection and a reprehensible chuckle of two, wrote Milord a letter.





At the very moment that Mr. McLeod was purchasing six new neck-cloths, with a grim desire to out-mode the modish Lord Randal, and Lady Barbara was sealing her letter to the same gentleman, Chloe was leaving for the Royal Grove, against all advice and pleading from Janet. “It is my last appearance,” the girl said. “I promised Mr. Astley—and I promised Amigo.”

“But you are ill!” protested the older woman.

“Pooh! I have worked at Uncle Ned’s when I felt far worse than I do now. Believe me, Aunt Janet, I’m much better—and it’s just the once more. After tonight . . .” and her voice failed her at the thought. She had burnt her bridges—and there would be no going back to Kindlewick now. Putting such agonizing thoughts firmly out of mind, the girl dressed warmly and trudged over to the Royal Grove, where Amigo waited restlessly for her to practice the new trick with him.

He had taken to it well, seeming to enjoy the blind leap at the paper-covered hoop, and the tearing sound as he went through and over the water-filled trough on the other side, now safely covered with the straw mattresses. For even Chloe was not enough of a dedicated performer to wish to immerse herself over and over in cold water when she was suffering from a congestion of the head.

Now she led Amigo to the hurdle, pointed out the trough and mattresses, tore a tiny bit of the paper covering over the hoop, and explained again that they would do what they had been practicing the day before. Amigo seemed to have it all clear in his clever head, and nodded encouragement.

The day was filled with successful practice, and the stableboy who was delegated to recover the huge hoop with paper was getting heartily sick of his task before Chloe called a halt.

“That’s it until tonight,” she advised him. “Amigo has it clearly in his mind what he’s to do. He won’t shy at it.”

“ ’E’s a wonder, that ’orse is,” the boy nodded. “A reg’ler Sergeant-Major!”

It was approaching the hour for the performance, and Astley’s men were setting up the mounts for the fireworks display. Someone would be hidden beside the trough, to set a light to the star-bursts just after Amigo completed his leap. The grooms assured her it would make a dazzling finale for her act.

Chloe walked wearily back to the boarding house to rest before she had to dress herself for the show. Aunt Janet and the landlady had prepared an especially tempting meal, but, what with one thing and another, Chloe could hardly manage more than a few bites. Afterward, she laid herself down on her bed and tried to make her mind a blank. After an hour of this fruitless exercise, she rose even more wearily and dressed for the last time in her gaudy costume.

Aunt Janet accompanied her to the Royal Grove, and took her seat among the early arrivals while Chloe went to the stables to collect Amigo.

Aunt Janet looked around, but was unable to see her nephew, for the very good reason that he was carefully concealing himself at the rear of the covered seats. The show began, and proceeded with all the élan and charm for which Astley’s troupe was famous. Eventually it was Chloe’s turn to lead Amigo into the ring, and the knowledgeable in the audience whispered to their companions to watch this! A very amusing act!

It might almost be inferred that Amigo knew this was his final appearance, his swan song. Never had he cavorted so spiritedly; never had so huge an animal presented such a picture of apprehension and alarm. The audience was giggling and guffawing before he had even come to his leap over the hurdle. Chloe, feeling very warm and a little lightheaded, gave him the command to gallop to the hurdle, and endeavored to hold herself straight in the saddle. The great horse pounded down toward the hurdle, and it is safe to say that every eye under the painted roof of the Royal Grove was fixed upon his progress. Many noted for the first time the gigantic hoop with its blind paper over which was fixed upon the hurdle. Amigo gathered himself for the leap—and then the paper hoop glowed and burst into flame—and Amigo, with a shrill neigh, flew at it, burst through, and landed successfully beyond the filled trough at the other side.

Chloe too maintained her self-possession. She threw her arms up and toppled into the pool as they had practiced. But the pool itself was alight with glancing small flames, and she went under into the cool waters with a shock of relief mingled with the fright. What new ploy of the Sergeant-Major’s was this? She had understood that the fireworks were not to begin until after she and Amigo were safely over! Holding her breath, the girl mentally shrugged. At least Amigo had not been startled into forgetting his drill. She wondered how long the flames above her on the surface of the water would burn, and just what she was expected to do? Her lungful of air wouldn’t last forever, she thought, with rising anger. Nor would any horse dare the small flames to pull her out of the trough!

The audience was confused but pleasingly alarmed by the unexpected fire. Then, when the fireworks went off, exactly as Astley had planned, they relaxed and told each other it was just one of Astley’s brilliant displays, and settled back to await the expected rescue.

But Janet, sitting frozen in her front seat, and Rod McLeod, horrified in the rear row, knew very well that no such dangerous folly would be permitted. Rod was up and out of his chair before anyone else had fully reacted to the sight of the flaming trough. He leaped down the stairs two at a time, and vaulted the waist-high barrier onto the tanbark while Astley and his crew were staring, rooted at the spectacle.

But there was one who was even quicker. Amigo, shivering with alarm and fear of the flames, had trotted back to the trough to rescue his mistress, as he had been trained. He did not see her thrusting her reinforced collar up for his grasp, and he whinnied with nervous excitement. The flames crackled, flying bits of burning paper flew from the charred wooden hoop; the crowd began to cry out. A woman screamed.

Amigo reared and thundered out his challenge. Then he plunged his great head through the flames to the place where Chloe usually waited.

The girl saw and felt the splash of his arrival. Reaching up her arms, she grasped the bridle, lost it, clung to it and let the great head help her to rise and jump out of the trough. Amigo was too overset to continue their routine. His eye had caught a flurry of movement as a man crawled out of concealment between the trough and the framework. This scurrying figure tried to escape across the tanbark to mingle with the rush of men from the sides of the arena. Amigo, beside himself with fear and rage, saw the furtive effort to escape and, plunging in pursuit, reared and lashed downward with his great hooves. Twice he savaged the arsonist before Astley and two grooms got him away.

A cheer went up as Rod picked the bedraggled Chloe from the tanbark where Amigo had dropped her. The girl hardly recognized him. Her anxious gaze was upon Amigo, still rearing and neighing, dragging the struggling grooms off their feet.

“Take me to him—at once!” the girl gasped.

Rod supported her as they half ran, half stumbled across to the frantic horse. With voice and gentle hand, Chloe soothed him and praised him and made much of him until he ceased his maddened plunging and stood, shivering, beside her.

Rod lifted her to the saddle. “Finish your performance,” he ordered her. The girl flashed him an enigmatic glance, then straightened her shoulders, and gave Amigo the word to canter around the arena.

Astley’s had never heard a more thunderous ovation than greeted the pair—so ill-matched in body, so evenly matched in spirit. Three times around the circle Chloe was compelled to go, acknowledging the roar of applause. Amigo seemed quite restored, making his beautiful bow toward the audience from time to time, without Chloe’s needing to give him the signal. Then, finally, she guided him away toward the stables. Behind her she heard Astley’s great voice bellowing that the culprit who had set the fire had been apprehended, and that they had just been privileged to witness the first leap through fire by horse and rider, which feat would undoubtedly be performed again at a later time.

“Do not forget you saw it first at Astley’s!” he concluded.

At this moment, one of his grooms came running up to tell him that the roof had caught fire from the star-bursts, and that he had better advise the patrons to get out before they got hurt. This Astley was quite able to do, and so powerful was his stentorian voice, and so persuasive his performance, that the withdrawal from the building was accomplished without any injury other than twenty cases of the vapors and three fainting fits.

Meanwhile Rod, ordering the grooms to stable Amigo with an extra bait of corn, bore Chloe off in his arms to the boarding house. Janet joined them as he was carrying the girl up the stairs, and hastened ahead to open the doors and light the lamps. Rod deposited his dripping burden on the side of her bed. Then he turned to face Janet grimly.

“You will undress this woman and tend to any burns she may have acquired. And then you will go down to the kitchen and make her a cup of tea, which you will bring to me.”

“And then I may get myself lost,” Janet thought. A short time later, downstairs in the front hall, she ran into Lord Randal and Sir Peter, both exceedingly anxious as to the health and well-being of Miss Chloe Keith.

“She’s safe in her rooms,” Janet said, and the happiness of her smile assured them there was no serious injury. “Roderick is with her.”

“Oh,” said Lord Randal, and then, “ah!”

“Just so,” beamed Janet.

“Will you offer Miss Keith my compliments upon the finest show of gallantry I have ever seen?” asked his lordship. “And give her my best wishes—and Mr. McLeod my congratulations! Also, when you judge it is a fit time to tell her, inform her that the man Amigo savaged, the villain who set fire to the hoop and to the oil he had poured on the water in the trough, is still alive, although badly injured. His name is Peke—but I think he will be very grateful to be allowed to absent himself from London for a while, and will certainly not prefer charges against Amigo!”

“He is wise to absent himself!” Janet said angrily.

“Just so,” agreed Lord Randal. “You might also wish to tell Chloe that Astley’s is in the process of burning to the ground—no fatalities, thank God, but a complete loss of the building. It was the fireworks.”

“Mr. Astley will be pleased,” said Aunt Janet happily. “Nothing Mr. Hughes could do would ever top that!”

The gentlemen took their leave amid a warm exchange of compliments. Janet went on into the kitchen to make the tea, debating whether she would have the courage—or the foolhardiness—to intrude upon that couple upstairs with it.





The couple upstairs were glaring at one another with emotions far different than Janet was attributing to them. Chloe’s were a disturbing mixture of joy at seeing Rod again, alarm at his cold, set expression, and extreme discomfort from the ducking she had received on top of her bad cold. Oh, yes, she thought, eyeing the Laird warily, she and Lady Barbara could laugh about how easy it was for a clever woman to manipulate her man—but when one was face to face with him, big and virile and very much his own man, how then did one begin?

In the event, it was not she but Rod who opened fire.

“I hope you are satisfied!” snapped the man Chloe realized she loved. “Endangering your life—are you sure you are not burned?—and making a public scandal of yourself in the most revealing garment I have ever seen upon a woman in public!”

Chloe glanced down at the sensible nightgown which now covered her body as completely as a canvas tent would have done, and with much the same effect. Rod caught her glance.

“Not that thing, of course! Although it is hideous and quite unsuitable!”

Chloe did not ask: unsuitable for what? She hoped she knew.

Rod was going on angrily, “Do not try to defend it! I had you in my arms, remember, and am well aware of the effect a dip in water has upon that flimsy material! To think that you rode three times around the arena in a garment no more concealing than a windowpane!”

“You threw me on Amigo,” the girl protested. “You told me to ride!”

“Well of course! It was the best thing for both of you, at that moment. And do not tell me you would not have made the ride had I not told you to! I have some knowledge of your courage, girl! Don’t seek to gammon me!”

Chloe’s predominant emotion now was anger at his continual scolding, when even a dunce would have realized that when a girl is sick, and tired, and has just been nearly drowned and burned to death in the same accident, what she wanted was not condemnation but caressing.

“Who could succeed in gammoning the great McLeod? When you always know what is best for everyone—!” Chloe was so full of her own outrage that she barely heard Rod’s low-voiced question.

“I know what’s best for me, I think. When shall we have the banns proclaimed?”

The girl’s shock of incredulous joy quite unnerved her, and she stared sharply at the man. “Banns? What sort of rig are you running now, you bad-tempered, changeable, obstinate, perfidious Scot?”

For he had cut the ground out from under her anger in a very devious and ungentlemanly way, she realized. How could she stay at outs with the man who had just said—had said—

A little stiffly, Rod was answering her. “As a matter of plain fact, if you are making a catalogue, I am even-tempered, rational, steadfast, open-minded and loyal.”

Chloe, thunderstruck by this evidence of his complete ignorance of his own character, snapped back, “Even tempered! How can you have the—the brass to say so to me? When upon my first meeting with you, you were arrogant and mocking and sneering, and called me a—”

“Whist, woman!” Red-faced, Rod interrupted her tirade. The even-tempered Scot was showing every sign of working himself into a fine passion. “You English never forget nor forgive, do you? You know why I acted as I did that evening. I have seldom lost command of myself in my adult life—and usually, it seems,” he ended wryly, “with you.”

“With that knowledge of our antagonistic personalities, I wonder you should consider such a ridiculous thing as—as calling the banns.” Chloe faltered over that delightful phrase, but rallied and rattled back gamely. “You know we continue to rub each other the wrong way!”

Irresistibly Rod’s lips quirked into a grin. “What a trenchant turn of phrase you have, love! I must admit that the idea of rubbing you—”

Scarlet-cheeked, the girl lifted a warning hand. “Don’t trifle with me, Rod McLeod—!”

“Now that’s another very pleasant idea! Keep talking, love, and you may finally give me the answer I wish to hear.”

Chloe fumed. Give him the answer, indeed! He hadn’t asked the question! And how could any self-respecting female presume he meant—whatever he did mean, and confess to more than he maybe wanted to hear, before he’d really asked her? She had not realized that love involved the painful embarrassment. Still, for something so important, she must make an effort. She drew a deep breath.

“I hadn’t thought the very eloquent Laird of the McLeods would be such a slow-top in action,” Chloe said, provocatively.

“You little vixen, how could I press my suit? What with Beresford and Daley and Peke and who knows how many more dangling after you, I decided you’d want the entrée to the Beau Monde one of them could offer, the revel-routs and great balls and parties—”

Chloe began to chuckle. “Can you imagine me—” and she held out her arms to display the huge, sensible nightgown, “at a great ball? I’d be hopelessly at sea among all the painted, bejeweled ladies and silken gentlemen. If you claim you can picture me in that scene, you are a greater fool than I thought you.”

A dangerous glitter appeared in Mr. McLeod’s eyes, and he was understood to say that he knew very well where he could picture her—grimy, maddening, irresistible little limmer that she was, and if she didn’t mind her tongue he would join her there immediately, banns or no banns!

This terrifying threat seemed, oddly enough, to reassure the girl. “Have you—actually—spoken to the minister?” she asked, looking anywhere but at her companion.

The glitter in Rod’s eyes was replaced by a dawning smile.

“I may have just hinted a bit to the good man,” he said primly, with the twinkle that disarmed her while it enraged her. “Of course, you’ll ken I made no definite commitment, me not knowing whether the young lady was of the same mind as myself—”

“Oh, Rod, you great fool, I love you,” cried Chloe, and held out her arms.

“A handsome declaration” said the great fool, and sitting on the side of the bed, took her into his arms.

“And you’d better,” advised Chloe from the depths of that impressive embrace, “make a definite commitment as soon as possible, for I like this,” and she gave him a hard, hot little kiss, “a great deal too much!”

Rod uttered a triumphant shout, and returned the kiss heartily

Janet, halfway up the stairs with a tray of tea, paused, turned, and retraced her steps. Not for all the tea in China would she have invaded that room at that moment. Smiling, she returned to the kitchen and drank the whole pot of tea herself.





Chapter Seventeen



Milord Randal Beresford returned to his home very late that evening, a prey to mixed emotions, and also, it must be admitted, to the brandy he had imbibed. Sir Peter, deciding from a hint or two which his friend had let fall that such succor was indicated, had haled Lord Randal off to his father’s house and plied him with a bottle of Daley père’s choicest brandy, which the senior Daley had been saving to celebrate his heir’s marriage. Since Lord Daley, together with Randal’s father and Barbara’s was attending upon the Regent at Brighton, this rapine was not discovered until much later, when—but that is another story.

Pleasantly mellowed by his potations, his chagrin at the little chit’s choice of a different protector fading into a gentle regret for the might-have-been, Lord Randal entered his home very late—or to be accurate, very early the next morning, to be greeted by a disapproving butler.

“What the devil are you doing up, and with that Friday face, Bates?”

“There was a note brought around just after you left the house tonight—er, last evening, Your Grace,” answered Bates in condemnatory tones. “It was the Lady Barbara’s footman brought it, Your Grace, and he said to tell you it was urgent—most urgent, he was instructed to say.”

Then why the devil didn’t you send him after me to Astley’s, you old humbug?”

Bates frowned his disapproval of this aspersion on his dignity. “For the reason, My Lord, that I had not been informed you were going there. Perhaps if you, Sir, had taken the trouble to apprise me of your destination—!”

“Aye, you’d like to have me on rein, as though I were a child in leading strings, wouldn’t you, Bates, you old humbug?” retorted Lord Randal, chuckling reprehensibly.

“You’re disguised, Master Randal,” said the old retainer crossly. “Now get you into the library and I’ll bring you something to restore you. I have a feeling the Lady Barbara has gotten herself into some coil or other, and her father is at Brighton and not that much help even when he’s here, as you know very well, Your Lordship!”

This mournful statement served to sober Randal’s elevated mood. After the restorative, which left him grimacing, he nonetheless felt so much more himself as to demand to see the urgent missive. When this was put into his hands, he first sniffed at the delicate perfume which wafted from it, then grinned. “Minx!” and finally settled himself with furrowed brow to scan the contents.

Two minutes later he was out in the hall shouting for Bates.

“Coffee, to my room at once! While I’m changing into buckskins and a riding coat, get my racing curricle to the front door! Bustle, man!”

Ruefully aware that his feeling about her ladyship had been correct, Bates bustled to such good effect that Milord was able to mount his curricle, purse filled, head as clear as could be expected, within twenty minutes of the time he had first entered his house. He had decided not to take his groom, Fenn, since he felt the fewer who knew of Lady Barbara’s folly, the better. As he drove at a rapid pace out of the metropolis, Lord Randal had a sudden chilling memory of another disastrous journey, several weeks back, in which Fenn had not been included, and hoped very much that the horrors of the Smoulton expedition would not be repeated.

The George and Dragon, the inn which the Lady Barbara had mentioned in her note, was a scant hour’s drive north of London, but by the time he reached it Lord Randal was as angry as he had ever been in his life. He turned his curricle over to a sleepy ostler with a sharp command, “I shall be requiring this again very shortly. Tend to my cattle!” Then he strode into the hostelry.

A little to his surprise, the landlord met him in the hallway, and greeted him very civilly, considering that the dawn was just lightening the sky. Before Lord Randal could speak, his host said, “If you will come this way, sir? Miss Jones is waiting for you.”

If there had been the slightest hint of a leer in the fellow’s manner, Lord Randal would have dealt him a freezing set down, but the landlord was solemnly deferential, as though it were the merest commonplace for a gentleman to enter his establishment before dawn. Grimly the Duke followed the obsequious figure up a flight of stairs and to a door near the front of the house, where he knuckled the panel softly.

“Come in,” instructed a well known voice.

Grinding his teeth, Lord Randal nodded dismissal to his guide and opened the door. Confirming his worst fears, Lady Barbara, in a remarkably fetching costume sat before a glowing fire. Of her escort there was no sign. Lord Randal addressed his childhood friend in a voice of iron.

“You will put on your cloak and accompany me back to London at once,” he commanded.

Lady Barbara, pale but alert after her night-long vigil, shook her head. “I am not quite ready to leave, Randal.”

“Have you taken leave of your senses?” he snapped, closing the door and advancing toward her. He took her note from his breast pocket and quoted: “ ‘I am meeting the man I love at the George and Dragon, one hour north of London, tonight. I hope we will soon be married. I tell you this partly because you are my oldest and dearest friend. I know you will wish me happy. B.’ . . . Barbara, who is this man who has so little care for your reputation or your happiness that he would meet you in this clandestine way?”

He glared around the spacious room, saw the remains of a small meal, and noted, with inexpressible relief, that the bed had not been slept in. “Where is he? Not yet arrived?”

“He is here.” Barbara’s smile held a sweetness which tore at Lord Randal’s heart. His eyes searched the room again.

“Under the bed?” he mocked. “A gallant cavalier indeed!” then his voice changed, roughened. “Oh, my dear! You don’t—can’t—realize what you are doing! No man worthy of your love would put you in such hazard. Come home with me now, and if you really want this fellow, I’ll—I’ll see to it somehow! But not in this hole-in-corner way. You can’t want—this!”

“But it is exactly what I do want, insisted Barbara, giving him her newly radiant smile.

With one fierce movement he was beside her, had pulled her up into his arms and held her hard against his beating heart.

“No, my little love! I cannot let you go to this laggard who does not even show his face! Is he asleep next door? Where is this ardent lover?” He took a deep, steadying breath as he scanned the girl’s lovely face and met the clear open gaze of her beautiful eyes raised to his. “Barbara—sweetheart—we have been blind! I cannot let you go with this man. You must marry me!”

“To save my reputation?” asked the girl. Eyes lowered, she played with a button of his riding coat.

“Yes,” began Randal, and then he put one strong hand under her chin and raised her face to his. “No, my own dear one. Not to save your reputation nor to please our parents or titillate the Ton! You must marry me because I have loved you since first I saw you, a little red-haired darling looking up at me so trustingly at your eighth birthday party—”

“And you fought Gervais when he wanted to whack me and he gave you a black eye,” teased his lady.

“But you must admit I bloodied his nose very effectively,” he protested, smiling down at her so lovingly that the girl’s heart beat faster in her breast. She met his ardent glance.

“Have you really—loved me all these years?”

He bent and kissed her lips gently. “I must have done,” he admitted. “I came here ready to horsewhip the man and drag you home with me.”

“But I thought . . . Miss Keith?”

Lord Randal settled her more cozily against his strong body.

“No, my love, Chloe is a great-heart, and a charmer, but she isn’t a bewitching, provocative little beauty who holds my future in her two small hands.” He lifted them and placed a kiss within each palm. “Besides, she’s marrying her wild Highlander,” he added, injudiciously.

Lady Barbara stiffened and withdrew a little in his embrace. “Is that why you are turning to me?”

Lord Randal pulled her back close to him with a masterful air. “No, it isn’t, you little goose! I’ve always known you were the only girl for me. I was just waiting for you to grow up. Now come with me at once before everyone in this hostelry is awake to gape at us! I want to get you back home safely. And just to make sure we have no more such harebrained starts, madam,” and he kissed her lightly on the tip of her exquisite nose, “I shall send the notice of our engagement to every newssheet in London!”

“You are very domineering, sirrah!” said the Lady Barbara, but she said it with an adoring smile as she picked up her cloak and reticule.

The man’s hands were warmly possessive, draping the cloak over her shoulders and fastening it beneath her rounded chin. “One kiss, to plight our troth, my darling,” whispered her lord softly.

She came eagerly into his arms, and the kiss was long and sweet. Then, very masterfully, he advised her to pull her hood over her head, escorted her down to the waiting curricle, distributed such largesse as had the host blinking and the ostler grinning, before he gave his horses the office to go.

Lord Randal Beresford drove his one true love back to London in the brightening dawn. It was not until several days later than he bethought himself of the suspiciously elusive swain, and demanded to know the name, style and direction of the fellow. When his lady, smiling mischievously, told him that he had been the man she expected to meet—“for I knew that letter would bring you, Randal!”—he was already too besotted by his love to do more than threaten her with a hideous punishment at some unspecified future date. Then he allowed himself to be persuaded to settle for a delightful embrace and the promise that the Lady Barbara would never write such a letter again.





About the Author



Elizabeth Chater was the author of more than 24 novels and countless short stories. She received a B.A. from the University of British Columbia and an M.A. from San Diego State University, and joined the faculty of the latter in 1963 where she began a lifelong friendship with science fiction author Greg Bear. She was honored with The Distinguished Teacher award in 1969, and was awarded Outstanding Professor of the Year in 1977. After receiving her Professor Emeritus, she embarked on a new career as a novelist with Richard Curtis as her agent. In the 1950s and 60s she published short stories in Fantastic Universe Magazine and The Saint Mystery Magazine, and she won the Publisher’s Weekly short story contest in 1975. She went on to publish 22 romance novels over an 8 year period. She also wrote under the pen names Lee Chater, Lee Chaytor, and Lisa Moore. For more information, please visit http://www.elizabethchater.com.





Other books by Elizabeth Chater



HISTORICAL ROMANCE

A Season For The Heart

Miss Cayley’s Unicorn

The Marriage Mart

The Runaway Debutante

The Duke’s Dilemma

The Gamester

The Elsingham Portrait

Milady Hot-At-Hand

Lord Randal’s Tiger

The Random Gentleman

Angela

A Delicate Situation

Emerald Love

The Reformed Rake

The King’s Doll

Lady Dearborn’s Debut

A Place for Alfreda

A Time to Love

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #1

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #2

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #3

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #4





MODERN ROMANCE

Lauren’s Designs





SCIENCE FICTION

The Big Sling

Bait For The Tiger

Operation Disaster (Short Story)

The Treasure of Mars (Short Story)





MYSTERY

A Course in Murder

Miss Sillithorpe's Hobby (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

Infernal Triangle (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

The Brotherhood of Darkness (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)





