A RUNAWAY BRIDE

A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE

A HOUSE PARTY



By



Fenella J Miller





All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any method, electronic, mechanical, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of The Author - Fenella J. Miller

A Runaway Bride: A Marriage of Convenience : A House Party Copyright Fenella J. Miller, 2013

These e-Books are a work of fiction. While references may be made to actual places or events, the names, characters, incidents, and locations within are from the author’s imagination and are not a resemblance to actual living or dead persons, businesses, or events. Any similarity is coincidental.

(A Runaway Bride originally published by Robert Hale as Two Gentlemen from London)

(A Marriage of Convenience originally published by Robert Hale as The Unconventional Miss Walters.)

(A House Party originally published by Robert Hale as The House Party.)



Dedication

For my wonderful daughter-in-law Karyn.

.

Cover design: Jane Dixon-Smith





A RUNAWAY BRIDE

BY

FENELLA J MILLER





Chapter One





‘Miss Bentley, lawks a mussy! They’re here. Young Fred saw the carriage turn into the lane not ten minutes ago.’

Annabel Bentley dropped the jar of bramble jelly she had been about place on the shelf in the pantry. ‘After so long? I had thought Mama and I safe from him.’ Stepping over the sweet mess on the flagstones she gathered up her skirts, calling over her shoulder as she ran. ‘You and Tom know what to do; we have about thirty minutes before they arrive.’

How had he found them? They had been so careful these past years, had not even attended church or visited Ipswich themselves. Her heart pounding, she ran upstairs to find her mother.

‘Mama, we are discovered. We must get organized or it will be too late.’ She had hoped never to be reminded of that black time again.

Lady Sophia appeared from the south facing chamber she used for her studio, as usual she had paint streaks on her face and fingers. ‘Are you quite certain, my love? I can hardly credit that monster has been able to find us.’

‘Well, he has. Mary and Tom are putting on the holland covers, we have to clear your studio.’

In the beginning they had practiced this exercise several times, but as the months, and then the years, slipped by they had stopped rehearsing. However, the boxes were ready and it was the work of moments to fill them with the paraphernalia.

‘Quickly, open the panel and I’ll start taking things through.’ Annabel tried to recall how long it had been since she had checked their intended hiding place. It must be almost a year, the two secret rooms would be dust covered, but far too late to worry about that. There was the clatter of footsteps and their servants arrived to disguise the bed chambers they had been occupying with covers.

‘Miss Bentley, everything’s ready downstairs, we’ll have your rooms done in a trice. Fred’s moving the horses, I reckon we’ll be prepared in good time.’

‘This room is finished; all we need is sufficient food and water for today and tomorrow. No doubt you will be obliged to offer accommodation tonight, but when he finds he’s mistaken he will surely leave first thing.’

‘He’ll not get a meal he’ll enjoy tonight, I’ll make sure of that.’

‘Thank you, Mary. I cannot imagine why the three of you have stayed with us so long in this isolated place, but we couldn’t have managed without you.’

‘Bless you, miss, it’s been our pleasure. You mustn’t worry. If you and Lady Sophia get settled, we’ll be up with what you need as soon as we’ve done here.’

Annabel stepped into the hidden passageway, relieved to see her mother had not been idle, the sconces were burning and she had sufficient illumination to fasten the panel behind her and to pick up one of the remaining boxes.

The passageways and narrow staircase led from top to bottom of the ancient mansion. The place had once been used by smugglers and although the exit to the beach had fallen into disuse years ago, it was still possible to get from the kitchen to the hidden apartment in the attic.

She followed the twists and turns without hesitation, they were fixed in her mind. Her mother was moving about ahead of her and Annabel guessed she would be setting up her easel.

‘There you are, my love. I shall run back and fetch the last box whilst you check we have everything we need up here. I fear the bed linen will be damp after so long.’

Annabel didn’t bother to argue that she was younger and fitter and should be the one to go back, for it would be untrue. Her mother was barely eight and thirty, and she nineteen on her last name day; they would be taken for sisters if ever they appeared together in public.

These secret rooms had been constructed when the house was built. There was no way to enter them via the attics, the only panels that opened were in the room that had been used as a studio and the boot room in the basement. She walked across to the low doors that opened on to the roof.

She pulled them back and stepped out knowing she couldn’t be seen from below. Brandon Hall, originally built in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, now had a false edifice making it appear what it was not. Behind the brick frontage, hidden between two chimney breasts, was a space more than large enough to walk about. She carefully removed the brick that filled the peephole.

Her throat constricted and her hands clenched. Fred hadn’t been mistaken. Already half-way down the long curving drive was a smart, black travelling carriage. They hadn’t received a visitor since they had joined Great-aunt Beth as nobody knew they were there. It could only be her stepfather, Randolph Rushton, and his loathsome man of affairs.

A vivid flash of lightning split the sky. She counted, had reached five, when the thunder followed. The storm they had been anticipating all day would be upon them within the hour. She prayed the river that ran parallel to the lane wouldn’t flood; the last time it had done so it had been a week before the road was passable.

Her mother appeared at the door, her face pinched and pale. ‘Come in, my dear, we must get ourselves settled whilst it is still light enough to do so. You know we cannot risk more than a single candle once it’s dark.’

‘Very well, Mama, the carriage will be here imminently. We can’t move about once it arrives, you know how sound echoes down the passageway.’

*

The coach rocked violently. ‘Dammit! Sinclair, are you certain we’ve taken the correct turning?’

Colonel Robert Sinclair grinned at his companion. ‘The yokel the coachman questioned a while ago directed us along this godforsaken track. It’s your family we’re visiting, Dudley, not mine, remember.’

‘My sister said she lives in rural splendour, not that she lived somewhere as inaccessible as this.’

The horses slowed to a walk and Robert lowered the window. ‘I can see something carved into the gatepost.’ He leant out and could just make out some letters under the verdigris. ‘Yes, it’s definitely Brandon Manor.’ He shouted to the coachman. The groom sitting next to him on the box hung precariously over the edge to listen. ‘This is it. The drive is in no better state than the lane. Take it carefully, I don’t want my horses lamed.’

‘Very well, Colonel, we’ll take it steady.’

The driver waved his whip in acknowledgement and Robert resumed his place on the squabs. This was turning out to be a more interesting excursion than he’d anticipated. When Dudley had suggested a visit to darkest Suffolk to see his sister, Amelia, he had agreed. Since Waterloo, and reduced to half pay, even a sojourn in the country seemed preferable to kicking his heels in town, and having too much time to dwell on his loss.

‘I know your sister has been widowed, but surely her finances are not so parlous the estate has fallen into disrepair?’

‘To tell you the truth, I know little about Brandon Manor or her dead husband. She met and married Sir John Barton whilst I was on the Peninsular with you fighting Napoleon. She has two children, I misremember their names, but from what I recall, Barton was a young man with deep pockets. Amelia wouldn’t have looked at him otherwise.’

Robert smiled. ‘She always said she would marry money; but I’m surprised she chose someone who lives so remotely. I doubt she has much social life stuck out here in the back of beyond.’

The sky was rent by a sheet of lightning closely followed by the rumble of thunder. ‘That’s all we need, a storm. The going is too poor for us to make faster progress; I fear we’re going to be caught in a downpour.’

‘At least we’ll be well looked after when we arrive. Amelia keeps a good table. This journey has been beyond tedious, I cannot wait to stretch my legs and enjoy a decent meal.’ Simon Dudley shuddered. ‘The repast we were given last night beggars belief.’

‘It didn’t prevent you from finishing it,’ Robert said dryly. The carriage dropped into another pothole tilting dangerously; he was catapulted from his seat. ‘Devil take it! That’s the axle gone. God knows how we’re going to get it fixed out here.’

He untangled himself from his friend and reached up to grasp the door which was now above his head. ‘Did I hurt you?’ Dudley shook his head. ‘I must get out and help Jethro with the horses. We’re still a mile from the house; I fear we’re going to have to walk.’

The team might be in imminent danger of entangling themselves in the traces. He prided himself on having four incomparable matched bays and had no intention of letting any one of them become injured. Heaving himself upright, he smashed the door open and thrust through the opening to roll down the carriage to the ground.

His driver was before him and had his knife out to slice through the leather. There was no sign of the groom. He ran to take hold of the bit of the lead horse; he pulled the animal’s head down and spoke soothingly until it calmed. ‘Where’s Billy?’

‘I ain’t had time to check, sir, he went over the side and I’ve not seen him since.

‘There was the thump of boots as they hit the ground behind him. ‘Dudley, my groom’s hurt. Check on him.’

He knew his friend wouldn’t question his orders; after all he’d been following his commands during the years they had served together in the same regiment.

‘A concussion, he’s out cold, but his pulse’s steady. How the devil are we going to get him to the house?’

‘I can see help arriving; there’s a pony and trap heading this way. I find it decidedly odd Amelia can provide us with nothing better than that.’

Dudley shrugged. ‘I suppose it might have been sensible to have informed her of our coming.’

‘Good God! How did the regiment survive with you in charge of transport? I shouldn’t have agreed to accompany you, or use my carriage, if I had known you weren’t expected.’

The trap clattered to a halt beside them and an elderly retainer scrambled out, a younger version, obviously his son, close behind. ‘It’s going to rain something heavy any time now, sir, so we best get you to the hall before it do.’

Robert nodded. ‘My groom is injured, take him and our bags. Major Dudley and I will ride.’ The man touched his cap and vanished to the far side of the tilted carriage to collect the patient. He was about to swing up on the horse he was holding when something the man had said made him stop. ‘Is this Brandon Manor?’

The two servants staggered around, the comatose body between them. The older man answered. ‘Bless you, sir, no it ain’t. This is Brandon Hall. Brandon Manor is ten miles away, at Upper Brandon. This here place is Lower Brandon.’

*

‘My goodness! The coach has had a mishap.’ Annabel remained with her eyes fixed to the aperture in the wall. ‘The poor groom has taken a tumble from the box and he hasn’t regained his feet.’

‘Can you see Rushton or that obnoxious Hughes?’

‘No, Mama. Just a moment, someone is emerging from the door. Thank God! It’s definitely not them, even from this distance I can see this man is a head taller and far broader than either of them. Another has just climbed out, and he’s as tall as the first.’

‘Then who in the world can it be? We have received no visitors since we arrived here three and a half years ago. I cannot imagine why anyone should come by chance.’

Her mother trembled at her side and Annabel turned to comfort her. ‘I know we don’t want anyone here, but it’s far better than we thought. If it’s not your husband come to claim you back, then it’s possible we’re not discovered.’ She placed her arm around her mother’s shoulders and guided her inside. ‘I’ll run down and tell Mary to expect strangers. Unfortunately the broken axle will mean they are marooned here until Tom and Fred can fix it.’

She ducked into the chamber just as the skies opened. The door banged, hastily she grabbed it, fastening it behind her. Whoever these visitors were they could not afford to be seen by them. A casual mention by either of the unwelcome guests might somehow filter back to her stepfather.

‘Why don’t you light the fire, Mama? It will make the room more cheerful and the smoke will emerge from the same stack as the one downstairs so it won’t reveal our presence here.’

She arrived in the kitchen to discover Mary was about to come up with their tray. ‘I have news for you. It’s not Sir Randolph arriving, it’s two strangers and their carriage has lost a wheel. Their groom took a fall and will need to be accommodated inside where you can take care of him.’

‘Whatever next? Shall I make them a decent supper?’

‘Yes, but remember it’s just as vital they do not know we’re here. I fear they might be here for a week at least, especially if the river floods.’

The tray was awkward to carry up the narrow stairs but she wouldn’t dream of asking Mary to do something she wasn’t prepared to do herself. Her mother had taken her advice and the fire was burning merrily. ‘Here we are, there’s enough food to last us until tomorrow night at least.’ Carefully placing the tray on the small table by the wall she smiled. ‘I must go back and collect fresh water for washing, I shan’t be long.’

Only as she returned a second time with the jug of hot water did she realize she had made a grave error by telling Mary who was expected. She prayed, whoever the gentleman were, they were not sufficiently interested to think too closely about the fact that the housekeeper knew their groom was injured. If they did, they would know at once there must be somebody else on the premises who had been watching from an upstairs window.





Chapter Two





Major Dudley smiled ruefully. ‘We are hopelessly astray. I’m not sure which of us is at fault here. I misheard the local and you misread the sign.’

‘But, my friend, when I did that we were already here. It’s too late to repine; we’d better get the beasts to the stable before the heavens open.’

Robert vaulted onto the back of the gelding he was holding, he was as much at home bareback as in a saddle. His friend would follow on and the coachman could bring the spare horses. The grass that ran either side of the drive was overlong, a flock of sheep he could see grazing in the distance obviously not large enough to keep it well groomed. However, the verge was safer than the potholed drive; he kicked the animal into a canter, the pony cart trundling behind.

He called across to the elderly man. ‘Are the stables at the back?’

The older man gestured to a brick archway to one side of the ancient pile. Robert wasn’t fooled for a minute, the facade and windows might be modern, but he was certain the building behind was hundreds of years old. He slowed his mount to a walk and crunched under the archway into a well swept cobbled yard. Whoever lived here, they had horses, the boxes were painted, and everything spruced up as it should be.

He dismounted, waiting for the others to arrive. ‘There are half a dozen boxes with fresh straw; I’ll put Sinbad in for you, Jethro.’

‘Thank you, Colonel, they’ll be snug enough here all right. No worries about that.’

By the time he emerged from the loose box the pony cart had arrived at the back door; an elderly lady, her hair pinned back under a crisp white cap, appeared in the doorway. ‘I have a room prepared, sir, my Tom and Fred can carry the poor young man straight in.’

He frowned. How the devil did the housekeeper know there was an injured man coming? There was something havey-cavey about all this. Still, he was an uninvited guest, none of his business what went on here. As long as his groom was taken care of, his horses comfortable, and he and his companion had somewhere to sleep, he had no complaints.

He waited until Dudley was ready to accompany him and then followed through the back door and into the rear of the house. As he’d suspected, it was old; the low ceilings and black beams making it difficult for him to walk upright.

The housekeeper appeared from a chamber. ‘I beg your pardon, sir, you should have gone in by the front door. Makes no never mind now. If you’d care to follow me, I’ll show you to your chambers.’

Robert had collected his bag from the cart on the way past. He liked to travel light; he wasn’t one for preening and prettifying in front of a glass like some of his cronies. He looked around with interest as she led them through the rabbit warren of passages to the front of the house. She paused in a spacious entrance hall with a gallery and shields and bits of armour hanging on the panelled walls.

‘I must apologize for the state of the house, sir, the mistress and her companion are away in Bath for the winter. The house is under holland covers, but we’ll soon have things ready for you.’

‘I am Colonel Sinclair, this Major Dudley, as you have already realized, we’ve arrived by accident to this place. We have come from London and it was our intention to go to Brandon Manor, at Upper Brandon, but here we are and I’m afraid, here we’ll have to stay until my coach has been repaired.’

The woman dipped in a brief curtsy. ‘Mrs Jamieson would be quite happy to accommodate your both for as long as you might require, Colonel Sinclair. My son’s a wheelwright, he’ll soon have your carriage fixed. We’re self-sufficient here, between us we can do everything that’s necessary.’

She’d led them up a wide oak staircase, but stopped to catch her breath in the gallery. Robert waited politely until she was ready to continue; eventually she halted in front of a solid door.

‘If you would care to take this chamber, sir, your companion can have the one next door.’ She pushed open the door and immediately began to whisk the covers off revealing old-fashioned furniture. An enormous tester bed dominated the room, its brocade hangings clean, the linen obviously fresh. Thankfully it would be more than long enough to him; he was more used to sleeping with his feet poking out at the end.

‘Thank you …?’He waited for her to supply a name.

‘Hopkins, Colonel. Do you not have your man with you?’

‘We’re military gentlemen, Hopkins, we do for ourselves.’

‘The fire is laid, if you feel the need, please light it. There’s plenty of logs in the basket and my Fred can fetch more if you need them. Now, if you’ll excuse me I must attend to the patient. There’s only my husband, son and myself to look after everything here.’ She bustled out and he heard her talking to Dudley as she showed him his room.

Tossing his bag on to the bed he strolled to the window; the room was surprisingly fresh for one that had been unoccupied for a considerable time. He frowned as several flashes of lightning rent the sky, followed immediately by a crash of thunder and torrential rain. Although barely mid-afternoon, it was almost dark.

The tinderbox was on the mantelshelf, he would need candles alight. Not the fire, having spent the past few years sleeping rough most of the time, he preferred his chamber to be cold. After opening his bag he removed his shaving gear and placed it on the wash stand. His jacket and spare breeches he placed in the closet, he left his undergarments where they were. He felt no need to put things on shelves unnecessarily.

His stomach rumbled loudly. The meagre breakfast he’d eaten had been several hours ago. He hoped the housekeeper had provisions in for he’d not be comfortable if he thought he was eating the food from her own table.

*

Annabel paced the small chamber, anxiously waiting for news. She daren’t go herself in case she was seen, maybe Fred would find time to slip away tell her who was downstairs and how they came to be at Brandon Hall in the first place.

‘My dear girl, you will wear a hole in the carpet. Please, my love, come and sit down by the fire and read your book. If you will be still, I shall finish the sketch I started last night.’

‘Mama, how can you be so sanguine? Are you not riven by curiosity about the strangers?’

‘Of course I am, my love, but am happy to wait until someone comes up to inform me.’

Annabel sank onto a chair and picked up her novel as her mother had suggested. However, she didn’t immerse herself in it, she was far too worried that her slip of the tongue would lead to their discovery. Half an hour passed, the only sounds in the room the crackling of the logs and the scratching of a pencil on paper. Then there were steps approaching and there was a tap on the door.

‘Come in, Mary, we’ve been waiting this age to know what’s going on.’

‘I’ve been busy, Miss Bentley, I’ve not had time to come until now, what with the poor man who’s banged his head, and the two military gentlemen to take care of.’

‘Well, Mary, tell us,’ Annabel’s mother asked, ‘what kind of gentlemen are they?’

‘Gracious, all those stairs will be the death of me!’

‘Sit down and catch your breath. Pour her a drink of lemonade, Annabel.’

Mary collapsed on a chair, mopped her brow, took a long drink and smiled. ‘They’re both big, the tallest of the two, is the younger, and he’s Colonel Sinclair. The older gentleman, the shorter one, mind you he’s still bigger than my Tom or Fred, is Major Dudley.’

Annabel’s lips twitched at Mary’s convoluted explanation. ‘We know they are from London, and that they are military, but why are they here?’

‘It was all a mistake, they took the wrong turning. They had intended to go to Brandon Manor, came to Brandon Hall instead.’

‘I should have thought of that, I had quite forgotten there is a property with a similar name to this, Mary,’ Lady Sophia paused. ‘You have only described them in part, but I’m curious to know the details. It’s so long since we have had contact with anyone, military or otherwise.’

The housekeeper wiped her brow on the edge of her apron. ‘The colonel is dark haired, wears it overlong in my opinion, and dark complexioned; you might call him swarthy, I suppose. Must be all the time he spent campaigning in foreign parts. I reckon it’s hotter there. The major’s fairer, they are both well spoken, and have prodigious appetites.’

‘Good heavens! Have you fed them already?’

‘That I have, Colonel Sinclair appeared in the kitchen asking if there was bread and cheese they could have, they’d not eaten since dawn. I was having none of that. They got that rabbit pie and vegetables from the garden; followed by baked apples with bramble sauce. They’re in the back parlour, drinking brandy and quite content. ‘

Annabel was on her feet, her expression outraged. ‘Drinking our brandy? How could you, Mary? We have only the one bottle and that’s supposed to be for medicinal purposes.’

‘I couldn’t resist him, miss, he asked so handsomely. The colonel’s promised to replace it, so what could I do?’

Annabel snorted her displeasure.

‘My dear child, you sound like your horse. I had hoped you’d grown out of that disgusting habit.’

‘I have, really, Mama. I apologize, Mary. You’re right; you must behave as though neither of us are here. Take no notice of me, you know I hate to be cooped up. It makes me tetchy.’

After Mary had gone she decided the talk of food had made her hungry. The housekeeper had done them proud, apart from fresh bread, cheese, scones and plum cake, there were also meat pasties, salad leaves and a bowl of apples.

‘Mama, there’s enough here to feed us for a week. Unless, of course, the mice don’t eat it first.’

Her mother was distracted and didn’t answer. ‘The weather is worsening, Annabel. I’m sure the river will flood and then we shall be stuck with these unwanted visitors longer than it takes to mend their carriage.’

‘I’m sure the rain sounds heavier up here directly under the tiles, it might not be so bad outside.’

‘Don’t open the shutters to look, my love, remember we cannot risk the light being seen.’

‘Mama, they are hardly likely be blowing a cloud on the terrace when it’s like a monsoon out there, are they?’

Her mother smiled. ‘Here, what do you think?’ She held up her sketch.

Annabel took it, sighing in admiration. ‘It’s beautiful. I’m sure I’m not as you have portrayed me. I wish I had your talent.’

‘You can play the pianoforte and sing as well as I draw, my dear. The good Lord doesn’t give his gifts indiscriminately.

‘That’s another thing about being imprisoned up here, I shan’t be able to play until those men go. Neither shall I be able to ride out, and there are more blackberries to gather, and plums and apples to be picked in the orchard.’

‘I should think the plums and brambles will be spoilt by the rain, so you must forget about those. Apples will keep until you’re ready to pick them.’

The rain continued overnight and she slept poorly. Her mother, on the other side of the room, appeared sound asleep. Long before dawn Annabel gave up and slipped out of bed, quietly pulling on her gown, not bothering with undergarments. The house was quiet; she’d go downstairs to make some tea. The guest chambers were at the front of the house, the kitchen at the back.

She pushed her feet into her indoor slippers and with a candle in one hand, skirts in the other, crept down. She waited before pressing the catch that would release the panel in the boot room. She allowed it to slide back a little. The corridor was as black as pitch, no noise at all.

She hadn’t expected there to be any, their staff would have gone to their beds long ago, their guests also. Slipping through, she checked the panel was fully closed before emerging into the corridor. The kitchen fire was still burning and the kettle had sufficient water to be pushed back over the flames. She busied herself collecting what she needed. The house was quiet. She lit several candles and, taking one, sought the privacy of the downstairs closet.

She went to the scullery to wash her hands before returning to the kitchen. The kettle was beginning to hiss. She pushed open the door and came face-to-face with a veritable giant, dressed only in his breeches and shirt.

*

Robert’s jaw dropped. Standing in front of him, more or less dressed, was the most startlingly lovely young woman he’d ever set eyes on. From her cloud of golden hair which hung in a curtain over her shoulders, to her ankles, clearly visible below the hem of her gown. She was perfection personified. She was staring at him, eyes round with horror.

He was seldom speechless, but for some reason his composure temporarily deserted him. ‘I beg your pardon, I had no idea I would find anyone here at this time of the night.’

The girl’s face was losing colour, for a moment he thought she would swoon at his feet. He shot forward but she warded him off with a raised hand.

‘This is an unmitigated disaster. Which one are you, the colonel or the major?’

Feeling rather like a schoolboy caught out in a misdemeanour he grinned. ‘I’m Colonel Robert Sinclair at your service, madam.’ He bowed, feeling ridiculous dressed as he was. He waited for her to identify herself, but she stared frostily, not amused in any way by the situation.

‘I had no idea there was anyone else in residence. The housekeeper told us the owner and her companion had left to spend the winter in Bath.’ He raised an eyebrow quizzically, still no response. Feeling slightly ridiculous he moved away, and noticing the kettle was boiling, casually picked it up and tipped it into the pot.

The girl’s gasp made him slop boiling water, narrowly missing his bare feet. ‘Devil take it!’ Remembering where he was he replaced the kettle before speaking again. ‘I beg your pardon, miss, barrack room language.’

‘Your hand? Show me your hand.’

Curious he complied, holding it up for her inspection.

‘There’s not a mark on it. The kettle handle is red hot. I don’t understand how you haven’t blistered your palm.’

‘I admit it was a trifle warm. But when you’re fighting you don’t have time to worry about such niceties. If you want to eat, want a hot drink, and there’s no common soldier to make it for you, then you do it yourself. Your hands soon harden.’

She gestured towards the table. ‘Shall we be seated? It’s too late to pretend I’m not here, isn’t it?’

Mystified, he smiled down at her. ‘I have never seen anyone more obviously here than you, but I still don’t know your name.’

For a moment she hesitated, then shrugged. ‘I suppose I must tell you the whole. I doubt that my mother and I could have remained shut up in the attic without coming to blows.’

What the devil was she talking about? Why should her mother be shut up in the attic? Had he come to a house where a mad woman was incarcerated? Why had the housekeeper pretended everyone was away from home?

‘Why don’t you sit down, I shall bring the tea across. I believe there’s a plum cake in the pantry, would you like a slice?’

‘No, thank you, tea is all I require.’

They were conversing as if at a morning call They were both immodestly dressed, it was three o’clock in the morning and they were totally unchaperoned. As soon as the word came into his head his amusement vanished.

‘I’m sorry, but whoever you are, I cannot be here with you.’

She looked at him enquiringly. ‘Why ever not? This is my kitchen, you’re a guest here, and I’m making a cup of tea for us both.’

‘It’s not correct for you to be alone with me, and especially as neither of us is properly attired.’ The teapot slipped from her hand and he reached out to capture it. He instantly regretted doing so as the boiling liquid shot out of the spout and up his arm. Swearing volubly again he dropped it on the table.

‘Quickly, let me put cold water on your arm.’ Before he could prevent her she’d grasped his hand and was examining the red mark. This wouldn’t do, she shouldn’t be standing so close to him. Shouldn’t be touching him.

This young woman was a complete innocent, had no more idea that she was doing anything improper than an infant. Somehow he pushed down his rising desire, forced his mind away from wanting to snatch her into his arms and kiss her delectable mouth.

‘Sit down, Colonel Sinclair, before you do yourself further harm. I realize now, that you must think me immodest being in here with you. However, I don’t believe you’re a threat to me. You have no wish to molest me in anyway do you?’ She looked at him her azure blue eyes guileless, and he drowned in their depths. He blinked. Her brow creased.

‘Are you unwell, sir? You’ve gone rather red.’

He snatched his hand back. ‘I’m perfectly well, thank you.’ He knew he was being abrupt, but couldn’t remain so close without revealing how he felt. He was being improper, not she.

*

The kitchen door slammed and Annabel stared at the space that had just contained the rudest man she’d ever met. The fact he was also inordinately attractive had not escaped her attention, but his behaviour was what concerned are most, not his appearance.

Why had he stomped off? It had been her fault, of course. When he had mentioned they were unchaperoned and he not properly dressed she had belatedly understood the enormity of the situation, and almost dropped the teapot. The poor man had caught it and been burnt in the process.

She shrugged, this was their best teapot and she was pleased it hadn’t smashed on the flagstones. There was no point in wasting the tea. With a cup in her hand she sat down at the table in the flickering light and tried to make sense of what had happened. She had been closeted for twenty minutes with a total stranger, he in only his breeches and shirt, she in her dress and slippers and nothing else. She ran a hand through her hair. What had possessed her to leave it loose, today of all days?

And she had taken his hand – that was unforgivable. He must think her no better than a light skirt, whatever that might be. Mama had once used the term, but neglected to tell her exactly why it was so derogatory.

However one thing was certain, the cat was well and truly out of the bag. There was no point in skulking about in the attics, they might as well move back to their bedchambers and pray the two military gentlemen proved to be discreet.

The tea drunk, she trudged back upstairs trying hard to be positive; but from whichever way she viewed the situation it didn’t look good. No doubt her mother would be horrified that, after all their efforts, her daughter’s had ruined everything because she couldn’t sleep.





Chapter Three





Mama was still asleep. Annabel removed her dress and slid back into bed without waking her. In fact, she was fairly certain she hadn’t been missed at all. Although still several hours to morning, she couldn’t settle. She rehearsed in her mind how she was going to explain that, after all the years of planning and subterfuge, a careless moment had revealed everything.

The rain continued to pour, but thankfully without the thunder and lightning that had accompanied it earlier. Even the drum of rain on the tiles failed to lull her back to sleep; she did no more than doze, her head full of the image of a dark complexioned man with compelling dark-blue eyes: when she eventually got up again she was heavy eyed and belligerent and stamped about the bedroom getting dressed making no concession to her mother’s slumber.

‘My dear girl, why are you making so much noise? This is far too early to be in such a bad temper.’

‘At last, Mama, I have to speak to you.’ Annabel dropped back on to her own bed and waited for her mother to push herself upright.

‘Go on, my love, it must be something bad or you would not have been so kind as to rouse me in the middle of the night.’

Annabel smiled. ‘It’s after seven, more than time for all sensible people to be up and doing. I’ve been awake since two and I’ve done something dreadful.’ She had her mother’s full attention. ‘I went downstairs to make myself some tea and Colonel Sinclair wandered into the kitchen and found me there.’ She waited for the reproaching look, the sigh of disappointment and was surprised when her mother merely nodded.

‘I guessed it was that. I woke myself and saw your bed was empty. But tell me, what sort of man is he?’

‘Good grief! How can you ask that when I’ve put both our lives in jeopardy?’

‘My dear girl, you are being overdramatical. These might be two strangers, but they are military men, and hardly a threat to us. I doubt if they’ve heard of us or our predicament.’

She scrambled to her feet and rushed over to embrace her mother. ‘I’m so sorry, I have, as usual, ignored common sense and allowed my selfishness to spoil things.’

‘No, my darling, I will hear no more of it. You have willingly lived in isolation with me, not once demanding to attend a ball or party or to meet other people. It is high time we rejoined society however difficult that might be.’

‘But why, then, did we hide away in the attics if you were ready to reveal our whereabouts to the world?’

Her mother pushed the covers back and stood up, yawning elegantly. ‘Hardly the world, my love. After Mary described them as being young and personable I realized it would not be right to keep you closeted away any longer.’

‘I’m under age, Mama, could Sir Randolph not force me to return with him?’

Her mother’s lips pursed and her eyes flashed. ‘It would be over my dead body, my dear. That monster will not involve you in his sadistic practices.’

‘I also think, Mama, it’s time we discussed what actually took place. Sir Randolph treated you cruelly, I know that much. He did so from the first so why did you suddenly decide we must run away?’

‘It’s difficult to tell you, you might be almost of age, but you are still such an innocent, not aware of the evil that can be in men’s souls. Your stepfather treated me in a way no wife should have to endure. That was why I sent you away to school.’

Annabel remembered her school days perfectly. She’d been far happier amongst her friends than she had been at home. Each time she returned, her mother had been thinner and with dark circles under her eyes, and even to a child it had been obvious something was badly wrong. It wasn’t until she was a little older she realized her stepfather mistreated her mother, that she was permanently bruised and injured from his degradation.

However, this didn’t explain why when Annabel had returned to the marital home on her fifteenth summer, her mother had decided to run away. She clearly recalled the morning; Mama had been so badly beaten she was unable to rise and Sir Randolph had been at home. This was the first time he had seen his stepdaughter for several years.

She shuddered; she knew why mother had taken her away. ‘He wanted me? He intended to abuse me in the same way?’

There were tears glistening in her mother’s eyes. ‘He did, my darling. He chose me as his bride because I was young. I married your father when I was scarcely out of the schoolroom, you were born just before my eighteenth birthday; and your papa was killed soon afterwards. I was in India, I was destitute.’

Her mother struggled for composure and Annabel went to sit beside her, taking her shaking hands in hers. ‘Sir Randolph was in that country on business; his assistance was invaluable. He was everything he should be, treated me with respect, was there as protection and support. It wasn’t until we were on the ship sailing home that he made his feelings clear. I didn’t love him, but he was charming, and prepared to offer us both a home. The pension your father left was insufficient to keep us out of the workhouse.’

Annabel knew this to be an exaggeration. Her father had been part of the East India Company, and although there was little private income, he had come from a respectable family and his pension would have been adequate. However, her mother was the daughter of an earl – she’d inherited her title through him. Her grandfather had rejected her mother when she had eloped.

‘But you were in mourning, how could you have married him so soon?’

‘No one on the ship knew my circumstances; I had not gone into black, I had not the wherewithal to purchase the necessary material. You must remember, you were a baby, I, only twenty. When Sir Randolph suggested we marry as soon as we docked, said he would apply for a special licence, I could see no objection. No one knew who I was; my family had washed their hands of me when I ran off with your father. They would offer me no succour, and I would not have dreamt of going to them help.’

By this time her mother was washed and dressed and drifted into the sitting room. Annabel opened the shutters and viewed the gloomy prospect. The sky was still leaden, the rain draining as if from a leaky bucket.

‘And so you married Sir Randolph; were you ever happy together?’

Her mother shook her head. ‘As soon as the ring was on my finger he expected me to do things that I found abhorrent; my reluctance to participate in his unnatural practices earned me physical chastisement. Over the years I was beaten, but I far preferred that to being degraded in the marriage bed.’

She had no real idea to what her mother was referring; she vaguely knew what took place between a man and woman. She felt a wave of nausea as she imagined what her mama might have been forced to endure. Marriage wasn’t something she cared to contemplate; a wife was no better than a chattel. Unbidden a pair of dark blue eyes and a friendly smile slid into her head. What fustian! She wasn’t going to be so easily charmed – all men were no doubt the same underneath.

‘So when he turned his attention to me you decided we should join Great-aunt Beth?’

‘I did, my dear. As you recall, when we arrived my aunt was already bedridden. I was so glad we came in time to be a comfort to her in her last year. Although, I own, even though it was at her insistence, I still do not feel comfortable with having got Tom to bury her in the orchard without benefit of clergy.

‘But you know, Mama, if we had involved the vicar then the will would have been read, and your husband would immediately have known where we were.’

‘Thank you for reminding me. But now I think it is time to be brave. You are an adult, I’m quite certain you have the fortitude to resist his base demands. I wish to give Aunt Beth the benefit of a funeral service.’

‘Yes, but you are still his wife. He has the law on his side, could he not remove us both from here by force?’

‘Exactly! But, my dear, do we not have two strong military men living under our roof at this very moment? They have been sent to us in answer to my prayers.’

This wasn’t the answer she had expected, but it made a strange kind of sense. Would her mother wish to involve the colonel and his friend if she knew the full story of what had taken place last night?

‘Mama, Colonel Sinclair is the rudest man I’ve ever met. I have no wish to be beholden to him. I think you should reconsider sharing our story with complete strangers.’

Her mother’s tinkling laugh filled the attic room. ‘Good heavens! I have no intention of telling them anything; I merely said whilst they are at Brandon Hall it is safe for us to mingle with them.’ She smiled lovingly. ‘And, my love, I don’t believe you have met any other men to compare the colonel with.’

‘I don’t need to have a comparison, Mama, I’m quite capable of recognizing bad manners when I meet them. Anyway, there’s no point in us remaining up here as Colonel Sinclair already knows we’re in residence. I have no intention of mingling with either of our guests, Mama, but it will be a relief not to spend further time in the attics.’

She stared at the tray of food with disfavour. ‘What about all this? I’ll have to carry it downstairs. We cannot afford to waste it.’

‘No, my dear, Fred can come and collect it. Now, we must return at once to our chambers; I shall be able to wash in comfort and restore my appearance in front of a glass.’

‘You know very well, Mama, that even dressed in a flour sack you would still be beautiful.’

*

Robert didn’t sleep again that night. He was dressed and out of his bedchamber at dawn. The house was dark and silent, he needed his candlestick to find his way to the small parlour they’d occupied the previous night. He kicked a blaze from the fire then found more logs and coal to add to the flames. Since Maria died he’d found no woman of interest, but a single meeting with this unknown girl had made him very much aware he was a red-blooded male.

It was a filthy day; even if the housekeeper, Hopkins, was correct and her son an expert wheelwright, it would be impossible to leave Brandon Hall until the weather improved. He rubbed his unshaven chin. Dare he risk venturing into the kitchen a second time in order to find himself water to shave?

His mouth curled as he remembered the angelic apparition he had met there last time. Breathtakingly lovely, her pale gold hair and vivid blue eyes had given the girl the appearance of an angel. But there the resemblance ended, she was no more of angelic temperament than he was. But innocent as one, that was certainly true.

He had known there was something odd about this setup from the first. But why in God’s name this young woman had hidden in the attics with her mad mother when they arrived, he had no notion. But he intended to find out. As soon as the house was awake he would demand some answers.

He took his candle and found his way back through the labyrinth of corridors to the kitchen; there was no sign of Hopkins, or her husband and son, so he set about restoring the old-fashioned range and fetching in logs and coal. He pushed the kettle over the flames as soon as they were hot enough, unbolted the back door and went to check his precious team had suffered no ill effects from yesterday’s excitement.

*

In the comfort of her own bedchamber Annabel quickly washed and found something fresh to put on. She viewed the result in the over-mantel mirror. The blue damask suited her fair complexion, and the closely fitting waist, full skirt and snug bodice made the most of the feminine assets the good Lord had kindly given her. She was fairly sure the garments she and her mother wore, although of good quality, were hopelessly outmoded. This had never bothered her before.

With her hair neatly coiled in its usual arrangement on top of her head, she ran along the passage and tapped on her mother’s door. She was immediately invited to enter.

‘Come in, my dear, I have been waiting for you.’ Her mother had also changed. ‘What do you think? Do I look presentable?’

‘We have selected an identical colour, Mama. Dressed as we are, I doubt our guests will be able to distinguish between mother and daughter.’

Her mother’s happiness faded. ‘Oh dear! I have no wish to be considered anything other than your mama. I shall change at once into something more suitable.’

‘No, please don’t, you look lovely. It’s hardly your fault that you’ve not aged as other women do. We shall go down together, if the gentlemen are in the breakfast parlour before us then we had better not be tardy or there will be nothing left for us.’

Downstairs was unpleasantly gloomy; they didn’t light candles during the day, but it was so overcast outside, just this once, Annabel thought, they should forget economy. ‘It’s very quiet, Mama, our guests are either still abed or outside. I’m going to ask Fred to light some candles. It’s too depressing creeping about in the dark.’

The sound of unfamiliar footsteps approaching from the kitchen warned her one of their guests was about to join them. Her mother stiffened; it would be difficult for her to meet strangers after living so long in solitude. She prayed it would not be the objectionable Colonel Sinclair. But he strode in to meet them, quite unaware he was being observed.

‘Good morning, Colonel Sinclair. I should like to present my mother, Lady Sophia, to you.’ She had the satisfaction of seeing the gentleman miss his footing. Hiding her smile she stepped down into the hall taking her mother with her. Only as he bowed rather too deeply did she understand that she had failed to introduce herself last night. Why was he viewing her mama with such sympathy?

‘I am delighted to meet you, my lady, and I thank you for your kind hospitality.’

‘I believe you have already met my daughter, Annabel Bentley, sir.’ Her mother smiled at the colonel’s confusion. ‘You and the major are most welcome at Brandon Hall.’

She squeezed her mother’s elbow to indicate they should curtail the conversation. Now she saw this soldier fully clothed she was even more aware of his formidable size; he wasn’t a man to trifle with. His odd behaviour was making her nervous. What if he was of an unstable disposition? It didn’t bear thinking of.

‘Good day, Colonel Sinclair. Please make yourself at home, my mother and I don’t mix in company.’ Increasing the pressure on her mother’s arm she half dragged her down the passage-way and into the relative safety of the breakfast room.

‘Annabel, whatever has got into you, child? The poor man was totally bemused by your behaviour.’

‘Did you not see, Mama, the way he looked at you so strangely? I didn’t tell you exactly what transpired last night. I’m not sure the colonel is of sound mind. We had better not spend time with him after all.’

Her mother looked at her as if she was the one deranged. ‘You have wasted far too much time reading lurid novels, my love. If there is anything amiss with that gentleman, then I shall eat my best bonnet!’

*

Robert heard the unexpected voice coming from above him and almost fell over his feet. He looked round to see the young lady he had met last night clutching the arm of a woman who could be her sister, but he guessed was her unstable mother.

The girl was hanging on to the woman’s arm; he wondered in what way the unfortunate lady’s madness was manifested. If he smiled, and treated her gently, perhaps she would remain calm. He bowed to Lady Sophia and was surprised to hear her welcome him with perfect clarity.

Before he could introduce himself correctly Miss Bentley dragged her mother away. He watched them vanish into the breakfast parlour and sighed. What a sad day indeed to find a situation such as this. The family had obviously banished Lady Sophia to live in isolation where she could harm no one and cause no embarrassment. Her daughter had obviously volunteered to take care of her mother.

A great shame for Miss Bentley’s beauty to remain hidden and her youth to be spent in rural isolation, that was for sure. He knew nothing about insanity; he would discuss the matter with Dudley when eventually he came down to join him.

Maybe there was some way he could help them? He grinned. He hadn’t felt so enthused since… his happiness faded. He didn’t deserve to feel anything but bleak – what had happened to Maria had been his fault.





Chapter Four





The breakfast table was laid with two places. Obviously their guests had not eaten this morning either. ‘Mama, I don’t wish to sit at the table with strangers. We have only their word, after all, that they are who they say they are.’

‘What nonsense! They arrived in an expensive carriage drawn by four magnificent bays. Colonel Sinclair was immaculately attired – it might be some time since I moved in high society but I recognize the cut of an expert in his jacket. He also has impeccable manners.’

‘It’s what is inside the jacket that counts; I don’t like him and he shan’t win me over with pretty smiles.’ She walked briskly to the servant’s exit. ‘I shall go and fetch our breakfast, Mama, but I shan’t remain in the room if our guests appear.’

On arrival in the kitchen she discovered both men comfortably seated at the enormous scrubbed table that ran down the centre of the room. Two heads turned as one and two overlarge gentlemen sprung to their feet and bowed. Before she could retreat, the colonel stepped forward.

‘Miss Bentley, allow me to present Major Simon Dudley.’

She did no more than nod in acknowledgement then turned to speak to Mary who was frying ham and eggs in a skillet on the range. ‘If our food is ready, Mary, I shall take it in. You’re obviously busy here.’ She supposed the colonel would replace the ham and eggs as well as the brandy he had consumed last night!

‘You gave me a right turn, standing there, miss,’ Mary said, fanning her face with the cloth she’d been holding a pan handle with.

Only then Annabel remembered they’d neglected to inform their staff she and her mother were no longer in the attic. How could she have been so stupid! Her wits were wandering this morning, no doubt caused by lack of sleep.

‘I’m so sorry, Mary, Lady Sophia decided that as Colonel Sinclair had already discovered I was in residence we might as well come down again.’ What the two listeners made of this she had no inkling; they were uninvited visitors and it mattered not.

‘You shouldn’t be out here, Miss Bentley. When my Fred’s finished in the sick-room he’ll bring your breakfast right along.’

She should have enquired after the health of the injured groom herself; she didn’t think of herself as an uncaring person, so why had she forgotten the very existence of this man? ‘How is the patient doing? Do we need to send for a physician?’ She had addressed all her remarks to Mary, keeping her back firmly turned on the two interested listeners. A slight movement and a cough behind her reminded her they were there. Reluctantly she spun to face them.

‘Billy has a slight concussion, nothing worse, he will be up and about in no time, Miss Bentley.’

‘I’m so glad he’s recovering, Colonel, let us hope Fred and Thomas can as speedily repair your wheel. You will wish to continue your journey as soon as possible; no doubt you will be missed at Brandon Manor.’

There was a flash of what could have been anger in his eyes but his expression remained open and amiable. ‘I can assure you, Miss Bentley, we shall be on our way the moment my vehicle is roadworthy. We have no wish to be a burden on your limited resources, and we will take our meals in here and thus leave you and Lady Sophia in peace in the main part of the house.’

She nodded a second time and smiled frostily. ‘You are most accommodating, sir. Lady Sophia and I are unused to entertaining as you are obviously aware; however, don’t feel obliged to eat in the kitchen, we shall leave the small sitting-room for your use of whilst you’re with us.’

Mary unaware of the undercurrent of ill feeling that accompanied this conversation chimed in cheerily. ‘These gentlemen don’t mind being in here, miss; they’re military men and are used to eating in far rougher places than this. But if your mind’s set on them having the small parlour for their own then I shall get on to it as soon as breakfast is done.’

‘Thank you, Mary. I shall leave you to continue your cooking. The fire is lit in the breakfast room; I’ll occupy myself with making toast until Fred’s ready to serve us.’

She swept from the room almost colliding with Tom Hopkins who had just come in through a side door, and seemed unsurprised to see her. ‘Good morning, Miss Bentley. It’s a right nasty out there, I can tell you. The river’s flooded; I reckon the wheel will be ready long before the road’s passable again.’

Her heart dipped to her boots at his bald statement. ‘Oh no! I feared as much. It could be two weeks before the water subsides.’ She had quite forgotten the kitchen door was still wide open and her conversation clearly heard by the occupants.

‘Them gentlemen ain’t going nowhere for a while, that’s for sure.’ The expression of comical dismay on Thomas’s face when he finally registered that all the elaborate preparations, countless rehearsals, had been for naught, made her smile.

‘I know; what a ridiculous waste of time our preparations were. I suppose we must be glad that they were strangers who we attempted to deceive and not Sir Randolph.’

‘Sir Randolph? Would that be Sir Randolph Rushton by any chance, Miss Bentley?’

All desire to laugh evaporated. How could she have been so stupid as to mention his name?

Her stomach lurched and she clutched the wall for support. She wanted to deny she had spoken, but she was too late. The expression on the colonel’s face told her that after years in hiding they were discovered. Before she could protest the colonel stepped forward and scooped her into his arms. She was too shocked to protest.

‘Miss Bentley is unwell, direct me to a chamber in which she can recover her composure.’

Major Dudley and Mary appeared in the doorway, but she was too embarrassed and humiliated to do more than hide her face in the shoulder of the man who had snatched her willy-nilly into his arms.

*

‘Dudley, you are down at last. I’ve arranged for us to eat in the kitchen, come into the small parlour we used last night and I’ll explain my reasons to you.’ As soon as they were private and the door firmly closed he explained. ‘We’re not alone here, a girl and her insane mother are living here. I met the young woman in the kitchen when I came down for a drink in the middle of the night.’

‘God’s teeth! Which of you was the more shocked by the encounter?’

‘The honours were equal, my friend. I must warn you, she’s the most beautiful creature I’ve ever set eyes on.’

‘I hope you’re telling me it’s a coup de foudre. It’s high time you moved on from what happened in Spain.’

‘Stow it! I’ve done nothing of the kind. Miss Bentley is different – I could perhaps come to like her.’ Before Dudley interrupted he waved him into the seat, waiting for him to settle before continuing. ‘I met Lady Sophia, Miss Bentley’s mother, just now. The two women are so alike they could be sisters. I doubt Lady Sophia could have been more than a child herself when her daughter was born.’

‘Indeed! I want to know what in God’s name possessed the two of them to hide in the attics when we appeared?’

‘I was coming to that; I think Lady Sophia must be deranged. That could explain why the two of them are living here in isolation with so few staff. I believe it’s not uncommon in society for an unfortunate to be locked away where they can cause no embarrassment to the family.’

‘But now?’ Major Dudley rubbed his chin. ‘A conundrum indeed. It would certainly explain their strange behaviour. You said you met Lady Sophia this morning. Did she seem insane in any way? Is that why you think it wiser for us to remain separate from them whilst we’re here?’

‘Actually, her ladyship appeared almost normal, if it hadn’t been for the fact her daughter was gripping her arm and was obliged to almost drag her away, I would have thought her completely compos mentis.’

‘In which case, old fellow, I’ll follow your lead in this matter. It’s a great pity we’re obliged to intrude on their privacy, we must do everything we can not disrupt the normal pattern of their lives. I seem to recall that sudden upsets and changes in routine can cause mania to become worse.’

The matter decided satisfactorily Robert changed the subject to that of the injured groom. ‘I’ve already visited Billy and he’s almost recovered, apart from a lump on the back of his head he’s as good as new. I told him to stay where he is today and resume his duties tomorrow.’

‘And your cattle? No doubt you’ve already checked on them as well.’

‘I did that first; they’ve been well looked after, the stabling here is excellent. I think there must be horses somewhere else, or why would there be so many boxes ready for use?’

Dudley stood up. ‘Now the secret is out, I expect the animals will reappear. I hope they came to no harm in the storm last night.’

‘Tom, the housekeeper’s husband, and the young man, Fred, I think he was called, were nowhere to be seen this morning. I expect they were taking care of the missing horses.’

Together they strolled back through the narrow passageways until they reached the kitchen. Robert pushed the door open and was pleased to find the housekeeper busy at the range. ‘Good morning, Hopkins. With your permission, Major Dudley and I would much prefer to eat in here. I’m sure you understand my reasons for requesting this.’

The woman frowned for a moment and then beamed. ‘Of course, sir, you don’t want to make any more work for us then you have to. Perhaps you could eat your breakfast in the kitchen, but dine in the small sitting-room you used last night?’

‘Thank you, that would be an excellent compromise. Is that ham I can smell?’ He sniffed appreciatively. ‘We shan’t require anything different from the food you serve yourselves; and I can assure you that as soon as we’re able to, your larder will be refilled at our expense.’

His friend was already seated at the central table and he joined him there, knowing his presence was unsettling the housekeeper. Two steaming cups of tea were placed in front of them, quickly followed by a plate of freshly baked bread, butter and bramble jelly.

He was happily munching his second piece of bread and conserve when the door swung open and Miss Bentley came in. The look of astonishment on the housekeeper’s face told him the girl had not informed her staff she and her mother were no longer hiding in the attics. The young lady was decidedly terse, barely acknowledging his introduction of his friend.

If there was one thing that set his teeth on age, it was ill manners; common courtesy costs nothing was a famous saying of his. He caught Dudley’s eye and shrugged and his friend smiled, seemingly unbothered by his dismissal.

Miss Bentley, her message delivered - that she and her mother would be eating in the breakfast parlour - walked out leaving the door ajar and he was able to overhear the conversation between the girl and Tom Hopkins.

He moved forward intending to close the door when Tom mentioned the road was flooded and would be impassable for a week or more. He had to know more of this and stepped out into the corridor; as he did so he heard her mention the name of someone he knew.

‘Sir Randolph? Would that be Sir Randolph Rushton by any chance, Miss Bentley?’

At his comment the girl’s head jerked up and her face drained of colour, her look of horror as she staggered against the wall told him he had by chance discovered a secret. Miss Bentley must be of a sickly disposition, she was certainly a slender as a wand, this was the second time he had seen her swoon.

Without conscious thought he was beside her and lifting her into his arms. Her collapse was his fault, he must put matters right. Ignoring her feeble protest he demanded that the open-mouthed servant direct him immediately to a suitable room. He shouted back to the housekeeper. ‘Hopkins, your young mistress is unwell, you must come at once to attend to her. Major Dudley can finish cooking the breakfast for you.’

*

Annabel knew wriggling would be useless, the colonel was used to getting his own way. It would be better if she kept still until he put her down in the drawing-room. She shuddered to think what her poor mama would think of the situation. She wasn’t left long to wonder.

‘Good heavens! Might I ask exactly what is going on here, Colonel Sinclair?’ Her mother’s voice ripped through the corridor. She recognized the danger signals but the man, who was carrying her, did not.

He ignored the question and continued on his way to the front of the house. Should she warn him or wait and see how he reacted to her mother in one of her furies? She had learnt, when still in leading strings, to desist instantly when spoken to in that particular tone.

Something prompted her to pull sharply on his jacket collar. ‘Colonel Sinclair, you had best not ignore my mama. When she’s angry it’s best to take evasive action if you wish to remain intact.’

Instead of responding he nodded, his expression sympathetic. ‘I understand, Miss Bentley, but I shall not be deterred. When I’ve found you somewhere comfortable to rest will be time enough to deal with Lady Sophia.’

He shouldered his way into the drawing-room and deposited her gently on the chaise-longue. She thought it expedient to dissemble; she sighed loudly and settled back as if in a further fit of the vapours. With her eyes closed she prayed her mother might be more concerned for her health than venting her spleen on the unfortunate colonel. At the sound of her mother’s footsteps she clenched her fists and waited.

‘Colonel Sinclair, I must assume that you have the double affliction of deafness and lack of intellect to burden you. Is Major Dudley your keeper? If so, he is doing a demonstrably poor job.’

Colonel Sinclair had, for some reason, remained positioned beside her as if she needed protecting from her mother. From under her eyelashes she saw him stiffen, outraged at her mother’s insults.

‘Madam, it is not my faculties that are suspect. Miss Bentley was taken unwell and I was obliged to carry her somewhere she could be comfortable. However your muddled mind might like to view this, I can assure you my motives were of the most honourable.’

Annabel recalled her concern about his mental equilibrium. If she wasn’t mistaken, he had just accused Mama of being insane. Now was the time for her to make a miraculous recovery.

‘Oh dear! Whatever is all this shouting? How did I come to be in here? Mama, is that you?’

The colonel’s head shot around to stare at her as if it was she that had now become a candidate for Bedlam.

‘My darling girl, you have never fainted in your life. I do hope you’re not going down with the fever.’ Her mother, ignoring the formidable gentleman glowering down at her, dropped to her knees.

‘I am feeling decidedly peculiar, Mama. I should like to be alone.’

He took the hint and with a fulminating stare strode off, his back parade ground stiff. It would take a deal of explaining to smooth matters over. It didn’t bode well for the next two weeks if she couldn’t arrange for her mother and the colonel to be civil to each other.

As if in punishment for feigning illness her head now begun to pound in earnest, she was about to suffer from one of her fearsome megrims. The door opened and Mary hurried in.

Whatever next! Here you are prostrate on the day bed, miss, and the colonel has slammed out of the house and not touched his ham and eggs.’





Chapter Five





Robert strode round to the stables not sure why he was so angry. Lady Sophia was deranged; he could hardly blame her for being insubordinate. He would take one of the horses and see for himself just how bad the flooding was; it would give him time to calm down.

He tacked up, jumping into the saddle as if about to lead a cavalry charge, and cantered out of the yard scattering fowl in all directions. It wasn’t until he was halfway down the drive he understood what had angered him. If Lady Sophia was in any way half-witted then so was he. In which case, why had they been hiding in the attic?

The sound of rushing water interrupted his musings. He reined back and stood in his stirrups, shocked to see what had once been a narrow lane was now a torrent of muddy water. Hopkins was right, no carriage would be able to pass this way for some considerable time. Damn good thing they hadn’t written to announce their arrival at Brandon Manor, circumstances being as they were Dudley’s sister would have been left wondering what had happened to them.

Feeling more relaxed he cantered parallel to the river until he was prevented from continuing by a large five barred gate. From here he could watch the water, it covered not just the lane but the field on the far side; Brandon Hall was set above the surrounding countryside which was why his mount was not up to his hocks in the flood.

Indeed, this new river had encroached into the lower levels of the parkland, but it would go no further. Even when the waters receded he doubted the lane would be passable: it would be mud filled and dangerously slippery; he had seen similar cases in Spain. It could be days before the waters subsided. He frowned as he considered the disagreeable option that faced him; he and Dudley could ride the ten miles across country and return to collect their carriage at the end of their visit, or they could remain in situ.

Lady Sophia had taken him in dislike, and he wasn’t favourably disposed towards her either. However, her daughter presented the real problem. At eight and twenty he had been the youngest colonel in Wellington’s army. At thirty he was considered an eligible parti. He wasn’t as deep in the pocket of some of his cronies but was warm enough. He had inherited a neat estate in Hertfordshire which brought him in a tidy income, and his prize money, securely deposited in the funds, was increasing in value every year. An unattached hero from the Peninsular, with an annual income of £3,000, might be just what Miss Bentley was looking for. After what had happened to Maria he had vowed to remain celibate, but the way the young woman stirred his senses could prove disastrous. Being cloistered here for two weeks might well leave them compromised.

She was an innocent. Good God! Had she not already appeared inappropriately dressed and actually taken hold of his hand? Her mother was more worldly, had understood immediately he had overstepped the bounds of propriety by picking her daughter up.

Had Miss Bentley now told her mother what had taken place in the kitchen the previous night? Would he return to find Lady Sophia insisting he did the honourable thing? This would not happen. He must not weaken. What he felt for her was desire, nothing else. He would suggest to Dudley they packed their bags and rode across country to Brandon Manor this afternoon. Billy and Jethro must remain behind and make themselves useful.

*

Two wretched days later Annabel eventually recovered from her sick headache. She opened her eyes to find sunlight streaming into the bedroom, her head clear and her stomach settled. Relieved she was well she scrambled out of bed and hurried into the dressing room. There was sufficient cold water in the jug for her to wash. Twenty minutes later, her hair in a plaited coronet, dressed in her riding habit, she was on her way downstairs to find something to eat before going to the stables.

Mary was kneading dough at the table. ‘Good morning, miss, you look a deal better today. There’s no fresh bread yet, but I can soon do you some eggs, and the water is boiling ready for tea.’

‘Is there stale bread? I can toast it in front of the range, I don’t require anything cooked today thank you, Mary.’ She had expected to find the kitchen already occupied by their two guests.

‘Have Colonel Sinclair and Major Dudley not come down yet?’

‘Heavens! Did Lady Sophia not tell you? They left yesterday on horseback. They intend to collect their carriage and their men when they return from their visit.’

Annabel wasn’t sure if she was relieved or disappointed to find their visitors departed so unexpectedly. Still, she would meet them again when they came back. ‘How long will it take Fred to repair the wheel axle, do you know?’

‘He reckons it should be done by the end of the week, but it will be another week after that before the lane is suitable for vehicles.’ Mary handed her three slices of bread and a toasting fork and placed a cup of tea on the table beside her. ‘There you are, you’ll feel all the better for eating something.’

She busied herself cooking her bread and when the first slice was done to her satisfaction she covered it thinly with butter, ignoring the bramble jelly. Her delicate digestion was not ready for sweet treats. ‘Have the colonel’s two retainers gone with him, Mary?’

‘Bless you, miss, no. Billy’s helping Fred repair the wheel. Jethro’s working with my Tom in the vegetable garden. It’s a real godsend, having those two here when there’s so much to do to prepare for the winter.’

‘I’m sorry you have to work so hard, I wish I could do more to help.’

‘You mustn’t fret, miss, we’re happy enough, wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.’ She pushed an errant strand of grey-brown hair back under her cap and beamed. ‘And a bit of hard work never hurt no one and you do quite enough. It ain’t right for a lady to do so much, you should be sewing and such, not shovelling and digging like common folk have to.’

‘I should go mad with boredom, Mary, and well you know it. I play the piano, and help in the still room; they are ladylike pursuits, as I’m sure you will agree.’ Brushing crumbs from her skirt she stood up. ‘Could you tell Mama I’m going out, when she comes down? Silver will be desperate for exercise; it’s three days since he’s been ridden.’

‘It’s grand to see you in a habit, miss, and not in breeches and boots. Will your beast take a side saddle safely?’

‘Good grief! I’ll still ride astride, Mary. My only concession to propriety this morning was to don my habit; remember it has a divided skirt, it works well which ever saddle I use.’

Outside the autumn sun turned the flagstones from grey to silver, but she ignored them, such poetical fancies were her mother’s domain. One artist in the family with their head in the clouds was sufficient. She liked to keep her feet firmly on the ground; without her practical skills she was certain they could not have survived on so little money for so long.

The stable yard was empty; her horse, a huge, dapple-grey gelding was stamping impatiently in his box. She hurried across and called to him.

‘Silver, here I am, sweetheart. I’ll have your tack ready in an instant; you must be patient for a while longer.’

The massive head swung over the box to greet her. She pulled his ears and kissed him fondly on his velvet nose. ‘Have you missed me, Silver? Good boy, stand still whilst I fetch your saddle and bridle.’ She was relieved to see the horse had been groomed and fed; all she had to do was get him ready. This was a task she always did herself, the animal was as gentle as a kitten with her, but ferocious with anyone else. Even Tom and Fred, who had looked after him since he was a two-year-old, still treated the gelding with caution

She trotted out of the yard passing the barn in which the damaged wheel was being repaired. She was surprised to find Fred hammering busily on his own. ‘Where’s Billy? I thought he was here helping you?’

The young man looked up from his task, getting hastily to his feet. ‘He’s ridden into Ipswich, miss. There’s something I need to finish this task and he has errands to run for the colonel as well.’

‘However will he find his way? He’s a stranger to Suffolk.’

‘It ain’t far across the fields, Miss Bentley, and he has a tongue in his head, don’t he? I only need some particular nails, Billy won’t have no difficulty carrying those back.’

With this she had to be satisfied; she couldn’t imagine what Colonel Sinclair had required his groom to do in Ipswich. However, this was none of her concern. She wouldn’t worry about the young man’s whereabouts; she would enjoy a gallop around the estate.

*

‘There! I can see it; Brandon Manor - it can be no more than a mile ahead.’

‘I shall be mightily glad to get there, Dudley, I have as much water in my boots as if I had been riding in a river.’ Robert could see a handsome building of considerable size across the park. ‘I hope that your sister doesn’t stand on ceremony, we look like a pair of vagabonds descending on her.’

‘Amelia will appreciate the effort we have made to get here. The fact that we’re mud spattered and dishevelled will make no difference.’

Robert’s mount was tiring after the arduous cross-country ride; the horse was more used to pulling his carriage than jumping fences and ditches. ‘Dudley, I should be loath to return the way we’ve come; I fear it might have proved too much for these beasts. If they’ve not both suffered from tendon damage I’ll be amazed.’

‘Neither of them is lame; there are no further jumps to take, we might as well walk the remaining distance, give them time to cool down.’

Two grooms greeted them in the stable yard on their arrival. Dudley dismounted and tossed his reins at the first. ‘I am Major Dudley come to visit Lady Barton; this is Colonel Sinclair. Take special care of the horses, they are not used to what they have endured this morning.’

Robert glanced round the yard and found it satisfactory. He shook out the worst of the mud from his riding coat then held out his hand for his saddlebag.

‘I hope we’re not expected to dress for dinner, neither of us have our evening rig.’

‘I told you, Sinclair, my sister will be so delighted we’re here at all she’ll take us as she finds us and make no complaints.’



This proved to be the case. Lady Barton was ecstatic to see them and could not hear enough about their adventures. Robert was pleased with his accommodation, he had even been provided with a valet to take care of his every need. The man told him he had been Sir John’s manservant and was grateful to have two gentlemen to take care of.

Amelia Barton was short and plump, with nut-brown ringlets and a ready smile. The two small children were paraded briefly, but he had been hard put to tell whether they were male or female, both being dressed in frilly garments. He had had little to do with infants and, as he did not intend to marry, things would remain that way.

It had been fortuitous Miss Bentley had been obliged to stay in her rooms as this had meant Lady Sophia had also been absent. When he’d suggested to Dudley they leave immediately for Brandon Manor his friend had been strangely reluctant. It had taken a deal of persuasion, but he had got his way. He always did.

Spruced up, with his boots shining, fresh breeches and shirt and newly pressed jacket, he was ready to go down for dinner. Lady Barton kept country hours, for which he was heartily grateful. They had been riding since early morning and breakfast had been many hours ago, the time was now four o’clock and he was more than ready to eat.

They were halfway through their meal when he recalled that the mention of Sir Randolph Rushton had caused Miss Bentley to recoil in horror. Perhaps he could find out more from his hostess. ‘Lady Barton, have you heard of a family called Rushton? Sir Randolph Rushton, and Lady Sophia, to be exact.’

‘Good heavens! I have not heard that name mentioned for several years now; there was a huge scandal, you know. Lady Sophia Rushton ran away, taking her daughter from her first marriage with her. The matter was the talk of the town at the time.’

Robert felt a shiver of apprehension. That was why the name was so familiar. Could it be the same man that a fellow officer had told him about? He hadn’t connected the two names until now. Sir Randolph Rushton was infamous for his debased practices and was a member of the Hellfire Club. No unprotected young woman was safe when he was near. The officer, Latimer, if he recalled correctly, had been obliged to rescue his own sister from the man’s clutches. This had been no more than two or three years ago.

‘Did Rushton make any effort to find his wife?’ He stared hard at his friend warning him not to mention that they had met Lady Sophia and her daughter.

‘Let me think. Yes, I believe he invested a deal of money in the search. He was heartbroken, you know, it was quite pitiful to see his misery. I cannot understand why his wife should wish to run away from such a charming and wealthy man.’

‘Perhaps there was another gentleman involved? Whatever the reason, it’s none of our business,’ Dudley said firmly. His sister immediately changed the subject, obviously well used to following the instructions of her older brother.

When Lady Barton withdrew, leaving them to their port, Robert spoke urgently to his friend.

‘Your sister is going to ask why I mentioned the man’s name in the first place – what do you propose to tell her when she does? Do you know what the man is like?’

‘I heard rumours. When his name was mentioned by Miss Bentley I knew instantly why they were hiding at Brandon Hall. Lady Sophia and her daughter must not be betrayed by us, their secret must be kept.’

‘God’s teeth!’ Robert hurtled to his feet, his chair crashing noisily to the floor behind him. ‘I told Billy to go into Ipswich to replace the brandy we drank. What if he overheard Miss Bentley? The boy’s room opened on to the corridor. My God! He could unwittingly mention them and that bastard turn up and drag some off. It would be my fault.’

Dudley replaced as chair and then gripped him by the shoulder. ‘It doesn’t do to overreact, Sinclair. Even if Billy mentions Lady Sophia or Miss Bentley whilst in Ipswich, why should anyone report the matter to a London aristocrat?’

‘Ipswich isn’t so very far from Town; a careless word spoken today could reach London by tomorrow.’ His pulse slowed as he recovered from his agitation. ‘That man was trying to ensnare unwary young ladies a little over two years ago. Perhaps he has moved on and forgotten about his missing wife and stepdaughter.’

Surely it couldn’t be happening a second time? He sank back on his chair, pouring himself a second glass of port to steady his nerves. He had a bad feeling about this; his military instincts were aroused. Rushton might well not give up until he had reclaimed what he would consider to be his property. Lady Sophia must have run away to protect her daughter. She would have been the same age then as Latimer’s sister.

‘Let’s hope so, Sinclair. We don’t need to worry about Lady Sophia and her daughter at the moment. Remember, the road’s impassable and likely to remain that way for a sen’night at least.’

‘Of course, you’re correct – my wits are wandering. We shall be returning there shortly and can see for ourselves that they are safe.’

Was this his opportunity to redeem himself? In protecting these two women from Rushton would he finally be able to put the past behind him?



Several days past pleasantly enough at Brandon Manor, but Robert’s thoughts constantly turned to the occupants of Brandon Hall. He wished he hadn’t departed so precipitously, but had stayed to get to know Miss Bentley’s circumstances better.

There had been no further rain, according to the head gardener the floods everywhere were receding and the roads would be usable soon. He would risk his carriage horse a second time and ride back to Brandon Hall the following day. Dudley didn’t wish to remain behind. Although he hadn’t seen his sister or her children for several years, he was adamant he would leave too.

Robert was in the stable yard discussing the advisability of bandaging the legs of both horses before they attempted the return journey when a huge grey gelding thundered through the archway its rider bringing his mount to a rearing halt.





Chapter Six





Lady Sophia was waiting in the drawing-room to greet Annabel when she came down after changing out of her riding habit. ‘My dear, are you feeling better? Did you gallop out the last of your headache’

‘I did, thank you, Mama. I was most surprised to find our visitors gone. I do hope you and the colonel were able to be civil to each other before they left.’

‘Ah! The colonel - I must talk to you about that gentleman. Come and sit down, I have asked Mary to bring a tray here as soon as you returned.’

Annabel knew this was a gentle warning not to mention Colonel Sinclair until after their lunch had been delivered to them. She hurried to open the door at the rattle of crockery approaching. ‘Here, Mary, let me take that from you. You have more than enough to do with two extra mouths to feed.’

‘Thank you, miss; but you leave it here and I’ll send my Fred along to collect it later. I reckon that Billy won’t be back until this evening, so only one extra for this meal.’ Chuckling to herself the housekeeper vanished back into the bowels of the house.

The tray contained vegetable broth, sweet rolls and apple pie; more than enough for a luncheon. Annabel arranged the food on the table whilst her mother drew up two chairs.

‘Sit down, my dear. Now, I want to know exactly what happened that night that you went down and met Colonel Sinclair in the kitchen.’

She had been dreading this moment and her cheeks flushed painfully. By the time she had explained the whole she realised things were far worse than she had thought.

‘Good grief! He in his shirt and breeches only? And you took his hand in yours?’ Her mother shook her head in disbelief.

‘He had burnt himself, Mama, I was helping him….’

‘It is my fault,’ her mother interrupted, her voice little more than a whisper. ‘I have failed in my duty as a parent. If I had explained to you how to go on then this would never have happened. I am so sorry, my darling, I have ruined your life along with my own.’

She was well used to her mother being over dramatical but this was more extreme than usual. ‘Mama, you’ve nothing to apologize for. Sinclair is a gentleman, what took place between us will never be mentioned elsewhere. I fully understand I compromised myself by remaining in the kitchen, unchaperoned, as I did. However, no damage has been done as far as I can see. My reputation remains intact.’ She grinned at her mother, hoping to lighten the mood. ‘But I’m eager to hear what you did whilst I was unwell could possibly have ruined your reputation.’

‘It is nothing to jest about, Annabel. I ruined my life when I married that monster; a runaway wife is permanently beyond the pale.’

Instantly contrite she reached out and clasped her mother’s hands. ‘I beg your pardon, Mama. Please, let’s forget about our unexpected visitors and try and get on with our lives in the quiet way we have done for these past years.’ She picked up her spoon and tasted the soup. ‘Come, you must eat. This is delicious - by far the best carrot and spinach broth Mary has made this year. Remember, Mama, what you are always saying to me about making the most of God’s bounty when we have it? ‘

‘You are right to remind me, my love. I shall not repine; what is done is done, we shall look to the future together. However, I have realised how much you have been missing by living here with me.’

‘I’m perfectly happy, I have no interest in new gowns and suchlike. Now, Mama, tell me, did you make your peace before they left?’

‘Unfortunately I had no opportunity to do so. I did have a most enjoyable conversation with Major Dudley. I was occupied with you for the remainder of the day and the following morning they had gone by the time I came down.’ She smiled. ‘Major Dudley did leave me a letter thanking me for my hospitality and promising to return to collect the carriage and the remainder of the team in two weeks’ time. He also left ten guineas to cover the costs involved.’

‘Mama! That’s a fortune. It will pay for our winter fuel and leave sufficient over to purchase a few extras for the festive season.’

Later Annabel retreated to the music room and her beloved piano. Soon the house was filled with music and she was able to forget the irascible Colonel Sinclair and his friend. When she eventually closed the instrument she discovered she had an audience of one.

‘That was magical, my darling. I could sit and listen to you play all day. Look, I have not been idle sitting here.’ Lady Sophia held up a sketch for her approval.

‘Good heavens! I look quite demented - are you quite sure you have got my expression correct?’

Arm in arm they returned to the breakfast parlour where dinner was to be served. The food was fresh from the garden, and although plain, was cooked to perfection.

‘Mary has excelled herself with this roast capon, Mama. I wonder which one of the cockerels we’re eating tonight.’

‘Annabel! What a horrid thing to say; you have quite put me off my dinner.’ Her mother put down her cutlery with a sigh. ‘Billy has not returned. Jethro is quite concerned about the young man, he fears he has been taken poorly, that his concussion was more serious than we thought.’

‘I’m sure nothing untoward has occurred. He has the wherewithal to stay overnight, that must be what he has done. It’s a long ride to Ipswich, he could well have felt too fatigued to attempt the return.’

‘Let us hope so. I’m going to retire early tonight, my love. I wish to get up at dawn and paint the flood waters before they disappear. I have done it several times before, but never when the leaves are turning golden and russet, as they are now.’

‘I shall do the same; I must get into the orchard and pick the apples and what brambles there are left after the storm.’



The next morning Annabel dressed in her work clothes of men’s breeches, a thick flannel shirt, waistcoat, jacket and cap. The outfit was completed by sturdy boots, the sort that farm boys wore. With her hair tightly coiled and her cap pulled down low, she doubted if she would be recognized; not that there was anyone in the vicinity to see her whether she was dressed in a ball gown or as she was this morning.

She spent all day harvesting and by dusk had several baskets full of apples. The unblemished fruit would be stored in the root cellar under the kitchen. With luck there would be enough to see them through the winter. Tired and filthy she trudged inside coming face-to-face with Billy as she passed the barn.

‘When did you return? I hope you’re quite well after your trek into Ipswich?’

The young man doffed his cap and grinned. ‘I got back around noon, Miss Bentley. I made so many purchases I didn’t dare risk travelling through the fields in the dark. There were rumours in Ipswich that there are troublemakers, rick burners, and soldiers returned from the wars with no work to do. I could have been waylaid and robbed, and the colonel would have been angry.’

‘Well, I’m glad you have returned safely. When will the carriage be repaired do you think?’

‘Fred says the day after tomorrow, and the water’s going from the lane. If it stays dry, Tom reckons it’ll be passable next week.’

She wondered why Sinclair should be angry if his groom was robbed? Surely he would be more concerned for Billy’s safety? She increased her pace, her fatigue forgotten in her eagerness to see what purchases had been made.

After scraping her boots outside the side door, she stepped into the corridor and leant against the wall in order to remove them. She was about to head directly to the kitchen, when she heard her mother calling her.

Pausing at the bottom of the stairs she replied, ‘Mama, I’m going upstairs to change out of my work clothes. I’m certain you don’t wish me to appear dressed as I am.’

‘Nonsense! I cannot wait that long, I want you to see what the Colonel and Major Dudley have sent us.’

Such excitement was seldom seen at Brandon Hall. She couldn’t remember the last time she had seen her mother so exhilarated. She hurried along the passageway to the small parlour.

‘At last!’ Her mother greeted her happily. ‘I have been beside myself with impatience since Billy returned. I could not possibly open the parcels on my own.’

Spread out on to side tables were a variety of interesting shaped packages; no wonder the poor boy had not been able to set out in the dark without fear of being attacked by footpads.

‘You didn’t have to wait for me, Mama, but I’m very glad that you have.’ She pointed at two bottle shaped parcels. ‘Those must be brandy. Colonel Sinclair promised he would replace those, did he not?’

‘He did indeed; he also promised to replenish the larder, but I must admit to having examined all the gifts and I can smell nothing that reminds me of the kitchen.’ Her mother rushed across the room and snatching up one of the brown paper covered objects tossed it towards Annabel. Only by leaping forward did she manage to catch the parcel before it crashed to the floor.

Hugging it to her chest she stared at her mother in astonishment. ‘Mama, what has got into you? If I had dropped this it would have been such a waste.’

‘Open it, my love. Do not stand there procrastinating, I wish to know immediately what is in that package. Remember I have already examined all of them, that one is soft, it could not possibly have broken even if you had dropped it. When you have opened yours then I shall have my turn.’

The string was easily undone and brown paper quickly followed – a riot of brightly coloured material filled her hands. She held up the contents. ‘It’s a cashmere wrap – the colour is so vibrant I’m sure it must be intended for you.’

‘Oh dear! It is rather bright; I am hardly surprised it is not quite what one would have wished, but one could hardly expect a groom to have knowledge of what might be pleasing to us.’

‘Never mind, the colonel is trying to make amends. I doubt if he has much knowledge of feminine requirements; after all a man who travels without a manservant and with only one change of garments is hardly likely to understand the niceties of fashion.’

‘That’s as it might be, my dear, his clothes were plain, but they were made by the best. As I told you before, the cut and material were excellent.’

Like children they tore of the paper in turn, exclaiming and gasping as each gift was revealed. There were paintbrushes, paper and charcoal and several folios of music, plus a variety of knick-knacks and gee-gaws. When the last gift was revealed the floor was strewn with paper and string.

‘Well! How could that gentleman possibly have known I was an artist? Or that you played?’

‘He must have gone into your studio, Mama, and also discovered how well-thumbed my current music is. How incredibly thoughtful of him; his instructions to Billy must have been so precise, I cannot imagine the boy would have thought of this for himself.’ She scrambled to her feet. ‘I shall go at once and ask him.’

‘Do not forget to thank him as well, my dear.’

Mary was putting the fruit glaze upon a plum cake. ‘Did you open all the parcels, miss? There was a fine ham, a box of marchpane and chocolate for your morning drink. I knew as soon as I saw those gentlemen they were generous folk.’

‘I cannot imagine how Billy was able to transport so much on the back of one horse. I’m going to thank him for his effort.’

‘He’s in the barn with Fred, but you don’t have to, miss, he was only doing his duty.’

Annabel knew it wasn’t necessary to thank him in person, but there was something she particularly wished to ask him. He was busy hammering and looked up as she came in.

‘Billy, Lady Sophia and I wish to thank you for bringing back so much from Ipswich. However, could you tell me how you selected the objects?’

He grinned. ‘It weren’t me, Miss Bentley. I just took a note into the Emporium. I reckon as the colonel left it up to them to select the items.’

‘That would explain it; is this why your errand took so long?’

He nodded vigorously. ‘By the time I got there, it were after midday, and the shopkeeper reckoned it weren’t long enough for him to make up the list. Everything had to be packed so’s I could get it on the horse; they found me two panniers, which worked a treat.’

Her lips twitched; this would explain the eclectic mix of items they had received. The colonel must just have given instructions for things suitable for two ladies to be included without specifying the age of either. ‘Did you go especially to buy music and artists materials?’

‘No, Miss Bentley, they must have been on the list as well.’

‘I shan’t hold you up any longer, Billy. Thank you again, Lady Sophia and I are delighted with the items.’

Delighted was perhaps too strong a word; surprised and amused would better describe how they had felt on discovering two satin pincushions, a silver ink well, half a dozen handkerchiefs with lace edging, two books of boring sermons, and a miscellany of items to place on their dressing tables.

As Mama would no doubt say, the thought was what counted. And certainly no expense had been spared. What they had received was far more than they had given in hospitality, and the money amply covered the expense of keeping two horses and mending the carriage.



Two days after receiving the unexpected gifts Annabel was working in the orchard when there was a commotion in the stable yard. She was about to jump down from her perch in a particularly tall apple tree when the noise turned to shouts and a sudden scream of agony. She froze, too terrified to move.

What was happening? Were they being attacked by the renegades Tom had spoken of? Then five roughly dressed men emerged from the yard and headed towards the house. She was hidden from view where she was. There was nothing she could do. If she protested she would be captured, or worse. That would help no one.

The sound of shouting in the distance jolted her into action. She half fell from the tree and keeping low, raced to the stable yard, pausing to peer round the archway before bursting in. Her knees buckled at the carnage she saw there. Four bodies lay spread eagled on the cobbles. Forgetting the danger to herself she ran forward praying that these were not cadavers, that the men had not been murdered by the intruders.

She dropped to her knees by Tom. There was a hideous gash on the back of his head, but at least he was alive. She moved quickly to Fred. He was unconscious from a blow, but breathing evenly. Moving silently she reached Jethro. He was stretched out on his back His eyes were glazed, his jaw slack, his head at a peculiar angle.

She turned away to cast up her accounts, too shocked to care if anyone overheard her distress.

Wiping her mouth on her sleeve she straightened and stared at Billy, he was leaning against the wall, his hands clutched to his side. She could see a red stain on his jacket, blood seeping through his fingers.

For a moment she was paralysed, shock rendering her incapable of rational thought. The men could be back at any moment, having ransacked the house they might return to take the horses and complete their grisly task by finishing off the three injured men.

Billy groaned and she rushed to his side. The poor boy opened his eyes at her touch. ‘You must get help, miss, ride to Brandon Manor and fetch the colonel and the major. They thought I’d kicked the bucket, I heard them say they intended to hole up here for a few days.’ He gasped, unable to speak for a moment. ‘They must have followed me, or overheard me talking in the snug, it’s my fault.’

‘Jethro is dead, but I believe Tom and Fred are merely unconscious. How badly have you been injured?’

‘A knife in the side, I reckon I’ll be all right in a moment. You get off, take your grey, don’t worry about us, get help back here before they find Lady Sophia.’

‘I’ll take the other horses down to the meadow first, that will delay them if they do decide to leave.’

Billy didn’t answer, he had swooned away. She didn’t know what to do for the best. If she left for Brandon Manor would these men survive? She must pray her mother and Mary were safe in the attic out of harm’s way. She would try and help before she left. There was nothing she could do for Jethro. She steeled herself and walked across and pulled his eyelids down, then arranged his limbs in a more seemly manner.

What should she do? How could she prevent the murderers from completing their job? She looked around knowing she wasn’t strong enough to move any of them, and if she fetched blankets then they would know someone else had been there.

A sound behind her spun her round. Billy was on his feet, a lopsided smile on his ashen face.

‘I can take care of things here, Miss Bentley. You get off. Leave them other horses to me.’

Five minutes later she was astride Silver and galloping across the park. She had no definite direction to follow, but knew, for she had heard Jethro talk of it, that Upper Brandon was due east and as the crow flies, no more than eight miles. If she kept the sun behind her and looked out for a twisted church spire she would find her way.

Her horse devoured the miles, clearing enormous hedges and ditches without hesitation, and in less than an hour she saw the church spire and knew she was almost there. She urged her horse on, and they jumped a five barred gate and she could see the house across the field.

‘Come on, Silver, we’re almost there. They are depending on us, we cannot fail them now.’

Her horse increased his pace. He could gallop twice the distance without faltering. She guided him towards the rear of the building. She would be more likely to find assistance there than at front door. Despite the urgency she was well aware that dressed as she was unlikely to gain entrance to such a grand establishment. Colonel Sinclair was standing in the yard talking to a groom. Thank God! She reined back violently. Her horse sat on his hocks, half rearing to a halt.

‘Colonel Sinclair, you must come at once. Brandon Hall has been attacked and Jethro murdered.’





Chapter Seven





‘Tarnation! Miss Bentley! I didn’t recognize you.’ Robert surged forward and almost snatched the girl from the saddle. He expected her to fall tearfully into his arms and was taken aback by her resilience. She stepped away from him and repeated what she had shouted on her arrival.

‘Colonel Sinclair, did you hear what I said? A band of renegades has taken over Brandon Hall; my mother is in extreme danger. You and the major must come at once to save her.’

He hadn’t taken in the sense of her words the first time, had been too surprised by her sudden appearance dressed as a boy and riding a huge hunter better suited to a man. ‘Jethro dead? What about the others?’

‘Billy has been stabbed, but he’s on his feet and says he can take care of Fred and Tom who have head injuries. I heard no sound of screaming when the men stormed the house so my mother and Mary must have managed to hide in the attics.’

‘You there; get this horse rubbed down and walk him until he’s cool. Then have your two best animals saddled. Major Dudley and I will be leaving as soon as I can find him.’ He looked down at the mud streaked young woman who had just ridden pell-mell over rough countryside and seemed hardly out of breath. She was a remarkable girl; he could have done with troopers of her calibre when he was at Waterloo.

‘Miss Bentley, you must come with me to the house. Lady Barton will take care of you. Leave matters to us – I promise you Lady Sophia and your housekeeper will come to no harm.’

To his astonishment she shook her head, dislodging her cap and causing two stable boys, on the far side of the yard, to trip over their buckets in surprise. ‘I shall do no such thing, sir, I’m returning with you. Silver will be sufficiently rested by the time you’re ready to leave. You will have noticed, I’m sure, that his breath is not laboured in the slightest.’

This wouldn’t do. He had given an instruction and expected it to be followed to the letter. He drew himself to his full height and glared at her. ‘That was not an invitation, young lady, I gave you an order. Either you accompany me on your own two feet or I shall sling you over my shoulder and carry you like a sack of potatoes. Which would you prefer?’

There was a flicker of fear and he expected her immediate capitulation, instead she dodged sideways to stand in front of her horse. Her expression of fury exactly matched his own. So be it. He wasn’t going to be defied by little more than a schoolgirl. Good God, men twice her size had cowered beneath his anger.

‘I should stop where you are, Colonel Sinclair. Silver is bigger than you. You cannot bully him into submission.’

*

The colonel’s eyes darkened and Annabel realized this time she could have gone too far. Even her horse might not be sufficient to protect her. She pressed herself against his shoulder, one hand reaching up to entangle itself in his mane. The colonel had taken just two strides when Silver threw up his head and screamed defiance.

Too late to shout a warning; her horse was fiercely protective and didn’t need to be told who was the enemy. The gelding would know the man approaching fast was his target. She spun round and threw both arms around the enraged beast’s neck. ‘Silver, you must not. I’m in no danger, look he’s our friend.’

Her horse ignored her words and plunged forward, his head snaking out, ears flat to his skull, huge yellow teeth barred. The shout of pain as they sank into the colonel’s shoulder gave her the strength to intervene. Spinning round she gripped the animal’s lower lip twisting it viciously, forcing the beast to relinquish his hold.

Into the resulting chaos Major Dudley appeared at the double, word had obviously been sent to the house of her arrival. She was swinging from the horse’s mouth, the colonel white faced, was rubbing his shoulder and the two grooms designated to tack up the most powerful hunters in the stable yard were dithering, not daring to intervene and get bitten or kicked by the flashing hoofs.

Then she was gripped around the waist. ‘Dudley take hold of the animal’s bit, I’ll remove Miss Bentley.’

She expected to be shouted at, after all her horse had just taken a lump out of the man she’d come to ask for help. What had she been thinking of? If she’d explained to him she couldn’t possibly go into the house dressed she was without causing a scandal, instead of losing her temper, none of this would have happened.

Her feet were slammed back to the cobbles, the force sent shockwaves up her legs. She shivered. He was furious with her. ‘Are you badly hurt, sir? I’m sorry, that was my fault.’ She didn’t dare raise her head to look at him.

‘It certainly was. You could have been killed. If you had lost your grip you would have been trampled underfoot.’ His tone was even, his words spoken softly.

She had intended to agree with him, to beg his pardon, ask him to make haste as every minute counted. But when she opened her mouth something quite different emerged. ‘My horse would never tread on me. It is you he would have trampled.’

‘Is that before or after he has torn me limb from limb?’

This unlikely remark sounded almost like a jest. Surely not? Her head shot up to meet not anger, but amusement reflected on his face.

‘You’re an original; I must beg your pardon for ordering you as if you were a member of my regiment. Now, Miss Bentley, could you kindly explain to me why you were prepared to have me killed by your animal rather than go inside?’

‘Good God!’ Major Dudley interrupted. ‘You didn’t suggest she go indoors dressed as she was? My sister would have had a fit of the vapours. Miss Bentley is far better out here with us.’

The look of incredulity on the colonel’s face made her giggle. But the laughter became uncontrolled and soon she was sobbing wildly.

‘My dear girl, this has been too much for you.’

She was grateful to be held against his chest until she shuddered to a stop. A large white handkerchief was stuffed into her hand. She blew her nose and mopped her cheeks.

He pushed her hair out of her eyes with a gentle hand. ‘Are you feeling better? Here, drink this, it’ll restore you.’ The metal of a flask top was pressed to her lips and she swallowed obediently. The fiery liquid surged through her body and she gasped.

‘Thank you…. I think. I should like a drink of water, and so would Silver now he’s cool.’

‘Sit on this upturned tub whilst I fetch you some. Dudley has gone to inform Lady Barton what’s happened. A footman has been sent to fetch the militia from Ipswich. I must leave you for a few minutes to collect what weaponry we can find in the gun room.’ He stepped away, concern on his face. ‘I realize you must return with us. Unfortunately I’m not familiar with propriety and etiquette. To my mind it seemed more important you had a hot bath and something to eat, rather than pander to Lady Barton’s sensibilities.’

‘I understand. Please don’t worry about me, I’m used to taking care of myself. I’m more concerned with my mother’s safety than my own fatigue. Could you hurry? We’ve already wasted far too long.’

He raised a hand, as if he was going to touch her face again, and then dropped it, his lips curving into a slight smile. ‘We shall be with you very soon. Take the time to catch your breath as it will be a hard ride back.’

He disappeared at a run. She was relieved her gelding hadn’t done him any permanent damage. He wouldn’t move so fast, or as easily, if his shoulder had been badly hurt. Closing her eyes, her head resting against the wall, she listened to the sounds of the stable yard. Its normality began to soothe her nerves and after a few minutes respite she was ready to leave.

Where was Silver? She needed to check his feet for stones and re-saddle him. The sound of a groom cursing in a box at the end of the row told her where her mount was.

‘Let me do that. He doesn’t like being handled and you’ll get bitten and stamped on for your trouble.’

The man slid past the flashing teeth with alacrity. ‘If you’re sure, miss, I’ll leave you to it. He won’t let me near him.’

By the time she heard pounding feet outside Silver was comfortable, his hoofs free of stones, his girth tightened and as eager to leave as she was. She led him out to find Colonel Sinclair bristling with weaponry. Both he and Major Dudley were wearing cavalry swords at their waists, and had pistols poking out of each pocket.

She looked for a mounting block, but the colonel stepped forward and tossed her into the saddle, his smile told her he was confident of success. Gathering her reins she waited for her two escorts to be mounted, hoping Brandon Manor had horseflesh up to their weight. As soon as the two horses were led out she knew there was nothing to worry about. Whoever owned these magnificent animals must be a bruising rider, for both were well over sixteen hands and powerfully put together.

‘Right; you lead the way, Miss Bentley. When we came we took the easiest route, my bays were scarcely up to our weight so we avoided the difficult terrain. We opened gates where we could, rather than jumping them.’

‘We have to keep the sun in front, and ride due west. It took me less than an hour to get here; I hope we can return more quickly.’

She was about to move off when he moved closer. ‘When we get within sight of your home we’ll stop. It would do no good to announce our arrival. Leave things to us, surprise is on our side and, have no fear, we’ll prevail. We’ve faced more formidable opponents and come out unscathed many times.’

‘My mother…’

‘Lady Sophia will be unhurt, I give you my word.’

‘Thank you, Colonel. I have the utmost confidence in both of you. Billy has told us you’re both heroes of Waterloo; a handful of vagabonds should be as nothing to you.’

*

Robert decided to send the girl ahead, not because he and Dudley couldn’t find the quickest route themselves, but he wished her to set the pace. Her horse was strong, but galloping back might prove too much for it and he’d no intention of leaving her unescorted in the wilds of Suffolk.

He had discussed with Dudley the best plan of action for when they arrived at Brandon Hall. They would reconnoitre, and if there was no immediate danger to the ladies, they would wait until dark before attacking. He had promised Lady Sophia would emerge unscathed from her ordeal, he couldn’t say the same for the bastards who’d killed his coachman and injured young Billy and the others.

The two of them were hard pressed to keep up with the grey gelding and its diminutive rider. The girl flinched at nothing, setting her horse at the largest obstacles and sailing over with feet to clear. The Brandon Manor horses were labouring by the time they were in sight of their destination.

‘Miss Bentley, we’re going to complete the rest of the journey on foot. You must remain here with the horses. Can you manage all three?’ He had decided the best way to get the girl on side was to give her a challenge. As long as she was a safe distance from the house he cared little what she did. Taking care of three exhausted horses should fully occupy her time.

‘I can, Colonel. If you hand me up their reins, I’ll walk them until they’re cooled down. I can take them to the meadow, where we hid Silver last week. There’s shelter and fodder and water there. I’m not stupid, Colonel Sinclair, I’ll stay out of your way until the matter is dealt with.’

‘Good girl - is there somewhere you can curl up in the warm as well? It’s quite possible we won’t attack until full dark.’

‘What about Tom and Fred? Can I not creep back to the stables and see if there’s anything I can do to help them?’

He gripped her knee. ‘Absolutely not. I’ll take care of them, you will remain out of harm’s way, is that quite clear?’

This time she didn’t argue. ‘I give you my word.’

The hand relaxed and he smiled, and for some strange reason her pulse skipped a beat. It must be anxiety that was playing havoc with her pulse.

Dusk had fallen and from her vantage point on the back of a horse she could see the faint glimmer of candles in the hall. The intruders were obviously making themselves at home, she hoped they had found the brandy and drank it all. Even two bottles between five or six men should blunt their senses enough to make it easier for the colonel and the major to accomplish their mission safely. They were brave men – Mama had been right to say Providence had sent them.

How odd the major deferred to the colonel when he was his senior by several years. A wave of unexpected heat coloured her cheeks. Sinclair was autocratic and not at all the sort of man she could admire, so why did her heart flip when he so much as looked at her?

The three horses were exhausted and she had no difficulty walking them until they were ready to be taken to the meadow. She gave the stables a wide berth; she had promised not to go there and wouldn’t break her word. Leading a horse on either side of her down the narrow track was difficult so she released the reins of one of the hunters and hoped he would follow his stable-mate.

There was just a light enough to see to open the gate and take the horses through. She swung her leg over and dropped to the ground, her legs gave way beneath her. Silver’s huge head nudged her in the back. ‘I know, sweetheart, but I’m as tired as you. Give me a moment and I’ll be up again and take you somewhere warm and dry.’

Bracing herself against her horse she staggered to her feet. The three animals were waiting patiently to be tended to. Quickly removing their tack she hung it over the gate, it would come to no harm there for the moment.

‘You know the way, Silver, take the others down to the stream for a drink whilst I sort out your supper.’ As if understanding her command the grey moved off towards the bottom of the field and the other two followed. The scent of water was drawing them, not her instructions.

The open barn had straw and hay piled at one end. All she had to do was find a pitchfork to shake out the bedding. The darkness of the shelter meant she had to do her work by touch. Fortunately, by the time the animals returned to investigate, she had three mounds of sweet hay waiting and a thick layer of straw across the mud floor. Satisfied she’d done all she could to make her charges comfortable she found herself a corner, out of harm’s way, and settled down to wait.

Her stomach gurgled loudly, she hadn’t eaten since dawn. She was also thirsty. Should she risk drinking from the brook that ran across the bottom of the field? No, not after the horses had been trampling in it. There were still apples on some of the trees in the orchard and this was nowhere near the stable yard or the house, so she wouldn’t be breaking her promise by going there to find herself something to eat.

*

Robert wrapped his muffler around his head leaving only his eyes showing, then removed his cravat and buttoned up his jacket. His friend was doing the same; they were well used to preparing for night-time raids. It was imperative to cover one’s face and remove, or obscure, any light-coloured clothing. Too many men had foundered because they had forgotten this simple rule.

‘There are candles lit in the house, I think we’re safe to assume these bastards don’t intend to leave tonight.’

‘In which case, Sinclair, let’s see how things are with the men. I brought my medical kit with me.’

Holding his scabbard to stop the sword rattling, Robert arrived at the stable block, Dudley close behind. He had excellent night vision and could see at a glance that, apart from the corpse, there were no other figures on the cobbles. He moved stealthily through the yard and out to the barn. He was sure this was where he would find the injured men.

‘Billy? Billy, are you in there?’ He tapped three times on the wall and was rewarded by movement inside. ‘We’re coming in, lad, stay put and wait for us.’ He fingered his way along the wooden surface until he came to the latch and quietly lifted it. Inky blackness greeted him.

‘Over here, sir, Fred ain’t too bad, but I fear Tom won’t see the sun again.’





Chapter Eight





The moon gave Annabel sufficient light to find her way through the wicket gate in the hedge that bounded the kitchen garden. She had decided to scavenge there first as there should be a few salad leaves and some late raspberries on the canes. The orchard was the other side of the vegetable plot, it would be a simple task to slip in and gather a few apples to eat with whatever else she found.

She was expecting to hear sounds of the ambush coming from the house at any moment. She was far enough away to be out of danger even if shots were fired from within. The only drawback to her scheme was that she had to pass within twenty-five yards of the stable block, she dreaded to think what his reaction would be if he discovered her creeping about like this.

She paused on seeing the black outline of the barn. Silence. Confident she could collect her dinner by slipping from shadow to shadow, she continued. So busy listening she knocked an unwary boot against a pile of flowerpots sending them tumbling to the ground. The noise echoed in the darkness and instinctively she dropped to her hands and knees, hoping she would remain undetected. She wasn't sure if she was more frightened of being heard by the colonel or by the intruders.

Slowly her heart stopped thudding in her ears; there had been no reaction from the house, no doors flung open, no running feet in her direction. Neither had there been any noise from the stables or barn. Thank God! Her carelessness hadn't attracted any unwanted attention so she could continue to forage for supper. She remained crouched in the darkness for a further few minutes to be absolutely sure she was alone. Confident she could continue she straightened and stepped into a solid wall of flesh.

Her scream of shock was stifled by a rough hand clapped across her mouth. Too scared to struggle when something smelly was dragged over her head and she was lifted from her feet. Next, she was carried through the darkness slung over the shoulder of her captor. She couldn’t breathe, was terrified her bladder would empty.

The jolting journey was over in moments and she was dumped unceremoniously to the ground. All this was done without a word being spoken. She'd no idea if she was inside the house or somewhere else entirely. If her abductor didn’t remove the noisome sack she would choke. Her nostrils were becoming blocked by dust and straw, her mouth already full of something similar. Was she to be left to suffocate?

Then the material was snatched away. She tried to breathe, but instead rushed she choked and coughed, her chest a band of pain. Then she was upended and thumped hard between her shoulders, the force of the blows causing the blockage to be expelled.

Wheezing and gasping for breath, tears streaming down her cheeks, she believed she was dying. Then gentle fingers forced open her mouth and deftly removed the remaining straw.

‘Take shallow breaths, relax, your lungs are clear now, let nature take over.’

She did as instructed and slowly the restriction began to ease and her head cleared. Her nose was still blocked and she blew it noisily wiping away the mess with the sleeve of her jacket. As her breath calmed so her indignation grew. The colonel had almost killed her.

The man was deranged! He had deliberately treated her like an enemy in order to punish her for supposedly disobeying his orders. A tin mug was held to her lips and she drank thirstily. The water removed the last of the obstructions and when she’d finished she was more than ready to tell him exactly what she thought of his behaviour.

Before she could begin her tirade he squatted down beside her. ‘God’s teeth! My dear girl, you have a propensity for living dangerously. What the hell were you doing skulking about in the vegetable patch? I thought you were one of the intruders.’ This was spoken in a harsh whisper.

‘Why should you think that? I am in no way like one of the vagabonds. You must have realised who it was as soon as I walked into you.’

There was an ominous silence. ‘It didn't occur to me, Miss Bentley. I had given you a direct order, I am unused to having these ignored.’

She swallowed nervously. ‘I didn't come anywhere near the stables, I was going to get myself something to eat. If I hadn’t trodden on the flowerpots you would never have known I was there.’

Another voice whispered from the darkness. ‘The colonel heard you long before that, miss, he was out there waiting.’

‘Billy!’ Her exclamation was too loud and immediately she was admonished. ‘I’m sorry, Colonel Sinclair, but I was so pleased to hear his voice. How are you?’

‘Fair to middling, miss. The major reckons I’ll be well again in the day or so.’

This whispered conversation was brought to an abrupt halt by a sharp command. ‘Be silent, both of you.’

She collapsed against the wall, too tired and dispirited to argue further. Although her lungs were working more or less normally every breath she took was painful. She didn’t dare clear her throat, she had already caused enough problems. Tears trickled unheeded down her face and she bit her lips trying to keep back her sobs. Too much had happened to her and her family in the past few hours.

Her beloved mother could have been found already, the monsters could be ... She gulped; she couldn't bear to think what might be happening inside the house. Dark memories of her stepfather flooded her mind.

There was a slight movement beside her and she was lifted, as if she weighed nothing, and carried across the barn. The area was coal black, no glimmer of moonlight filtering in through the cracks in the wall, how could he march so confidently when moving blind?

‘Don’t cry, sweetheart, I’m a brute to treat you so harshly. Let me hold you; you're shivering, my warmth will restore you.’ He folded, still holding her close, onto a convenient wooden box.

His words had been spoken softly into her ear, for her alone. She should protest. A well brought up young lady would never allow herself to be comforted like this, but she relaxed, and her terror and anxiety trickled away. Sighing she closed her eyes, it was so warm and comfortable cradled in his arms, she felt as if she belonged there.

*

The girl in his arms went limp, Robert waited a few more moments for her breathing to become regular. Then carefully regaining his feet, he twisted and placed her in the bed of straw he had prepared. After tucking his riding coat around her he stepped back satisfied she was safe. He cursed inwardly that his carelessness had almost killed her. He had been too long away from military service, his instincts no longer honed sharp. He wouldn't have made such a mistake two years ago. Even after the tragedy he had remained clear-sighted and focused.

Maybe he should resign his commission, give up all thought of serving King and country; thirty wasn't old, he was in his prime. Dudley had the right idea; he was intending to join the East India Company, having only a small private income to live on. His friend had already resigned, high time he did the same.

Gesturing that the time to leave had come, he moved to the exit and began to re-buckle his sword belt. The pistols were tucked into his coat pockets, handles protruding ready to be snatched out when needed. They were both loaded and primed, all he had to do was cock and fire.

‘How are the men?’ Dudley had been ministering to the injured whilst he’d been on guard and then taking care of the girl. He didn’t trust himself to think of her as Annabel, it would make her too familiar; he had loved a woman once, would never allow himself to do so again.

‘Billy and Fred are doing well; not so sure about Tom’s chances.’

‘When this is over, we must send for a quack. Least we can do, seeing Billy brought this disaster with him.’

Deftly wrapping his muffler back around his face, Robert jammed his hat down and was ready. Neither of them had stocks to remove, these were already in use as bandages. He gripped the edge of the door and pulled it open sufficiently for them to pass through. He stood for a moment letting his eyes adjust. Far lighter out here, but moonlight could be deceptive, making innocent objects seem dangerous and vice versa.

In a half crouch he led the way round to the side of the house. There were glazed doors that opened on to the terrace; he intended to affect an entry here. ‘Noise coming from the rear, they’re in the kitchen. Makes it easier for us,’ he hissed over his shoulder.

‘Understood.’

He had worked so often with his friend there was little need for verbal communication.

As he’d hoped the doors leading into the drawing-room were only fastened by a catch. Pulling out the blade he kept in his boot top he slipped it into the gap and jiggled it around. The doors opened, he stepped inside and Dudley followed. Together they secured the catch behind them. The wind was getting up, it wouldn’t do to risk the doors banging and alerting the intruders.

There was enough light from outside to show him the layout the room. He ran, soft footed, across to the entrance to the formal dining room. He intended to begin his ambush here. This chamber had a servants’ exit that led directly to the kitchen – ideal for his purpose. They wouldn't be expecting an attack to come from the interior of the house. It was remotely possible they had someone watching the main doors, but not the direction from which he intended to come.

Easing the door open a fraction, he put his ear to it; the sound of raucous laughter was coming from the kitchen, no evidence to suggest any of the men were on guard. This was going to be easier than he had anticipated. His pistols ready, he glanced over his shoulder to check Dudley was behind him.

He crept forwards keeping his back hard against the panelling, remembering to duck the beams that crossed the narrow passage. A thud followed by a muttered curse told him his friend had forgotten to do so. He froze, waiting to see if the small disturbance had alerted his quarry. No, the noise continued unabated

It had been decided to disable rather than kill, if possible. Robert hoped their sudden appearance, faces muffled and armed to the teeth, would be enough to terrify their opponents into submission without having to fire their weapons. However, they’d both agreed any sign of resistance would be dealt with harshly. These men had already murdered his driver and tried to kill the other three. If they weren’t killed in the ambush they would certainly dance at the end of a rope.

He paused outside the kitchen door; he was to enter this way, Dudley from the scullery. He let four minutes pass as planned, counting the seconds in his head, and then slowly lifted the latch leaving the door open a fraction. He continued the count until he reached sixty and then erupted into the room with the major.

‘Hands on the table. Remain where you are or you die.’ His roared command had the desired effect and all six renegades slammed their hands down. They were looking certain death in the face, and knew it.

Keeping his cocked guns levelled at the largest man, and the one beside him, he stepped in behind the first and spun his pistol, then crashed it down on the back of the leader’s head. The second man was dealt with, with equal efficiency. It had taken less than thirty seconds to dispatch these two and now the remaining four knew there was a bullet for each of them.

Dudley removed some twine from his pocket and with both weapons aimed at the two men nearest to him, he gestured to one. ‘On your feet. Now. Hands behind your back. Do it.’ His voice cracked like a whip and the men were too drunk and demoralised to put up any resistance.

With calm authority the six murderers were trussed up, gagged, and the four still on their feet, herded outside to be shoved into an empty loose box. Once inside it took minutes to tie them securely. The two unconscious men were dragged, one at a time, feet first to join their comrades. Robert slammed the bolt across leaving Dudley to fasten it with twine. There was no chance of the men escaping unless somebody undid the door for them.

‘That was well done; reminded me of the Peninsula. We must get back inside and find the ladies.’

‘At least the range is still alight; after handling that rabble I stink like a cesspit.’ Dudley waved his hand in front of Robert. ‘Good God! The stench is overpowering.’

Robert grinned, his teeth a flash of white in the darkness, and slapped him on the back. ‘We make a good team, and we’ve smelt far worse than this. I don’t want to disturb the girl until we know her mother’s safe.’

‘If they had been found Billy would have heard the screaming and mentioned it to us. They must be hiding.’

Robert delayed a few moments in order to light a lantern; their return journey was far easier now they could see. The back door was open, he decided to leave it like that, try and clear the noxious smell the intruders had left behind.

‘I think the best way to go about this search is to stand in the central hall and shout; they should hear us,’ Dudley suggested.

Several shouts from both of them elicited no response. ‘They must be hiding in the attics, where they were when we first arrived. I doubt they can hear anything up there. I’ve no idea how to release the mechanism to the panel in the boot room. I'll have to fetch Miss Bentley after all.’

‘You do that, I’ll do my best to clean up the kitchen. I noticed those bastards have drunk both bottles of brandy and several of home-made wine. We’ll be on short commons tonight.’

‘It’s a damn good job they did, it made our job all the easier.’

He was happy to leave the domestic duties to his friend, for some reason he was eager to hold the girl again.

*

Annabel jolted awake. Where was she? There was the sound of heavy breathing in the darkness. Sleep fogged her brain, she couldn’t understand where she was or who was with her.

‘Miss Bentley, are you awake?’

A rush of relief cleared her head. That was Billy’s voice; she recalled everything including being cradled like a child on Sinclair’s lap. Two late to repine; propriety and etiquette had been abandoned long ago where that gentleman was concerned.

‘Obviously, I am, Billy. How are you? Do you think it’s all over? Did you hear anything whilst I was asleep?’

‘Not a lot, miss, a deal of banging a bit earlier. I reckon those varmints are safely stored in a stable. I saw a light flickering so someone’s lit a lantern.’

‘In which case, I'll do the same for us. There’s a tinderbox in the tack room if I can find it. I’m sure it would seem more cheerful with light in here.’ As she groped towards the door she froze. Someone was coming. It must be either the colonel or Major Dudley, all the murderers were safely imprisoned, weren’t they?





Chapter Nine





The door swung open and Colonel Sinclair stepped in, his lantern held aloft. ‘Excellent. I was coming to fetch you, Miss Bentley. The house is secure but we’re unable to access the secret passage and need your assistance.’

Annabel wanted to throw herself into his arms, but restrained her impulse. ‘Thank you, Colonel, Billy said he heard you disposing of the men. How many are dead?’

‘Good God! What a bloodthirsty young lady you are; none of them. Two have sore heads, but the others are unharmed.’

‘My mother and Mary are perfectly safe in the attics ; I think it would be better if you concentrated your attention on getting poor Tom and Fred somewhere more comfortable.’ She spoke without considering, as used to giving orders and he was. He ground his teeth.

‘Yes, thank you for reminding me. I had of course forgotten all about the injured men’

‘I beg your pardon, sir, if I’ve caused offence. I’m grateful to you and Major Dudley for riding to the rescue so ably. However, in case you had forgotten this is Brandon Hall and here I am in charge.’

Billy spoke from the darkness. ‘Fred’s awake, sir, I reckon between us we could get him inside.’

‘You mustn't exert yourself, Billy. If you can go ahead and fetch Mary and Lady Sophia down, then I'm sure that the colonel and I can bring Fred in.’

The young man appeared beside her. He glanced at Sinclair, who nodded, before replying.

‘Right you are, Miss Bentley. Fred showed me how the catch worked, I reckon I can still recall how to do it.’

‘Here, lad, take the lantern. With the doors wide open we can see well enough in here.’ He turned and stared down at her. ‘Come along, Miss Bentley. I am yours to command.’

An irresistible desire to giggle overwhelmed her and she turned her back hoping to disguise her amusement. His hand on her shoulder made her jump but she didn’t attempt to step away.

‘Miss Bentley, I am not used to being mocked.’

His words were soft, but didn't fool her for a moment. He was too close, his heat burning through her clothes. Her throat was dry and a strange tingling began in the areas that were almost touching him. Her feet were stuck to the floor, the power of speech deserted her.

His fingers began to stroke the place he had held. The gap between them lessened and unable to help herself, she leant against him. Instantly the hand on her shoulder slid down her arm to encircle her waist. Her knees, that had remained firm throughout the day, began to tremble. He spun her around until she was standing, loosely held, within his embrace.

‘Look at me, sweetheart, I want to see your face.’

Slowly she tilted her head, not sure what was happening, but certain she welcomed the experience. His arms tightened and her feet were floating and she was staring into his eyes. Her lips parted and a strange heat surged around her body. Then his mouth covered hers and she was lost, wanted something more from him, but wasn't sure what this was.

*

Robert wanted to crush her against him, explore every inch of her with his tongue and hands. His head was spinning – it had been so long since he’d felt such passion. She was his for the taking, her breasts hard against him, her fingers tangling in his hair. From somewhere he found the strength to put her down and step away. He was as shaken as she.

Her face was bemused, her eyes huge; even dressed as a boy she was the most desirable woman he’d ever met. Was it possible he could love again after all?

‘Miss Bentley, that was unpardonable. I most humbly apologize for behaving in such an ungentlemanly manner. I give my word it won't happen again.’

‘It won’t? Oh well! That was a most enjoyable experience. You have no need to beg my pardon, I was a willing participant.’

His shout of laughter echoed around the empty barn rousing Fred from his slumber. ‘Is that you, Colonel Sinclair? I’ve got a right bad headache, I can tell you, nothing to laugh about.’

‘I’m so glad you’re awake. If the colonel and I help you, do you think you can manage the walk back to the house?’

‘I reckon so, but it ain’t a job for a lady. I’ll wait until the major comes to help.’

‘Miss Bentley, I think you must accept he’s right. Dudley is cleaning up the kitchen, he would be better down here, and you replace him at his task.’

‘I’ll send the major to you; I’m sure there’s an old door somewhere in here you could use to carry poor Tom into the house.’

She hurried out, apparently less affected by their lovemaking than he. He’d never met anyone like her, either male or female. Being in close contact with Annabel Bentley these next few days was going to be interesting. He and Dudley had already decided to stay at Brandon Hall until Lady Sophia’s staff were well enough to work, and judging by the parlous state of Tom, that could be some time. His guilt at his betrothed’s untimely death was somehow less painful today. Had saving Annabel and her mother released him from the blackness?

*

Annabel burst into the kitchen to be greeted by cries of excitement. ‘My darling girl, your heroics have saved our lives. I am so proud of you, you grow more like your father every month.’

‘Mama, I didn’t capture the murderers, you must thank the colonel and the major for that.’ She extricated herself from her mother’s arms and turned to Mary. ‘I’m so sorry about Tom and Fred. I’ve been sent to fetch Major Dudley so that both of them can be brought inside.’

‘Billy told us what them varmints did, miss. Poor old Jethro, it weren’t fair what happened to him. With God’s good grace my Tom will pull through. I’m going to check those devils didn’t get into our rooms. Is someone to go for the doctor?’

Dudley stepped round the three women. ‘As soon as I’ve assisted the colonel with the transfer of your husband and son, Mrs Hopkins, I'll go to fetch him.’

The kitchen smelt appalling, but the windows were open and the stench would soon go. The kettle was hissing on the range, Annabel decided she’d make everyone a hot drink. Tea was a precious commodity, but the box wasn't kept locked, there was no need at Brandon Hall to protect their possessions from misuse.

‘My dear girl, might I suggest you take a jug of hot water upstairs to wash? Apart from mud and horsehair, you are also covered in straw.’

‘It hardly seems worthwhile to change so late in the day as we’ll all be retiring soon.’ She frowned, remembering the major’s promise to ride for the doctor. ‘It would be better if neither of us were downstairs when the physician arrives. It might still be possible to keep our presence here a secret. The gentleman can say they had come to visit Great-aunt Beth, only to find her…’

‘Exactly! They can hardly tell him that she’s buried in the orchard. They don't have that information themselves. Perhaps it would be best to explain the whole; they are already so embroiled in our business it would make little difference to tell them everything.’

‘So, are we to retire to our chambers or not?’

Her mother waved her arms and shrugged. ‘I shall leave the decision to you, my love. You are so much better at that sort of thing than I am. Now, I am going into the scullery to see if there is anything left to eat, I am decidedly hungry and I have not been galloping all over the countryside. I imagine you must all be faint from lack of food.’

Should they risk explaining their situation to the colonel and his friend? There was a sudden pulse of heat at the thought of how much he already knew about her. She had allowed him to take liberties with her person. If her mother ever found out he would be obliged to make her an offer. He wasn't the kind of man she wished to marry for he was too dictatorial, too used to having his own way. However, the thought of being loved by him made her glow in a most inappropriate manner.

He was an attractive man, aroused feelings in her that were quite improper, but surely this was no basis for marriage? She paused – shocked by her imaginings. Robert wasn’t just a handsome man, he was kind intelligent and courageous. She clutched the door frame. How had this happened? She’d spent barely an hour in his company but had the strangest suspicion her affections were engaged.

The sound of booted feet alerted her to the arrival of the first of the patients. The next half an hour was so busy there was no time to think about anything apart from making the two patients comfortable. Tom was deeply unconscious, his breathing barely discernible, but Fred was quite lucid and able to walk with just an arm around his shoulders.

‘There’s supper in the kitchen, and I have a tray prepared for Fred. I have made soup, and there was a fresh loaf and cheese untouched.’ Lady Sophia sighed. ‘I’m afraid, Major Dudley, your beautiful ham has been entirely demolished by the vagabonds.’

‘I shall purchase another for you, my lady, when I ride the doctor tomorrow morning.’ He turned to speak to Mary who was fussing over the tray for her son. ‘Are you quite sure, Mrs Hopkins, that you don't wish me to go tonight?’

‘No, sir. I doubt there’s little anyone can do, he’s warm and comfortable. It’s up to the good Lord to decide whether he lives or dies.’

Annabel’s eyes filled. Mary was so brave to accept what had happened without complaint. If her mama had been struck down like Tom, she would have been distraught. And Robert? What if he’d been gravely injured? A wave of horror shook her; if anything happened to him she would be inconsolable.

‘I can help you with the nursing, Mary, if you wish.’

‘Heavens! Thank you, miss, but I can manage; it’s not for the likes of you to look after my Tom or Fred. If you can help her ladyship with the cooking, that would be much appreciated.’

The domestic duties could be accomplished but the livestock and outdoor tasks would be a problem. There wasn’t enough money to hire any temporary staff, and it might be many weeks before Tom, or indeed Fred, were fit for duty. This realization made her next decision easy. The gentlemen must be told everything. There might be some sort of reward available all the capture of the renegades. She trusted Robert’s judgement; he was bound to know about that sort of thing. Her cheeks flushed. Had he now become Robert in her thoughts?

‘Come along, my love, you will feel better when you have eaten. Then a good night’s sleep is required to complete your recovery.’

The major offered to help serve the impromptu supper waving Annabel away when she volunteered to take his place. ‘No, my dear girl, you look exhausted. Sit down before you fall, and let me assist your mama.’

She slumped into a chair propping her head upon her hands, almost too tired to eat. A bowl of vegetable soap was placed in front of her and when she inhaled the aromatic steam her stomach rumbled loudly. Her hand refused to move and gentle fingers curled it round her spoon and guided the soup to her mouth. Like a child she swallowed the broth and immediately her hunger took over what he had started.

The soup slurped from spoon to mouth and was gone. She scraped around the empty dish. ‘I’m still hungry, but that was the best soup I’ve ever eaten, Mama.’

‘I could hear that you were enjoying it, my dear. Have some bread and cheese and one of the apples you picked yesterday.’

Annabel straightened and glanced around the table. What a strange mix of people was sitting there: a member of the aristocracy, a colonel and a major, a groom and the daughter of a captain. How revolutionary! Only then did she comprehend how extraordinary Brandon Hall had become. Mary, Tom and Fred were not just servants, but friends and the only family she had ever known apart from her mother.

Her eyes drifted towards the man who had awakened something inside her. He was unaware of her scrutiny, munching his way through bread and cheese like his life depended on it. Then, to her horror, he looked at her, his mouth twitched into a lopsided smile that sent her heart cart-wheeling. Her eyes immediately returned to her food.

No longer hungry, she replaced her cutlery, drank the last of her tea and addressed her mother. ‘If you don’t mind, Mama, I’m almost asleep on my feet. I’m going to retire before someone is obliged to carry me up stairs.’ Pushing herself upright was almost too much her.

Both gentlemen were on their feet, Billy didn’t move, he had nodded off where he sat.

‘Goodnight, Miss Bentley. We have much to discuss, but it can wait until the morning.’

‘We do, Colonel. Goodnight everyone.’ She stopped, there was something everyone had overlooked. ‘I’m not sure if the two rooms you used last time have been prepared…’

‘I shall take care of that, my love, I know where the linen is kept. I shall come up with you, and bring the hot water, I don’t think you are in a fit state to carry it yourself.’

Too late to prevent the inevitable from happening, Annabel stood by helplessly as the colonel relieved her mother of her burden. ‘Allow me, my lady. If you lead the way, I’ll follow. There’s no necessity for you to do any more than find us what we need, Dudley and I are quite able to take care of ourselves.’

At least if he was carrying the hot water he couldn’t snatch her up. Halfway up the stairs she almost wished she was being carried, her legs were heavy and her feet seemed determined to go in a different direction to the one she required. She leant against the balustrade; she had ridden twenty miles, surely a few stairs wouldn’t defeat her now.

From a distance she heard the murmur of voices and then well remembered arms swung her up and she settled her head against him with a sigh of contentment. Too soon her mother was directing him to place her down and was gone from her bed chamber.

‘Sit up, darling, and I shall undress you like I used to when you were small.’

Obediently she raised and lowered her arms and feet when instructed and submitted uncomplaining when she was thoroughly washed.

‘There you are, child, that is the best I can do tonight. You must have a bath in the morning.’

‘I’ve decided, we must tell them everything. We cannot manage here on our own without help.’

‘Don’t fret about it now, get some sleep, tomorrow is soon enough to explain why we must remain invisible here.’

Annabel was asleep before her mother had left the room and didn't stir until the sound of horses approaching roused her from her slumbers.





Chapter Ten





Instantly alert, Annabel tumbled out of bed and ran across to her window. The shutters had not been closed and early morning sunlight streamed into her chamber. She pressed herself against the edge of the window and looked down. Oh no! The militia; too late she recalled the colonel telling her he would send for them. They were already halfway down the drive, she didn't have long to save her mother and herself from disaster

Why hadn’t she explained their circumstances to him? Frantically she grabbed the first gown in her closet, the requisite undergarments, and began to dress. Ten minutes later her hair more or less coiled around her head, she was ready to descend. She must speak to the colonel before he met with the militia.

Dawn had scarcely broken, she prayed he was still in his room and not already downstairs. She banged on his door and was relieved to hear his voice bid her enter. She remained in the door way hoping this would be enough to save her from her mother’s wrath. Young ladies never entered a gentleman’s bed chamber under any circumstances.

‘Colonel Sinclair, I have to speak to you most urgently, the militia are here and before you go down to see them there’s something you must know. I'll wait for you in the gallery, please don’t be long.’ She had barely marshalled her thoughts when he was beside her.

‘What is it that I must know?’

‘Do you remember how shocked I was when you mentioned Sir Randolph Rushton?’ He nodded. ‘He is my stepfather. Nearly four years ago Mama and I fled from his house and have been hiding here ever since. He’s a dreadful man, I cannot speak of the things he did, but we shall both be in jeopardy if he ever discovers where we're living.’

‘I had already guessed most of this; Rushton isn't received by decent families. His reputation is well known.’ His brow creased and his eyes half closed. ‘I’ll tell them half the truth, that Dudley and I came here by chance, and when we heard of the attack felt obligated to come to the rescue.’

‘There’s more I have to tell you. We came here to live with Great-aunt Beth, a relative on Mama’s side of the family, but she was already bedridden when we arrived. When she died a few months later, at her insistence she was buried in the orchard. Her will has never been read, and it’s on her annuity that we are living.’ Annabel stared at him willing him to understand. ‘If we had announced her death, involved the lawyers and the clergy, the fact that Mama was her beneficiary would become common knowledge.’

‘I understand perfectly. However, it does complicate matters slightly. Don’t look so worried, sweetheart, I'll take care of things.’ He raised a hand but let it fall again without touching her. ‘I promise you, that bastard will never get his hands on either of you whilst I have breath in my body.’

She shivered involuntarily. Although his anger wasn't directed at her, his expression frightened her. ‘Please, go down and talk to the militia before they wake the household. If Mary answers the door she won't have the same story as you.’

There was nothing more she could do, she must rely on him now. She returned to her apartment to wait until the military had gone, certain he would smooth things over. Her lips curved. Having someone to turn to for help was a blessing and a most welcome state of affairs.

*

Robert scowled – he'd suspected as much. Lady Sophia had been abused by Rushton. Although society might blame her for abandoning her marriage, he did not. No female should be obliged to suffer at the hands of a man. As Lady Sophia had no family to support her, there had been no choice. She must have considered her daughter to be at risk and that was why she had left when she did.

He was committed to keeping them both safe and if this meant he was obliged to marry Annabel, then so be it. He had given his word as a gentleman to protect her. Maria would understand the necessity to break his vow of celibacy. It didn't occur to him to offer a marriage in name only.

God in his heaven! Dudley was out there before him and had already gone to speak to the militia captain. He took the last flight of stairs in one jump and crossed the hall at a run. The red coated soldiers had dismounted and their officer was deep in conversation with his friend.

‘Major Dudley, a word if you please.’ His barked command sent the horses skittering and in the confusion he was able to grab the major’s arm and move him to one side. ‘Dudley, have you mentioned Lady Sophia and Miss Bentley?’

‘Of course I have, why wouldn’t I? Captain Jenkins asked who was the owner of Brandon Hall and I saw no reason not to tell him.’

‘This is an unmitigated disaster. Miss Bentley has just confirmed what we suspected – Lady Sophia is the runaway wife of that bastard Rushton we were talking about with your sister. They have been hiding here for years, and now it's inevitable their whereabouts will become common knowledge.’

‘My God! How could I have forgotten? This is all my doing. I cannot retract the information, and the whole troop overheard what I said.’

‘What else did you tell them?’

‘Nothing of importance, just the facts of the case. I’ve only been out here a few minutes.’

Robert could think of only one thing that might prevent Sir Randolph arriving at Brandon Hall demanding his wife and daughter return with him. He strode to the captain. ‘I am Colonel Sinclair.’

Instantly the man jumped to attention and his troop followed suit, the sound of clicking heels sent a flock of pigeons whirling into the air in protest. ‘Captain Jenkins at your service, sir. A bad business, but it would have been far worse but for you and Major Dudley.’

‘Exactly so. I am recently betrothed to Miss Bentley, I am frequently here.’ He heard his friend cough behind him at this unexpected news. ‘Major Dudley and I were visiting Brandon Manor when a stable lad came to fetch us. The six renegades are trussed and locked in a stable. I’ll leave you to dispose of them.’

‘We have been searching for these men for weeks, Colonel, I’ll be more than happy to remove them.’

‘Major Dudley, show Captain Jenkins where they are. I must return to reassure the ladies.’

Ramrod stiff he marched into the house wondering exactly how he was going to explain to Lady Sophia that he was now engaged to be married to her spirited daughter. They had been acquainted barely a week, not long, but quite long enough to know she wouldn't take kindly to the news.

Perhaps the best way to approach this delicate matter was to emphasize the fact that he was preferable to Sir Randolph. Yes, that should win the first skirmish, but he doubted it would win the battle. There were plans to make and he needed somewhere quiet to do this. The library would be ideal.

The room was obviously well used, a fire laid ready to light. He preferred to think on his feet and began to pace the length of the room. How long would it be before someone sent Rushton the news that his wife was hiding in Suffolk? Until today neither Dudley nor himself had known for certain she was Lady Sophia Rushton which meant she might not be identified directly.

Two weeks – with luck the news wouldn't reach London any quicker. Was that enough time to send for reinforcements from his estate in Hertfordshire? He employed several veterans and they would be ideal to deter Rushton from attempting to snatch his wife or daughter. He must also discover the nearest bishop and obtain a marriage licence, Annabel must be his wife before her stepfather arrived.

He paused. There was something missing from this, but what was it? God’s teeth! His machinations would only protect Annabel, Rushton could still legally demand the return of his wife. There was only one man who could protect Lady Sophia and that was her father. He must be an earl at least, or she would not have a title. Surely he could be persuaded to intervene?

Decisions made, Robert headed for the rear of the house. In all the excitement he had neglected to enquire how the patients were doing. Dudley would have to ride for a doctor soon as the militia had been dealt with.

*

Annabel watched proceedings from her window. Robert spoke only briefly to the militia officer before returning to the house. She prayed he'd been in time, if he hadn’t they would have to move, find somewhere else to hide. Her mother rarely appeared before late morning, but this was one occasion she must be roused immediately.

Perhaps a jug of hot chocolate would make the shock of seeing an early-morning less painful. Mary was busy in the kitchen making bread and looked remarkably cheerful. ‘How’s Tom? From your expression I’m assuming he has improved overnight.’

‘Yes, he woke up a while ago, he’s not making much sense, but his colour’s better. I reckon as he’ll pull through.’

‘I’m so glad. I must tell you the militia are here, I doubt they’ll come in and speak to you, but if they do, remember not to mention either myself or Mama.’

‘I know better than that, miss, the colonel’s already inside. He’s somewhere downstairs.’

‘I shall speak to him later on. I have come to make Mama a breakfast tray – is there any chocolate left?’

‘Lawks a mussy! The varmints didn’t find that, thank the good Lord. Shall I do it for you?’

‘No, you get on with your tasks. It will be a relief to have the prisoners removed from here.’

With a tray holding a jug of chocolate, freshly baked rock cakes and two plates and cups, Annabel headed for her mother’s chamber. She was obliged to balance her burden on one arm in order to open the door but she managed it without spilling anything.

‘Mama, I’ve brought us breakfast. I must talk to you immediately.’

The room was dark, the shutters closed, she had to pick her way through the clutter on the floor to find a clear surface to put the tray down. By the time this was accomplished the mound under the comforter was stirring.

‘Good gracious, Annabel, what dire emergency has brought you here so early?’ This first remark was followed by a second, more urgent. ‘Oh dear! Is it Tom? Has he died? How dreadful, I shall come at once.’

‘No, Mama, Tom’s much better this morning. It’s something else entirely.’ She threw open the shutters flooding the room with autumn sunlight. ‘There, now I can see enough to avoid tripping over.’

The chocolate was still piping hot, the rock cakes warm from the oven and the rich smell filled the room. ‘Heavenly! Bring mine over, darling girl, I find myself almost pleased at being woken at this ungodly hour.’

Annabel waited until they had both eaten before explaining why she’d come.

‘We must hope the colonel was able to smooth things over. If our names are mentioned in the report it is certain Rushton will hear of it. God knows what we should do then. We have nowhere else to go, and no money to live on if we do.’

‘What about Great-aunt Beth’s will? If we’re discovered then we can have this read …’ Her voice faltered. ‘Of course, until we have a death certificate we cannot do that either.’

‘I must get up at once, we have to speak to Major Dudley. He will give us good advice, I’m sure of that.’

Major Dudley? Why had her mother not said Colonel Sinclair? He was the senior party, surely he was the one they must refer to? Her lips twitched. In fact the colonel was several years younger than his friend, but out ranked him and behaved as if he was in charge of events.

‘I’ll leave you to get ready. The colonel knows all about the orchard. I must change into my work clothes and go and see to the livestock. We cannot expect our guests to do all the outside work for us.’

‘You must stay as you are, Annabel. Put on an apron and cap, I am not happy to have you parading around in men’s clothes today.’

She left her mother to get dressed and hurried back to the kitchen with the tray. Mary was in the scullery and she took it directly to her. ‘I’m going out to milk the cow and feed the fowl, with an apron and cap on, even if I’m seen by the militia they will just think me a serving girl.’

‘I reckon they’ll be gone soon. There’s been a deal of shouting and carrying on alarming out there these past twenty minutes. I could do with some more eggs, if there are any, miss.’

Annabel found the things she required on the shelf in the boot room and quickly put them on. She walked briskly towards the meadow where the house cow was lowing miserably. Poor thing; she was usually milked at dawn. She collected a halter and ran to the field. ‘Never mind, Buttercup, did you think we'd forgotten you? Come along, I'll take you to the dairy and make you comfortable.’

This cow had been at Brandon Hall several years and produced a fine calf every other year. They had two heifers in the field, both in calf, but they wouldn't give birth till the spring and didn’t need milking.

In the dairy Annabel tethered Buttercup to an iron ring, pulled up the stool, placed the milking pail correctly and began the chore. It took two hours to finish and collect the eggs. There was no sign of anyone outside so she checked the stables. The horses had been fed and watered, their loose boxes already mucked out.

She deposited the basket of eggs and jug of cream in the kitchen and went back to her room via the back stairs, not wishing to meet the colonel with her feet liberally coated with cow dung. The water in her jug was cold but perfectly adequate. For some reason this morning she wanted to look her best. She had thrown her clothes on anyhow when she’d risen in such a hurry, but now she was at leisure to select something a little more flattering than the ancient gown she was wearing.

There weren't many items to choose from, sartorial elegance was not high on her list of priorities. What little money there was went in keeping the house warm and the occupants well fed. The only reason her mother had more flattering items to wear was because they had discovered several bales of material hidden in the attics.

Mama was an expert seamstress and made up her own clothes but her enthusiasm for sewing rarely included garments for Annabel. As she was no expert with the needle herself, the best she could do was lengthen and adapt what she already owned.

Her fingers lingered on the one gown that was new. This had been her last name day gift, a deep blue muslin with a small white flower woven into the material. There had been no occasion to wear it until now. Mama had sent Fred to sell two of her pretty watercolours in Ipswich in order to pay for the cloth. Yes! Today was the right time. Being dressed in her finest would help her deal with whatever calamities might have arisen.

There was no time to wait for a bath to be drawn. She stripped off to stand naked on a linen square whilst she scrubbed herself from top to toe. Satisfied she was clean and no longer reeked of the farmyard, she stepped into her chemise and petticoats. Like all her gowns this one buttoned at the front and didn't require the services of a maid to fasten it.

The dress had a fitted bodice, a moderately low neckline, and fell from directly under her bosom in the style of that her mother had seen in a copy of La Belle Assemblée. This magazine had been purchased for her by Fred to give on her mother’s anniversary. Although somewhat out of date Annabel felt in the first stare of fashion as she gazed wide-eyed in the mirror.

The gown suited her slenderness to perfection. The colour matched her eyes, and the darker blue silk of the sash which tied to one side, added the finishing touch. She even had blue slippers. They were not a match, but anything was preferable to her boots.

She twirled, loving the way the material flowed around her body, knowing she was decidedly improper not to be wearing a corset. She didn’t own one of these instruments of torture, so there was little she could do about it. Mama had once shown her the contraption; she couldn’t imagine why any woman should wish to be laced up so tight they couldn’t breathe. No wonder debutantes had a tendency to swoon in a press of people.

Certain she looked her best, she ran back along the passage, stopping at the gallery to peep over. There were voices downstairs coming from the drawing-room. Mama and both gentlemen with there and the talk was somewhat animated. Mama’s voice was particularly agitated.

She gathered up her skirts, and with one hand lightly resting on the balustrade, hurried down. Her mother didn’t sound worried or upset, more angry – what could have happened to make her cross?





Chapter Eleven





In the drawing-room Major Dudley was looking distinctly uncomfortable, Colonel Sinclair furious and her mother white with rage. Annabel's stomach roiled and she wished she hadn’t eaten so many cakes at breakfast. The conversation stopped and all three stared at her.

‘Mama, whatever’s wrong? I could hear the raised voices from upstairs.’

‘Annabel, my dear girl, I have some appalling news for you.’ Her mother shook her head. She turned. ‘In fact, I have two equally appalling pieces of news to give you. You had better be seated, my love, whilst I tell you.’

Annabel had no intention of being the only one obliged to look up, so remained where she was. ‘I’m waiting, Mama. Please tell me at once what has disturbed you.’

Her mother flicked the colonel with a look of icy disdain. It must be something to do with what had happened between them. How could her mother and know about the stolen kiss? Whatever he wasn’t, Sinclair was a gentleman and would never have revealed what had transpired.

‘It would seem, my love, that Major Dudley, quite inadvertently I might add, revealed our names to the militia captain.’

Annabel’s hands flew to her mouth. ‘Good grief! We’ll have to flee again. How long do we have, do you think, before he arrives on our doorstep demanding we return with him?’

Her mother waved her silent. ‘There is more to come. Colonel Sinclair has decided he must marry you in order to keep you safe. I can hardly believe he has had the temerity to suggest such an outrageous thing.’

He looked as though he was about to explode with anger. His jaw was clenched, his eyes black with rage. ‘Mama, I think this is a matter the colonel and I should discuss together. Is it not bad manners to mention such private things in public?’

Her mother reacted as if she’d been slapped. She deflated, her anger gone, and looked from one to another in bewilderment. ‘Oh dear! You are quite right to reprimand me. How could I have been so gauche? I shall go to my room, I beg your pardon Major Dudley, I should never have spoken so forcefully in front of you.’

Annabel noticed her mother didn't apologize to the colonel or retract what she'd said. She wanted to follow, offer comfort and reassurance, but the major went instead. The door closed behind them, and there was the soft murmur of voices outside the door.

She needed to sit down. What had possessed the colonel to say they were to be married? She tottered the nearest chair and collapsed, grateful her legs had been able to carry her that far. She didn’t dare look to see what he was doing. His fury would no doubt be directed at her now her mother had fled the scene

The sound of a chair being moved gave away his direction, and then he was sitting beside her, no more than a hand’s breadth away.

‘My dear girl, that was a horrible experience for you. I can promise you I had spoken to your mother privately, but Major Dudley came in when he heard the raised voices.’

‘It doesn’t matter what you said, Colonel Sinclair. My mother was extremely rude, she doesn't appreciate the sacrifice you’re prepared to make on our behalf.’ She gripped the arms of the chair and pushed herself upright, his face was barely an inch from hers. Too close. Her pulse accelerated. She glowed all over. He observed her reaction and instantly moved his chair back a yard allowing her room to breathe.

‘Miss Bentley, I’ve thought about this very carefully. As soon as I realized your location had been revealed to Captain Jenkins, I understood what I had to do. I gave you my word I would protect you, that I wouldn’t allow you to be snatched back by that bastard.’ He looked at her directly, his expression strange, his eyes no longer black but dark-blue. They mesmerized her. ‘I told Captain Jenkins we were visiting here because you’re my future bride. I had no alternative, please understand that. We must be married before your stepfather arrives or he will be able to take you legally and only force will stop him.’

She swallowed as her breakfast threatened to return. ‘You mean you would have to kill him?’

‘I do. Believe me, I wouldn't hesitate to do so. But that would not help me, or Lady Sophia or yourself.’

‘I don't wish anyone else to be killed. Your driver has already met his end and that must be enough. I do understand what you're saying; I cannot believe you would offer to give up your freedom for me. Good heavens, sir, we’ve only known each other five minutes. How can you be sure we should suit?’

‘My dear, many marriages begin in this way. I’m certain we shall eventually be comfortable together. By the time the babies come …’As soon as he had spoken he regretted it. He had committed a grave error of judgment. She was staring at him in horror. He had made a complete mull of things. He kept forgetting she was a total innocent, had as much knowledge of what went on between a man and woman as a babe in arms.

‘I beg your pardon, Miss Bentley. I shouldn't have mentioned something so indelicate.’ Devil take it! He’d done it again. Every time he opened his mouth he put his foot in it. With great dignity she rose to her feet staring at him with such hauteur it made him feel like a schoolboy caught in a misdemeanour by the headmaster.

‘Colonel Sinclair, I thank you most sincerely for your kind offer, but I must refuse. My mother and I have managed thus far, I’m sure we will continue to do so without requiring you to take such a drastic step.’

He didn’t blame her. Why should such a lovely young woman wish to marry a foulmouthed soldier?

‘I think you’ll find, my dear, you have no alternative. Without my support you’ll be dragged back to London and be at the mercy of your stepfather. I’m sure you know he treated your mother brutally. He’ll do the same to you if given the opportunity.’

‘Sir, I should prefer to take my chances in that respect, rather than spend a life without love.’ She raked him from head to toe and found him wanting. Then, with a toss of her head, she marched across the room.

The door was too far away, Annabel prayed she would reach it without tripping over her hem, or collapsing in an ignominious heap on the carpet. She was one step from safety when two arms slammed past her, trapping her between the door and his chest. Her head spun from his closeness, his particular aroma, of lemon soap and leather, flooded her nostrils.

‘We haven't finished our conversation, Miss Bentley.’

‘Let me go at once, I wish to return to my chamber.’

The restraining arms vanished, she sighed with relief, but as she was about to take the final step he transferred his hands to her. She was turned to face him. He lifted her from the ground until her eyes were level with his. Her heart was pounding, a strange heat flooding through her body, what was happening to her? Was she unwell?

He drew her closer until her breasts were pressed hard against his shirt front. He removed one arm and encircled her waist, then with the other clasped her head and tilted it. She opened her mouth to protest, to demand that she was released at once, but her words were swallowed. His mouth covered hers in a kiss of such intoxicating sweetness she forgot everything else.

She was swept away on a sea of pleasure to a place she hadn't known existed. Of their own volition her hands wound around his neck, to bury themselves in his hair. His lips were firm, she tasted the very essence of him, then something hot and moist slid across her mouth pushing her teeth apart. If she had still been on her feet this invasion would have been too much for her.

She didn’t know what was happening, what he was doing. She was sure this was something her mother wouldn’t approve of. Then she was dropped on her feet and he was the other side of the room, staring across the park, breathing heavily, his back turned against her.

Without the door to lean on she would have been unable to stand. Her limbs were heavy, a strange languor settled in a most unusual place. Why had he abandoned her? Had she done something to offend him? She was sure young ladies were not supposed to be kissed in that fashion, that this was something that should only happen between married couples. No sooner had the word popped into her head than she understood why he’d done it.

She understood why he’d talked of children. He didn't love her, nor truly want a wife, but he desired her. That was surely better than indifference?

‘Colonel Sinclair, have I upset you in some way? Should I not have kissed you back?’

He answered, but his voice seemed strange, as it he was in pain. ‘I’ll be all right in a moment. Sit down, sweetheart. There are many things we need to talk about.’

She subsided into the same chair she had occupied a few moments earlier. It was a fait accompli. She had no option now, she had to marry him. She had allowed him access to her person in a way that couldn't be acceptable unless they were betrothed. She blinked furiously to keep the tears at bay. This was not how it was meant to be, it had never been her intention to marry, she knew what that led to. She wished to stay with Mama, live her life without interference from any man.

All this had changed in the space of a week. He had blundered into her life and now she was engaged to be married to a virtual stranger. How could she bear it? There was movement on the far side of the room and she hastily dried her eyes on her skirt, rearranging it to cover the damp patch. She must be strong, without this marriage Mama would be taken back and subjected to the most awful treatment. She must save them both.

‘Annabel – no, don’t look like that. It’s quite permissible for me to use your given name now that we’re engaged to be married. You must call me Robert.’

‘I’m not sure if I can; this is a marriage of convenience, is it not? Perhaps when I know you better I'll feel more comfortable. Until then, I'll address you as before.’ This refusal didn't please him. Well, if he was to be her husband the sooner he realized she wasn't going to be browbeaten into submission the better.

‘You must suit yourself, but I’m not to be deterred. There are things that must be done and this is the first of them.’

To her utter astonishment he dropped to one knee and with a commendably straight face clutched both hands to his heart in what she believed to be a parody of a lovesick suitor. ‘My dearest Annabel, would you do me the inestimable honour of becoming my wife? Please make me the happiest of men by accepting my proposal.’

‘Sinclair, kindly get up, you’re making a cake of yourself. I’m not in the mood for levity.’ For a dreadful moment she thought she had mortally offended him, that his proposal had been in earnest. Then he raised his head and his eyes blazed into hers.

‘I’m not famous for my humour, my love. However, if you don't wish to be asked in this ridiculous manner, I’ll desist.’ He straightened, smiling down at her and she responded.

‘As you’ve asked me so prettily, sir, I shall accept.’ She sobered. ‘I think it's a decision we might both live to regret. We have nothing in common and in the short space of time that we have been acquainted we’ve spent most of it in argument.’ Her cheeks blazed as she recalled what else they had spent their time doing.

‘Exactly.’ He picked up a similar upholstered chair and, one-handed, positioned it opposite hers. ‘Sweetheart, do you have any inkling of what shall be expected of you after we’re wed?’ She shook her head, embarrassed by his question. ‘I thought not. Your mother has been remiss in not explaining matters to you; might I respectfully suggest you ask her to remedy this omission immediately?’

How dare he criticise her mother? Her anger gave her the courage to look at him. ‘This is not an acceptable topic of conversation, I’ll not reply to your impertinent question.’

‘In which case I’ll move on. I intend to send to Hertfordshire and have my staff transfer here. This house cannot be run as it is.’

‘Surely it would be far simpler if Mama and I removed there?’ This was the answer. Even if Sir Randolph discovered their whereabouts by the time he arrived they could be elsewhere.

‘My wits are wandering. That’s the perfect solution, I’ll not have to apply for a special licence and, once under my roof, I defy any man to remove you.’

‘The only drawback to this plan is the fact that we cannot leave Mary on her own here, neither can we depart until your coachman has been buried.’ She hesitated before continuing. ‘Also, could I respectfully request that you desist from sprinkling blasphemies throughout your conversation?’

He flushed. ‘I beg your pardon, my dear, as you have no doubt worked out for yourself I’m a rough military man, little used to drawing-rooms and the company of ladies.’

Her laughter filled the room. ‘That’s doing it too brown, sir. You’re more familiar with society than I am. I might have been cloistered in the country these past four years, but do know Wellington’s officers were expected to attend the highest social functions.’

He grinned; it made him look younger, more approachable. ‘Touché, my love. But back to serious matters, I’ve already got the burial in hand. Dudley is going to call on the vicar whilst fetching the doctor.’

His hands clenched and he swore volubly under his breath. She waited until he had stopped not daring to remonstrate this time. ‘Colonel, what is it? Why are you so angry?’

‘My carriage is still in pieces. Fred hadn't completed the repairs, and with him laid low they won't be done anytime soon. And even if it was done, two of my carriage horses are still at Brandon Manor.’ He looked bleak and her throat clenched in fear. He didn't have to explain it to her – without the carriage they were trapped and at the mercy of her stepfather.

‘Don’t look so worried, little one. We shall come about, never fear. Let me think for a moment. Yes, I have it. We have a sen’night’s grace, ample time for me to ride to Norwich and obtain a licence. We’ll be married in the local church as soon as I return.’

‘So soon? Is there no other way? Maybe you could ask Major Dudley if we could borrow his sister’s carriage, Brandon Manor is not so far away as Norwich. If he set off as soon as he returns from the village he could be there this afternoon and return tomorrow morning.’

‘And what if the carriage isn’t available? I will have wasted two days.’ He stood up. ‘My mind is made up; I'll speak to Lady Sophia and tell her what’s going to happen.’

He strode off without another word and Annabel was unsure what had been decided. Whatever this was, there was work to be done and she couldn’t sit around any longer in her best gown as if she was a lady of leisure. In the privacy of her chamber she came to her own decision. As soon as the colonel left for Norwich she and her mother would leave for Hertfordshire. Major Dudley could accompany them, this would leave just the pony and livestock to feed, and Mary could manage that.

Buoyed up by the ingenuity of her plan she hurried down to the small parlour to find her mother and give her the good news.





Chapter Twelve





‘What the devil do you want? I thought I told you not to interrupt me?’

The footman shifted uneasily and held out a silver salver upon which there was a single letter. ‘This arrived for you, sir, by express just now. I thought you needed to see it right away.’

Sir Randolph threw down his pen in disgust. ‘Very well, bring it over, don’t stand there like an imbecile waving the tray where I can’t reach it.’

Reluctantly the young man shuffled closer.

‘Now, get out.’ Impatiently he tore it open, his hand trembled, the colour in his face came and went. At last! After almost four years he’d found them. He’d never stopped looking, knew that one day they would make a mistake and reveal where they were living.

He spread the sheet of paper out on the desk and read it again more slowly.



Dear Sir Randolph,

I am writing to you with important news. I heard today that there was an attack at Brandon Hall, Suffolk and a Lady Sophia and a Miss Bentley were residing there. This report was given in a local newspaper. I am including the cutting with this note.

I look forward to your instructions on this matter. I remain your obedient servant,

yours respectfully

William Squires.





Brandon Hall? He’d never heard of it - how the devil did Sophia and Annabel come to be living there? Never mind, they could have no notion he was still looking for them, probably believed they were safe from his wrath. He was about to prove them wrong.

He looked again and swore viciously. There was no date on the letter; Squires was another imbecile. Why was he surrounded by incompetents and fools? Good God! He paid them enough. Why couldn’t the people who served him give him what he required? He was tempted to screw the paper up and hurl it into the fire. The cutting; Squires had said there was a notice from the newspaper included with the letter. Surely that would have a date on it? He scrabbled through the debris on the desk but there was no sign of a piece of newsprint. Thoroughly enraged by another example of dereliction of duty, he tore the letter into shreds and scattered it across the floor.

He kicked his chair back enjoying the crash it made as it tumbled to the floor. He began to pace the carpet, but paused to admire his reflection in the over mantel mirror. He raised his hand to push a lock of black hair back from his forehead. He doubted if his wife had aged as well as he. Annabel; now she was different. His eyes gleamed as he remembered the last time he’d seen her, so fresh and innocent, so sweetly rounded in all the important places.

A thrill of anticipation surged through his veins; he had spent so much time and money looking for the two of them in order to get his hands on his stepdaughter. His wife could go to the devil, she had never been a willing partner, even thrashing her had become routine, had not given him any pleasure.

*

‘Dudley?’ Robert’s shout reverberated around the empty stable yard. He checked the loose box, the hunter his friend had ridden the previous day was missing. Dudley had already left on his errands. Dammit! That meant he would have to go in and speak to Lady Sophia, explain his plans to her. He thought she was as easy to talk to as a bag of snakes. He grinned, he must learn to like her, after all she was to be his mother-in-law in four days’ time.

He searched the main reception rooms with no luck, so headed the rear of the house, to the small parlour he and Dudley had used on their previous visit. He tapped politely on the door and waited for a response. He was asked to enter.

‘I beg your pardon for interrupting you, Lady Sophia, I had intended to talk to Dudley, but he has already left. I’m afraid I must talk to you instead.’ Good God! He was at it again, feet first into any conversation.

Carefully she put away her embroidery frame and waved him towards a chair on the opposite side of the room, in front of the crackling fire. ‘Please sit down, to have someone so formidable looming over one is a trifle overpowering.’

He took the chair she indicated and cleared his throat. ‘Lady Sophia, I have spoken to Annabel, and she has done me the honour of accepting my offer of marriage.’ He waited for the explosion.

‘Major Dudley has explained it all to me, Colonel Sinclair. I was not fully cognizant of the sacrifice you’re making on my daughter’s behalf. It is a splendid offer, and I am most grateful. Now I shall be sanguine that Annabel is safe, whatever happens to me in the future.’

‘Excellent. I’m setting off right away for Norwich to find a bishop and get a licence so that we may be married as soon as possible. I had intended to ask Dudley to speak to the vicar on my behalf, but could you do so instead? I’ll be back by Saturday, I want the vicar at the church at five o’clock that afternoon.’

She raised her eyebrows slightly and he realized he was being too abrupt. ‘Beg your pardon, my lady. I’m eager to leave, time is wasting. There is something else that I wish you to do for me.’ He stared at her, not sure how to put this delicately. ‘Annabel is an innocent, she appears totally ignorant of what is required of her once we are wed. Most girls of her age would already know these facts. Can you assure me my betrothed will understand her duties by the time I return?’

She raised her head and smiled sweetly. ‘Thank you so much, Colonel Sinclair, for pointing out that I have been remiss in my duties as a parent. It is so kind of you to take the trouble. I can assure you that this omission will be remedied by Saturday.’ She stood up gracefully, and stared pointedly at the door.

He was dismissed. He ground his teeth, holding back a pithy retort. ‘In which case, madam, I’ll take my leave. I have already said my farewells to Annabel.’

He was halfway to the door when she called him back.

‘Colonel Sinclair, I forgot to mention that Major Dudley is going to find some extra staff to help run Brandon Hall whilst Tom and Fred are indisposed. There ought to be plenty of local men glad to have the work, unemployment is rife in the countryside, as I’m sure you are aware.’

He waited, supposing it a rhetorical question. The lady frowned at his lack of response. Hastily he answered. ‘Yes, indeed I am. An excellent notion, ma’am. I hope he will also employ indoor help for Hopkins.’

She nodded. ‘He also said, and I hope he was not presumptuous in so doing, that as you are now engaged to Annabel, you will be quite happy to take responsibility for the added expense.’

‘Of course I will, Dudley’s quite correct. Do whatever you like, Lady Sophia, I have deep enough pockets and am happy to spend it on either yourself or Annabel. Things are going to be different around here, you won’t have to scrimp and save in future.’

She smiled, this time her eyes sparkled and she looked scarcely older than Annabel. ‘Major Dudley assured me you are a gentleman, sir.’ She hesitated, a faint flush stained her cheeks and then she looked him directly in the eye. ‘As we have agreed, Annabel is still young in some respects for her years, I hope you are not expecting too much from her. She is unused to gentleman of any sort, and you are scarcely well acquainted.’

He ran his finger around his stock which had become unaccountably tight. ‘Exactly! Now the war is over I’m hoping to take Annabel abroad, if that’s what she would like. I’ve no intention of setting up my nursery for a good few years yet.’ She nodded, satisfied with his answer.

‘Thank you, Colonel Sinclair. I knew I could rely on you. Now, Godspeed. Major Dudley will take care of us in your absence.’

Why was Major Dudley being mentioned so often? Good God! Lady Sophia was smitten with his friend. He bowed and left the room thinking about this sad state of affairs. Whilst Sir Randolph lived there was no hope for that relationship. He stopped. He hoped his friend had not decided to dispatch his rival, and thus gain the hand of the fair lady? He chuckled as he headed for the stables, now he was being as fanciful as a girl

*

Annabel watched him canter away; he was obviously taking the cross-country route. It would be far quicker to reach the Norwich road that way, the little lanes around their village meandered and twisted and one could travel miles before you got anywhere at all. Thank goodness he had left, now he could she could tell Mama what they must do.

She gathered up her skirts and raced downstairs to burst into the parlour. Her mother looked up.

‘Good heavens, Annabel. I almost pierced my finger with my needle when you came in like that. Whatever is the matter?’

‘We must leave at once, Mama. I know Colonel Sinclair thinks there’s time for him to ride to Norwich and back, but he doesn’t know Sir Randolph as we do. Word could have reached him even as we speak. It’s barely two days ride from London, less if he travels post. He could arrive on our doorstep tomorrow morning. He will have constables with him, we would have no recourse but to go back to London under his control. That cannot be allowed to happen.’

She saw her mother’s face pale. ‘I had not thought of that. You’re right, my love. The colonel will be away three nights at the least and that is too long to be waiting here. Major Dudley would protect us, but at what cost to himself?’

‘Then you agree? We must ride to Sinclair’s estate in Hertfordshire, I’m sure Major Dudley will know exactly where it is, we must wait there until the colonel joins us. If we’re not at Brandon Hall, then we’ll not be discovered immediately.’

Her mother stood. ‘We cannot leave until Major Dudley returns; he will understand at once when I have explained the circumstances to him. I did realize, my love, that your marriage would only protect yourself, but that would have been enough for me. Just knowing that you are safe from that monster will make me happy. This way, perhaps I can stay out of his clutches as well.’

‘I’ll go and pack, you must speak to Mary and then wait until the major returns and persuade him of the urgency. With luck we can be away soon, and have three hours travelling time before we have to overnight somewhere.’

Leaving her mother alone she raced back upstairs. She went to the studio first, collected pallets, paints, pencils, brushes and paper and rammed them in a leather satchel. Mother couldn’t live without these things. Then she hurried to her bedchamber and laid out her riding habit. The royal blue velvet was like new, her mother had not ridden much since they’d arrived at Brandon Hall.

In her own chamber she snatched a change of clothes and clean underwear and on impulse added the blue dress from its hook in the closet. She rolled it up and pushed it in the bag as well. She also added the matching slippers. She then stripped and pulled on a clean pair of breeches, adding the rest of the men’s attire she wore when working in the fields. Boots completed the outfit - she was certain no one would give her a second look. She imagined that when they were seen her mother and Major Dudley would be taken for a couple and she the groom in attendance.

She slung the leather satchel over her shoulder and took a carpet bag in each hand. She had seen Major Dudley riding across the gravel turning circle. They must depart at once.

Her mother was in the entrance hall. ‘I’ve laid out your riding habit, Mama. I have your painting things here so we’re ready to leave as soon as Major Dudley has collected his belongings.’

‘I have yet to speak to him, my dear. But as we are so pressed for time, I shall leave that task to you. Mary has packed us sufficient food for today and tomorrow. We can collect that as we leave.’

Taking the three bags Annabel headed for the stables hoping to meet the major there. She was in luck as he had barely dismounted when she arrived.

‘Major Dudley, we have to leave at once. I cannot tell you how urgent it is.’ She thought rapidly, he didn’t know Robert had gone, but neither did he know how close Sir Randolph might be to snatching them back. ‘Colonel Sinclair has ridden to get a licence in Norwich, but Mama and I have decided we dare not wait for his return. I shall write a note, telling him that we’re going to his estate in Hertfordshire. He intended for us to go there anyway, but as the carriage is unusable he thought we couldn’t do so. We must ride. We need your support in this, Major, Mama is desperate to get away before that monster comes to claim her.’

Her words were enough to convince him. ‘If Lady Sophia thinks it imperative we leave, then we shall do so. Give me a moment to collect my trappings. I can see you’re dressed as a groom. A wise move, Miss Bentley, as a stable boy no one will give you a second glance. I’ll leave you to tack up the horses and be back with your mother shortly.’

He hurried away, his face etched with concern. She thought for a moment then realized she couldn’t possibly ride Silver, it would look odd if the groom was riding a horse of that calibre. The major must ride her gelding, her mother the hunter, and she would lead one carriage horse and ride the other. She prayed her mother would be able to control the massive beast.

She tacked up Silver first with no difficulty. However, when she tried to persuade the hunter to accept the side-saddle he viewed it with distaste, and bit and fly kicked until she took it off.

‘Botheration! I had better ride you, sir, Mama must take one of the carriage horses. I hope they prove more biddable.’

By the time her mother arrived on the major’s arm, he carrying a second leather satchel bulging with food and drink, all four horses were ready.

‘Will Mary be able to manage until the new staff arrive?’ She turned to the major. ‘I assume new staff are coming soon?’

He nodded. ‘Yes, there are three men to take care of the outside duties, they’ll live in the rooms above the stable, and three women arrive tomorrow morning to help Hopkins in the house.’

‘I have not said a proper farewell to Mary, I couldn’t bear to. She’s like a second mother to me, I pray it won’t be long before we’re all reunited.’

Her mother hurried forward and gathered her into an embrace. ‘Don’t cry, my darling girl. Major Dudley assures me that once matters are settled, and you are Mrs Sinclair, then the colonel will employ all three of them, if that’s how you want to arrange things.’

There was no further conversation - they knew how urgent the matter was. The baggage was already strapped securely to the riderless horse and it took the major a few moments only to secure the extra satchels.

She watched him tenderly toss her mother into the saddle and push her booted foot into the single stirrup iron. Her eyes widened. Good grief! Is that how things were? She should have realized her mother was becoming interested in the major for she talked of little else when they were alone together. The major vaulted into the saddle leaving her to use the mounting block. He was so preoccupied with taking care of her mama, that he appeared to have forgotten she was his responsibility too.

She shrugged. She needed to be treated like a groom otherwise their disguise would be penetrated immediately. When Sir Randolph arrived and found his quarries flown he would immediately send out search parties. He had the law on his side and could rightfully demand they be returned to him. He would be enquiring for two blonde women riding alone but no one would see that party. A husband and wife, with their groom in attendance, should go unremarked. Her horse was broader than Silver, but not as tall. He had a mouth of iron, but although he had rejected the side-saddle, was perfectly amenable now she was astride.

Mary arrived in the stable yard to wave them off. They couldn’t go across country; she prayed they wouldn’t be unfortunate enough to be in the lane at the same time as Rushton. There was only one route leading from Brandon Hall, they couldn’t fail to meet him if he was already in the vicinity.

They had been travelling unremarked for more than an hour when she recalled she’d forgotten to write a letter to Robert explaining why she had left so precipitously. Mary would have to explain it all to him. This situation wasn’t ideal, but he would understand why she had left.





Chapter Thirteen





Sir Randolph glanced at the over mantel clock for the third time - how long was it going to be before the damn lawyers deigned to turn up? A second footman had returned more than an hour ago saying they would be with him directly.

He kicked the fire and his boot sending sparks flying onto the carpet. He ignored them. It had been almost three hours since the note left the house; it would have been quicker for him to have gone round in person. However, he did not lower himself to visit the insalubrious premises of Gibson and Peabody.

He strode to the window and glared out. There was no sign of a hackney carriage approaching his front door apart from the usual midday traffic. A nervous tap drew his attention to the other side of the room. His butler sidled in carrying what looked suspiciously like a jug of water. What the devil was going on?

‘Excuse me, sir, but your carpet appears to be on fire.’

He was then aware of the smell of burning wool. The expensive carpet was smouldering dangerously, in his preoccupation he hadn't noticed. Furious at his foolishness, he turned his back on his minions and left them to deal with the matter. The sound of water being tipped was followed by clouds of choking smoke.

Incensed his morning had been ruined he stamped out through the dining room and took the stairs at a run. He kicked his bedchamber door open, shouting for his valet. ‘My outer garments at once. Send to the stable. Have my carriage brought round.’

His manservant appeared a topcoat in his arms. ‘Allow me, Sir Randolph. I have sent the girl down with the message. By the time you are ready, the carriage will be outside.’

‘It had better be.’

His valet placed the coat around his shoulders and he pushed his arms through the loose sleeves. Then his man dropped to his knees holding a cloth he had extracted from his pocket, he quickly polished the boot that had been in the fire. It took a full fifteen minutes before his manservant was satisfied he was ready to face the world.

Randolph was feeling calmer when he left his room. His nostrils filled with the pungent aroma of burning carpet which had drifted up the central stairwell and immediately his hands clenched. He was not going to remain in the house for a moment longer. His lawyers were due to call, but he wanted to remove himself from his sniggering staff.

He glared at the two footmen who were waiting to open the front door. He didn’t need to ask if his carriage was waiting, he could hear his driver talking to the groom.

‘Where to, Sir Randolph?’

‘Drive round the park for half an hour. Then take me to White’s.’

He jumped into the vehicle and a footman removed the steps, closing the door behind him. He settled back on the squabs, trying to breathe deeply as his physician had told him. His head hurt, the blood pounded around his body. Doctor Fitzwilliam had warned him it would be the death of him if he didn’t learn to curb his temper. He might suffer a fatal apoplexy. That was what the quack had told him, but it was all balderdash. A few deep breaths and a calming ride around the park and he’d be back to normal in no time. He closed his eyes and tried to imagine the waves breaking on a distant shore, golden corn growing in the fields, exactly as that old charlatan told him to. Stuff and nonsense! What he needed was a large brandy to calm his nerves.

When he returned from his club he was more relaxed and determined to organize his departure for Suffolk, with or without his lawyers to accompany him.

*

At last! Robert patted the pocket with the ordinary licence he had obtained at the bishop’s office. It had taken less time than he’d anticipated and he feared his horse wouldn't be sufficiently rested to begin the long ride back to Brandon Hall.

Norwich was bustling and noisy, today was market day, the streets full of trades’ people, diligences and carts piled high with produce. The pavements were thronged with village and townsfolk eager to buy what was on offer.

He checked his pocket watch, if he left it another three hours, it should be safe to attempt his return journey. He would need to take it steadily but ought to be able to complete the ride today. He would fill his time by finding a goldsmith’s and purchasing an engagement ring. His mouth curved, no, he had better buy a wedding band as well.

Two hours later, his purchases alongside the licence, he returned to the inn where he had stayed the night. His mount was a strong beast and was ready to ride the thirty miles back to Brandon. He had already paid his shot, his bag was being watched over by an ostler, he only had to saddle up and could be away.

He clattered out of the cobbled yard determined to finish his journey even if it meant rousing the household in order to get inside. The weather was set fair, the sun surprisingly warm for the start of October.

This time he knew his route, didn't have to stop and ask directions as he had done the previous day. He smiled as he cantered along the grass verge. He’d accomplished his goal and would only have been away one night. With luck the new staff should be settled in, the house running more smoothly, the larder replenished and the wine cellar full. In two days’ time he would be a married man. When he had left London he had been expecting an uneventful visit to the country, how wrong he had been. For the first time in years he was happy. He had a beautiful betrothed and a reason to hope his future would not be as bleak as the past.

Keeping his word to Lady Sophia was going to be most difficult part of the enterprise. He desired Annabel, wanted to make love to her. After living like a monk these past few years he was going to find it dammed hard keeping out of her bed.

His fingers tightened involuntarily jerking the reins and his horse stumbled almost unseating him. He cursed volubly at his stupidity. He must concentrate on the matter in hand. Brandon Hall was his goal, and making sure Annabel and Lady Sophia were safe. He had a bad feeling about Sir Randolph, feared he might have arrived in his absence. Major Dudley was as ruthless as he when it came to a fight, but if the legal crows were there and possibly constables as well, he would have no option but to let them go.

The resisted the urge to kick on, knowing his horse would be blown long before he reached his destination if he did so. He trotted into the stable yard around nine o’clock. The night was black, but there were two lanterns hanging from the wall. He dismounted, tossing his bag to one side and shouting for a groom.

There was the sound of feet coming from the tack room and a man, about his own age, appeared. ‘Good evening, your honour, I’m Jim, you must be the colonel.’

‘I am, Jim. I have walked my horse the last two miles, so he’s cool. Give him extra rations, he’s worked hard today.’

‘Yes, sir. I can tell you that I’m right glad to have you back, with only the pony to take care of, I’ve been twiddling my thumbs these past days.’

God’s teeth! No wonder the yard was quiet all the boxes were empty. ‘Where are the horses? Have they been turned out?’

‘No, sir, Lady Sophia, Major Dudley and Miss Bentley left here yesterday. Mrs Hopkins says they left before we arrived.’

Robert was stunned. His brain refused to function. He had anticipated the ladies being snatched back, but not that they would run from him. He turned away, covering his shock by retrieving his bag from the ground. ‘Make sure the horse’s well rested, I’ll be leaving, myself, tomorrow.’

He walked back to the house not sure what to make of the news. He should be relieved he no longer had to marry and break his vow to Maria. Instead he felt betrayed, as if his lover had abandoned him, not a girl he scarcely knew.

*

Annabel was finding it far harder than she’d anticipated to ride and lead a horse at the same time. This was something she hadn't done before; they had been travelling less than an hour and her arm felt as if it had been dragged from its socket. Her mother was managing perfectly well on her mount, deep in conversation with the major most of the time, ignoring their supposed groom. All very well to remain in character, but she was feeling decidedly put out.

In order to maintain the pretence she was going to have to sleep in the stables, eat what she was given, and hope nobody discovered she wasn’t what she appeared to be. Not a prospect she was looking forward to. Surely they were going to find somewhere to stop soon?

She kicked the hunter into a canter and thundered up behind the other two horses. Alarmed by the sound of her approach both animals shied, Major Dudley remained firm in the saddle but her mother was unseated. Annabel watched in horror as she tumbled headfirst onto the road. Major Dudley was beside her mother in seconds, whilst she struggled to maintain control of her two horses.

‘Major Dudley, how is my mother? That was my fault, I should have remembered she is not an experienced horsewoman.’

He looked up, his expression grim. ‘She’s conscious, but I fear she has broken her arm.’

‘The accident was not your fault, my love, but my stupidity. I was not concentrating; I was too busy talking to pay heed. The major is correct. I fear I have broken my left arm. But I am perfectly well apart from that.’

Annabel stood in her stirrups. She could see the countryside around them was deserted, no sign of a house to go to for assistance, no sign of a dwelling of any sort. It was dusk already, in an hour it would be full dark. What were they going to do now that Mama was injured?

Confident her horses were calm she dismounted and tethered them to a convenient branch at the side of the road. Her mother’s horse was grazing a hundred yards ahead, Silver trotted up to greet her.

‘Good boy, I missed you too. I’m proud of the way you’re behaving without me on board.’ She hadn't mentioned to Major Dudley that Silver rarely went well with anyone other than herself. Scrambling back onto her mount she approached the loose animal. It made no objection to her leaning down and taking the reins. She returned and dismounted, looping the leather over her arm.

‘Mama, I'm so sorry. What can I do to help?’

‘Remain with the horses, Miss Bentley. I'll take care of Lady Sophia.’ The major’s voice was stern, even if Mama didn’t blame her, he did. She watched as he tenderly assisted her mother to her feet. He had removed his stock and fashioned a sling from it and the damaged arm was cradled in this.

‘Don’t look so worried, my darling girl. I am perfectly well, it hardly hurts at all. I believe I can ride if Major Dudley leads my horse.’

‘Major Dudley, I can see nothing ahead of us, I'm concerned that there has been no sign of habitation.’

‘The matter’s in hand, Miss Bentley. When we passed through the last hamlet, you might remember I spoke to one of the inhabitants. He told me there’s a crossroads ahead. If we turn left and travel for a mile we shall find a decent coaching inn, The King’s Head. Even as things are, I’m certain we’ll make it before it’s too dark to see.’

She prayed he was correct. Her mother didn’t seem to need her help, allowing the major to fuss around, and then lift her bodily into the saddle. She was able to clutch the pommel with her sound hand, and hopefully that would be enough to keep her secure, if they travelled slowly.

Should she ask for a leg up? There was nothing suitable to use as a mounting block, she turned, deciding she would have to lengthen a stirrup leather and try to mount that way.

‘Allow me, my dear. I’m sorry if I seem a little brusque, but your mother is in a great deal of pain. I’m concerned for her. It’s imperative we find shelter and a physician as soon as possible.’ He grasped her leg and tossed her into the saddle. ‘She’s being very stoic at the moment. However, the jolting once we start could cause her to swoon.’

‘I understand. You must do everything you can for her. We’re both most grateful for your help.’

‘You’re doing magnificently, my dear. No one could ask for more. The accident was not of your doing, I must take the blame.’

He remounted Silver and they moved off, he leading Mama, she behind. The blame lay with them all equally, according to the major and that made her feel less guilty. She wasn’t sure if she was happy her mother had found someone to take care of her after being so long on her own. She could only see the growing attachment between them ending in heartache.

*

Robert tried the side door and as he’d expected, it been left unlocked. He was unhappy to be creeping in unannounced, as if he was a burglar. Still, he had no need to tell the staff he was there. He went upstairs to the chamber he’d used previously, the lantern he’d taken from the stable in his hand. His bed had been stripped and remade with clean linen. There was water in the jug and fresh towels waiting on the rail.

Dispirited that his journey had been in vain, he tossed his clothes onto a nearby chair and fell into bed in his undergarments. He would wash in the morning but was too damned tired tonight.

The sound of curtains being drawn back roused him and he pushed himself on to one elbow to see a strange girl smiling shyly at him.

‘Mrs Hopkins says as I was to bring you a tray, so, as I ain’t sure what you likes, sir, you got a bit of everything.’

He smiled. Obviously the indoor staff were as short of work as the groom. He had never been brought his breakfast on a tray before, apart from the one occasion he had been struck down by the influenza when a boy at school.

‘Whatever it is, I’m sure it will be excellent. Tell Hopkins I'll be down to see her directly.’ He paused, this wasn’t the time to ask about Annabel’s disappearance, but the girl should know how Tom and Fred were doing. ‘How are Tom Hopkins and Fred? What did the doctor say, do you happen to know?’

The girl approached the bed, a broad grin making her plain face pretty. ‘Yes, sir, I do that. Mr Tom is still poorly, but he’s awake and taking gruel. Fred would be up and doing already if his ma would let him. The doctor says they’re both to stay put until he comes again tomorrow.’

The girl had left the tray tantalizingly out of reach. Robert wasn’t sure if he should step out of bed, dressed as he was, to collect it or wait until the girl had gone. He was damned hungry, he hadn’t stopped to eat yesterday and the smell of newly baked bread and coffee was making his mouth water.

The girl hovered uncertainly in the centre of the room, obviously unsure what her duties were. He would make it easy for her. ‘That will be all.’

She bobbed a curtsy and vanished into the dressing-room and he could hear her clattering down the back stairs to the kitchen. No sooner had she gone than he was out of bed and across to the food. He devoured everything with relish. His stomach full, he felt more sanguine about matters. He had done his best to help Annabel but she had chosen to reject him. Dudley was responsible for them now, he had fulfilled his duty, kept his promise, the matter was done.

He would wash and shave, speak to Hopkins, make sure they had sufficient funds to be going on with and then ... he shrugged, then he could do what he pleased. Why did the prospect fill him with despair?

An hour later he walked into the kitchen the empty tray in his hand. Another girl from the village and the housekeeper were busy about their duties.

‘Lawks a mussy! You shouldn’t have brought that down, sir, the girl would have fetched it.’

‘Well, it’s here now, Hopkins. I’m glad to hear both patients are making good progress. I should like to talk to you, could you join me in the small parlour?’

He left her to wipe her floury hands on her apron and could hear her bustling along behind him. He waited by the unlit fire. ‘Sit down, please, I’ve no wish to stand on ceremony.’ He waited for her to do so but she was obviously uncomfortable sitting in his presence. With a sigh he straddled a chair and faced her. ‘Can you tell me anything about the departure of Lady Sophia, Miss Bentley, and Major Dudley?’

‘No sir, apart from they left in a hurry like. They didn’t say why they were leaving so sharpish or where they were going. I’m as puzzled as you, sir, that they didn’t wait. I packed some food and they set off. Did Miss Bentley not leave you a note?’

He shook his head. ‘No, not that I’ve found, and I’ve looked everywhere. I’ll leave you with sufficient funds to be going on with, but I must return to town immediately.’

‘Of course you must go, Colonel. Miss Bentley’s your responsibility and I reckon you must find her wherever she is.’

His jaw tightened, how dare she presume to give him instructions? He was about to reprimand her when he belatedly understood that far from being a free agent, his life had just become more complicated. Until Annabel told him in person the arrangement was cancelled it must stand. The housekeeper was staring at him anxiously.

‘Are you unwell, sir? You’ve gone right poorly looking.’

‘Thank you, Hopkins, but I’m quite recovered. Forgive me - did the vicar visit in my absence?’

‘He did, sir, and the funeral for poor Jethro is to be held tomorrow morning. I took the liberty of giving all the staff the morning off to attend, I hope that’s acceptable?’

‘Excellent, you’ve done well. Did Major Dudley or Lady Sophia have the opportunity to speak to the vicar?’

‘No, sir, and not to the doctor, neither. They had been gone several hours before they arrived.’

‘Very well. You may return to your duties.’

He was left to his thoughts, and they weren’t happy ones. Annabel had decided she would rather go off penniless than tie herself to him. He didn’t blame her, he was irascible and autocratic, not a fit partner for anyone. If she knew what had happened in Spain she’d want no more of him

Where the hell was Dudley taking them? He slammed his hand onto a side table and it disintegrated. Dudley had a small estate somewhere to the south of London. That was there he would find them. He stared down at the debris around his feet undecided whether to clear it or leave it one of the new maids.

Suddenly the door burst open and Mary stood there her face pale. ‘Colonel, he’s come. Sir Randolph’s here and he’s brought the constables and other folk with him.’





Chapter Fourteen





Annabel followed, fearing her mother might tumble again and make her injury worse. It took them an hour to cover that last mile or so as Major Dudley kept the horses at a slow walk to make sure nothing untoward could happen a second time.

Eventually he turned in his saddle. ‘Can you see, Miss Bentley, this is a main thoroughfare, the inn must be that large building half a mile away.’

‘I can see it, sir, you do realize that I must remain outside? If my disguise is to remain undetected, I must be given no special treatment. I’m your groom, not Lady Sophia’s daughter.’

‘We’ve discussed that, my dear. If you sleep Silver’s stall, then I’m sure no one will bother you. Why should anyone wish to come near a stable boy? She nodded. Of course, they might believe she had something valuable in her pockets. After all people were murdered for far less in the backstreets of London.

‘Do you intend to register as a married couple?’

‘We do, that way I can keep Lady Sophia safe. It's unfortunate, but her safety comes before her reputation on this occasion.’

Reassured by this, Annabel’s shoulders began to unknot. She didn’t care if she had to sleep in the hay, as long as she could sleep. Major Dudley shouted for assistance soon as they entered the yard. Immediately two ostlers rushed out from the stable block and the landlord appeared at the front door.

‘My good man, my wife has taken a tumble and broken her arm. We require two of your best rooms, and the name of a physician.’ He glanced dismissively in her direction. ‘Young Sam will take care of my horse; your grooms must take care of the others.’ Major Dudley removed his riding cape and tossed it in her direction. ‘Sam, give this a thorough clean by tomorrow.’

The landlord obviously recognized the voice of authority and didn't quibble. Her mother, leaning heavily on the major’s arm, walked unsteadily towards the entrance, leaving Annabel to continue the charade. One of the grooms turned to her.

‘Here boy, you take this evil beast, he’s tried to take a lump out of me already.’

Keeping her head down, she answered gruffly. ‘He’s a right terror, that one. I’m the only one what can look after him, apart from the master. You give him here.’ Silver’s reins were tossed in her direction and instantly the snapping and rearing ceased.

‘Blooming marvellous! Look at that, he’s only a little lad, but that horse’s happy to go with him quiet as a lamb.’

The stables were well-equipped, the individual stalls hock deep in clean straw, the manger full of hay and a fresh bucket of water waiting by the door. She removed Silver’s tack and hung it on the wooden pegs high on the wall, out of the reach of inquisitive equine noses.

‘There you are, Silver. I'll find you some oats, and see if there’s anything for me at the kitchen door.’ No – she didn’t need to go to the kitchen and risk being exposed, there was ample food in the saddlebags that had been slung across the pack horse.

‘I’m to take the master and mistress’s bags to them, but the saddlebags are to stay with me. I’m sleeping with the master’s horse. He’ll not settle otherwise.’

‘Suit yourself, lad. There’s plenty of room upstairs with us, if you want.’ The man handed over the bags.

‘Is there any hard feed for the horses? They’ll go all the better tomorrow if there is.’

‘In the fodder bin at the end, help yourself. All part of the price.’

She was left surrounded by baggage whilst the two men went to fetch the necessary food for the three animals they were caring for. Taking the two leather satchels into Silver’s stall, she buried them in a corner. With the three bags she headed to the rear of the inn; better not to barge into the kitchen, so she hovered outside looking suitably humble.

‘Excuse me, ma’am, I’ve the bags for my master and mistress.’

A plump woman, with flour streaked cheeks, appeared at the door. ‘You’re not coming in with that muck on your boots, my lad. Give them here, my Jesse will take them. ’A small girl, not more than ten years old, stepped out moments later.

‘Here, boy, I’m to take the bags. You get yourself back to the stable where you belong.’

Hiding her smile Annabel handed them over. She was a good six inches taller than the child, but had been put firmly in her place. In the world of servants outside was definitely inferior to being employed in the house.

As she sat on the floor of the loose box she heard the ostlers’ conversation without being seen herself. One of them was to go and fetch the doctor, and he wasn’t best pleased about it. Satisfied everything was being done for her mother she unbuckled the saddlebags, drank the lemonade from the flagon, and curled up under the major’s riding coat for the night.



Major Dudley appeared bright and early next morning. However, she had already been up an hour or more, seem to the horses, and been delighted to find that a substantial breakfast brought round by the small girl was also part of the deal. By now Annabel's face was so grimy, she was sure not even Mary would recognize her.

‘Miss Bentley, my dear, I can give you news of your mother. Lady Sophia has been visited by the physician who has set her arm. It’s a severe fracture, and the swelling and bruising far worse than it would have been if we hadn’t had to ride on after the accident.’

‘Is she well in herself?’

‘Yes, my dear. She’s remarkably cheerful considering the circumstances. She said to tell you she we have registered as Major and Mrs Dudley. The doctor is adamant we mustn't leave for several days, there could be a putrid infection set in at the break if we don't abide by his instructions.’

‘Several days? This is a disaster. Sir Randolph will surely discover us by then. When he arrives at Brandon Hall and finds us gone, he will immediately employ search parties. It won’t take long for him to learn that we’re here.’

He patted her shoulder. ‘You mustn't worry, my dear girl. Let me take care of things for you. Whatever happens, Lady Sophia insists you’re to remain hidden out here.’ He rummaged in his pocket and produced a small leather bag. ‘Here, take this, if you have to, there’s enough money for you to get away safely. You must go at once to Sinclair’s estate in Hertfordshire. You remember the directions I gave you yesterday?’

She nodded miserably. ‘Yes, I do. I don't want to leave Mama behind, but I’ll do as she asks.’

‘Good girl. Are they treating you well out here? How did you manage … well manage things in order to keep your true identity secret?’

She grinned in spite of her worries. ‘I used the facilities in the middle of the night. My cap is voluminous, and I’ve so much hair plaited under it, it wouldn’t shift in a hurricane.’

He chuckled. ‘Take care of yourself, my dear, I promise you no harm will come to your mama.’

So that was how things were. She could hardly credit two adults of mature years had fallen in love so precipitously. She sighed, if only Robert felt the same for her she might believe everything would turn out for the best.

*

Robert was aghast. ‘How can you be sure this is Lady Sophia’s husband, Hopkins?’

‘There are two carriages, and who else could it be? They just turned into the drive, as you know it’s in a parlous state, so they’ll need to take their time getting here. I reckon we’ve got around ten minutes before they arrive.’

‘Excellent. You must inform them Lady Sophia and Miss Bentley have gone to visit Major Dudley’s sister at Brandon Manor. That will send them on a wild goose chase and delay things for half a day at least. I'll leave immediately to find them.’

The woman didn’t argue, no one did when he gave commands. He smiled, apart from Annabel, that is. His bag was already packed, all he had to do was collect it. He left by the side door and ran to the stables his sword clanking at his side, his pistols heavy in his pockets. The groom had already saddled his horse. There was one thing more he needed to add before he left, his rifle, which was wrapped in oil cloth in the carriage he had arrived in.

‘Good man, remember, say nothing about my being here. And Lady Sophia and Miss Bentley have gone to Brandon Manor for a short visit. Make sure the other men say the same.’

‘Yes, sir, got that clear.’

Five minutes later Robert was in the saddle, having secured everything behind him, and cantered off down the track that led away from the main drive. He was a mile away in minutes and certain he was undiscovered.

Now, which way would they have gone? They would have to head for London, and travel by back roads, not the main thoroughfares. After several false starts, and roundabout routes, he came across a hamlet in which a local resident remembered seeing them pass through. He was only twenty minutes, it would appear, from a main thoroughfare, but still a full day behind them. He would cover the same distance as them in a fraction of the time, and with good fortune would catch up by evening.

He turned left at the crossroads and spotted a coaching inn ahead of him. Was it possible they had called in there for refreshments? He would stop and make enquiries. He could do with a drink and his horse would benefit from a rub down and an hour’s rest. He reduced his pace, not wanting to arrive pell-mell and arouse suspicion. He trotted into the yard; the first person he saw was a scruffy stable lad looking suspiciously like his runaway bride.

*

Randolph could hardly contain his excitement. Another mile and he would have done it. He had made sure he got the legal matters straight before he left, and had brought a maid to attend the ladies. He had got his man of affairs, Hughes, to bring along a couple of his henchmen dressed as if they were constables. The four of them should have no difficulty manhandling Sophia and Annabel into the carriage when the time came to leave.

‘You know what you have to do, Hughes?’

The man was sprawled untidily in the corner of the coach, his narrow face and sallow complexion making him look consumptive. This was deceptive, Hughes was tough and skilled, not only in matters of finance, but also in the less salubrious dealings he was occasionally instructed to handle.

‘Yes, Sir Randolph; I’m to remain behind you, and if there’s any resistance, to restrain Lady Sophia, leaving Miss Bentley to yourself.’

Randolph shifted on the seat; he couldn’t wait to have Annabel struggling in his arms. The carriage stopped. He flung the door open and jumped out. With his black topcoat swirling around him, his beaver low over his eyes, he strode towards the front door knowing he made a fearsome sight. He was reckoned a tall man, and well set up, and until ladies knew different, they believed he was as charming as he was handsome.

He hammered on the front door not really expecting it to be opened. The two men who had scrambled out of the second coach could affect an entry if they were locked out. There was a clatter of feet approaching and the door opened. A woman of middle years, her faded brown hair pushed tidily under a cap, apron pristine, curtsied politely.

‘I beg your pardon, my lord, but there’s nobody in residence at present.’

‘Get out of my way, you wretched woman.’ He pushed past her, determined to see for himself whether she was lying. He looked round; the house was in good order, the appointments not luxurious, but adequate. He gestured to Hughes. ‘Get your men to search this place from top to bottom. If they are here, find them and bring them to me.’

‘Excuse me, my lord, but Lady Sophia and Miss Bentley have gone to visit Lady Barton at Brandon Manor, it’s no more than ten miles from here. I’m not expecting them back until the end of next week.’

‘When did they leave?’

The woman paled, her smile slipping. ‘Two days ago, sir. Her ladyship didn’t say as they were expecting any visitors. I could send one of the grooms with you, they would show you the route, if that would be of any assistance?’

Randolph finally accepted he had been thwarted yet again. Who the devil was Lady Barton and why should Sophia be visiting her? He would rest here for an hour or so then get the groom to give them directions to this Brandon Manor.

‘I shall require refreshments to be served at once. My horses need watering and I have several members of staff who require feeding.’

The woman curtsied nervously. ‘Of course, sir, I shall have my girls lay up in the small parlour for your staff, and in the dining room for yourself. If you would care to wait in the drawing-room, I’ll have coffee sent right away.’

‘Coffee? Dammit, woman, I want brandy.’

‘Yes sir, it will be with you directly.’

He glanced up and saw two maids hovering in the background. One went to the double doors at the far side of the vestibule and pulled them apart. She didn’t speak, just curtsied and then scurried away after the older woman.

When he returned to his carriage he was feeling more sanguine about the outcome of this second journey. The route to Brandon Manor was straightforward, they should arrive during the afternoon, and the more he considered this fresh turn of events the better he liked it. It would be far easier to reclaim his wife and daughter if they were in public; no lady would wish to make a scene with others watching.

*

Annabel dropped the bucket of water she was carrying, soaking her breeches and filling her boot. ‘Colonel Sinclair, I didn't expect to see you. Look what you’ve made me do! I'm drenched to the bone.’

‘Good God! What are you doing here? I thought you would be almost in London by now.’

She noticed one of the ostlers had stopped to gawp. She couldn’t talk to him here, they must have privacy. ‘The master will be right pleased to see you, sir. A real bit of luck it is, you passing by like this. Mrs Dudley’s gone and broke her arm, sir, and can’t move for a day or two longer. I’ll show you where to put your horse, sir, if you care to follow me.’

The ostler moved away, accepting what he saw as a fortuitous encounter with a family friend. As soon as they were private she turned to him, her face anxious. ‘Why are you here? How did you find us? I’m so sorry, I forgot to leave you a note explaining that we were going directly to your estate in Hertfordshire. Four days was too long, Sir Randolph would have found us before you returned.’

‘My estate? I should have thought of that. How badly injured is your mother? Rushton is already at Brandon Hall. I arranged to have him misdirected to Brandon Manor. But I should think, by this evening, he'll have discovered my deception and be baying for your blood.’

‘I feared as much, in fact I expected him sooner. We cannot leave here for at least another forty-eight hours, Mama’s arm is so swollen it would be dangerous for her to move.’

‘I have an idea. You and your mother could be taken for siblings. You must get inside and put on her riding habit. Dudley must pay his shot – say they’re leaving. I'll book their room, and then Major Dudley and I can change places, and you and your mother must do the same.’

‘But you look nothing like Major Dudley, how can this deception work?’

He grinned. ‘Your stepfather knows neither Dudley nor me. If we travel together as Major and Mrs Dudley, why should he think we are not who we appear to be.’

She frowned. ‘But we have no groom to accompany us, someone to lead the baggage horse.’

‘I'll take the landlord and his good lady into our confidence, spin him some story about disgruntled suitors, not the truth of course. If I give him enough money I’m certain he’ll be only too happy to fall in with our plans and supply us with a groom.’

‘Hire a boy from here? That would be perfect. Major Dudley and Mama can remain …’There was something about this scheme that didn’t quite fit. ‘I don't understand how Colonel Sinclair can suddenly have acquired a wife when he arrived here on his own.’

‘Lady Sophia shall remain invisible, of course, until the danger’s passed.’

‘But they will be obliged to share one bed chamber.’

He nodded. ‘I rather think it’s too late to worry about propriety. When your mother chose to travel as Major Dudley’s wife she would have known what’s left of her reputation would be in tatters.’

He was right. There was no time to stand chattering, she had to work out a way of getting inside without being seen and then disguising herself as her mother.





Chapter Fifteen





Robert finished explaining his scheme to Lady Sophia. ‘Annabel must somehow be brought up here; we don't wish the other guests to see her, they won't be so reticent when my husband starts blustering and bullying.’

‘There are back stairs. Whilst the luncheon rush is on, and all the staff are fully occupied, she can creep in then. The landlord and his wife are only too happy to help, especially as I’ve given them three guineas for their trouble.’

Her eyebrows flickered. Such largesse did not often come her way, now money was being tossed to strangers on her behalf. Whatever happened, he would make it his business neither Annabel nor her mother ever had to suffer penury again. He had nothing to spend his money on but himself, it would give him the greatest pleasure to help them.

‘I’ve bespoken this room and this parlour, and as soon as your daughter's ready I’ll leave you and the major here.’

Major Dudley coloured. ‘I'll sleep in here, that goes without saying, Sinclair.’

Lady Sophia’s laugh filled the room lightening the atmosphere. ‘My dear, Major Dudley, I believe it's rather late to worry about protecting my reputation. If you sleep out here it will give rise to comment when the chambermaid comes. Why should you be sleeping in here when there’s a perfectly good bed in your bed chamber?’

Robert could see his friend was still hesitating. ‘Lady Sophia’s right, Dudley, as far as the rest of the staff, and the guests are concerned, you will be Colonel Sinclair and staying here alone.’

‘The staff have seen the major, surely they will mention that it is he that is here, and not someone called Colonel Sinclair?’

He grinned. ‘I’ve thought of that as well, my lady. I shall be stricken down with a highly infectious fever. Only the landlord will come in to wait on me, other staff will go no further than here. Dudley, go down and pay your bill. I'll follow directly to start complaining about feeling unwell. This will give you time to move your belongings.’ All he had to do was feign illness and the masquerade was started.

He had already primed Annabel. George, the landlord’s son, who was to accompany them, was to go round and tell her when the coast was clear. He walked into the dining room and staggered dramatically, crashing noisily against two tables and making quite certain every head was turned in his direction.

‘I beg your pardon, I felt a trifle unsteady. I shall be all right when I sit down.’

He pulled out a chair and slumped dramatically, resting his head on the table and moaning slightly, muttering about how hot he was and how much his head was aching. He was quite positive he had everybody’s full attention. He remained where he was, mumbling as if in a delirium, and on cue the landlady appeared beside him.

‘Colonel Sinclair, sir, I believe you’re very unwell. I hope it is not the infectious fever you have brought with you. You will need to remain here a day or so. I have sent for my husband, he must escort you to a bed chamber. We shall send for the physician immediately.’

He allowed himself to be hoisted upright, bundled out of the dining room and up the stairs.

With suitable moans groans and staggers he re-entered the room he’d recently vacated. Annabel was already next door – he could hear her voice.

*

Annabel nodded to the landlord’s son, George. ‘I must go, the colonel’s waiting for me.’

The boy who Robert had engaged was roughly her size and dressed in similar fashion; he smiled happily.

‘This is a bit of alright, nothing so exciting has ever happened to me, I can tell you. You go along, I'll start tacking up the horses.’

Annabel wondered what his reaction would be if he knew she was a girl. He’d been told she was to act as valet to Sinclair whilst he was unwell. She slipped away round the side of the building until she came to a side entrance which had been left ajar.

This was deserted, only the rattle of pots and pans coming from the kitchen a little way along a narrow corridor. The tiny stairwell was quiet. She didn't need a candle, having been told there were exactly twenty-three steps to the door she required.

With eyes shut, she counted and then pushed. To her relief the door opened and she was directly outside the chamber she required. The corridor was empty, the guests no doubt downstairs enjoying their mid-day meal. The other rooms were empty, waiting for the next wave of overnight travellers to arrive later in the day.

She dashed across the corridor and into the parlour to find Major Dudley waiting.

‘Miss Bentley, we’ve been expecting you. Your mama is in the bedchamber, she has everything ready.’ He viewed her dubiously. ‘Although I think it's going to take somewhat longer than we anticipated. You’ll need to be a deal cleaner before you effect your transformation.’

She laughed. ‘Dirt is a good disguise, sir, even the young lad who’s taking my place has not recognized that I’m a female.’

‘I’ve moved all my belongings into the bed chamber which is why it's somewhat cluttered. You had better hurry; it won't be long before the colonel is brought upstairs.’

She entered the room and her mother held out her out good arm. ‘Darling girl, I have been so worried about you living in the stables. My word, how dirty you are. Never mind, there’s plenty of water and it’s still reasonably warm. Quickly, remove your garments and get yourself clean.’

‘Mama, never mind about me, how are you?’

‘My arm will do very well, my dear, it hardly hurts at all. However, if you do not leave these premises in the next hour our efforts to escape might be wasted. Rushton will not remain long at Brandon Manor when he discovers our deception. He might very well be looking for us at this very moment.’

Annabel needed no further urging and in less than fifteen minutes she was dressed in her mother’s riding habit. It fitted as if it had been made for her. She must have filled out recently.

‘My darling, you look exactly like me. But without the wrinkles of course.’

‘You have no wrinkles, Mama, and well you know it. Do I have the hat at the right angle? If I pull the veil lower it will obscure the top of my face, make it even more difficult for anyone to know it’s not Lady Sophia they see. The colonel has even given me a sling for my arm. He’s a resourceful man, I’m sure this plan will work and keep us all safe.’

Robert, sounding at death’s door, was approaching the parlour, she must leave. ‘Mama, I'm going, I don’t know when we’ll meet again but I trust Major Dudley to take care of you. Remember, as soon as you can, hire a post chaise and remove yourself to his estate.’

‘I shall do that, my love. God willing we will be reunited very soon. Now, let me look at you.’ Her mother stepped back to admire the transformation. ‘I don’t want you to worry about me. This is all very exciting. I have not had so much fun in years.’

Annabel smiled, that was exactly what the innkeeper’s son had said. Was she the only one not enjoying the experience? She was scared witless, convinced their disguise would be inadequate, that Sir Randolph would arrive and capture them at any moment. She knew their protectors would fight to keep them safe and Robert could well be killed. She couldn’t bear to think of it.

‘Take care of yourself, Mama. I love you and pray that we're together again soon.’ She hugged her and rushed from the room before she broke down. In the parlour the two men, who had been conversing quietly, stopped in midsentence. Major Dudley was the first to recover.

‘Miss Bentley, if I didn't know, I would have thought you Lady Sophia. I’ve sent the bags down and asked for the horses to be brought round. Now, all I have to do is escort you outside.’

Robert finally found his voice. ‘I shall leave immediately. Although I'll be on foot, I’ll be there by the time you arrive. I’ll sprint a half mile down the road and wait in the coppice on the left. We should be sufficiently distant from here to be unobserved.’

He had thought of everything. She had a dreadful feeling it might be a long time before she saw her mother again. She had expected to be heartbroken, but for some unaccountable reason found herself excited at the prospect of travelling alone with Robert.

Gathering up the skirt of her riding habit, she hooked it over her arm and was ready to begin the masquerade. The door clicked shut. The colonel had already crept off and would be away across the fields. She left the parlour, Major Dudley fussing at her side. The landlord appeared in the vestibule to bid them farewell, which he did more effusively than was customary.

‘Godspeed, Major Dudley, madam. I hope your arm’s fully recovered soon. I have sent ahead to make a reservation for you at the White Horse, you should reach it easily by late afternoon.’ He bowed, she nodded and Major Dudley smiled politely.

Outside the horses were stamping, impatient to be off after having been cooped up in the stables for so long. Silver was jumping out of his skin; she hoped the major was up to riding him with the horse so excitable. He lifted her into the saddle, helping her arrange herself.

‘If you’re ready, my dear, let us depart. We cannot travel fast, and I wish to be at the White Horse as soon as may be.’

It had been decided she and the colonel should head for Norwich as the landlord and his wife had no idea from which direction they had come originally. By doing this it would give her mother and Dudley time to put distance between themselves and pursuit, as they would be travelling towards London not away from it.

This road ran directly to the market-town. Hopefully that they would arrive there before Sir Randolph overtook them. It would be far harder to locate them once they were hidden away in a small hotel.

Riding side-saddle again was a strange sensation but she soon fell into the rhythm, the horse had a long easy stride and was far lighter in the mouth than the hunter she had ridden previously. They hadn't been travelling far when she saw the coppice. Soon she would have to say goodbye to the major, and her last link with her mama would be gone.

She guided the horse into the trees and he followed. Robert was waiting, scarcely out of breath. ‘Excellent, you’ve made good time. Hurry up, Dudley, let’s get this over with.’

Why did he sound so impatient? Was there more danger than she thought? Minutes later they were back on the road, Major Dudley left behind, and were heading towards Norwich. She had no wish to make conversation, her heart was too full, so she kept her head lowered.

After fifteen minutes she took a few surreptitious glances at her companion; it did nothing to reassure her. His expression was grave, his eyes constantly moving from side to side, and she noticed he was wearing a sword and had a rifle attached to the rear of his saddle. She was horrified by the thought of the violence that might occur before this escapade came to a satisfactory conclusion.

If anything happened to Robert she would be distraught. Her fingers jerked the reins causing her mount to toss its head and stumble. In spite of her reservations about his character she now found herself in love with her companion. Her spirits lifted. The outlook seemed less bleak – could he possibly feel the same for her? His face was unsmiling; either he was worried or disliked his companion.

She had already removed her arm from the sling, pushing the unwanted piece of material into her pocket. She had to get away from him, ride alone until she regained control of her troublesome thoughts. She clicked to her horse and dug her heel into its side. Immediately they were cantering along the grass verge and her companion was obliged to follow.

Unexpectedly Robert’s hand reached across and pulled her horse to a halt. ‘What the devil do you think you’re playing at? Do you want another accident on your conscience?’

Only then did she remember poor George. She twisted round and saw that he’d parted company with the hunter and released his hold on the baggage horse. ‘I didn't think. You must go back at once and see if he’s injured.’ This was her second error.

‘Do not presume to give me orders, young lady. Remain here. If you move an inch you will regret it.’

Why was he so rude to her? She hadn't meant to cause the accident, and George was already on his feet and scrambling back into the saddle. She braced herself for a further set down.

‘If you attempt anything so foolhardy as cantering a second time, Miss Bentley, I'll put on a leading rein.’

‘You’re impossible, sir. I’ve already apologized, I had forgotten about George. I’m hardly likely to do so again, I’m not an imbecile.’ His eyes narrowed and his hand clenched. Was he going to strike her? Was that the kind of man she had agreed to marry, had inexplicably fallen in love with?

She turned away in despair. She wouldn’t make the same mistake her mother had and marry a violent man. He might be as brutal as the one they were fleeing from. Her inattention caused her mount to peck; this wouldn't do. Lack of concentration would cause another mishap.

The further they travelled without being intercepted the greater her belief that all would be well. She must forget about her own problems, as long as her mother didn't have to go back to her husband, Annabel would be content. By the time Sir Randolph caught up with them, it would be too late for him to snatch back his errant wife. Mama would be safe at the major’s estate.

She forced herself to take an interest in her surroundings, enjoy the autumn sunshine on her face, the feel of a good horse beneath her. Robert had taken the lead rein of the baggage horse which meant they could increase their speed. This time she was able to canter without being roared at. They had been travelling for an hour when he rode over to her.

‘We can rest here for a while, there’s a stream the horses can drink from and we have a picnic the landlady provided.’

Obediently she reined back. Not waiting for him to dismount and help her, she kicked her foot free and dropped to the ground. After leading her horse to the water she let it step in to drink. She was confused about her feelings. How could she love a man she feared? There was no question of marrying him the way she felt at the moment.

He appeared unaware of her reserve and treated her with his usual impersonal charm. When she failed to respond for the third time he came over to her. ‘What’s wrong? Are you still cross with me for shouting at you? I apologize, you must learn it means nothing. I still have barrack- room manners.’

Her fears seemed absurd in the face of his apology. ‘I’m not used to being bullied, sir, but I accept your apology.’

‘Bullied? Good God! Is that how it appears to you? Do you consider me in the same light as Rushton?’

Her face paled. She couldn’t answer. He came closer, reaching out to brush her cheek lightly with his fingers sending an unexpected shiver down her spine.

‘Sweetheart, what a brute I’ve been. I promise I’ll do better; from this point onwards I shall be the epitome of politeness and not a cross word will pass my lips.’

She giggled. ‘Now you’re being nonsensical. Kindly remove yourself and let me prepare our luncheon.’

He didn’t move. ‘Come now, if I’m to stop bullying you, you must promise to stop giving me orders as if I was your lackey.’

‘I promise. Indeed, sir, if we both are able to keep these vows our friends will no longer recognize us.’

His rich chuckle sent further tremors down her spine. She stepped around him and saw George had already laid out the picnic. The boy grinned at her.

‘It’s all ready, Mrs Dudley, if you and the major would like to come and eat.’

Botheration! How could they have been so slack it had taken a servant to remind them of who they were supposed to be? In future she must address Robert as Dudley and he speak to her as if she was his wife.

They were travelling as a couple – would they be obliged to share the same bedchamber?

Her heart skipped a beat. Surely not? The landlord would have reserved two chambers; after all he knew how matters stood between them. No, this was an unnecessary concern. She was certain when Robert had seen her as a filthy stable boy his desire to share her bed would have evaporated. He would no longer have an interest in her in that way, had only offered for her in order to keep her safe. He wouldn't pre-empt their wedding night, or wish to do so. In fact the more she considered the matter, the safer she felt in his company.

From now on she would try and regard him as an uncle, and not as a prospective bridegroom. This would make matters easier between them. He mustn't discover she had come to love him – she would remain aloof. However, she would not marry him until he had declared his love for her however long this took.

*

Robert’s breath hissed through his teeth. He cursed his clumsiness. His preoccupation with keeping her safe had made him forget why they were fleeing in the first place. He felt the all-too-familiar tightening in his groin, she had been enchanting dressed as a stable boy, but in the riding habit she was unbelievably desirable.

An image of his first love’s ravaged face engulfed him. He forced his mind away from the shocking memory. He must concentrate on the present. Whatever his doubts about his suitability, he had given his word.

Annabel was reconsidering their marriage, and he’d done nothing to reassure her by his behaviour. Surely she must realize they had to be married before they reached Norwich? He had deliberately selected The White Horse as their resting place because the landlord had informed him that the vicarage was next door.

Before the day was over she would be his wife. Whatever her reservations she had no choice. He couldn't protect her unless he was her husband. He just hoped he could convince her of that when the time came to say their vows.

He didn't think he could ever give his heart to another woman, but he would be a faithful husband and loving father to any children they might have.





Chapter Sixteen





Sir Randolph clutched the strap as the carriage swayed between two imposing gate posts. ‘We are here at last, the journey was a deal further than we were led to believe. It will be dark very shortly so this Lady Barton will have to put us up for the night.’

Hughes straightened. ‘It’s a grand house, sir, there are plenty of rooms. Lady Sophia will be surprised to see us arriving on her doorstep, and her daughter also. I was wondering, this Major Dudley who has accompanied her, do you think he’s her fancy man?’

Randolph’s fist clenched, his arm shot out, knocking Hughes from the seat. ‘How dare you speak in that way? Remember your place.’

The man remained crouched on the floor for a few moments, sniffing loudly, before scrambling back to the seat. His eye was already closing where the fist had made contact.

‘I beg your pardon, Sir Randolph, I meant no harm.’

Further conversation was impossible as the coach halted. He waited for the groom to scramble down from the box, open the door and let the steps down. By the time this had been done the front door of the enormous manor house was open, candlelight flooding onto the marble steps. The butler, an elderly man, walked stiffly towards them, flanked by two bewigged footmen.

Randolph waited for him on the gravel turning circle. ‘I am Sir Randolph Rushton, I have come from London to see Lady Barton. She is not expecting me, but I am hoping she can offer us overnight accommodation.’

‘You are most welcome, Sir Randolph, how many chambers will you require?’

The butler had obviously seen the second coach trundling up behind them. ‘One for myself and somewhere for my man of business. There are also several members of my staff who require rooms. I care not where you put them.’ He gestured to the rear of his own carriage. ‘My trunk is there, one of my men can bring it in for me.’

He followed his guide into a spacious entrance hall; there was no evidence of the lady of the house, in fact any sign of anyone apart from servants. A tall, thin woman, dressed in navy bombazine, curtsied as he approached.

‘I am housekeeper here, Watson, at your service. If you would care to follow me, sir, I will show you to your apartment. Lady Barton’s dining out tonight, she will be returning first thing in the morning. I’m sure she will wish you to make yourself welcome until then.’

God dammit! ‘And her guests, do they stay overnight with her as well?’

The housekeeper paused and nodded. ‘Yes they have all gone; it’s too far to drive back so they will be obliged to stay. They will be back by noon tomorrow.’

There was nothing he could do about it, fate was conspiring against him. But at least he had come to the right place. All he had to do was make himself comfortable, and be ready to pounce when his unsuspecting wife and her daughter appeared the next day.

*

Annabel saw a sign reading The White Horse swinging in the breeze a hundred yards ahead of them. It was scarcely mid-afternoon, plenty of time to continue their journey for several more miles. Puzzled she turned to Robert. ‘Is this the place we intend to stay tonight? Could we not continue longer?’

He shook his head. ‘No, you're supposed to be injured. Which reminds me, you’d better put your arm back into the sling before we get there. Your stepfather wouldn't expect us to have travelled any further than this. Remember, we’ve already cantered a considerable distance which they would not have been in a position to do.’

‘Of course, I hadn't thought about that. Also, I must begin to call you Dudley, and you to address me as my dear.’

He smiled. ‘I think as we’re supposed to be married, you could address me by my given name, which is …’ he paused, as if not sure which name to give her. ‘It makes no difference, but his name is Simon, you already know that mine’s Robert. As long as I don’t refer to you as Annabel, we shan’t come unstuck.’

He fell back in order to speak to George without being overheard and then came back to her side. ‘The boy can get things arranged for us. I should like to ride a little further down the road with you.’

She made no comment but was puzzled by his suggestion. They rode past a substantial house, several pretty cottages, a blacksmiths, a general stores and milliners, then on to the outskirts of the village where there were a few tumbledown hovels and a church.

‘I thought you might like to spend a short time here, it must be many years since you’ve had the opportunity to go inside such a building.’

How thoughtful of him. She would dearly love to pay her respects to her Maker, and say prayers for the success of their plan. She beamed at him, wondering why she’d ever thought him insensitive. ‘Thank you, I should like that very much. Are you coming with me or do you remain with the horses?’

He looked uncomfortable, but replied with a small smile. ‘I'll remain out here for a moment, to give you time alone, I’ll join you shortly.’

‘There is something that has been bothering me. Who exactly does George think I am? He must have known there was only one lady in our party.’

‘Good God! Did we not tell you? He’s not party to the deception, he thinks you’re Lady Sophia.’

She shook her head in disbelief. ‘In which case he must believe my arm has made a miraculous recovery for I’ve been using it freely all day.’

He grinned. ‘It’s immaterial either way; by the time he returns from this jaunt your mother and Dudley will be long gone and their pursuers following us.’

He dismounted and lifted her from the saddle. He escorted her to the church door and opened it, then stepped aside to allow her to enter alone.

It took a few moments for her eyes adjust to the gloom. This was an ancient building with a magnificent stained-glass window, one of the few that must have escaped destruction when Oliver Cromwell had been in power. Revelling in the hallowed atmosphere, she walked to the altar rail at the front of the church, bowed her head in reverence then entered the front pew. After kneeling on the stone floor she began her prayers.

She was so lost in her communion with God that voices outside startled her. The church door opened. Hastily regaining her feet, she turned to see Robert accompanied by a gentleman dressed sombrely. Who might he be?

The man walked past her into the vestry leaving her to whisper to Robert. ‘Who is that gentleman? Am I not supposed to be in here?’

He guided her back until she was standing in the empty space at the rear of the church where the poorer folk stood during services. ‘He’s the vicar, my dear, he has come to marry us.’

Without his support she would have collapsed at his feet. ‘Marry us? Now? I had thought you’d forgotten about it, that I no longer needed to do so. I’m not sure I wish to be married to you or that I wish to be married at all.’ She was babbling, not making any sense, and was looking frantically from side to side, hoping there was a way she could escape from this.

Gently he drew her closer, so close the heat from his body warmed her. ‘Sweetheart, you have no choice, I have the licence, we must be married, there’s no alternative. It’s what we decided, what you agreed.’

She shook her head, tried to extricate herself from his grip but he tightened his hold and spoke urgently, his words breathed into her ear. ‘Do you think your mother would have allowed us to ride off like this unchaperoned, to share a bedchamber tonight, if she hadn't known I intended to marry you this afternoon? It’s difficult enough for her to be obliged to share accommodation with a man to whom she isn't married, it would break her heart if the same were to happen to her beloved daughter.’

She stopped struggling. He was right, whatever her feelings, it would destroy her mama if she didn’t marry. She wouldn't think of the future, but only of today, that the marriage would keep her safe and make her mother happy.

He relaxed his hold and moved a few inches away. Angrily she brushed away her tears and faced him. ‘I shall do it, reluctantly, with grave reservations about the outcome, but I won't let my mother down.’

Something flashed in his eyes. Was it triumph or relief? Too soon he slipped his arm in hers and guided her to the altar where the vicar was waiting to perform the marriage ceremony. Witnesses! Robert had forgotten that they needed two, the marriage would not be legal without their marks on the certificate. The church door opened and closed softly and she realised he'd not forgotten – there were others present. She didn't look over her shoulder to see who they were. Her fate was sealed by their appearance.

*

Sir Randolph found the apartment to his satisfaction and after changing his clothes, returned downstairs to find the butler was waiting to escort him to the dining room.

The table had been laid for one, Hughes was obviously dining elsewhere. He enjoyed the meal, demanded two bottles of claret and carried the port decanter with him when he left. He was determined to find somewhere more convivial than the vast drawing-room to sit in for the remainder of the evening.

Eventually he discovered the library where the fire was laid but not lit. He ignited it from his candle. Then he walked round the room lighting the other candlesticks until the room was bathed in a golden glow.

The book lined walls reminded him of home. He rarely read the volumes in his library but owning them made him feel intelligent. Whilst he waited for the fire to burn more brightly he wandered to the leather topped desk where there were several letters in a tray waiting to be answered. Idly he picked up the first. This was bill from the local milliners, there were several others in similar vein, but at the bottom of the pile was one that interested him.

As he read his eyes blazed with fury. He had been sent him on a fool’s errand. The guests staying at Barton Manor were strangers to him. This letter was a confirmation of their arrival. Lady Barton had gone out to dine with her godmother and her husband.

Forgetting he was not at home he hurled the books, candlesticks and other oddments from the surface with one sweep of his arm. The resulting crash brought servants running. The door was flung open and the butler, flanked by two footmen, viewed the carnage open-mouthed.

Before the butler could retreat Randall strode across the room and grabbed him by his cravat. ‘Tell me, what is Major Dudley to Lady Barton?’

The man could barely speak as he choked the air from his lungs. ‘He is her sister; he visited here with Colonel Sinclair last week.’

He slackened his grip allowing the man gulp a breath before tightening his fingers once more. ‘Where does Dudley live?’

The man didn't answer fast enough and he shook him like a terrier shakes a rat. ‘Tell me, or it will be the worse for you.’

Before he received his answer something unprecedented occurred. The two footmen sprang forward and seized him by the shoulders.

‘That’s enough of that. Don’t you touch Mr Foster so roughly,’ the larger footman said.

He was being manhandled by a member of the lower orders! He was incandescent with rage. ‘Hughes, where are you? Get in here at once.’ His shout was loud enough to echo throughout the house.

Foster, still grasping for breath, spoke sharply to his two underlings. ‘You’d best release the gentleman, but fetch his bags and rouse his servants, he’ll not stay here another moment. He’s no friend of Lady Barton’s of that I’m quite certain.’

The next thing Randolph was flat on his back, the door slammed and the key turned on the outside. They had dared to push him over! They were servants – their job was to do was they were bid, not to attack their betters. Heavy footsteps heralded the arrival, he hoped, of Hughes and his other men. The door opened and they gaped at him.

He scrambled to his feet, his cheeks flushed with anger and embarrassment at having been found in such a humiliating position. He reached inside his jacket pocket and pulled out his pistol, at once the three men followed suit.

‘The servants turned on me; they intend to throw us out, but that will not happen. We shall round them up and lock them in the cellar. Their mistress can release them when she returns tomorrow.’

Just before Hughes closed the cellar door Randolph reached in and grabbed the butler once again. ‘You didn't have the opportunity to tell me what I wish to know. If you wish to survive this encounter you will answer me. Whereabouts does Major Dudley have his estate?’ He levelled the gun, the barrel inches from the old man’s face.

‘Norwich, he has a place outside Norwich. Bracksted House, I don’t know the exact direction but you could ask, anyone will tell you where it’s situated.’

Randolph threw the man backwards, not caring if he broke his neck on the stairs. Hughes bolted the door. ‘There, we have them now. We shall leave first thing in the morning. Is the house secure? I don’t want the outside staff to know what is going on in here.’

‘All right and tight, sir, exactly as you instructed. They will have plenty to occupy them what with the maids being in with the menservants.’

*

The church was quiet; Annabel thought Robert might hear her heart as it thumped so loudly. The vicar cleared his throat and before she had time to think about it a gold band was pushed onto the ring finger of her left hand. She was committed for better or worse to honour and obey until one of them should die.

The vicar cleared his throat again. This was an annoying habit. ‘If you would care to wait with your wife, I shall fill in the certificate, enter it in the parish register and get the witnesses to put their marks. Congratulations on your marriage, Colonel Sinclair. I hope you both will be very happy.’

That would never be. What hope was there for true happiness in an arrangement like this? Love on one side of the union wasn't sufficient to ensure the happiness of both partners.

Robert sensed her disquiet and made no attempt to embrace her or give her the traditional bridal kiss.

‘Come along, my dear, why don’t you wait outside in the fresh air until he brings the paper?’

She nodded dumbly. Somehow she completed the long walk to the door without her knees giving way. The church appeared empty, the witnesses had obviously gone into the vestry with the vicar.

The horses were grazing contentedly. Silver raised his massive head, whickering a greeting. She ran to him, throwing her arms around his neck, drenching his mane with her tears. This was not how it should have been. Mama had told her so many times about her real father, how much in love they had been, how she had given up everything to be with him.

Annabel had given up everything, but not because she loved Robert, but for love of her mama. Her love for him was too new to survive this hasty marriage. It would shrivel and die in such circumstances. He was coming; hastily she dried her tears on her sleeve. She needed to be calm to ask him this favour. She turned. He was standing, behind her his eyes alert and watchful.

‘Colonel …’she hesitated, perhaps if she had dressed him less formally it would be better. ‘Robert, all this has been a shock to me. I scarcely know you, this is not how I thought my wedding would be, without even my mama here to wish me well.’

‘I know what you’re trying to say, sweetheart. Please don't distress yourself, I’ve already given my word to Lady Sophia. This shall be a marriage in name only until you wish to make it otherwise.’ His voice rang with sincerity, she believed him. Was she relieved or disappointed he was prepared to forego the pleasures of the marriage bed?





Chapter Seventeen





Annabel and Robert walked the short distance from the church to The White Horse. George was waiting in the cobbled yard to receive the horses and the landlord was standing in the doorway beaming.

‘Here, boy, when you’ve untacked bring the bags to our rooms.’

George touched his forelock. ‘I’ll do that, sir. It’s a right nice place here, and they keep a good kitchen the ostler told me.’

During this brief conversation Robert had kept hold of her hand, she didn’t like to create a scene by tugging it free. From his knowing looks the landlord must know they were just married.

‘Come on in, sir, madam. I have two fine rooms put by for you, and as instructed a bath is being drawn as we speak.’

Her spirits lifted a little. A bath? How long was it since she’d had the luxury of immersing herself completely in warm water? She shivered - she had no maid with her. Did her new husband intend to stand in that role? He had said he wouldn’t demand to share her bed, but had said nothing about keeping his distance in other ways.

Upstairs the rooms were more than adequate, a tester bed, with lavender scented linen, was made up and ready. A roaring apple log fire burned merrily, and in front of it, luxury of luxuries, a hip bath, hiding behind a black lacquered screen. She ran forward in delight.

‘This is the best wedding present I could have had. She dipped her finger to discover the water was piping hot. ‘I shall make use of this first…err…Robert, if you don't mind. There’s a more than adequate parlour you can sit in for the moment.’ She stared belligerently and he laughed out loud.

‘Don’t ruffle your feathers, my little bantam hen. I’ve no intention of remaining in here. You shall have your privacy.’ He sauntered to the door, turning as he reached it. ‘Please feel free to call me if you need any assistance. As you have no maid, it's possible you might encounter some difficulties removing your garments.’

His hateful chuckling remained with her after the door shut. She would remove her riding habit without assistance, and certainly not with his help, or die in the attempt. First she must take off her boots and that was no mean task without anything to hook them over. She tried jamming them on the edge of the fender to no avail. Her fingers were now covered in mud and both boots were still firmly in situ. She would have to go next door and ask for his assistance, much as it annoyed her to do so.

He was lounging on the chaise-longue, his jacket removed, his shirtsleeves remarkably white considering everything that had taken place.

‘I cannot remove my boots, would you do so for me? Please.’ She sounded ungrateful, but the prospect of him taking her feet in his hands filled her with trepidation. He swung his legs to the floor, a wicked glint in his eye.

‘Turn around, my love, and present me with your boot.’ He grasped the heel and with one tug it slid off. She presented the second and he removed it with equal ease.

‘Thank you, Robert. I believe I can manage the rest myself.’ He solemnly handed her the boots.

‘I'm looking forward to taking a bath myself, sweetheart, call me when you’ve done.’ He stretched lazily. ‘As you can see I don't have much more to take off.’

Her face scarlet, she ran into the bedroom, slamming the door. How could he mention something as indelicate as removing his garments? The image that presented was almost too much for her composure. She paused, fingers resting on the buttons at the waist of her habit.

She had never seen a man unclothed; Fred never removed his shirt even in the hottest weather. She wondered if Robert had scars anywhere from his years of soldiering. Were his chest and shoulders as tanned as his face and forearms?

She tingled all over. Perhaps it would be in order for her to assist him, after all did not wives do so in olden days? What nonsense! She mustn't think of such things. She had only known him for two weeks and was speculating in a most unseemly manner. Did married women ever view their husbands naked? Mama had told her a gentleman wore a nightshirt in bed.

What was wrong with her? Hadn’t she decided to remain aloof until he came to love her? Desire was not the same at all. With the slightest encouragement he would … she pushed the thought back. Hadn’t this sort of thing placed her in danger from her stepfather?

Fortunately her garments all fastened at the front and very soon she was stepping into the water. She had left her hair in its usual plait around her head, believing it wouldn't be sensible to attempt to wash this as well. Mama had always helped her with this task and she had never attempted it alone.

The bath wasn't long enough for her to stretch out. She giggled; he would have to sit with his knees almost under his chin when he got in. However, the water was deep and she could submerge herself leaving only her knees peeping out. What bliss! The warmth soothed her aching limbs and her eyes closed. No, she mustn't fall asleep, he might become impatient and barge in to demand his turn.

She sponged herself all over, by then her hair was wet – she might as well wash it after all. She quickly unbound it and scrambling onto her knees plunged her head in and rubbed the lemon soap over her locks. She rinsed it at the far end of the tub where the water was still relatively clear of suds.

Satisfied her ablutions had made her sweet smelling, the tang of the stable finally removed, she stepped out. Snatching the biggest of the three bath sheets that were warming in front of the fire, she enveloped herself.

This was so voluminous it trailed behind her. She twisted a smaller towel around her hair like a turban. She felt wonderful. She gazed in dismay at the scummy water in the bath. How could he be expected to share that? She hadn't realised how dirty she’d been.

Would the kitchen have the resources to refill the bath? She must ring and ask them immediately if they could do so. There was another screen at the far side of the room for changing behind; she looked around for her bag.

Good grief! It hadn't arrived from the stable yard. Unless she was prepared to put on her mired clothes, she would have to remain wrapped in towels. This was an unmitigated disaster. There wasn't even a robe to cover her indecency. Where was the wretched boy? Why did he not appear with her bag?

There was no option; she must ask Robert to fetch it. As far as she could see there was no bell strap in the bedchamber, it must be in the sitting room. Holding tightly to the towel she crossed the room and peered around the door. Her husband was stretched out on the daybed, but his eyes were closed, his stockinged feet resting on the upholstery. He appeared to be asleep.

Botheration! Now what? ‘Robert, Robert, I need your assistance. Please wake up this instant.’

There was no reaction from the figure resting so comfortably. She opened the door wider and put her head round further.

‘Wake up, I need to speak to you urgently.’ Still he didn't stir, he sighed a little but that was all. She must go in and shake him by the shoulder. Holding the towel close she tiptoed over and was stretching out a finger when his eyes opened. Disconcerted, she froze. The wretched man had been awake all along.

Angrily she stepped away but inadvertently trod on the trailing end of the towel and suddenly she was tumbling backwards.

*

Robert heard his wife splashing about in the water, at what point in the procedure would Annabel realize she had nothing clean to put on? He pushed the bags further under the daybed with his foot, stretched out his stockinged feet and smiled. Would she come to him and demand he fetch her clothes? Or would she reappear dressed in soiled garments?

She was far too fond of giving orders, expecting him to be at her beck and call. He had promised to stay out of her bed but that didn't mean he was going to allow her to ignore her other marriage vows. She had promised to cherish, honour and obey – and he intended she should do exactly that.

Her ablutions were taking an unconscionably long time. His lips curved as he recalled her yesterday when she was dressed as an urchin, face filthy, and hands even worse. Had she washed her hair? A flood of heat surged round him. The first time he had seen her, her golden tresses tumbling over her shoulders, he’d known she was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. He hadn't changed his mind; in fact keeping his promise was going to be dammed difficult His heart remained frozen; he couldn't love his wife as she deserved but he could make love to her. Hopefully that would be enough for both of them.

He loved to see her eyes flash with anger. Annabel was the only person, male or female, who had ever had the courage to stand up to him. He was anticipating a tempestuous marriage. He closed his eyes, letting his thoughts drift. Was it her spirit or her beauty and intelligence that had attracted him? It had been seeing her tumbling off her horse outside Brandon Manor that had pierced his heart and made him certain he could marry her and not regret it.

He stared at the closed door which lay between them. How long could he keep away from her? He had given his word, but if she changed her mind he wouldn't hold back. Lady Sophia couldn't expect him to keep his promise if Annabel wished to become his true wife. He settled more comfortably. Many marriages started with affection only, maybe not even that. Perhaps after time real love would come – until then physical love would have to suffice.

The unmistakable sound of her climbing out of the bath alerted him. He forced his limbs to relax, feigning sleep. The door opened and she called. He ignored her. She called again. She sounded so cross; now she would have to come in and wake him up.

As she approached he could scarcely contain his amusement, then the warmth from her newly bathed skin filled his nostrils. Something quite different drove him. She must be within arms’ reach. He opened his eyes and his jaw dropped. He couldn't prevent his expression showing how he felt.

She wasn’t dressed at all. There was a towel around her head hiding her hair. The one around her body left her white shoulders and slender arms clearly visible. He hardened, his arousal would be visible without his jacket to disguise it. He jack-knifed; his sudden movement caused her to step backwards.

His lightning reactions failed him and she fell to the floor. The towel she had so carefully wrapped about her body began to unravel. He dare not move. If he did he would break his promise and take her into the bedroom and make her his.

*



The intensity of Robert’s gaze pinned her to the floor. For a moment she couldn’t get her limbs to respond. Then abruptly he turned away, releasing her. She grabbed the corners of the towel and attempted to scramble to her feet. The more she tried to get up the more tangled she became. To make matters worse the towel around her head unrolled and added to the chaos.

She had to get out of there. She was crimson from her toes to her crown. She had revealed parts of her anatomy that even her mother had not seen since she was grown. With a strangled sob of frustration she tried to keep herself decent, push her hair wet hair out of the way, and stand up, without treading on the end of the enormous bath sheet.

‘Keep still, sweetheart, your struggles are making matters worse. Let me help you. No, don’t flinch away from me, I’m your husband, you have nothing to be embarrassed about.’ His voice was gentle, reassuring and in no way predatory.

She stilled and he enfolded her in his arms and swept her up as if she weighed nothing at all. Kicking the unwanted towel to one side he carried her back into the bedroom, placing her on the bed.

‘Sit there, I have your bag in the other room. I’ll bring it through to you.’

She shivered, not sure if it was cold or anticipation that shook her so violently. She was vulnerable sitting alone in the centre of the vast bed as if inviting his attentions. Then he returned and dropped the missing article beside her.

‘Look at you, you look like a drowned rat. Get some clothes on and then come next door and I’ll dry your hair for you.’

He spoke as if to a small child, and she smiled back. ‘Thank you, Robert. The water is not only filthy I believe it will be cold by now. If you wish to take a bath you’ll have to send for fresh water.’

‘I'll do that, but not to worry if I don’t get my bath tonight, I can have one another time.’

The door shut. Her teeth chattered as she removed the wet bath sheet and rummaged for her undergarments. Once she had these safely on, she relaxed. Her blue dress was sadly creased, but was better than the other things she’d brought with her. She required new clothes, perhaps now it would be safe to go back to Brandon Hall and replenish her wardrobe.

Annabel had no idea what was going to happen after the expected confrontation with her stepfather. Would they go and live in Hertfordshire or remain at Brandon Hall? She would have to ask Robert.

She drew her dress over her head, did up the tiny matching buttons and tied the sash. Hanging the wet towels over the rail, she collected a hairbrush and the last dry towel. As she entered the sitting room she saw the flicker of a skirt as a maid disappeared. Robert turned back to her and smiled. Her stomach somersaulted. He was undeniably handsome, and when he looked at her like that she responded without wishing to.

There were cushions piled on the floor, the day-bed was moved around to run parallel to the fireplace. He gestured towards the cushions. ‘Sit there, my dear girl. It must be tedious having hair of such a length.’

‘I had thought of having it cut off, shall I do so?’

‘Over my dead body. Your hair is your crowning glory; it's what I first noticed about you.’

She folded herself on the cushions and he sat behind, his legs forming a warm cradle. He reached round her and began to rub her hair dry.

‘Are they bringing a fresh bath? I feel really guilty having used all the water myself.’

‘It seems the copper is already filled with hot water. They will take away the old in the next half an hour. I’ve also ordered food to be brought. I’m ravenous, I don’t know about you.’

‘I am indeed, I do hope they take care of George. Though, I must admit, I had excellent food when I was a stable boy for two days.’

He chuckled. ‘I’m sure he will be well looked after – he’d better be, I’m paying them enough.’

The sound of buckets and banging came from the bedroom, there must be a servants’ entrance somewhere in that chamber she hadn't discovered. She settled against him and he picked up her hair brush. Taking one section he began brushing out the tangles. She hung her head forward, draping her hair over her face in order to receive the warmth from the logs.

The room was quiet, not a strained silence, more companionable. Perhaps this marriage wouldn't be as bad as she'd feared. She was enjoying having someone take care of her for a change. Not that dear mama didn't do her best, but she had always been more interested in her art than domestic matters. Ever since they’d moved to Brandon Hall it had been Annabel’s job to organize the house and garden with the help of the Hopkins family.

A bang on the door interrupted them. ‘That must be our food. If you would be so kind as to lay it out on the table I'll go and braid my hair, I think it’s dry enough to do so.’

She didn’t wait for his reply. In the bedroom two chambermaids were tipping the last of the clean water into the bath.

‘There you are, madam, all done. Major Dudley can take his bath now.’

The two girls giggled and nudged each other, staring at her unbound hair, crumpled gown and bare feet. She hadn't bothered to find stockings when she’d dressed earlier.

‘There’s fresh towels on the rail, madam, but I don’t expect you’ll need all three.’

Grinning and pushing each other, they vanished through the hidden door at the far side of the room. Whatever were they sniggering about? She viewed the towels and the water and for a moment didn’t comprehend. Then it dawned. They had seen her hair, her feet, and believed that she would be remaining in the room whilst he bathed. That they would be tumbling into bed at any moment to celebrate their union.

Maybe that wasn’t such a bad idea. He had just dried her hair, should she not reciprocate in some way? The water was deep enough to cover him waist high, and if she knelt behind him she could soap his back and wash his hair. If she did this she would finally get to see what a naked man looked like. Did she have the courage to attempt it?





Chapter Eighteen





Robert spoke softly from behind her. ‘Let me do that for you, sweetheart, after all we are married.’

Without waiting for her permission he began to braid her hair efficiently. His eyes met hers in the mirror and a strange warmth pooled in her nether regions. He made her feel so odd, her limbs no longer belonged to her, as if she was someone else entirely.

His hands were brushing the back of her neck as he arranged her hair. He reached out to take the ribbon and when his fingers touched hers they were cool. Or was it that hers were burning for some reason? She cleared her throat.

‘Your bath’s ready, Robert. I’m quite capable of plaiting my own hair. As soon as it’s done I’ll go and wait in the parlour.’

He ignored her. Having completed one side he deftly fixed the ribbon around the end. ‘If that’s what you want, my love. Why don’t you leave it as it is? Don’t bother to wind it round your head, leave it down. Like this, it reminds me of paintings I have seen off olden times, fair maidens attending to their men folk.’

He had read her mind. Flushing painfully she jerked her head away and completed the task herself, looking anywhere but at him. Her former wanton thoughts about helping him with his ablutions evaporated. She wasn't a sophisticated lady, was out of her depth when it came to matters this sort. She must be careful or she would find herself agreeing to become his true wife. She had tied a ribbon around her plait many times before but this time her fingers fumbled and it took several attempts to make the bow.

Annabel was about to stand when there was the unmistakable sound of him stepping into the bath. He hadn't waited for her to leave, had deliberately removed his clothes to see how she would react. The air crackled with tension; she gripped the edge of the table and took several steadying breaths.

She would not be embarrassed, she was his wife, had the right to be in here with him. Despite her nervousness she half smiled, after all, had he not seen all of her when her towels had parted?

In one graceful movement she rose, but kept her eyes fixed firmly above where she thought his head would be. Eye contact could prove disastrous. How silly, he couldn't sit facing her, the hip bath wasn't built to allow that. He would have his back to her; it would be quite safe to glance at him.

His head and shoulders protruded above the rim. His skin was a creamy colour below his neck, his back muscled, his shoulders broad. There were no scars to mar his perfection.

He hadn't picked up a fresh bar of soap or the washcloth. He was jammed into the bath, couldn’t possibly turn round and touch her. Should she do it? Yes, now was the time to show him she was no child, that this was a partnership of adults.

She glided across to pick up the soap and flannel and then paused behind him. He was aware of her presence; he shifted uncomfortably in the water as if he had cramp.

‘I thought I could wash your back if you would like me to do so.’

A kind of strangled groan came from him. Was he unwell? She dropped to his side, reaching out to hold his shoulder.

‘Don’t touch me. Leave this room at once, I wish to bathe alone.’

She scrambled to her feet in shock. Flinging the soap and flannel at his head she fled, not sure what she had done to make him so angry. His reaction renewed her fear that she had married a man with an uncertain temper.

The supper was still on two trays at the far side of the room. When her legs were able to carry her safely she busied herself setting out two places on a nearby table. She felt sick. Why had he turned against her? She didn't understand him at all.

The aroma of hot vegetable soup wafted from the tureen and her stomach rumbled. The sound of splashing next door indicated he was still occupied so she wouldn't wait for him to join her. He was bound to make her loose her appetite again and the food would be far tastier eaten hot.

First ladling herself a bowl of soup, next she piled a plate with cold cuts, chutney, cheese and bread and carried it across the window seat. The tray made an adequate table set across her lap.

She didn’t raise her head when the door opened, he didn’t deserve her attention after having been so unpleasant. She had only been offering to help him, there was no reason for him to have snarled at her.

‘I see you have made a start, is the soup as delicious as it sounds?’

Her spoon stopped in mid-air. Had she been making so much noise? She couldn’t prevent her smile. ‘It is, and if you don’t take some, I shall eat the rest myself.’

He chuckled and the atmosphere between them was once more convivial. As his wife she supposed she would have to get used to his mercurial moods. They were over quickly, and he hadn’t shown himself to be a violent man in any other way.

There had been a jug of ale provided for him and buttermilk for her. When she had completed her meal she was quite ready to forgive him for his earlier incivility. She stood up, brushing the debris from her skirts, wiping her mouth on a cotton square. She took her tray to the table by the door. ‘That was quite delicious, I feel so much better now. When you’ve finished, I'll ring and get them to remove the trays.’

‘Do it now, by the time they get here I’ll have done.’

When the maid arrived Annabel asked for the bath to be taken as well. ‘Those poor girls, they have done nothing but carry buckets up and down stairs all afternoon just so we can be clean.’

‘You’re too soft-hearted, my love. They’re paid to do such tasks and think nothing of it.’

He tossed a few logs on the fire whilst she curled up on the daybed, tucking her bare feet into the folds of her skirt in order to hide them. He was settled comfortably in the armchair opposite, in a clean shirt that was as crumpled as her gown, breeches and, like her, no stockings.

For some reason the bodice of her dress became uncomfortably tight as she stared at his long feet, seeing the strength in his toes, the corded muscles of his ankles. Why should a gentleman’s feet affect her in this way? She needed to think of other things, more mundane matters, before she lost her composure.

‘Robert, where shall we live when this business with Sir Randolph is over?’

‘Wherever you wish, I have an estate in Hertfordshire as you know, but I'm an absentee landlord, I have an excellent estate manager and the property has a skeleton staff in place. We could take a place in London, we could return to Brandon Hall or we could travel abroad for a few months.’

‘I have always longed to visit Italy, to see the ancient ruins for myself. I understand the light is clear there and the climate warm all year round. Mama would love to live in Italy, as you know she's an artist; the money she earned from selling her paintings often bought us a few extras these past years.’

‘That doesn't surprise me. Italy it shall be, my love. My perambulations around the continent didn't include that country. I wasn't lucky enough to have a grand tour, I joined the army when I finished my education. Excellent. That’s settled, and when we return, do you wish to live in my property? Or shall we live at Brandon Hall?’

‘Brandon Hall, at least at first. It’s a lovely part of the country, and the house could be so comfortable if there was money to spend on it. We already have Mary and her family to organize things for us.’ She clapped her hands to her mouth in horror. ‘Do you know, I haven't thought about Billy, Fred or old Tom these past few days? How were they when you returned?’

‘Doing well. Billy was up and about, Fred staying in bed reluctantly, and even old Tom was able to take food. However, I think it will be some weeks before he’s back to normal.’

The noises from next door had finally ceased, the bath and its contents gone. He glanced at the door and then back to her, his face serious

‘My love, there are things we need to talk about and you must listen carefully, and promise not to interrupt.’

‘Is something wrong?’ She remembered his annoyance when she had offered to wash him and her cheeks reddened.

‘Exactly so, my love. Your mother should have told you all this long ago. Do you know what takes place between a man and a woman when they are wed?’

Her eyes widened in shock. She shook her head, her throat too tight to answer.

‘I thought not. Have you seen farmyard beasts mating in the spring?’

Her cheeks flaming, she nodded too embarrassed to look at him. Whatever had possessed him to discuss such intimate matters with her?

‘It’s roughly the same process for humankind. When a man desires a woman there are changes to his anatomy that make this a possibility.’

Changes in anatomy? Males were built differently; she'd had seen these parts of her gelding, but had never thought about it in relation to a man. She couldn’t help her eyes being drawn to the area he mentioned. There was a definite bulge at the junction of his legs. To her astonishment this began to grow. She couldn't look away. What was happening to him?

Then he was beside her, his arms around her waist, his mouth covering hers. This was nothing like their previous two kisses. His mouth was hard and demanding, his tongue slid across her lips sending exquisite pleasure through her body. A delicious heat began to rise from her toes until it centred in a most unusual place.

Her mouth opened allowing him to invade its moist depths, she wanted something from him, but didn't know her what. They fell back onto the chaise-longue – there was something hard pressing against her stomach. Finally Annabel understood what he had been talking about.

She felt as if a bucket of ice had been tipped over her head. All desire vanished to be replaced by a feeling of panic. Frantically she pushed at his chest, turning her head away. ‘Let me go, you must not, you promised, let me go at once.’

Instantly she was free and he was standing by the window, his cheeks were hectic, his eyes dark, his expression almost unrecognizable. He turned his back, leaning his face against the window pane. From his rigidity she thought he must be angry again. No, not angry, Robert was in pain. Whatever happened to a man’s anatomy must obviously be painful, she still didn’t quite understand why this should be so and had no intention of asking.

She couldn't bear the thought of having her body invaded, had no intention of behaving like an animal from the farmyard. If he wished to do that sort of thing then he must find himself a mistress. The thought of what took place between a man and a woman brought back the hideous memories. Her mother’s screams were embedded on her memory, she couldn't allow herself be used like this.

‘I’m sorry if I disappointed you, but I don't wish to be your true wife. I understood that it would be an arrangement of convenience only. A gentleman would not break his word and try to persuade me otherwise.’

Not waiting for him to reply she returned to the bedchamber, pushing the bolt across. She no longer trusted him not get into her bed. She leant against the door, recalling the sensations she experienced when he kissed her, when his hands had caressed her body. No matter how pleasurable this had been, she was terrified to consummate the union.

Loving him was not enough – she needed to know he reciprocated. If he truly loved her she was sure he would never treat her badly. Now she understood why he had shouted out when she’d offered to wash his back. Just having her close by seemed to make him want to ravish her.

She shuddered. Men were no better than animals. She must remain with him until she was of age, and then demand to have the marriage annulled and seek her independence. Wherever Lord Dudley and her mother were hiding, she would find them and make her life at their side.

*

Sir Randolph decided he must quit Brandon Manor at dawn. One of the outside servants might call out the militia when they realized he had incarcerated the entire indoor staff at gunpoint in the cellar. Both carriages were waiting, the two bullyboys and the maid already in the second.

‘Hughes, do you have any idea of the whereabouts of Norwich?’

‘I questioned one of the grooms, sir, the Norwich road is the one we turned off to come here. It’s signposted about two miles from here.’

‘We’ll catch them up at some point. I only wish to take my wife and her daughter, get your men to dispose of everybody else. I want no witnesses to the abduction.’

The coach trundled off down the drive, Hughes slumped in his habitual position on one side, he in his corner on the other. Where had this Major Dudley appeared from? Brandon Hall was at the back of beyond, and Sophia and Annabel had not been out in society or he would have found them earlier. He shrugged, he cared not about such matters. In fact, he realized, he cared not about that his wife had been unfaithful to him. Annabel would still be an innocent – that was all that mattered. He intended to be the one to initiate her in the arts of the bedroom. His wife would live the life of a nun from now on; he would keep her locked away. It would be revenge enough her knowing what was happening to her beloved daughter and that she was helpless to prevent it.

He checked his pistol was primed and ready and heard Hughes do the same. Whoever this Dudley person was, he would die for his temerity.

*

Annabel tossed and turned all right, expecting at any moment to hear a thunderous knocking on the door. This didn't happen. She was left undisturbed and by the early hours felt decidedly guilty about her cavalier treatment.

The fire had burned out, the chamber was chill, and she had left him in his shirt and breeches, no blankets to cover him. She crept out of bed and removed the thick cover she had pushed to one side during the night. Outside was dark, she was sure there were still several hours till dawn. At least Robert could be warm for the remainder of the night.

She lit a candle from the embers. With the coverlet draped over one arm she unbolted the door. The room was unlit. No, not quite, the fire was still burning. Should she go in, or just throw the blanket in his direction and retreat hastily?

‘Are you coming in, my dear, or will you remain dithering in the doorway indefinitely?’

The voice coming from the darkness caused her to stub her toe painfully on the doorjamb. Her nervousness turned instantly to annoyance. ‘You frightened me, and now I’ve hurt my toe. To think I was worried about you being cold and was bringing you an extra blanket.’

The sound of his chuckles filled the room. ‘I’m a soldier, sweetheart, this is the height of luxury to me. But you have brought me a blanket, I think it’s a kind thought.’ His voice sobered. ‘You’re quite safe to come in, my love. There will not be a repeat of last night’s incident. You were right to castigate me. I took shameful advantage of you. It won’t happen again. Now, do I get that blanket or am I to remain shivering in my shirt for the remainder of the night?’

No longer scared, she hurried forward to drop the blanket into his lap. ‘There you are, Robert. I’ve hardly slept a wink. I don't like to be at odds with you. Can we be friends?’

Her eyes were accustomed to the darkness and his white shirt glowed.

‘I understand. When we know each other better, perhaps we can talk about your feelings. You might wish to do so one day. I was a brute to try and seduce you. My only excuse being I find you a most desirable woman. It’s becoming increasingly difficult for me to keep my distance.’

Hastily she stepped away. ‘In which case, sir, I’ll make sure I don't come within arm’s reach and will endeavour to remain as uninviting as I can.’

‘My dear girl, even dressed as a smelly stable lad, I still wanted you in my bed.’

He was doing it again. Her cheeks glowed and that languor claimed her limbs. Why an experienced man of the world should find her so attractive was a complete mystery. Wasn’t it her stepfather’s evil intentions towards her that had caused her mother to flee in the first place? Sir Randolph must also see something that she did not. The idea that both men should be motivated by the same base desires filled her with dismay.

She stared at her husband. ‘I am sorry you feel this way, Robert, but it’s none of my doing. In my opinion all men are beasts. I’m afraid you must learn to control your base instincts.’ Something prompted her to continue. ‘And as far as I’m concerned, if you wish to do that sort of thing, I suggest you find yourself a willing mistress. You will not get that from me, not now, not ever.’





Chapter Nineteen





The door closed with a bang and Robert’s fingers clenched. God dammit! This was his fault. He should not have forced the issue and then she would still trust him. He could have taken his time and gently wooed her. Now she saw him as some kind of monster. What had the poor girl been exposed to when she was young? Something had happened which had given her a fear of intimacy. That bastard Rushton was to blame; he had curdled her mind, turned something pleasurable and natural into an abomination.

Whatever she might think he could never be unfaithful. He had lived in celibacy before, could do so again. Their union would be consummated eventually. Annabel would learn to trust him, her natural instincts would overcome her disgust and he would be able to show her how wonderful physical love could be.

He was going to be patient until that moment arrived. He wanted her too much to give up. He smiled, no doubt she thought to claim an annulment in due course. He would never agree to it. He stretched out. In spite of his protests that he was a hardened soldier it had become damned cold in the sitting-room and the blanket was most welcome.

Robert didn't stir again until the door opened and Annabel stood there, dressed in her mother’s riding habit, eyes snapping angrily gesturing to him to get up.

‘Do you intend to lie there all day? We should have left some time ago. I have been ready this past hour, I couldn't wait for you to stir moment longer.’ Annabel glared at him.

He rubbed his bristly chin and grinned, unrepentant. ‘Am I not to have my breakfast before we leave?’

Her boot tapped the floor. ‘I'm going to make sure the horses are waiting for us. If you’re not ready, I’ll leave without you.’

His laughter followed her down the passage. Why did he not take her seriously? She met the landlord in the entrance hall and he bowed politely.

‘Shall you be wanting anything to eat before you leave, madam?’

‘No, thank you, we are leaving just as soon as my husband appears.’

Outside the yard was busy, the overnight guests preparing to depart. Where was George? She could hardly march round the stable and demand to speak to him. Then she spotted him leading Silver.

‘We must leave immediately. Are the other horses ready?’

‘They are, madam. I just need your bags to tie on. I'll bring the others round.’ He tethered Silver to the rail. At last! Robert was coming – they could depart.

They had been travelling a mile or two when she decided he was forgiven for his tardiness. ‘How far is it to Norwich, Robert? Or should I be calling you Dudley?’ She smiled. ‘Do I still have to pretend I have a broken arm and that I am my mother?’

‘No, it no longer matters. You are safe from Rushton. George’s so confused by our odd behaviour that he refers to me as sir, not using any name at all. I’m paying him well enough for each day he’s with us for him to accept whatever happens without comment.’

They set out later than expected and the time was almost noon. Several carriages drove by in both directions. They had just passed through a tollgate and were riding along a deserted strip of road when they heard the sound of a vehicle approaching at a reckless speed

‘Into the trees. Do it. Now.’

She didn’t hesitate, wrenching at her horse’s head to turn him from the road, kicking the animal again so that it broke into a gallop. She heard Robert shout to George to abandon the baggage horse and follow them. They raced towards the trees, the sound of shouts and voices behind them told them they had been seen. It was Rushton. This was the confrontation she had been dreading.

She crouched over her horse’s neck, believing she would be swept from the saddle by overhanging branches at any moment. Entering the trees at this speed was foolhardy, but their lives depended on it. Robert and George were close behind her. She was glad of that.

‘Dismount, leave the horses and get behind those trees. I’ll take care of this.’

She needed no second urging but flung herself from the saddle and dived into the dense undergrowth that surrounded the trees. She didn't stop until she was certain she couldn’t be seen from the road. Her chest was heaving, her mouth dry. From her hiding place she could see nothing, but she could hear and that was bad enough.

*

Robert checked both his pistols were ready to fire and his sword slipped easily from its scabbard. He removed his rifle from its holster on the back of his saddle. The ammunition pouch was in his saddle bag. He pushed it into his pocket. Leaving Silver with the other two horses he dropped to a crouch and ran through the trees until he was at the far end of the wood. The two coaches were stationary on the road a quarter of a mile away.

Using his spyglass he saw two rough looking men jump down from the second coach. They were carrying pistols; he hadn't expected them to be armed with more than cudgels. Then he looked at the elegant man standing beside the first coach, a smaller man at his side. Both gentlemen were also holding weapons. So, that was how it was to be. If they wanted violence, he was the man for the job. This was what he was trained for, had spent all his adult life doing.

Ice cold, ready for battle, he intended to protect his wife and the stable boy. They would not be taken and he would kill if he had to. His old skills were back. He was up to the task.

He wove in and out of the bushes confident he was unobserved until he found the vantage point he needed. He dropped to his knees, tipped ball and powder from the pouch then removed the ramrod from the barrel of his rifle. Officers were not usually experts with this weapon, but he had always thought it best to be as good, if not better, than the men he commanded. At one point he had been captain of a band of riflemen, chosen men, skirmishers, the most valuable group in the regiment.

He loaded the gun and waited. Rushton and his companion had seen the horses in the trees, they couldn’t see Annabel or the boy, but would guess they were hiding in the dense undergrowth. They would expect him to be hiding with them.

His eyes narrowed, he raised the weapon to his shoulder, they were just out of range, but he would drop them both without compunction if needs be. He turned his gaze to the henchmen who were being directed across the fields towards them. These were paid assassins; there would be no repercussions if they died.

He studied himself, aimed and fired. The retort echoed in the silence sending birds and small animals rushing for cover. Before the second man could turn and run Robert had reloaded and fired again.

He hadn't shot to kill, but to disarm and prevent further intervention from these two. The first he had shot through the shoulder, the second through the lower leg. Neither would be fatal, if attended to properly, but both would leave them hors de combat.

The rifle reloaded, he rose smoothly to his feet and strode out into the open. He was well out of pistol range. Rushton must realize he was in mortal danger. He watched as his opponent decided what to do. He strode closer, until he was in hailing distance.

‘Rushton, it’s over. You won't take Lady Sophia back with you, not now, not ever. Next time I shoot it will be fatal to the person who receives the bullet. Do I make myself quite clear?’

‘What the devil do you mean by this, Dudley? You have no right to shoot my retainers. I shall have the law on you for this. Lady Sophia is my property, Miss Bentley also within my control. I have the legal papers here.’ He patted his pocket to emphasize his point. ‘You must hand them over to me or it will be the worse for you. I shall call out the militia. You will be hung for what you have done today.’

‘I doubt it. But I’m prepared to take that risk. Your name is infamous throughout town. You are an evil bastard and I'll pull the trigger without the slightest compunction if you provoke me further.’

The men exchanged glances, and the smaller of the two began to edge towards the carriage door. ‘Follow your man, Rushton, he has the right idea.’

‘I shall not forget this, Dudley, I have a long arm, friends in high places, I shall hunt you down and have you killed.’

Robert’s finger began to close. He levelled the barrel and his opponent caved in. Rushton turned and dived into the carriage; the next moment the vehicle was thundering away and the second followed it.

Damn and blast it! He had expected the driver and groom of the second coach to climb down and collect the wounded men. What the devil was he to do with them? He could hardly leave them here to bleed to death.

He shouted to Annabel. ‘It’s safe to come out, but we have to deal with these wounded men, we cannot leave them here to die.’

The two men were inordinately grateful for his assistance, obviously expecting to be abandoned by him as they had been by their master.

‘They was fine shots, sir, ain't never seen better. You could have killed us both stone dead, I much appreciate I’m still alive.’

‘Be silent. I might change my mind.’

The man subsided, his friend merely groaned. Annabel produced strips torn from her petticoat and between them they patched their assailants up. He would have to put them on the baggage horse and take them to the nearest hostelry.

‘I don't intend to hand these two over to the authorities as we have as much to lose as they do by involving them. We’ll dump them somewhere, give them a guinea to pay their way, and then turn back and head for Brandon Hall.’

Annabel seemed unfazed by all the excitement. ‘I wonder where Sir Randolph and Hughes have gone. Surely, if we leave the two men on the side of the road, they will return for them in time?’

‘They were heading towards London, why should they return in this direction?’

He glanced over his shoulder to check the two men couldn’t have been eavesdropping. ‘No, we must take them on towards Norwich until we come to somewhere we can leave them. Then George must take care of them; I’ll give him sufficient to get himself home afterwards.’

‘Do you think my stepfather might come back? Must we still use subterfuge to be safe?’

‘It doesn't hurt be vigilant, my love. He was prepared to kill in order to take you; why else did he have pistols ready? I believe I scared them off, but I'm not taking any chances.’ He deliberately didn’t mention that Rushton intended to call out the militia and have him arrested.

Her face paled. ‘In which case, you’re right to be cautious. We must set off at once. It would be a disaster to be overtaken whilst we’re trailing along the road with the injured men.’

Fortuitously there was a substantial coaching inn only three miles down the road. He dumped the two men outside and went in to speak to the landlord. The man was quite happy to send for the doctor, and to take care of the injured men until they were well enough to continue on their journey.

Robert was pleased to know a mail coach was due to call that afternoon and could take George as far as Ipswich. From there he could hire a hack and get himself home. He made a point of saying that he and his wife were continuing to Norwich, that they must press on as they wished to be there by nightfall.

*

Annabel remained outside. She had sent George to find himself something to eat and their horses were tethered to a rail contentedly munching hay. She wandered to the side of the inn where there was a large duck pond. Robert was taking an unconscionable time sorting out the arrangements. She glanced up, there were dark clouds racing in from the coast, the weather was deteriorating. They were likely to get drenched before they completed their journey tonight.

They were going to Brandon Manor to return the hunter and to let Lady Bartram know what had happened to her brother. The sound of carriage wheels startled her. Her fingers clenched. Her stepfather was more cunning than either of them had supposed. He had turned back immediately and followed them. Too late to call for help, she must run and hide until Robert returned.

She had taken no more than three paces when she was faced by Hughes, a pistol levelled at her heart. Then her arms were seized by Sir Randolph.

‘I have you, Sophia. Where’s Annabel? It is her that I have come for.’

She might still have a chance, he had recognized the riding habit, had not seen her since she was a slender girl of fifteen summers.

‘You shall not have my daughter, you monster, she is inside with Major Dudley. He will protect her with his life.’

She had pitched her voice to exactly mimic her mother’s tones, and he didn't question it. He snarled at her and raised his fist. There was a blinding pain and her world went black.

*

Robert was still talking to the landlord when George hurtled through the door. ‘He’s took her, sir, come quick, them men are back.’

He spun, cursing his inattention, wishing he had his rifle with him, but too late for that. He erupted from the door. Two unfortunate guests, who had just alighted from their gig, were so terrified by his fearsome appearance the lady fainted and the gentleman dropped to his knees.

Robert ignored them. Rushton had Annabel in his grip, was twisting her arm and shouting. Her head was low, not looking at him directly. And then her assailant raised his fist and struck her on the temple. She collapsed in a heap of blue velvet to the ground.

His eyes misted with fury. Exploding into action he drew his sword and charged. He raised the blade, Rushton stared death in the face. The man stepped back clutching his chest. To his astonishment the man choked and fell as if pole-axed. A slight sound behind him warned him someone else was there. He turned as the other man raised his gun.

The man hesitated a second too long giving him the advantage. He lunged. His sword spitted his opponent, killing him instantly. Ignoring the shouts and gasps from behind him, he dropped his sword and picked up his wife.

Her head flopped, her face was waxy white. If she was dead, then his life was as good as over. God – no – not again! His mind spun back to that dreadful day after the Battle of Valencia.



‘Colonel, there’s a woman wants a word, sir.’

Robert shook his head. ‘Not now, Jenkins, tell her to wait. I have urgent matters to attend to here.’

His duties completed, he strode off to return home to his beloved Maria. They were due to be married the following day; she was staying in his house tonight well chaperoned by her duenna. Having her beside him would make the grim realities of war more bearable.

The door to his house was swinging open. He paused. Why wasn’t it locked as usual? He withdrew his sword, his heart hammering, and stepped inside. The bolts had been smashed; the house broken in to.

Only then did he recall that a woman had asked to speak to him. He surged forward. ‘Maria? Maria, where are you?’

A woman was sobbing above him in a bedchamber. He took the stairs three at a time, bursting in to stop, horror-struck. ‘Maria, no, Maria, sweetheart.’ He stumbled forward to fall on his knees beside the still form. Her hands were cold, her face grey. She was dead.

Her duenna screamed at him from the other side of the bed. ‘This is your fault. I came for you but you ignored me. My Maria would not have killed herself, condemned her soul to Purgatory, if you had come when I asked. Her blood is on your hands, senor.’

Maria had taken her own life? He shook his head. ‘Why, why did she do it?’

The woman raised her ravaged face. ‘Two common soldiers broke in and violated her. I ran to fetch you, but you ignored me. She took the laudanum from my room and swallowed it all. I thought her resting. If you had returned you could have told my angel that you still loved her. She would have got over the shame in time.’ The woman’s harsh sobbing filled the room.

He couldn’t cry. He was frozen. Maria had died because of his inattention. He was to blame. Leaning over, he kissed her icy lips. ‘I shall never love again, my darling; I do not deserve to be happy.’



It was happening again. Annabel must not die; he loved her. She had released him from his penance.





Chapter Twenty





‘That’s not Lady Sophia, it’s Miss Bentley.’

Robert raised his tearstreaked face to see a youngish woman, dressed in servant’s apparel. She was staring down at Annabel in bewilderment.

‘No, this is my wife, Mrs Sinclair.’ He could think of nothing else to say, his brain refused to work, to accept the fact that he was clutching the mortal remains of the woman he loved to distraction.

A rustle of material and the strange woman knelt beside him. She reached out and rested her fingers on Annabel’s neck. ‘She has a steady pulse, sir, she’s no more than stunned. Your wife is not dead.’

Slowly his world tilted back on course and he regained his equilibrium. He drew a shuddering breath, unashamed of his tears. She was alive, he had been mistaken. Thank God for that! He held her close, stroking her face tenderly.

‘Shall we get Mrs Sinclair inside, sir? She would be better resting in a chamber until the doctor can see to her.’ Doctor? Yes, had he not been sent for to attend to the men he’d wounded? Still dazed by what he had so nearly lost, he stood up holding precious burden close to his heart. The young woman led the way. Only then did he become aware of a small group of spectators who had gathered to watch him kill Annabel’s attackers. No doubt he was already a marked man: he had shot two men, butchered another and frightened the fourth to death. Still, he would do it again if anyone threatened his beloved.

The landlord greeted him at the door. ‘I have prepared a room for you, sir, follow me and I’ll take you there. I shall send the doctor directly to you when he arrives. He must deal with the other patients after he has seen to Mrs Sinclair.’

The chamber was commodious but had no separate parlour. Robert walked across to the bed and laid her down. She was pale, but not as cold as she had been. The livid bruise on her face the only evidence that she had been injured.

The young woman appeared at his side, a wet cloth in her hand. ‘Excuse me sir, but a cold compress on the injury will lessen the swelling.’

Reluctantly he stepped on one side. ‘What’s your name? How do you come to know my wife?’

The woman was leaning over Annabel holding the wet cloth against the lump. ‘I was travelling in the second coach, sir. I have been working for Sir Randolph in London for many years. I knew Lady Sophia and Miss Bentley … I beg your pardon, Mrs Sinclair. I know exactly what that monster was planning and volunteered to accompany him, hoping I would have the opportunity to help them escape, if he did find them.’

He nodded. ‘And your name?’

‘Theresa, sir.’

‘Mrs Sinclair requires a maid. Do you care to take that position?’

‘I do indeed, sir, I’m most grateful. If you would care to leave Mrs Sinclair in my care, I reckon there are things you need to do downstairs.’

He stared at the woman in astonishment. Since when had maidservants presumed to give him orders? Then he looked down at his hands, they were shaking like a blancmanger. He grinned sheepishly. What he needed was a stiff drink to steady his nerves. He had never been so discommoded in a skirmish before. He had killed dozens of men in his time, wounded hundreds more, the fact that he was in love appeared to be unsettling his system.

‘I shall do as you suggest, Theresa.’ He turned at the door. ‘However, if you wish to remain in my employ, I suggest you refrain from giving me instructions.’

He closed the door softly. He could imagine what her expression might be; he was still smiling when he reached the hall. He was finally free to love again. He wanted to shake the hand of every man he met.

He headed for the snug and found the landlord conversing happily with the two men he’d shot. They were tucking in to meat pasties and downing pots of ale and nodded and smiled at him as if he was an old friend.

The world was becoming more peculiar by the minute. Maid servants giving him instructions, men he had just shot waving and smiling at him. What next?

‘Landlord, I would like a large brandy. Also, I need to speak to the two travellers who arrived when the fracas started. I have to render my apologies to them.’

The landlord hurried over. ‘There’s no need to do that, sir, they fully understood the urgency. Mr and Mrs Jackson are in a private parlour, to the left of the vestibule. The lady has fully recovered, but I’m sure she will appreciate a visit. Shall I bring your brandy to you there?’

Robert nodded and retraced his steps. He was about to knock on the door when it opened and a portly gentleman, in old-fashioned frockcoat, stepped out.

‘Colonel Sinclair at your service, Mr Jackson. I have come to offer my apologies to you and your good wife and to enquire how she does after her swoon?’

The man offered his hand and Robert took it. The man pumped it up and down as if drawing water. ‘There’s no need to apologize, my good sir, you’re a brave man, we know the full story, and applaud your actions. My wife is fully recovered, there’s no need for you to speak to her.’

Robert could see over the older man’s shoulder into the room beyond. Mrs Jackson was sitting at a table simpering and smiling at him. Good grief! No, he would far rather not go in to her. She obviously regarded him as some sort of heroic figure.

‘In which case, Mr Jackson, if you will excuse me, I have urgent business outside.’

This was only a half lie, he did need to check on the horses, to see if George had had the common sense to get them taken care off.

The yard was empty, the horses obviously in the stables. George appeared from round the corner and rushed to greet him. ‘I ain’t never seen the likes, sir. You did for them two good and proper. How is Mrs ...err … Dudley?’

‘Mrs Sinclair has a slight concussion, George, she will be better very soon, I’m sure. I think we had better get this straight, I am Colonel Sinclair, the lady I am travelling with, is my wife. Lady Sophia and Major Dudley are, by now, safely in London I should think.’

‘I guessed something of the sort, Colonel. The landlord tells me there’s a mail coach calls in here later this afternoon. Did you want me to be on it? I can return easy enough from Ipswich. The boy eyed him hopefully. ‘I could stay on with you. In fact, if you could find a place for me permanent like, I reckon that would be suit me a treat.’

‘And your parents? Will they not wish you to return?’

The lad shook his head vigorously. ‘They’ll be right pleased to be rid of me, sir, I’ve never really settled to the quiet life. I was always after a bit of excitement. Cockfighting, prize fights, I was off if I got half the chance and a few pennies to spend.’

Robert groaned inwardly, he was becoming soft in the head. ‘Then you may stay with me. You seem to have developed a fondness for Mrs Sinclair’s gelding. There are not many grooms who can handle him. But I warn you, I’ll have no shenanigans in my employ. Is everything sorted out here?’

‘Right and tight, sir. I ain’t particular, sir, and I can sleep in a stable if I have to.’

Satisfied that the boy would take care of his horses he decided to organize the removal of the corpses. It would do no good to the landlord’s business to have bodies lying around outside. To his relief this matter had already been dealt with.

He walked over to the two carriages. The coachmen were standing about disconsolately but straightened up on seeing him. God’s teeth! Was he to employ these fellows as well? He would require a coach take them back to Brandon Hall; the second coach could take a message into London and deliver it to Dudley and Lady Sophia.

‘You there, I’m prepared to employ you on a temporary basis as I have need of a coach to transport my wife and her maid to Brandon Hall tomorrow.’

The man he addressed grinned toothlessly. His wary expression turned to joy. ‘Thank God for that, sir. We was wondering, how we was to get out on now that the master’s dead.’

‘We shall not be leaving today; I suggest you get your vehicle off the road and the horses seen to.’ The driver hopped back on the coach immediately.

Robert turned to the second vehicle, the one that had contained the two injured men and Theresa. ‘I want you to take a letter to a Lady Sophia and Major Dudley right away. I’m going in to write the missive. Are your beasts ready for another journey?’

The coachman tugged his forelock. ‘Thank you, sir, I reckon if we don’t push them, they’ll do fine.’

He turned his back on the men knowing they would scurry to his bidding. He supposed that there would be some relative to claim ownership of Rushton’s estate, but until then he would make use of his servants and coaches himself. A gig was approaching, a man of middle years at the reins. Excellent, it must be the doctor.

He waited in the yard until the man tied the reins around the post and jumped down. ‘Good afternoon, I am Colonel Sinclair, you have several patients to see and two death certificates to write out.’

The man seemed a little taken aback by his abrupt greeting. He was above average height, with florid complexion, a bald pate and grey whiskers. ‘I am indeed the doctor, sir. Smithson at your service. I received a summons to attend two men who had been shot, I had no notion there were others to see.’

‘My wife has a head injury – she’s upstairs – I wish you to attend to her first. Then there are the two men with bullet wounds. If you can patch them up I wish them to return to London today.’

‘Are the two cadavers a part of this as well?’

‘They are, sir. One body is down to me, the other to the Lord Almighty.’

Robert was tired of all these questions and answers, he wanted the man with Annabel, wanted to be certain she wasn't seriously hurt. He strode through the hostelry and up to the room. Inside, the curtains had been drawn around the bed. He couldn’t see if his darling was conscious.

‘Is that you, my love? I’m so glad, I have a shocking headache. Theresa tells me there are bodies everywhere.’

Delighted to hear her voice, he bounded to the bed snatching the curtains back to smile down at her dear face. ‘I see you’ve no need for the doctor, my darling, but he’s here anyway, so be quiet and let him examine you.’

She pulled a face and his heart flipped. He stood to one side whilst Smithson checked her over. The doctor stood back, a satisfied smile on his face.

‘No need for my interference, sir, your wife has a nasty bruise, but she has suffered no lasting harm. You can resume your journey whenever you wish.’

Robert grinned and shook the doctor’s hand. ‘I shall have you taken down to your other patients.’ He beckoned to the maid standing at the far side of the room viewing him with distinct wariness. ‘Theresa, take Doctor Smithson down to deal with the men in the snug. Then have the landlord take him to see the bodies. He smiled wryly. ‘As you appear so knowledgeable, I'll leave you to explain what took place today.’

The woman curtsied nervously. ‘Yes, sir, I shall do so at once. And I beg your pardon for speaking out of turn earlier.’

He smiled and she looked relieved. ‘You will not be needed here, make yourself useful cleaning and pressing our clothes.’

She snatched up the three bags and almost ran from the room.

*

Annabel watched this exchange with amusement. She had tried to explain to Theresa that her husband might appear fearsome but underneath he was the kindest and most understanding of men. In time they would deal famously together.

The door closed and there was an unmistakable sound of the bolt being pushed across. A wave of fear engulfed her; he had promised nothing intimate would take place between. He could not have changed his mind so soon.

Then she saw his expression, his face gentle, his eyes glowing with love.

‘My darling, I cannot tell you how I felt when I saw you crumpled on the ground. I know we married in haste, but I want you to know this isn't a marriage of convenience for me. I love you. I thought never to say this to another woman again, but I love you and pray that in time you will come to feel the same.’

She stared at him, unable to take in what he had said. He loved her? Smiling, she held out her hand to him. ‘I have loved you this age. However, things happened in my past that made me wary of intimacy.’

He dropped on to the bed taking both her hands. ‘I’m in no hurry, my love, as you learn to trust me, to be comfortable around me you will feel differently, I promise you. But I tell you this, even if we never consummate our marriage, I'll always love you, never be unfaithful. If you’re next to me and I can wake up and fall asleep with you breathing beside me, I’ll be content.’

She reached out to stoke his bristle roughened cheek. He lent his face against her hand. There was no need for words, his eyes said everything. ‘You look so tired, my love, why don’t you take off your boots and outer garments and sleep beside me? Neither of us had much rest last night, the last two days have been so frenetic we’re both quite exhausted.’

He carried her fingers to his mouth, kissing each one in turn, then lowered his head. His lips trailed tenderly from the corner of her mouth, down her neck and back again. She was melting inside, her hands slid round his neck of their own volition.

‘You make me feel so strange, I don’t understand what happens to me when you’re this close.’

‘I want to touch every inch you, my darling. But if I don't stop right now, I'll find it difficult not to take things too far.’

She gazed up at his face, deep into his eyes, then drew him down and kissed him. She loved the feel of his lips on hers. Then she pushed him gently away.

‘Come to bed, Robert, I would like to fall asleep in your arms. I owe you my life and my mother has been set free. We have the rest of our lives to get to know each other.’

‘There’s a secret in my past I must tell you. Promise me you won’t interrupt until you have heard the whole. If, after hearing this sorry tale, you no longer wish to be my wife I’ll release you.’

‘Tell me quickly, and then I shall tell you my nightmare and we can start afresh together.’

He stumbled through his story and her heart broke for his suffering. ‘Robert, how awful. It’s small wonder you were reluctant to become involved again. What happened to your first love was not your fault; you must put it behind you. I love you, I don’t blame you and you must no longer blame yourself.’

‘My darling, I can’t believe it’s over.’

Her toes curled at the intensity of his look. ‘I must tell you ...’

‘No, you must not. I know Rushton frightened you and that he mistreated your mother. Do not think of it again, my darling.’

He stood and turning his back removed his blood spattered jacket and grimy shirt, then hooked his boots off using the fender to help him. His stockings and breeches followed. At that point she thought it better to close her eyes.

A few moments later the bed dipped, but instead of feeling naked flesh against her, he climbed in on top of the linen sheet and then rolled to her side.

‘I love you, Annabel Sinclair, and I’m going to make you are happiest woman on God’s earth however long it takes.’

She snuggled up against him, resting her damaged head against his bare chest, his arm encircled her, she felt protected, loved – safe for the first time in her life.

When she woke the room was dark, lit only by the flicker of coal light. She needed the chamber pot, urgently. He was still breathing evenly beside her. Carefully she removed his arm, slipped out of bed and found what she required behind the screen. From the mantelshelf she removed a candlestick and pushed the wick into the flames. Holding this she crept across to the window and closed the shutters. The yard was quiet; it must be the middle of the night.

She was no longer tired, had been asleep too long already. But she was extremely hungry. The candle hovered above her husband. He looked younger when he was sleeping, the lines smoothed out, his face relaxed. She put a tentative finger out and traced the line of his thick eyebrows, pushing a lock of hair from his forehead.

His hand shot out and trapped her. Startled, she squeaked and dropped the candlestick on her foot.

‘Ouch! That hurt. What is it about you Sinclair, that causes me to be injured whenever I’m in your vicinity?’

There was a gentle pull, when she was close enough a second hand reached out and grabbed her waist. She was tumbled into bed to lie almost on top of his naked frame. His fingers reached out to her braid.

‘I want to see your hair loose, my love. I was dreaming about it, remembering the first time I saw you. Sit up, sweetheart, let me do it for you.’

She wasn’t sure this was sensible, his touch was sending shockwaves through her body, her very core was glowing like the embers in the fire. What was happening to her? Why did his touch make her feel light-headed? Why was the blood pulsing around her body as if she had been running in a race? Then her hair was loose. He buried his fingers in it, his hands drew her closer, closer, until his lips found hers and she forgot everything apart from the magic he was weaving around her.





Chapter Twenty-one





Robert wanted to make love to his wife, she was pliant in his arms, pressing her body against his, making him lose control.

‘Darling, I’m not going to break my word. You’re my life now, when I make love to you for the first time I want you to feel the same way as I do.’

Reluctantly he rolled over, taking her with him until she was safely on her side of the bed. He pulled the covers over and kissed her again. ‘There, sweetheart. You must go back to sleep. No, don’t touch me, I'll be unable to restrain myself if you do so.’

‘Thank you, Robert. I was feeling most peculiar for your touch has the most unusual effect on my senses.’ The bed moved and she scrambled out again.

‘Annabel, what now?’

‘I’m wide awake, I’m going to light the candles. If I remain over here, is that far enough for you? I wish we had something to eat, Robert, I'm dreadfully hungry.’

‘Don’t think about it, my love, the kitchen is closed. We shall spend the time in conversation. We have much to discuss.’

The room was fully illuminated, her hair floating around her like golden silk. He had to think of something else or he would go mad. She must remain out of his grasp. ‘I didn’t tell you, sweetheart, I sent a letter to your mother and the major about what took place here today. It went with the second coach.’

Her smile made his heart somersault. ‘That’s wonderful. With luck they will still be at the inn. Did you suggest they return to Brandon Hall?’

‘I did, my darling. You will be reunited with your mama tomorrow.’

*

She settled comfortably in an armchair, tucking her feet under her. ‘I thought we were to go abroad, to Italy? But I would much rather be at Brandon with ...’ She hesitated, embarrassed he might think she preferred her mother’s company to his. This was not the case, but she would be happy to remain at Brandon Hall indefinitely.

‘Until we know each other better, I think we should remain where you are most comfortable.’

Her eyes pricked. He looked so sad – she couldn't bear to think she was making him dejected. Why was she feeling this way? Why wasn’t she thrilled to be returning to her mama? It was too late to retract her remark. It would be safer to talk of something else.

‘Robert, I'm certain my mama and your major have formed an attachment. Do you think they will get married now that she’s free?’

‘Of course. Why should they wait for the required period of mourning? They’ve spent the past few nights closeted together, in the eyes of the world Lady Sophia is already his mistress.’

‘Both of us married, and to gentleman we only met two weeks ago! The vicar must be called, not only to perform the ceremony but to bury Great-aunt Beth in the churchyard. I’m so happy, everything has worked out perfectly.’

His expression made something burst within her. ‘All our lives have been turned upside down. We will no longer be associated in any way with the name Rushton.’ Her stomach gurgled loudly. ‘I’m going to the kitchen to find food, I cannot possibly wait until morning. I’m quite faint with hunger.’ He chuckled and looked rather pointedly at her lack of clothes ‘You’re quite right, I cannot parade around in a public like this.’ She smiled. ‘Robert, it wouldn't take a moment for you to dress. No one would think twice about meeting a gentleman downstairs. I’m sure you could discover some sustenance.’

He looked sceptical. She must convince him; she ran across the room and scrambled on to the bed to make her plea more personal. ‘Dearest Robert, please consider going down. Even bread and cheese would be wonderful.’

He was propped against the bed head with eyes closed, his shoulders gleaming white in the candlelight. All thoughts of food vanished to be replaced by a different kind of hunger. He was so beautiful. His muscles bunched as she watched. She had to touch him, put her fingers on the dark hair that curled across his chest. Without thinking she stretched over. The hair was springy, quite different from that on his head.

‘Darling girl, please desist. I’m only human, I don’t know how long I can resist.’

How curious! A delicious warmth was spreading like fire around her body. If she didn’t move she would be committed. She closed her eyes, waiting for the dark image that had haunted her for so long to invade her head. Instead of fear she felt a rush of love for this man who was not a stranger anymore but her dearest husband.

‘My love, I want to be your true wife. I don’t wish to wait.’

For a second he didn’t react, then his eyes blazed, this time she didn’t recoil. ‘Darling, are you quite sure? I love you so much, want to bury myself inside you, make you mine for ever. Once this begins I doubt I’ll be able to stop, I need you too much. It’s killing me, holding back from you.’

‘Show me how to love you. I want to share everything with you.’

His arms closed around her waist and she fell onto his chest. For several, breathless intoxicating minutes he kissed her until she burned for something more. She wanted to feel her skin against his, her nightgown was no longer needed.

‘Robert, I’m too hot.’

He didn't need telling twice. With gentle hands he gripped her gown and pulled it over her head. ‘Come closer, sweetheart, let me feel your skin touching mine. Let me make love to you.’

And he did.





A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE

BY

FENELLA J MILLER





Prologue



1812





‘Good heavens, Miss Ellie, look at the state of you! You can’t go downstairs looking like that.’

‘I had no intention of doing so, Mary, for that’s the reason I’m here.’ She could hardly stand still, her excitement making her giddy. ‘Oh do hurry, Mary,’ she complained, as her maid slipped a pale green muslin over her head. ‘I haven’t seen Cousin Leo for months and I so want to hear about the progress of the War.’

‘There, that will do, miss.’ Mary stood back to admire her young charge. Eleanor’s thick, wavy brown hair was for once, carefully constrained in a plait woven around her head. There were no longer dirty smudges marring her pale oval face and the dress, although plain, was eminently suitable for a sixteen-year-old who was not fully out.

Eleanor spun round, her large green eyes sparkling with anticipation. ‘Can I go now?’

‘Yes, love, but remember not to race down the stairs. And do try and behave like a lady.’

Miss Eleanor Marshall walked gracefully across the room determined not to arrive in the drawing-room in her usual pell-mell fashion. Colonel, Lord Leo Upminster, her Aunt Prudence’s only godson, would raise his aristocratic eyebrows and say something decidedly horrid if she did.

Eleanor paused outside the half opened drawing-room door to ensure her skirts were smooth and her hair still tidy. As she raised her hand to push open the door Lord Leo’s commanding voice could be clearly heard.

‘Good God, Aunt Pru, are you mad? If I wished to take a wife the last person I would choose would be Eleanor.’

She froze; she hadn’t intended to eavesdrop but Leo’s words cut her to the quick. She had to hear what else he was going to say. Unfortunately the murmur of her aunt’s reply wasn’t clear enough to follow but the clarion, parade ground tones of Lord Upminster’s response most certainly was.

‘That may very well be true, Aunt. However a beanpole with her head in a book and hardly a word to say for herself would not make a suitable bride for me or anyone else.’

Eleanor didn’t stay to listen to the end of the conversation. Distraught she turned and fled, her eyes wet. ‘I’ll never forgive him, never,’ she cried as she burst back into her chamber.

‘Now whatever’s the matter, Miss Ellie?’ Mary rushed forward to embrace her.

‘Oh, Mary, he said the most awful things about me. I thought Cousin Leo liked me, I didn’t realize he thought I was such an antidote.’

‘Calm down, Miss Ellie, and tell me what happened.’

Eleanor sniffed inelegantly and wiped her eyes and nose on her sleeve. ‘I didn’t mean to eavesdrop. I was checking my appearance before entering and I overheard Lord Leo.’

Mary patted her arm encouragingly. ‘Go on, tell me, what did you hear?’

‘He said I was a beanpole, a bluestocking and had nothing of value to say. He said he wouldn’t marry me as I was unsuitable and boring.’

Mary shook her head. ‘Perhaps it wasn’t quite as you heard it, miss; they could have been talking about someone else, not you at all.’

Eleanor’s chagrin was rapidly being replaced by indignation. ‘He most certainly was, Mary; I heard him use my name. He is the rudest, most uncivil, arrogant man I have ever met.’ The fact that he was the only unattached man she was acquainted with appeared to escape her attention. ‘I wouldn’t marry him now even if he was the last man alive in Christendom.’

‘Then that’s all right. If he has no wish to marry you and you don’t wish to marry him, I can’t see what all the fuss is about, Miss Ellie.’

Eleanor walked over to stare out of the window. For once the magnificent view across the open park and the green of the distant woodland failed to soothe her. There was something about the conversation she’d overheard that eluded her.

‘Good grief, Mary, Aunt Prudence must have asked him to offer for me. Why else would they have been discussing a possible union between us?’ Her question was rhetorical. ‘How dreadful! How mortifying. How could she? I will never be able to look him in the face again without embarrassment.’ Her mind made up she turned back to Mary, waiting for the next outburst. ‘Quickly, Mary, help me undress.’

‘Undress, miss? Whatever for?’

‘If I pretend I’m unwell, unable to go down, then I’ll not be obliged to face him.’

‘But what if he stays for a week? You can hardly stay in bed for so long; her ladyship would send for the doctor and you’d be discovered.’

‘He never stays for more than a night so I’m sure he will depart tomorrow. Now hurry for I wish to be in bed before someone’s sent up to fetch me.’

‘Whatever shall I say is ailing you? You were galloping all over the park on that horrid horse of yours before breakfast; you were obviously fit as a flea then, weren’t you?’

Eleanor fell back dramatically against her pillows and covered her eyes. ‘Oh Mary,’ she moaned, ‘I have the most awful megrim. Please shut the curtains and fetch me a tisane to ease the pain.’

For a moment Mary was concerned. ‘Good gracious, I almost believed you were ill, it gave me quite a turn, miss.’

She giggled. ‘You see, Mary, if I can deceive you I’ll have no trouble with Aunt Prudence. Now, draw the curtains please for we must make my bedchamber look authentic.’

*



Eleanor’s deception was consummately done and she was left to recover from her sick headache in peace.

When Lord Upminster departed, the following morning, he was unaware Eleanor had overheard his apparently unkind, words. If she had remained longer outside the room she would have realized her error. Leo had spoken in jest and had been firmly taken to task by his Aunt Prudence.

‘Come, do not jest, Leo. Ellie is at an awkward age; she will be an accomplished and lovely young woman when she is full grown.’

Leo grinned. ‘I am sure she will. However, I have no desire, at the present, to become leg-shackled and Ellie is far too young.’

‘But you are not refusing to consider it, are you, my boy? ‘

‘No, aunt, I am not.’ He glanced towards the door. ‘As Ellie is joining us, I suggest we let the matter rest.’

But Eleanor did not come down; she remained in her room and her antipathy to Lord Upminster had several years to fester, unchallenged.





Chapter One



1815



‘Listen to me, miss! You have no choice, you will marry me.’ Leo was unable to comprehend he had been roundly refused by the ill-mannered chit standing calmly before him. Eleanor’s cool detachment and apparent disdain only added fuel to his fury. She smiled slightly, the epitome of a light detachment.

Leo regained his temper. He was, as a colonel in the Light Infantry, used to having his commands obeyed, instantly and Eleanor’s refusal had so surprised him for a moment his iron control had deserted him.

‘I am sorry I raised my voice. That was unpardonable, barrack room manners I’m afraid.’ He smiled warmly hoping to win her forgiveness.

‘That is quite all right, Lord Upminster, pray do not mention it again. But I am sorry; my answer must remain the same. I have no wish to marry, not you or anyone else.’

He shook his head in disbelief. ‘Let me run through your situation once more, my dear.’ His tone was avuncular, as though talking to a child. ‘As you know on Aunt Prudence’s sad demise you became my ward and will remain thus until you marry or attain your majority.’

She nodded. ‘If I am now your ward and in your control already why do I have to become your wife?’

‘Aunt Prudence has left her fortune and Monk’s Hall to me on the understanding that I marry you. She has made you my ward to ensure I don’t allow you to undertake any hare-brained schemes, such running away to become a governess. Do you follow me so far?’

Leo continued his expression fierce as he stared firmly on the girl supposedly sitting demurely in front of him. She had not hidden her amusement as well as she had hoped.

‘The war is over; Boney’s safe on St Helena and I am out of a job. The half-pay of a colonel in peace time is not sufficient and being the second son of a duke does not, in my case, make me wealthy.’

Believing he required an answer Eleanor said politely, ‘Indeed it does not, my lord.’

He glared, daring her to interrupt again. ‘You have no money of your own and no home apart from here, and neither do I. You must understand that unless we marry at once all the money and the house will go to Aunt Prudence’s nephew, Jasper Walters. Do you want this beautiful place to fall into that dissolute scoundrel’s hands?’

Eleanor shook her head but offered no comment.

‘Good, we are moving forward it seems.’ He ran his hands through his hair, at a loss to comprehend her objection to the marriage. He had completely forgotten his words spoken three years before.

‘May I say something, Lord Upminster?’

‘Of course you can. What is it?’

‘I do understand your position. Unless we marry we will both be homeless and in my case, completely penniless. Although, I must admit I fail to comprehend why Aunt Prudence should have written such a will in the first place.’

*

She paused, her face sad as she remembered the last time she had spoken to her beloved aunt just before she died. This had been on board the ship returning them from a year-long stay in India. Aunt Prudence had fallen ill. Very soon it had become apparent she wasn’t going to recover; that the fever would prove fatal.

At that time Lady Dunston had held her hand weakly, in her own hot, dry clasp. ‘Ellie, darling, promise me something?’

‘Anything, Aunt Prudence, I would do anything you ask. What do you wish me to do?’

Her aunt’s voice was becoming weaker by the second. ‘I have left you well provided for; although it might not appear so at first, but I know what I have arranged will be for the best. Ellie….’ The rest of her instructions were lost, as with a quiet sigh, Aunt Prudence breathed her last.

If only Eleanor had known what was planned she might have been able to dissuade her aunt. She returned to the present with a start. She had no alternative. Leo, as her guardian, had already forbidden her to even consider seeking employment. She would have to marry him knowing he had as little wish for the union as she did. The dreams she had long cherished of marrying for love must now be abandoned. She had no choice; Aunt Prudence had made sure the man she had vowed never to marry under any circumstances, was now to be her husband.

She glanced nervously at the enormous, battle hardened man trying hard not to glower at her as he paced up and down the centre of the drawing room. ‘I can see, my lord, I might have been a little hasty.’ She rose elegantly to her feet and waved her hand at him in what was a gesture of reconciliation. Leo halted, raised an aristocratic eyebrow and gave an ironic bow.

‘That is, of course, perfectly possible,’ he said dryly. ‘Are we friends again, Ellie?’

Did he use her pet name deliberately? She glanced across; he was leaning against the mantel, one elegant leg resting on the fender, his cool grey eyes examining the toe of his boot. Undeniably a handsome man, but rather too uncompromising in his stance to be considered an eligible parti, she decided.

Outwardly he was the picture of relaxation and sympathy, but she knew different. She could sense the hidden tension and his implacable will; she couldn’t withstand this man. All things considered, would marriage, even one of necessity not love, be so very awful?

‘I will marry you, but it must be on my terms.’ Eleanor spoke quite clearly, her words giving no indication of the erratic beating of her pulse.

Leo straightened. His eyes glittered with satisfaction and he smiled a smile of devastating charm. ‘I am honoured, my dear, you have made me the happiest of men. Now what are these terms of yours?’

‘I wish the marriage to remain in name only. It is, after all, a union of convenience to allow us both to have a modicum of comfort and a roof over our heads.’

‘Agreed. A marriage of convenience will suit me admirably.’ He paused, his eyes gleaming in the firelight. ‘But, of course, at some stage I shall wish to set up my nursery. I want this to be clearly understood, Eleanor.’

She had no choice. ‘Yes, yes; that will be acceptable.’ Unbearably flustered she stepped back and sped in undignified haste from the room, her normal composure quite deserting her.





Chapter Two





‘Mary, you are to congratulate me,’ Eleanor said as she entered her bedchamber. ‘I have been forced to agree to the marriage. It would have been senseless to continue to refuse.’

Mary beamed. ‘I’m sure you’ve done the right thing, Miss Ellie. His lordship is a fine figure of a man and with Lady Dunstan’s fortune at his disposal he will be very plump in the pocket.’

Eleanor sighed. ‘But if he had been given a choice he would never have chosen me, you know that as well as I do. He considers me too tall, too plain and too bookish.’

‘Now, miss, I’m sure he does not. Why just look at you, you’re as pretty as a picture.’

Eleanor went over to the glass and stared critically at her reflection. ‘I am very tall.’ She smiled. ‘However, he’s several inches taller so perhaps that is not a drawback.’ She continued her scrutiny. ‘However, my bosom is rather small and my hair too thick, too dark and too heavy. To be fashionable one must be a petite, blue-eyed blonde and I fail to qualify on any of those points.’

‘You should be ashamed of yourself, fishing for compliments like that,’ Mary said, her position as both friend as well as personal maid, allowing her to speak freely. ‘You’re a lovely young woman and well you know it. And his lordship would have to be blind if he doesn’t see that.’

Eleanor smiled. ‘I have to admit I’m greatly improved from the lanky beanpole I was last time he saw me.’ She giggled as something else occurred to her. ‘And I don’t think Lord Upminster would now consider I had little to say for myself. I would hazard a guess he believes I speak rather too much. Was that the luncheon gong, Mary? I suppose I had better change, I have mud all over the hem of this gown from my walk this morning.’

Mary helped her young mistress into a gown of blue dimity, with dainty silk roses around the modestly scooped neckline and a single flounce on the hem. ‘It’s a good thing Lady Dunston insisted mourning dress was not to be worn. Black would be unflattering, especially on someone as pale complexioned as you.’

‘Although we’re not officially mourning I think the wedding ceremony cannot decently take place for another six months. That will, at least, give me time to become better acquainted with my affianced before I am obliged to marry him.’

‘And you have a trousseau to prepare, my love,’ Mary told her. ‘No bride can contemplate matrimony before that’s finished. Go on, Miss Ellie, you’re going to be late.’

Eleanor swept down stairs certain she looked her best. The three years she had spent travelling the globe with her intrepid aunt had given her the confidence and poise she had lacked as a sixteen-year-old. Aunt Prudence had fielded, and rejected, several advantageous offers during their peregrinations. Why was it only with Leo she felt gauche and ungainly?

Luncheon was served in the small dining room. A cold collation had been laid out for them on the sideboard. A reflection of the green silk damask wallpaper shimmered on the surface of the polished table making it ripple like water.

She deliberately avoided the seat opposite the mirror; she had no wish to eat her meal with a double view of his lordship. A waiting footman pulled out her chair, and she sat, placing her hands demurely in her lap.

Leo, in smart fawn breeches, polished Hessians and plain dark cloth coat looked every inch the country gentlemen. In spite of being in one of her favourite gowns she felt rather like a hedge sparrow shut in with an eagle. Leo took the chair closest to her own. The footman served them and was dismissed.

Once they were private he spoke. ‘I hope two o’clock will be convenient for you, my dear?’

‘I beg your pardon, my lord, I was wool gathering. Would two o’clock be convenient for what?’

‘For the marriage service of course, what else could I have meant?’

Marriage service? For a second she thought she must have misheard him. Had he taken leave of his senses? Too shocked to consider before she spoke, her words tumbled out. ‘Are you mad? Do you expect me to marry you after a betrothal of precisely two hours? God forbid such a thing!’ She pushed back her chair so violently it crashed to the floor. ‘That I have to marry you at all is the outside of enough. But to be expected to marry in such haste is unseemly why—’

‘Enough,’ he barked, ‘I will not be spoken to like that. You will do as you are bid, young lady, or I will not be answerable for my actions.’ He towered over her, his face set, his eyes icy. She noticed his fists were clenched as though he was having difficulty restraining himself from physically chastising her.

‘I will not marry you, not now. I don’t care if we both are ruined.’ She spun round and fled from the room for the second time that day.

Upstairs, Eleanor was still incandescent with indignation. She scrambled hastily into her blue velvet riding habit, determined to put herself as far from the loathsome man as she could. A gallop on her chestnut stallion, Rufus, would do just that.

All Mary’s entreaties failed to placate her. She would not be shouted at and treated like a child. A sharp knock at the door halted her.

‘Mary, I won’t see him. Don’t open the door; tell him I’m too upset to come.’ The knock was repeated more firmly. ‘Oh God - please just delay him - give me time to escape. Please Mary, I beg you.’

‘Very well, but I don’t think it is wise gallivanting off like this.’ Mary could see how distressed Eleanor was. ‘Go down the back stairs, quick now, before he comes in.’

Eleanor smiled her thanks and slipped into the adjoining dressing room and out through the servant’s door. Mary hurried across and opened the bedroom door a fraction.

Brown, the elderly butler, stood stiffly outside. ‘His lordship requests that Miss Eleanor join him in the dining-room right away.’

‘Miss Eleanor is too upset to come down. Please convey her apologies to Lord Upminster,’ Mary replied and shut the door firmly in his face. What his lordship’s reaction to the news would be she shuddered to think. She did not have long to wait before she found out.

Leo marched into the room without stopping to knock. ‘How the hell can I apologize if you will not come—’ He stopped suddenly aware he was talking solely to the maid. With an ominous frown he demanded, ‘Well, where is she?’

‘Gone for a ride, your lordship, she said she needed to clear her head,’ Mary replied nervously, bobbing a curtsy. Without another word he turned and, taking the stairs two at a time headed for the stables.

Meanwhile Eleanor had already reached the stable yard and with the help of a stable boy was placing the saddle upon the back of her horse. Rufus was stamping his hooves and tossing his head, affected by his mistresses’ distress.

‘Please stand still, Rufus darling, or we’re never going to be away in time.’ The saddle safely secure she led the excited horse out of the box. Without waiting for her groom to throw her up she scrambled onto his back. A feat she couldn’t have accomplished if she hadn’t been wearing an invention of her own, a divided skirt. Moments later she was gone, leaving the young man standing open mouthed in the empty stable yard.

Leo ran into the yard hoping to find his errant bride still there. ‘Saddle, Hero,’ he ordered. ‘No forget that! I will do it myself,’ he said to the startled groom. Years of saddling up in seconds meant he was astride and off scarcely minutes after Eleanor had left.





Chapter Three





The wind whipped Eleanor’s hair out from under her hat. Ears flat, neck outstretched, Rufus thundered along his huge hooves dislodging clumps of turf. Oblivious to danger, or decorum, she urged the powerful stallion on; their mad gallop suiting the mood of both.

‘Steady, boy,’ she called, gently reining in; ‘we must meet the next one straight.’ The rapidly approaching, dense, hedge was at least six foot high and easily four foot wide. This was a formidable obstacle for any but the most experienced and skilled of riders. The jump presented no problem to her; the horse responded instantly to the slight check on his reins and gathered himself to jump. She sailed over with inches to spare and continued her ride.

She became aware of the drum of rapidly approaching hoof beats. She glanced over her shoulder knowing already who she would see. She crouched and urged Rufus to go faster. There was no horse or rider on this earth, she believed, that could catch her. To her utter astonishment the long grey nose of Hero appeared at her heel. Then a hand reached out and caught her rein and her headlong ride was over.

Leo leant back hard in the saddle forcing both horses to slow to a more manageable canter. Eleanor, defeated, also sat back and eased her mount to a standstill. She remained, staring straight ahead, waiting for the storm to break over her head.

‘My God, you can ride, Ellie. How much do you want for this horse? He is magnificent.’ He swung smoothly from the saddle and looping his reins over his arm, gave Rufus a resounding slap on his sweat streaked neck.

‘Nothing, he is not the sale.’ she replied laughing, relieved she wasn’t to have a peal rung over her. She joined him on the ground. There she flung her arms around her horse’s neck and by so doing transferred a large portion of mud to her own face. ‘Silly boy. Don’t tread on my toes please.’ She tried to step back but found there was a solid obstacle preventing her. Aware immediately Leo was blocking her retreat, she froze and turned to face him.

‘Well, little bird; it appears your flight is over.’ His voice slid like silk across her muddy face. He placed a fingertip under her chin and tilted her head. ‘Look at me, Ellie. Surely you’re not afraid?’ He smiled down, his grey eyes alight with laughter. He drew her into his arms and dropped a gentle kiss on the top of her head.

Involuntarily Eleanor leant back against her horse, away from Leo, startled by his unexpected gesture of affection. Rufus stepped forward. The solid wall of horseflesh supporting their weight, being so abruptly removed, the inevitable happened.

She started to fall backwards into the space created by the departure of the horse. Leo, still holding her arms, was unable to prevent her fall but spun them around and braced himself to take the impact. They landed with an inelegant thud on the ground.

‘God’s teeth!’ he swore, as the breath was knocked from his body. ‘Dammed animal! Are you all right, Ellie?’ She struggled to free herself from the tangle of legs and arms they had become. Her flailing limbs were not unnaturally making matters worse. ‘Eleanor, be still.’

She responded immediately to the authority of his voice and was quiet. He sat up taking her with him and then carefully unravelled the full skirt of her riding habit from around his legs.

‘Good girl, now you can stand up.’

Embarrassed, she scrambled to her feet eager to put as much distance between herself and the smiling giant still spread-eagled on the ground. Leo sprung lithely to his feet openly laughing at her discomfiture.

‘How dare you laugh at me? You ought to be ashamed of yourself. If you had behaved like a gentleman none of this would have happened.’

‘Ellie we’re engaged to be wed; it’s permissible for me to kiss you before our nuptials, you know.’

She snatched the reins of her mount from his hand and before he could interfere she had vaulted into the saddle. She glared at her betrothed with dislike. ‘That is possibly the case, Lord Upminster, where affections are involved. It is not in a marriage of convenience. I had thought you a man of your word. Perhaps I was mistaken’

All sign of amusement vanished instantly from his face at this scathing attack on his honour. He stepped up and placed a restraining hand on the bridle of her horse. His eyes held hers and his words were delivered with the same impact as a slap.

‘This is the second time today that you have insulted me. There will not be a third…do I make myself clear?’

Her bravado melted under the onslaught of his anger. She gulped nervously, her face devoid of colour. ‘Yes, my lord, I apologize.’

‘Very well, I will say no more on the subject.’ He released his hold and whistled to his own mount grazing unconcerned a few yards away. Hero trotted over, ears pricked, eager to return to his stable. Leo sprung into the saddle and, gathering his reins, turned to Eleanor waiting meekly beside him. ‘Come, Eleanor, let us return,’ he said, his tone formal. ‘We are both in need of a change of clothes and some refreshment.’

The ride back was completed in awkward silence. She had no wish to speak to the formidable man riding beside her; she had experienced two severe set-downs already. She waited to be dismounted and then hurried off to the house not wanting to spend a moment longer than she had to in his company.

She had almost reached the rear entrance when she realized the small detail of their wedding had not been discussed. She stopped in her tracks, and then hesitated, unwilling to turn back and initiate a conversation on the subject. There was a light footfall behind her.

‘Stop dithering in the doorway, Eleanor.’ His voice held no trace of his former disapproval.

She decided to risk it. ‘My lord, we have to talk.’

‘Yes, certainly, but not here, if you please.’ He placed his hand in the small of her back and ushered her into the house. She attempted to speak again. ‘No, my dear, I refuse to discuss anything in the passageway. Let us repair to the library; we’ll be private in there.’

A footman materialized at the door and opened it for them. Eleanor was, by now, thoroughly unnerved for Leo’s changes of mood were as random as the weathercock. She marched to the furthest end of the room and sat on the window seat. He remained standing, eying her speculatively from his position in the centre of a handsome Indian rug. He raised an interrogative eyebrow and smiled encouragingly.

‘Why do you wish us to be married today?’

His answer was as brief as her question. ‘Until we are wed we are virtually penniless and there are pressing bills to be paid.’

‘But why today? I can’t see how a week or two will make much difference.’

He thought for a moment and then nodded. ‘Very well. I have no wish to cause unhappiness. We will be married in two weeks.’

She could hardly believe her ears; he had capitulated without demure. Two weeks wasn’t long, indeed she would have preferred longer, but at least it would give her time to assemble a trousseau and find a dress fit for such an important occasion.

‘Thank you, my lord. I do understand the urgency of the situation; it’s never comfortable to be in debt. But now I will have time to prepare my bride clothes.’

‘Bride clothes? Good grief, how could I have been so stupid? I had quite forgotten young ladies require to refurbish their wardrobes at such a time as this. Please forgive me, Ellie, I promise I’ll learn to behave more like a civilian and less like a soldier. Just give me time.’ His smile of apology made him appear younger and less austere.

There was one more point upon which she wished to be put straight. ‘My lord—’ she got no further as he interrupted her.

‘Eleanor, I believe it will be quite acceptable for you to address me by my given name. Even Cousin Leo would do; I am becoming a little tired of your constant, ‘my lords’.’

‘Very well, my … Leo, I must suppose you had already obtained a special licence to allow us to be wed today. As we’ve now postponed the day, are you intending to invite any of your family?’

‘It had not occurred to me to do so. But no doubt my brother and his insufferable wife would be delighted to attend. Are you sure you wish me to ask them, she is quite impossible you know?’

She giggled at his frank appraisal. ‘I believe a wedding with no guests might look a little odd’

‘I don’t see why, but I bow to your superior knowledge. No doubt Aunt Prudence brought you up to snuff. She might have been an eccentric, but she was always au fait with current fashion and the ways of the haut ton.’ He said this with such distaste Eleanor burst out laughing.

‘Did you never go about in town, Leo? Have you never visited Almack’s and seen the debutantes on parade?’

His shout of laughter startled her. ‘God forbid! I would rather spend an hour having teeth pulled than venture into such a place.’ Their conversation was disturbed by a tentative tap on the door. ‘Come in,’ he snapped, obviously displeased by the interruption.

‘Excuse me, my lord,’ Brown said obsequiously, ‘Will you be requiring any refreshments to be served?’

‘Yes, indeed, thank you. Put something cold out in the yellow drawing-room.’ He turned enquiringly to Eleanor. ‘Will you be ready to eat in twenty minutes, my dear?’

‘Of course, I hadn’t realized how ravenous I was until you mentioned it.’ Brown held open the library door to allow her to pass.

As she reached the exit Leo spoke, his tone still open and friendly. ‘Eleanor, it had not escaped my notice that you ride astride and unaccompanied. You will not do so again. Is that understood?’

She halted; about to make a heated protest but catching the steely glint in his grey eyes refrained from comment.

She took a deep breath and managed a calm, if ambiguous, response. ‘I understand perfectly, Leo. Now pray excuse me, or I shall be late.’





Chapter Four





‘My goodness, miss, whatever’s happened? Did you take a tumble?’ Eleanor’s maid greeted her dishevelled appearance with concern.

‘Yes, but not from Rufus, I slipped in the mud when dismounting. Only my habit has suffered, I assure you.’

Eleanor heard Mary muttering something about ‘ruining good clothes and skylarking about’ as she sank gratefully under the steaming, scented water of her bath.

She lay back, preferring to submerge her shoulders and have her knees above the water, it being impossible to stretch out in the hip-bath prepared for her in the dressing-room. She would ask Leo to install a bathing room when they were wed, that’s if he thought to ask what she wanted for a bride gift.

Reluctantly she stepped out and allowed Mary to envelop her in a warm bath sheet. ‘Lord Upminster and I are to be married two weeks today. Will we be able to make up sufficient new gowns and undergarments by then?’

‘Lawks, Miss Ellie! I know you’re a marvel with the shears and needle, but a whole trousseau in two weeks? We’ll never do it on our own!’

Eleanor laughed as she dried herself briskly. ‘I know that. I thought I would employ some women from the village and also get the help of any housemaids who can sew.’ She quickly donned her clean white undergarments; glad the new fashion no longer necessitated that a girl as slim as she wore a restricting corset. The high-waisted, loosely flowing lines of the current fashion admirably suited her tall, slender build. The pale green, sprigged- muslin worn over an underskirt of yellow silk was a fine example of a gown she had cut and made herself.

The pictures displayed in such publications as La Belle Assemblée had always been sufficient inspiration for her to cut and make what she needed, and to remain in the forefront of the present mode. In a gown that matched the green of her eyes she hurried out of the room, unwilling to miss a meal for the second time in as many hours.

The food had been set out on small tables, as instructed, in the yellow drawing room. This was the room both Lady Dunston and Eleanor preferred to use when they had no guests. In spite of her rush, Leo was there before her.

‘At last; I don’t think I could have lasted another minute without sustenance.’ The rebuke was spoken teasingly and she couldn’t take offence.

‘I must apologise, my … Leo, it’s always so hard to leave the comfort of one’s bath.’ She stopped, appalled, her face crimson. How could she have been so immodest as to mention her bath? Nobly he kept his face straight and refrained from commenting.

‘I have been thinking about your trousseau. Even I know enough to realize fashionable gowns and fripperies don’t come cheap.’

Eleanor interrupted him, glad for once she could have something to say that would please him. ‘Do you mean a gown like this, Leo?’ She spun round allowing the daffodil yellow under-slip to show beneath the green.

‘Indeed I do. It’s a beautiful confection, Ellie, and must have cost your Aunt Prudence a small fortune.’

Eleanor crowed with delight. ‘You are wrong! This dress cost almost nothing, I made it myself.’

If she had announced she was a devil worshiper he could not have been more astonished. ‘I don’t understand. My...’ Leo hesitated, considering it indelicate to mention the name of his most recent ladybird in front of his betrothed. ‘My brother has often repined the cost of keeping his wife at the pinnacle of fashion is bankrupting him. Why does Sophia not make her own clothes and save them a fortune?’

She shook her head, his ignorance of matters female not surprising her in the least. ‘I am an exception, Leo; there are few women of rank who would have the skill, or the inclination, to do as I’ve done.’ Relaxed in his company for the first time, she led the way over to the enticing spread. ‘Shall we eat as we talk? It looks delicious and I for one could eat a bear.’

He chuckled at her unladylike expression. ‘Minx,’ he said affectionately, ‘be seated and I’ll bring you a plate.’

Eventually replete she dropped her cutlery noisily. ‘I couldn’t eat another morsel. I do hope Brown has the sense to delay dinner; it’s almost three now and I’m certain I’ll be unable to contemplate further food a moment earlier than eight o’clock.’

Leo finished his last forkful of game pie before replying. ‘I admit Brown is somewhat stiff and formal but he is neither unobservant, nor a fool. I’m sure when he sees what inroads we’ve made; he’ll draw his own conclusions and ask Cook to make the necessary adjustments in the kitchen.’ He pushed his empty plate away, stood up and offered his hand to Eleanor. ‘Come Ellie, shall we sit by the fire? You can reveal to me the secrets of a top modiste.’

She declined to take his outstretched hand; she didn’t like the strange sensation such contact aroused. ‘There are no secrets my… Leo.’ She was finding it hard to use his given name. ‘I discovered in India that I had a talent for design and dressmaking. Material is inexpensive and plentiful out there and Aunt Prudence and I spent weeks wandering in and out of bazaars buying silks, cottons, muslins and all the threads, braid and ribbons to complement them.’ She glanced across to check that her long speech on so feminine a subject had not sent him to sleep.

He smiled encouragement. ‘Go on, I am absolutely riveted.’

‘Humbug!’ she exclaimed giggling. ‘But you did ask so I will complete my tale. There was little to do during the hot afternoons except sleep. So I learnt to cut and sew and then, as I became expert, to make all our new clothes. Mary, and Smith, Aunt Prudence’s abigail, did the bulk of the sewing. My task was mainly to design, cut and finish.’

‘I’m impressed,’ he said as if he meant it. ‘I imagine there can be few ladies of quality who have such a talent. You made your own wardrobe from choice, rather than necessity?’

‘Of course, but as you know I grew up in different circumstances to these. I learned to economise and make do very early in life. Although Papa’s income was modest we managed quite well. I could never be comfortable living in excessive luxury when others under my protection did without.’

‘Noble sentiments, my dear, but you had best keep your radical thoughts to yourself in company.’

Eleanor looked, with exaggerated care around the empty room. ‘I wasn’t aware that we had company; but I assure you when we do, I’ll refrain from commenting on the lamentable conditions that many of the tenants’ of wealthy landowners are forced to live in.’ This was a matter dear to her heart and not even Leo’s disapproval would stop her expressing her feelings.

He raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. ‘Enough, little firebrand; I’m on your side, you’re preaching to the converted.’

‘You are?’ Her face was illuminated by her smile. ‘I hadn’t realized. I’m so glad you agree with me. There is so much good we can do once Aunt Prudence’s legacy is released.’

‘This returns us nicely to an original point. I’ve spoken to the vicar and a letter is on its way to invite my brother and his wife to attend the ceremony. Will you be ready in two weeks?’

‘The matter is already in hand.’ She smiled a second time in his direction quite unaware of the effect she was having on him. ‘Or at least it will be if you will excuse me to attend to it.’ She rose gracefully as she spoke.

Leo surged to his feet and politely bowed. ‘I’ll see you at dinner, Eleanor. I’ve business to see to but will be in the study if you need me.’



Ten minutes later Eleanor and her maid crept quietly up the back stairs each carrying a candelabrum, not wishing to attract the attention of the servants. Eleanor wished to search through the trunks of exotic garments and materials that were stored in the attic.

Brown would be scandalized by her intention. No lady of quality would dream of visiting such a place; a footman should be sent to remove the trunks for her. That course would take too long and she was determined to find the things she needed immediately. The attic door opened easily with no squeaking to alert a watchful servant.

‘Give me your candles, Mary. I’ll hold them up so you can see.’ The combined light flooded the space allowing them to explore to the furthest corner. The steeply pitched roof meant only the centre of the room was tall enough for Eleanor to stand upright. Mary, a head shorter, was able to search more easily, the danger of banging her head much less.

‘Here we are. I’ve found the ones we want, Miss Ellie. There must be a dozen stacked away over here.’

Eleanor carefully balanced the candelabrum on a nearby shelf and joined Mary on the floor. The trunk lids were flung back, the resulting clatter ignored in her eagerness to examine the contents. She was so immersed in her discovery she failed to hear the attic door open.

‘What in God’s name are you doing up here?’ Leo snapped from behind her.

Startled she jumped up and cracked her head on a beam. ‘Ouch! That hurt… that really hurt.’ She moaned and sank back to the floor clutching her head in her hands.

He was immediately contrite. ‘Here, Ellie let me see. What have you done?’ He tried gently to prise her hands away. ‘Please, little one, I cannot help you, if you will not let me look.’ He spoke soothingly, as though to a small child injured in a playtime fall.

She looked up removing her hands as she did so. She glared directly into his sympathetic eyes. ‘Go away, Leo, there’s nothing wrong with my head. I was merely demonstrating to you the stupidity of yelling and scaring a person half to death.’

He sat back on his heels, from his expression unable to decide whether he was exasperated or amused by her antics. He smiled. ‘Ellie, you are an idiot! You could have hurt yourself.’

‘Exactly! So please keep the parade ground voice for your soldiers, in future, my lord,’ she replied, her smile quite disarming him.

He sighed. ‘I give in. I’m sorry I shouted at you. Next time I find you rummaging through old clothes in the attic, giving an excellent impression of a burglar, I will enquire politely and quietly, what on earth you are doing.’

‘Burglar? Did you think we were burglars? How ridiculous! As if a burglar could get up here in daytime without being seen! I’ve never…’ She collapsed, unable to continue, made helpless by laughter.

He scowled down at her sitting cross legged in front of him, totally unfazed by his frown. He got to his feet, deftly avoiding the beam, obviously perplexed by her behaviour .‘I’ll leave you to your work,’ he said a little stiffly. ‘Is there anything I can do for you before I depart?’

‘Thank you; could you arrange for some footmen to carry these trunks down to the ball room.’

‘Ball room?’

She attempted to rise, finding she was acquiring a crick in the neck conversing with him from her position on the floor. Unfortunately her dress had become entangled around her feet and she pitched, headfirst into him. For the second time that day they fell full length on the floor..

‘Good God, Ellie! You’re beginning to make a habit of this!’ Leo exclaimed when he had recovered his breath. She opened her eyes to find them inches away from his. The feel of his arms holding her steady and the touch of his warm breath on her cheeks was sending her blood fizzing around her body.

There was a small, discreet cough, from above them. ‘Excuse me, Miss Eleanor, are you hurt by your fall?’ Mary enquired.

He carefully pushed her aside then regained his feet and pulled her up beside him. From the glitter in his eyes he was fully aware of the effect he had on her. ‘I’m sorry, my dear,’ He stepped away. ‘If you’re unhurt, I’ll go at once and organize the men to remove the trunks.’

He turned to go but she called him back. ‘Leo, why did you think we were burglars? Surely you couldn’t hear us in your study?’

‘Of course not – I was dragged from my work by a footman who informed me that there were burglars in the attic. And as my manservant was already sent on an errand, I had to investigate the matter myself.’

She smiled and waved him on his way. He closed the door with a decided snap.





Chapter Five





Inclement weather for the next few days meant Eleanor was able to devote all her time to the construction of her bride clothes. The ball room now resembled a dress maker’s workshop. She had even discovered the wife of the village blacksmith had been a milliner for a prestigious London emporium and the woman was more than happy to make as many poke, or chip-straw bonnets as required.

Already her willing band off seamstresses had made all the necessary petticoats, camisoles and nightrails she would require. Also finished were a second riding habit, three walking dresses with matching pelisses and three day dresses in Indian muslin. Almost complete was her first fashionable evening gown. The girls were hurrying to stitch the cream silk Eleanor was intending to wear for her wedding.

‘I do believe it’s stopped raining at last, I’m desperate for some fresh air and exercise after being cooped up in here for days.’

Mary immediately left her sewing to join her mistress at the French doors. ‘It will still be wet underfoot, miss; you’ll ruin your gown.’

‘I’m not going to walk, I’m going to ride. Rufus must be as eager as I am to get out into the sunshine.’

Less than twenty minutes later Eleanor arrived in the stable yard. She hadn’t forgotten she was forbidden to ride her horse astride and ordered the groom to fetch a suitable side saddle.

‘He don’t like the looks of this, Miss Eleanor,’ Matthew warned, watching the huge chestnut horse back away stamping his hooves angrily.

‘Let me do it. Maybe he’ll be quieter for me.’ She approached her horse, speaking softly to him as she advanced. ‘There… there… Rufus; steady boy, I’ve nothing here that will hurt you.’

The horse settled at the soothing sound of her voice and he allowed her to place the side saddle on his back. The girth was quickly fastened and the single leather adjusted to fit.

‘Up you go, Miss Eleanor,’ The young man said and expertly tossed her into the saddle. She had no time to place her foot in the iron or shorten her reins before Rufus exploded. The unaccustomed shape and strange stance of his rider was too much for his fiery nature. Bucking and cavorting he shot across the yard depositing her on the cobbles. From her undignified position on the ground she pulled hard at the reins and spoke sharply to the frightened horse.

‘Be quiet, Rufus. Enough, stand boy…stand.’ The stallion froze in mid buck suddenly aware his beloved owner was speaking to him from beneath his hooves. His head came up from between his legs and he nuzzled Eleanor as if puzzled by her unexpected position.

‘Stupid horse,’ she scolded crossly and pushed his nose away. A terrified groom appeared by her side and unsure whether to take the horse or assist her to her feet; he attempted to do both and succeeded in neither. Rufus, freshly startled, snatched the reins from his hand.

She scrambled to her feet ignoring Matthew’s tentative gesture. Once again she spoke steadily to the horse. ‘Stand still, Rufus. Stand.’ The horse calmed and waited quietly for her to gather his reins firmly in one hand. She patted his sweaty neck and made soothing noises. The hated side saddle was now hanging askew. ‘Remove this and put my normal one on please. I don’t think it will be possible to ride side saddle after all.’

‘Yes, Miss Eleanor, right away.’ Rufus was re-saddled in minutes and the groom, for the second time, tossed her aboard. He mounted on a showy bay hack and they set off together; he following a respectful distance behind.

Eleanor knew she had ignored Leo’s instructions but felt she had no option. If her horse wouldn’t accept a side saddle then there was little she could do; no one else could ride him safely and the horse needed to be exercised. As she wasn’t riding unaccompanied she had only disobeyed one instruction after all.



She had a glorious ride, the going perfect for galloping and jumping. When she returned to the stable two hours later the watery, late October sun was setting. Leaving Matthew to take care of Rufus she ran back along the path praying fervently her escapade had gone unnoticed.

The long corridor was empty; no sign of Leo waiting to reprimand her for her actions. ‘Thank goodness I’m undetected. It’s possible I’ll be able to explain what happened. Maybe he will understand why I had to disobey him, ‘she said to herself.

She slipped quietly up the backstairs and hurried into her bedchamber. Mary had left her bath gently steaming in front of the dressing-room fire and her clean garments were ready on the stand. Without waiting for her abigail to answer the summons of the bell Eleanor undressed and stepped into the waiting water.

Mary arrived a few minutes later, her face pale. ‘Oh, miss, why did you do it? His lordship is so angry with you.’

Eleanor’s heart sank and she shivered in spite of the warm water and roaring fire. ‘How can he know? Who could have told him?’ She got out as she spoke and grabbed the towel from Mary’s outstretched hand.

‘Not half an hour ago he came to the ballroom to speak to you and when he discovered you’d gone riding he went off to find you. He must have seen you. No one would carry tales to him, you know that.’

‘I don’t see how he could have done, not without me knowing.’ Then she remembered. ‘He would have seen the man’s saddle had gone and the side saddle was still there.’ She frowned and then smiled ruefully. ‘It’s too late for speculation. I must go down and face the music. I do hope he’s calmed down a little.’

To a casual observer she presented the appearance of fashionable young lady without a care in the world. Her face reflected none of the panic she felt at the thought of her forthcoming interview with an irascible colonel more used to recalcitrant troopers than young ladies. Her legs were trembling as she walked sedately to the library and she feared her hands would be shaking too much to allow her to open the door. She knocked, wishing she could disappear, be anywhere but there.

‘Come in.’ Leo commanded. She pushed open the door and stepped in her head held high, determined not to show how frightened she was.

‘I gather you wish to see me, Leo,’ she said politely.

He strode down the room towards her, his face set, his eyes as cold as the sea. ‘Do not stand there, Eleanor. Come in and close the door. What I have to say to you, I wish to say in private.’

She walked across the room and sat down on a straight backed chair, thankful her legs had managed to carry her that far. He followed her but didn’t sit; instead he turned and faced her, his back to the crackling fire.

He opened his attack without preamble. ‘I expressly told you not to ride astride; you disobeyed me.’ His expression was grim and she decided now wasn’t the time to offer an explanation. She hung her head, hoping her apologetic posture would soften his heart. It did not. ‘It’s too late for remorse, young lady. As your legal guardian and your betrothed, I have a right to be obeyed. Look at me.’

Miserably she raised her head and met his eyes. She flinched from the anger there. ‘I have decided you will not ride at all until I give you leave. Not astride, not side saddle, not at all. Do I make myself clear?’

‘Not ride? You cannot mean that!’

‘I mean it. All the grooms have been told that if they have the temerity to disobey they will be turned off, instantly.’

She was aghast. She was the only one who could ride her stallion; he trusted and loved her. How would he feel if she abandoned him to stand in his loose box all day and every day? He had been used for stud during her long absence and it had taken weeks to accustom him to being ridden again. Her face reflected her worry and he watched, his mouth tight, his expression uncompromising.

‘And,’ he continued harshly, ‘I would strongly advise you to forget any plan you might have to tack-up for yourself.’ His eyes bored into hers; she was unable to look away. ‘I’ve never raised my hand to a female but will not hesitate to do so if I am disobeyed again, Eleanor.’

‘You would beat me? Are you saying you would beat me if I don’t do as you say?’ Her voice was scarcely above a whisper.

‘That is exactly what I’m saying. If you persist in behaving like a spoilt brat you can expect to be treated as one.’ He turned his back on her thus ending the conversation.

Eleanor, chastened beyond belief, slipped out of the room tears spilling unchecked down her cheeks. Knowing Mary would be waiting in her bedchamber she fled along the corridor and out through the side door into the garden, desperate to find a place of solitude; to hide away to cry out her misery in private.

She ran across the grass, her silk slippers soaked in seconds and the hem of her dress dragging in the damp. Exhausted she collapsed inside a hidden arbour at the far end of the extensive rose garden and dropped her head into her hands. She wasn’t crying because she was unable to ride, that was a hardship she could endure; she wasn’t crying because her beloved horse would go unexercised - a groom could turn him out. No, she was weeping for her lost dream.

Her marriage was never going to become a union based on love and respect. How could she live happily with a man who would impose his will by physical force? A husband had the right in law to chastise his wife, but she had never dreamt Leo would wish to exercise that right. Then she remembered the unkind words she had overheard three years before and her sorrow turned to anger.

The tears dried on her face. ‘How dare he talk to me like that? I’m not his daughter and neither am I his wife, yet. I’m nineteen years of age and I will not be bullied by a redundant soldier.’ She had spoken aloud and her words gave her courage. She stood up aware she was shivering, not from fear as before, but from cold. The sun had fully set and a soft persistent rain had started to fall.

Eleanor left the safety of her hiding place and hurried back through the rapidly darkening garden well aware her prolonged stay outside in nothing more than a thin muslin dress was hardly sensible. She ran the risk of sustaining a head cold or worse if she didn’t get into dry clothes soon.

She hoped to be able to slip back indoors and gain the security of her bedchamber without further confrontation. As she stepped, a bedraggled and miserable picture, through the side entrance she came face-to-face with the one person she most wished to avoid.

‘Sweet heaven! Where have you been, Ellie?’ Leo’s voice was full of concern, his face etched with worry. ‘Look at you; you’re soaked and shaking with cold.’ Not waiting for an answer he swept her up into his arms and carried her, too tired and cold to protest, upstairs where Mary would be waiting with warm clothes and a hot drink. He shouldered his way in and placed Eleanor gently down in front of the roaring fire. ‘Little idiot,’ he growled. ‘Why did you run off like that?’

She lifted her white face and said bitterly, ‘You said you would beat me. How can I marry someone who would do that to me?’

He pulled her roughly into his arms and hugged her fiercely. ‘I was angry. I have the devil’s own temper and I spoke out of turn; I am not used to being gainsaid. I would not hurt you, little bird, whatever I might say. I will never raise a hand to you, I give you my word.’

Eleanor wriggled out of his embrace. ‘But I believed you, Leo. You frightened me.’

‘I’m sorry, Ellie. I shouldn’t have threatened you, that was wrong.’ He gave her a little shake. ‘But, my dear, my instruction still stands, you will not ride until I give you leave.’ She opened her mouth to protest, but seeing his expression decided to remain silent. ‘I will leave you to change; I’ll see you at dinner, we need to talk.’

She allowed Mary to strip the sodden garments from her but her mind was far away, trying to adjust to yet another change in her relationship. One minute he was threatening to beat her, the next holding her close to his heart and calling her, ‘my dear’. What was going on? He would have to decide whether he wished to treat her as a woman grown or a child. She wouldn’t allow him to continue to confuse her like this.





Chapter Six





Dinner was to be served at the fashionable hour of eight o’clock much to the dismay of the staff who were all more used to country ways. Eleanor had spent an hour or so resting in her bed with a hot brick at her feet not wishing to catch a chill from her soaking. Mary woke her with a dish of tea.

‘What time is it, Mary? I must have fallen asleep.’

‘It’s almost seven, miss, plenty of time before the dinner gong. Have you decided what you wish to wear tonight?’

‘It’s a shame my new rose-crepe dinner gown isn’t completed; that would be perfect.’

‘But it is, Miss Ellie. One of the girls finished the hem this afternoon and I pressed it whilst you were resting.’

Eleanor jumped out of bed, her drink disregarded on the side table. ‘Let me see it please.’

Mary held it up for inspection. The gown had been designed to fit tight over the bosom and the tiny cap-sleeves were exquisitely embroidered with dainty rosettes made from ruby red bugle-beads. The neckline was quite daring and decorated in the same style as the sleeves. The skirt fell in shimmering folds, the beads embroidered on it swirling from bodice to hem and the back was finished with a small train.

‘How beautiful, Mary. I can’t believe it has turned out as well as this. Are you sure the red beads are not too much? After all, red is considered rather a fast colour.’ It was a sophisticated dress, a dinner dress for an adult and Eleanor was unsure whether she was ready to wear it.

‘It’s perfect, lovey, and it will look wonderful on you. My, you’ll have his lordship’s eyes out on stalks when you go down in this.’

Eleanor didn’t want Leo to have such a reaction. When he looked at her in that sort of way she became flustered and hot. She thought she preferred him angry then at least she knew where she was.

The gown looked even better on. Mary put Eleanor’s hair up in a knot on top of her head, allowing a few curls to escape each side. They had found a necklace of garnets and matching ear drops which complemented the outfit admirably. The ensemble was completed with elbow length gloves in the exact shade of the beads and rose-crepe slippers embroidered to match.

She stood, enchanted, in front of the full-length glass. The dress made her appear beautiful - like an exotic foreign princess, not herself at all. The dinner gong sounded, the harsh noise reverberating throughout the house. For once she was eager to go down; she couldn’t wait to see Leo’s reaction to her new finery.

She glided down the stairs, her feet barely touching the steps, her head high and her eyes sparkling. He was waiting in the hall, his back to her, staring pensively into the fire.

‘I am sorry if I have kept you waiting, Leo.’ Eleanor spoke softly as she came towards him. He turned slowly to face her and stopped, arrested, his eyes widened and his jaw dropped.

‘My God, you look ravishing, my dear.’ He took her hand in his and raised it to his lips. The gentle touch of his mouth sent a flash of heat down her arm. She had hoped to make an impression, to show she was no longer a child, but the darkness in his eyes was equally disturbing.

She removed her hand. ‘This is the first of my new dinner gowns. I’m glad it meets with your approval.’ Her voice was light, accepting his compliment as a well-bred young lady should. ‘I adore this dress, Leo; look how lovely the skirt is when I move.’ She twirled around like a child making her dress spin out in a pink cloud around her.

He laughed, the darkness went and his eyes were a clear, slate grey again. ‘It is a truly wonderful gown and if you could only behave for longer than five minutes one could almost mistake you for a grown-up.’

Her gurgle of laughter accompanied them into the dining-room. The dinner was elaborate and delicious, with several removes and side dishes. Late though it was, she had sufficient appetite to do it justice. They had been chattering companionably across the table on various innocuous subjects when she decided it was safe to mention the events of the afternoon.

‘Leo, I wish to explain to you what happened this afternoon,’ she began, hoping he would allow her to continue.

He frowned at her. ‘I think it’s a subject that’s best left alone, my dear.’

‘Please, I would like to tell you why I disobeyed you.’

Her earnest expression must have convinced him she had something other than excuses to offer. ‘Very well, Eleanor, if you insist, but I give you fair warning that you are more likely to earn my approbation than my understanding.’

She smiled nervously but decided to risk his disapproval anyway. Leo listened impassively until she told him of her fall. His eyes flashed dangerously and his face darkened.

‘You could have been injured. That damn horse is too much for you. You should not be riding it.’

‘No, he is not. He has never thrown me before. It was the saddle; I should have realized he wouldn’t like it.’

‘Am I to understand that this was the first time that animal had met a side saddle?’

‘Of course it was. Why should he have had a side saddle on as I am the only person who rides him?’

Leo shook his head in disbelief. ‘Good God! How could such an experienced horsewoman fail to realize the introduction of any new tack requires skill and patience? No horse, however docile, would accept a new saddle without preparation.’

Eleanor stared at him her eyes wide with shock. ‘Rufus has always done as I ask. I’m afraid it never occurred to me he’d object or I would have done things differently. It’s no wonder he was upset.’

‘You,’ he said, smiling broadly, ‘as I have said before, are a complete ninny, Eleanor, my child. I blame myself for not realising it sooner.’

At her look of indignation his smile became a deep roar of laughter. He leant forward in his chair shaking with amusement. His behaviour incensed Eleanor still further.

‘It was your stupid idea to ride him with a side saddle, pray do not forget that! If I had not been carrying out your instructions I wouldn’t have fallen, would I?’ Her voice had risen and she was almost shouting.

Leo mopped his streaming eyes and reached across to capture her wildly waving hands. ‘Please, my dear, don’t raise your voice; it is so very unbecoming.’

She snatched her hands away and replied haughtily, ‘I believe that if I mention a pot and a kettle, my lord, you will fully take my meaning.’

He bowed, and the charm of the smile he bestowed upon her was quite devastating. ‘Touché, my angel, I stand corrected.’

‘But you do not,’ she teased, by now thoroughly enjoying their repartee.

‘Do not what?’

‘Do not ‘stand corrected’… as you are sitting you can hardly ‘stand corrected’ can you?’

‘And you, my girl, will find yourself unable to sit at all if you persist in this nonsense.’ His eyes were alight with laughter as he spoke.

‘You gave your word you would not raise your hand to me, so fiddlesticks to that,’ she answered rather rashly.

‘A hand, yes, but I don’t believe anything was said about the use of a hairbrush was it?’ His expression was serious and, for an awful moment, Eleanor believed him. She pushed back her chair, and leaping to her feet prepared to flee the room in case he truly desired to carry out his threat.

‘Sit down, Ellie, that was a joke. However much you might deserve a spanking I will endeavour to restrain myself from administering it.’

‘So I should hope. I’m not a child, Leo, and don’t take kindly to being treated as one.’

‘Just how would you like to be treated?’ he asked, his eyes narrowing speculatively. This time she recognised the danger signals.

‘With the same respect that I treat you, Leo. If this marriage of convenience is to work we must show mutual respect.’

‘Calling me, now let me think, ‘an idiot’ and ‘a pot’ are considered respectful, are they?’

‘No, but calling me, ‘a ninny’ and, ‘a baggage’, are hardly the height of politeness.’

‘Shall we call it quits then? And both promise to improve our manners?’

‘I believe I could almost be coming to like you, Leo, in spite of your many faults.’

‘Are you indeed? How very kind of you to say so, and I, of course, find you quite irresistible, my love, especially when you are showing me so much respect.’

‘I am going to leave you to your port. I have bandied quite enough nonsense with you this evening, Leo.’ She stood up and began to walk towards the door when he called her back.

‘I will join you in the drawing-room later, Ellie.’

She smiled saucily over her shoulder at the dark, attractive man standing, watching her. ‘That is your prerogative, I believe, my lord.’ Before he could answer she skipped out, scarcely allowing the footman time to open the door.



Eleanor decided to escape to the library instead of waiting for Leo to join her for tea in the drawing room. She found a book that she hadn’t read and curled up contentedly in an armchair in front of the fire. She had only read a few pages when the excitement and emotional strain of the day overcame her and her eyes slowly closed; her book dropped to the floor unnoticed.

Leo found her fast asleep some twenty minutes later. Smiling down at the sweetly sleeping girl, he was loath to wake her. She looked so adorable all the irritation he had felt at her defection quite evaporated. He scooped her easily out of the chair and carried her carefully from the library and up to her bedchamber.





Chapter Seven





When Eleanor awoke the next morning still in her undergarments, she was puzzled. Then she remembered she’d fallen asleep in the library, so how had she ended up in bed? Leo must have carried her up; she glanced down in shock. Surely he hadn’t been the one to remove her evening dress?

She reached over and pulled the bell cord, hard. Only Mary could explain. Her maid arrived through the dressing room door, followed by the chambermaid carrying the jug of hot water for her morning ablutions.

Mary had with her the usual tray of hot chocolate and soft, sweet rolls. ‘Good morning, Miss Ellie. Did you sleep well? Good heavens, you’re still in your petticoats! Why ever didn’t you call me? I know it was my evening off, but I was only in with Mrs Basingstoke having a game of whist.’

Eleanor felt her face glowing pink with embarrassment. If Mary hadn’t undressed her then Leo must have. How absolutely dreadful! How mortifying; she was never going to be able to face him with equanimity again. She realized her abigail was waiting expectantly for her answer.

‘I didn’t wish to disturb you. It can’t hurt to sleep in one’s undergarments occasionally, can it? I was too fatigued to struggle with all the buttons and ribbons on my own.’

‘It’s a good thing Lady Dunston isn’t here to know about it, is all I can say,’ Mary said, obviously still bothered by Eleanor’s shocking lack of decorum.

‘I’ll wear one of my new gowns today. I think that the peach and brown sarcenet, with the organdie overskirt, would be perfect for an autumn day.’

Mary’s reply was grumpy. It would take considerably longer for this lapse to be forgiven.

Eleanor was glad to remove herself from the confines of her bed chamber. Her maid’s sunny disposition had disappeared because of the degrading spectacle her charge had presented, asleep in her underwear like a demi-rep. She giggled as she closed the door behind her. Whatever was becoming of her ladylike pretensions? In less than two weeks she had descended into shouting matches over the table, rummaging in boxes in the attic and, to cap it all, sleeping in her underwear!

Her future husband was quite definitely a bad influence and his language was quite shocking! She had always been what was politely known as a lively girl, but she was rapidly deteriorating into what could only be described as, a sad romp. She paused at the top of the stairs. The shining, gently curving banister gleamed invitingly.

She hadn’t slid down it since she was fourteen and newly arrived to live at Monk’s Hall. Dare she do it one more time before she became a staid, married lady? Yes, she could. Without further hesitation she swung her leg over the rail and launched herself.

She had forgotten just how fast one travelled on a slippery polished surface and almost immediately deeply regretted her impulse. By the time she arrived at the halfway point she was feeling decidedly unstable and knew with a sickening certainty that this particular escapade was going to end in disaster. She began to sway dangerously.

*

‘Leo, Leo…help me please, I’m falling!’ She screamed as she hurtled towards the hard parquet floor of the entrance hall. At the very last possible moment Leo’s arms encircled her waist and she was snatched from the banister.

He staggered backwards trying desperately to keep his balance. The speed of her descent was almost too much for him. With a painful thud he crashed against the wall, his fall halted by the impact. Carefully he restored her to her feet.

‘What the devil were you thinking of, you stupid girl? You could have been killed.’ He grabbed her shoulders and was preparing to give her the shaking she richly deserved when he heard a small, ominous, gulping noise. He looked down at her sickly green face with alarm. ‘Outside, hang on, sweetheart.’ He snatched her up and ran for the door, hastily opened by Brown. He made it in the nick of time.

‘Oh please put me down, Leo. I am going to be horribly sick.’ And so saying, she was. Leo held her hair away from her face and offered her his support until the awful retching had ceased. When it was over he wiped her mouth with his pristine, white, handkerchief and held her gently against him.

‘How do you feel now?’

‘Better, thank you. I am so sorry…’

‘Forget it. Just promise me, never, ever to do anything so stupid again.’

Eleanor drew a deep, steadying breath. ‘I promise. I’ve never been so scared in my life, Leo. I thought I was going to be killed. Whatever possessed me to do such a thing?’

‘God knows, I said you were a ninny and after this morning’s performance, my dear, I hold by that assessment.’

‘I think I would like to go for a walk, my head’s still spinning a little.’

He pulled her arm through his and smiled down at her affectionately. ‘Well, I suppose a walk is fairly harmless, but I think I had better accompany you in case you have any other hare-brained schemes in mind.’ He kept on talking in a friendly, light hearted manner, hoping his words would take away the fear in her eyes.

They strolled around the rose garden admiring the few blooms that remained, but her responses remained subdued. Leo halted by the arched entrance to the stable yard, worried by the continuing silence.

‘Ellie, what is it sweetheart? Are you feeling unwell?’ She mumbled an incoherent reply and attempted to withdraw her arm from his. Leo held her by the shoulders and studied her pale face closely.

‘Cut rope, Eleanor. There’s something troubling you – tell me what it is. For we will not move from here until you do so.’ Although his tone was kindly there was no doubt he meant every word.

‘Last night,’ she blushed again as she spoke. ‘Last night... Leo, you should not have done it,’ she finally managed to say. A look of astonishment that flashed across his face was closely followed by a thunderous expression.

He dropped his hands from her shoulders as if he had been burnt by the contact. ‘I hope you’re not suggesting that I behaved in anyway improperly, Eleanor?’

‘No, that is…’ she stumbled, confused by his reaction. ‘I am suggesting, my lord, that you undressed me last night. That action was totally unacceptable.’

‘Good God, Ellie, is that all?’ He grinned, the grim expression vanished. ‘I thought you were accusing me of ravishing you in your sleep.’

The girl didn’t know whether to laugh or be outraged at his frank speaking. ‘You should have rung for my abigail; you have placed me in an embarrassing situation.’

‘Come on, Ellie, you’re making too much fuss over a trifle. I saw you in your undergarments, not unclothed. It would be quite a different matter if I wasn’t to be your husband in less than a week.’

‘Not a true husband, remember; ours is to be a marriage of convenience only, and I must insist there are no further intimacies of that kind.’

He ruffled her hair. ‘Don’t fret, little bird, you can fly free for a while longer.’ And with that cryptic statement he reattached her arm to his and led the way under the arch to the stable yard.

*

The sound of impatiently stamping hooves echoed round the empty yard. Eleanor let go Leo’s arm and rushed over to the loose box in which her precious horse was housed. ‘Rufus, whatever’s the matter? Stop that noise right now,’ she admonished him sternly. Immediately the stamping ceased and a handsome chestnut head emerged over the loose box door. She rubbed his muzzle lovingly and the horse lipped her arm, delighted to see his mistress.

Leo joined her and pulled the horse’s ears. ‘I expect you’re bored, old fellow; missing your gallops, are you?’ He looked thoughtfully from Eleanor, to the stallion standing so peacefully beside her and came to a decision. ‘Very well; I relent. You can ride this monster again, but only with me and never when we have company.’

Eleanor was overjoyed; without thinking she spun round and flung her arms about him intending only to reward him with a friendly hug. However, offered such an unexpected opportunity he enclosed her with arms of steel. He drew her closer, welding their bodies together. She couldn’t step back even if she’d wished to do so.

She tilted her head knowing full well what the result would be. His mouth claimed hers in a searing kiss; his lips moved almost roughly against hers, then one hand came up to cup her head, forcing it back to allow him to plunder her mouth still further. She parted her lips in order to catch her breath but he took this chance to deepen the kiss to a level that swept her away from all safe places to experience a flood of uncharted feelings.

‘Alas, my love, I think this has gone quite far enough,’ he said presently, releasing her, and gazing ruefully down into her dazed face. ‘If you don’t wish to be kissed, my dear Ellie, please refrain from flinging yourself so precipitously into my arms.’

Eleanor finally found her voice. ‘That’s the outside of enough, Leo. How dare you suggest I was encouraging you to kiss me? My embrace was as a friend and you took shameful advantage of me.’

He smiled, unrepentant. ‘Quite possibly, but then I’m a man and full of the baser instincts.’ He strode off in a direction of the house causing her to run in order to catch up with him.

‘That’s no excuse, Leo,’ she told him firmly. ‘You must learn to control your impulses, as I do.’

His shout of laughter startled the sparrows from their roost in the tall, bay hedge, beside the path. Still chuckling he said, as they entered the house, ‘I’ll promise to control my impulses if you promise to control yours.’

This sounded vaguely familiar. Hadn’t they made a similar promise the previous night? Why did he go out of his way to confuse her? ‘I believe we’ve already promised to amend our manners, now we are to promise to control our impulses. I do declare, my lord, that we shall hardly know ourselves if we continue to improve our characters in this way,’ she replied archly, determined not to let him have the last word again.

He halted allowing her to cannon into his solid back. He reached round and taking her hands lifted them to his lips to imprint his mouth upon her tingling palms. ‘You’re playing a dangerous game here, Ellie, my love; you’re in over your head. If you’re sincere in wishing our relationship to remain platonic it would be wiser if you stopped flirting with me. You are a lovely young woman and I’m not made of stone.’ He released her hands and left her standing, bemused by his actions, and half afraid, half excited by his words.

They hadn’t yet agreed on a time for their ride and Leo’s lengthy strides were carrying him rapidly out of sight. Forgetting all her promises to behave like a young lady, she yelled after him. ‘Leo, please wait a moment.’

He paused, his long fingers clutching the banisters as if they were a lifeline. ‘Yes, Eleanor, what is it now?’ His tone reflected his vexation. She arrived in a rush at his side.

‘Are we to ride immediately?’

‘Yes, I was, as you can see, on my way upstairs to change.’

‘Excellent, shall I meet you here in ten minutes?’

‘Yes, Eleanor. And please refrain from screeching down the corridor like a fish wife.’

‘I’m sorry, but you were so far away you wouldn’t have heard otherwise.’

‘Eleanor, you are incorrigible! To think you used to be a quiet little thing who would never say boo to a goose.’ She watched his retreating back and thought, crossly, it was only with you that I was quiet; no one else has ever accused me of being so.



Hero and Rufus, like their owners, were a well matched pair. The ride was exhilarating for all concerned and when, one and a half hours later, they clattered back into the yard, they were well pleased with the morning exercise.

Over a late breakfast Leo read The Times and Eleanor read her book. He glanced across, as he folded his paper, at her dark head bent intently over the pages.

‘What are you reading so avidly, my dear?’

‘A novel called, ‘Pride and Prejudice’ by an author named Jane Austen. It is masterly, I can highly recommend it.’ She grinned mischievously. ‘You might find it worth studying.’

He twitched the book from her hand and flicked through it, his interest aroused by her remark. Eleanor watched his expression change to one of disgust. He frowned at her as he closed the book loudly. ‘I hope you’re not suggesting that I’m to become a pattern copy of that imbecile Darcy? He wouldn’t have lasted five minutes at the Battle of Talevera.’

‘I should think that might be considered an advantage in some circles,’ she said, enjoying his disgruntlement.

‘Would you prefer it if I was a town dandy and not a soldier, Ellie?’

She answered his question with one of her own. ‘Would you prefer me if I was a docile debutante, Leo?’

‘Heaven forefend! I should die of ennui before a sennight had passed. At least married to you, my dear, my life will never be dull.’

Eleanor felt it only fair that she now answered his earlier question. ‘And I would not like to be married to a tulip of the ton. At least we will have the exciting stories of your exploits to discuss after supper and will not be reduced to gossiping about the latest crim con.’

‘What do you know of that subject? I didn’t realize London gossip of that sort reached this far. Which reminds me, I heard from Gareth this morning. He and my delightful sister-in-law, Sophia, will be descending upon us the day after tomorrow.’ He glared at Eleanor as if this was her fault. ‘Though why they want to arrive three days before the wedding, I cannot imagine.’

‘I hope they don’t disapprove of me. The Marchioness has the reputation for being very high in the instep. They might consider the daughter of an impoverished gentleman no match for the youngest son of a duke.’

‘Poppycock! It’s no business of theirs who I choose to marry. They will have nothing to say on the matter or they’ll to answer to me,’ Leo told her forcefully. ‘You’re not to worry Ellie. They will be delighted I’m finally getting shackled, after all, I am almost three and thirty.’



Eleanor tried not to worry about the forthcoming visit but she knew Leo’s illustrious relations would be bound to dislike her. She wasn’t interested in domestic issues, or slavishly following fashion and she wouldn’t be marrying at all if Aunt Prudence had left her any money of her own. To be a success in the ton a young lady had to make these things a priority. She would never be able to do that; she believed improving one’s mind and improving the lot of those less fortunate than one’s self was far more important than securing a husband and wearing the latest fashions.





Chapter Eight





Eleanor, leaving the ball room to change for her daily ride with Leo could not but help noticing the housemaids and footmen were more visible than she was accustomed to. She mentioned it to Leo as they trotted out of the yard. ‘Leo, have you noticed the house appears to be in an uproar? Everyone is rushing around cleaning; did you instruct them to spring clean?’

He shook his head. ‘Why should I have done so? I leave such matters to you; after all you’re the mistress of the house now, aren’t you?’

‘I suppose I am. But I’ve given no instructions to anyone; indeed Basingstoke and Brown have not spoken to me since I returned several weeks ago.’

Even Leo, who had spent most of his adult life as a serving soldier, knew etiquette had been severely breached. ‘That is outrageous, Eleanor. Anything relating to the household should be discussed with you first. But it’s you who has to ask to see the housekeeper; it’s not her place to approach you first. I can scarcely believe you’re ignorant of this fact!’

She was stung by his disapproval. ‘The house is obviously running smoothly without any interference from me. I thought you understood that I have no interest in things of that kind.’

‘Then it’s about time that you did, my girl, it’s a woman’s responsibility to run the house and supervise the children. It is the man’s to see to everything else.’

‘I have no idea how to order a house; I should just make a mull of it. It would be better to leave things as they are.’

‘No, it would not. I’ll send Basingstoke to you and you must go through the accounts, the menus and discuss the arrangements for my brother’s visit.’ It was clear from his tone there was to be no further argument on this point and Eleanor resigned herself to the dismal prospect of spending hours involved with things in which she had no interest. Her sigh must have been louder than she intended.

‘For God’s sake, Ellie, grow up. Everyone has responsibilities and duties and I won’t have you shirking yours. You have obviously been overindulged but that is going to stop.’ He stared at her, holding Hero still, daring her to make a pert reply.

‘Very well, I will do as you ask as I don’t have a choice.’ She had begun to think they had reached an understanding but now the overbearing, intimidating stranger was back. For the first time since their rides had commenced she returned to the house feeling dispirited. Even the gallops and the hedges she had jumped had failed to cheer her. Leo’s barked instruction to be in the study within the hour, did not improve her mood.

Mary, as usual, greeted her cheerfully. ‘I hope you enjoyed your ride, Miss Ellie?’

‘No, I did not. I have to take over the running of the household Mary. This is madness; I know nothing of such matters.’

‘Well, I’m sure you’ll soon learn, I know it’s not my place to criticise but it’s not right that Basingstoke and Brown are making decisions without referring them to you. It’s disrespectful to your position.’

Whilst in her bath Eleanor considered the scolding she’d received from Leo and began to see that maybe she had deserved it. The role of chatelaine was hers whether she liked it or not.

Half an hour later she was waiting, as instructed, in the study for the housekeeper to appear. She had no idea what was expected of her; Leo apart from ordering her to become the mistress of the house, had offered no advice. She was an intelligent, well-educated and well-travelled young woman, what she didn’t know she would soon learn.



The interview went far better than she could have hoped. The housekeeper, a pleasant outspoken woman, who knew just how things should be done, explained exactly what Eleanor’s future role was to be. The woman apologised for presuming to clean the house and start preparing the food for the coming celebration but felt it wasn’t her place to remind Eleanor of her duties.

‘Thank you, Basingstoke, this has been a most informative meeting. I most sincerely apologise for not taking an interest sooner. In future things will be ordered as they should be.’ she told her, sounding every inch the lady of the house.

‘Now, Miss Eleanor, don’t you worry. Everything is in hand and his lordship will have nothing to complain of, I promise you that.’ She rose to leave. ‘Will it be convenient to see you after breakfast tomorrow, Miss Eleanor?’

‘Yes, that will be splendid. Good morning, and thank you for your help.’ The study door opened again and she thought it was the housekeeper returning.

‘Did you make your position clear, Eleanor?’ Leo asked. ‘Do the staff understand that all decisions pertaining to the household must go through you?’

‘Yes Leo, we’ve settled everything satisfactorily. But please try and remember this is a household and not a battalion of soldiers. The staff doesn’t require to be ordered to perform; they are only too willing to do whatever’s required.’

Leo appeared startled by her sharp rejoinder. ‘Point taken; I’ll leave everything in your capable hands. You have not disappointed me.’

She smiled. ‘Odious creature; it’s far too late to wheedle round me now. I shan’t forget the scold you gave me this morning, it quite ruined our ride.’ He chuckled and they went into the dining-room for luncheon in complete accord.



The post-breakfast meeting with the housekeeper the next day went smoothly. Eleanor was now au fait with everything that had been arranged for the imminent arrival of their guests. When the housekeeper politely suggested a conducted tour of the establishment and an introduction to all household staff might be appropriate, she agreed. She wondered why this was necessary as she had known most of them since her arrival at Monk’s Hall five years previously. The morning hung heavily before her; it left her far too much time to fret over the meeting with Leo’s elder brother and his intimidating wife.

The intricacies of preserving table linen were beginning to pall when Eleanor heard the sound of a carriage pulling up in front of the house. ‘Pray excuse me, I do believe our guests have arrived,’ she interrupted the housekeeper’s friendly monologue.

‘My word, Miss Eleanor, you have sharp ears. We can easily continue this another time.’

Eleanor hurried back to her room to check her appearance was all it should be. Poking and peering in various cupboards might well have upset the extra effort Mary had made to turn her out well that morning.

Her maid was anxiously awaiting her return. ‘Come along, miss, you’ll be wanted downstairs immediately. Let me straighten your hair and brush down your dress.’

The very modish, blue cambric muslin with a small check which Eleanor was wearing would pass muster anywhere. The matching blue sash, which tied at the side in two small bows with long floating ends, set off the outfit perfectly. Eleanor was glad she had chosen a dress with long, closely fitting sleeves because wearing a shawl whilst greeting guests could be a recipe for disaster.

She was impatient to leave for she quite definitely heard voices in the hall. ‘I must go; it would be unpardonable to be late.’

‘Of you go then; you look a picture, miss, if you don’t mind my saying so.’

Eleanor sped from the room but remembered as she approached the stairs to slow her pace to a more decorous walk. She had just started her ladylike descent when the strident tones of her future sister-in-law carried clearly from the hall.

‘My dear, Leo, what a disaster! My heart goes out to you. To be forced to marry such a wild girl with no idea how to behave, I do declare we feel most strongly the fortune attached to her will scarcely be enough to compensate.’

She was starting her retreat when Leo stepped forward. ‘My love, there you are; come down and meet Gareth and Sophia; they have just this moment arrived.’ He smiled warmly and walked up to meet her, keeping his back towards the visitors. He took her hands, squeezing them reassuringly, than bent to whisper in her ear. ‘I warned you, sweetheart, but you would insist I asked my appalling sister-in-law.’

Eleanor’s embarrassment evaporated and she giggled. ‘Hush, Leo, they might hear you.’

He was unrepentant. ‘She is infamous for her lack of tact, Ellie, and you must disregard anything she says. As I told you before, it’s my business who I choose to marry and I have chosen you.’ He turned, and slipping her arm through his, led her down the stairs. The marchioness, having been comprehensively snubbed by her brother-in-law, was rigid with anger beside her more equable spouse.

‘Gareth, allow me to present my betrothed, Miss Eleanor Walters.’ Eleanor offered her hand and curtsied gracefully to the tall, elegant man watching her through amused, pale blue eyes. The marquis took her hand and raising it to his lips, bowed formally.

‘I am delighted to meet you at last, Miss Walters. Leo has mentioned you to us many times, over the years.’

Eleanor glanced sideways at her betrothed smiling urbanely beside her. She could easily imagine what he had said, remembering only too vividly his unflattering remarks three years ago.

Gareth, still holding her hand, drew her towards his wife. Sophia was slender, her three pregnancies not having thickened her figure one jot. Corn coloured hair framed a classic, heart-shaped face which, if only she would smile more often, would be truly lovely.

‘Sophia, my dear, allow me to present Miss Eleanor Walters to you,’ Gareth drawled, enjoying his wife’s discomfiture. Much as he loved her he was not blind to her faults, and it wasn’t often she received such a resounding set down.

Sophia, every inch the duchess in waiting, inclined her head slightly, and raked Eleanor from top to toe with a gimlet stare. If her intention had been to comment unfavourably on her future sister-in-law’s attire she found, to her surprise that she was unable to find fault with Eleanor’s appearance.

Surprise softened her expression and the greeting was almost friendly. ‘I am pleased to meet you, Miss Walters. And, I must ask, where did you acquire such a delightful gown? It is quite out of the ordinary way, you know.’

Eleanor’s curtsy was far deeper than she had intended; the unexpected complement quite disarming her. She straightened and discovered she was not so much taller than Sophia; indeed they were of a startlingly similar build. She looked again at the marquis and realised that he was almost as tall as Leo, although less muscular, but there was no doubting their fraternity.

She stared openly from one to the other, much to their amusement. She turned accusingly to Leo. ‘Leo, why did you not tell me your brother is so like you?’

Leo laughed. ‘Ellie, sweetheart, I think you will find that, as the younger brother, it is more correct to say I am—

‘Please do not pick words with me, Leo, for you know exactly what I meant.’ If the outspoken reply shocked their guests they were far too polite to comment.

Leo answered in kind. ‘That my brother and I could pass as twins has been remarked upon before. But I think you will find, my dear, the resemblance is on the outside only.’

Ellie smiled. ‘I am delighted to hear you say so, my lord, for I am finding dealing with one of you is more than enough.’ Still smiling she turned back to the waiting marchioness who seemed undecided whether to be scandalised or amused by their brisk exchange.

‘My lady,’ Eleanor began, ‘you asked me a moment ago where I got my gown. I am so pleased that you admire it as I designed it myself.’

‘But it is completely à la mode; I can hardly believe my eyes.’ Sophia stepped up to examine the dress, but even under such close scrutiny could find no fault. ‘It is perfectly done, my dear. I could only wish my own modiste was able to cut and finish as well.’

Eleanor delighted that cordial relations had been established, and more than ready to forget Sophia’s earlier comments, impulsively took her arm. ‘Would you like to come and see my workshop? I have set up the ballroom and there are several girls sewing my bride clothes.’ She paused, suddenly remembering her new position.

‘I must apologise; I should have asked if you would like to go to your rooms to refresh yourselves after your journey. The housekeeper will show you the way.’ Basingstoke was waiting patiently at the foot of the stairs ready to take them up.

Sophia smiled. ‘Later, Eleanor, I may call you Eleanor I hope, after all we are to be sisters soon, I am too eager to see how your trousseau is being assembled.’

She turned to the housekeeper. ‘Thank you, Basingstoke; if you would see that the trunks are taken up, that will be all for now.’ Leo nodded approvingly. ‘Would you like any refreshments or will you wait until luncheon is served?’ She addressed this question to both the marquis and his wife.

Gareth bowed politely and refused the offer saying that he had much to discuss with his brother before they ate. Satisfied she had done all she should, Eleanor led the way across the great hall and into the ballroom, now unrecognisable as a place of entertainment.

Girls sat sewing industriously at trestles with Mary supervising their work. The spindly gilt chairs that had lined the walls were grouped together and festooned with a kaleidoscope of colourful materials. Bolts of satin, silk, cotton, damask and muslin spilt across them, giving the huge room the brilliance of an Indian bazaar.

‘My dear child, wherever did you get all these wonderful fabrics?’ Sophia ran a particularly rich, gold figured silk through her fingers. ‘This is exquisite; I have never seen anything quite like this for sale in London.’

‘It is Indian; my aunt and I chose it when we were there. If you would like it, my lady, please except it as a gift. I have more than enough for my needs.’

‘Eleanor, I could not possibly accept such a generous gift. You can have no idea of the value of this material.’

She insisted. ‘It cost very little in Delhi, my lady, whatever it’s worth over here. I would like you to have it.’ She thought for a moment, seeing the marchioness was still unwilling to accept the material. ‘I know, it can be your Christmas gift from Leo and me; but you can have it early.’

‘Oh very well, child, I can hardly refuse a Christmas gift, can I? And, my dear, please call me Sophia, I am not one to stand on formality.’

Eleanor hid her smile. If her husband had heard this remark he would have fallen from his chair with shock. The sound of the luncheon gong prevented her from showing Sophia anything else but they agreed to return as soon as the meal was over. They returned to the hall chatting happily, like a pair of bosom bows.

*

Leo turned to his brother and said quietly. ‘That is a guinea you owe me; I told you how it would be and I am right.’

‘You have found a veritable treasure, Leo. Anyone who can win my Sophia’s friendship so soon is nothing short of a miracle worker. I must admit I had my reservations about this marriage but they are gone now. You have my full approval Leo, not that you need it.’

‘No, Gareth, I don’t,’ Leo replied, ‘but I am sure Ellie will be relieved; she is eager to be accepted and was worried.’

‘I think she is delightful, and we can safely say that my wife would now agree with me. You must spend Christmas and New Year with us; Eleanor needs to meet the duke and the rest of the family.’

Eleanor strolled over to join them obviously pleased the morning had gone so well after such an inauspicious start. She took Leo’s proffered arm and they followed their guests into the small dining room.

She spoke softly, not wishing to be overheard. ‘Sophia is not half as bad as I feared and I really like your brother.’

Leo raised a quizzical eyebrow. ‘I’m delighted to hear that, my love, as we have been invited to spend Christmas and New Year with them. It would be unfortunate if you were still at daggers drawn with them.’





Chapter Nine





Eleanor went down for breakfast the following morning expecting to find Leo by himself. In her limited experience the ton were rarely seen before noon. Morning calls that were made at three in the afternoon had always seemed absurd to her

‘Good morning, my lords,’ she said smiling, and dropped a curtsy as they both stood up politely and half bowed. ‘I didn’t expect to see you down so early; I hope your room was not uncomfortable.’

‘My room is perfect, Eleanor, thank you, but you will not see Sophia until noon,’ Gareth replied. They sat down, Eleanor having chosen coddled eggs and toast.

When they were private she looked across. ‘Leo, I’m worried about Rufus. John attempted to lunge him and it was a disaster. As I cannot ride him at the moment I’m at a loss to know how to proceed.’ Her comments were intended to provoke Leo into rescinding his instructions but his solution was quite different.

‘I’ll take him out this morning and Gareth can ride Hero.’

She was quiet for a moment, her expression thoughtful. ‘Thank you, Leo, that seems a sensible idea.’ She returned to her breakfast and no more was said on that particular subject. She was fuming silently at his highhanded assumption he could ride her horse without permission. But she was determined not to embarrass his brother with one of her outbursts.

Arguing in private with one’s intended was perfectly acceptable - to do it in public was not. She hoped Rufus would have the good sense to toss his rider into a ditch at the first opportunity and literally bring him down to earth with a bump.

When the party reassembled at noon, for luncheon, Eleanor was disappointed to hear the ride had gone splendidly. ‘That stallion of yours, Eleanor, is a champion. With me on board, this morning, Hero was unable to keep up.’ Leo informed her, seemingly unaware how his words offended her. ‘I think it would be better if I got you a more suitable hack and rode Rufus myself from now on.’

She had heard enough. With exaggerated care she pushed her chair back and stood up, shaking with rage. ‘How dare you,’ she said, her voice low and dripping with dislike. Ignoring the shocked expressions of her guests, she continued, for it was far too late to think about their sensibilities. ‘Rufus is my horse. I only agreed that you should ride him this morning because I had no wish to argue the point in public. You will not ride him again and I will not ride another horse.’

Leo spoke quietly but his words carried the authority of command. ‘Sit down, Eleanor, you are embarrassing our guests.’ His grey eyes held hers in a freezing stare. She hesitated for a second, then common sense prevailed and she sat, her face pale, her hands clenched under the table. Having achieved his objective he turned the subject to more general, safer topics. She ate nothing more. She answered any comments directed to her but took no further part in the conversation.

When the interminable meal was over she walked swiftly towards the door leaving the others in no doubt of her extreme displeasure. Leo smiled coolly at his guests. ‘Please excuse me; I have to speak to Eleanor in private. I am sure you will understand.’ And he strode out of the room his grim expression boding ill for Eleanor when he found her.



She, meanwhile, headed out to the stables wanting to reassure herself Rufus was still her horse, that he hadn’t changed his allegiance to the hated usurper. The yard was quiet, the grooms and stable boys elsewhere. Rufus, recognising his mistress, whinnied a greeting and stamped in excitement.

She ran over to him, unbolted the loose box door, and slipped inside. Her anger evaporated as she rested her burning cheek against his neck. Instead desolation overwhelmed her; she had disgraced herself and angered Leo, and for what purpose? He could do as he pleased; for he was her legal guardian and in two days’ time would be her husband. He had absolute control over her person and her property. She let the scalding tears flow and the giant stallion stood, supporting her despair. Leo found her here. The sound of her sobbing was coming clearly from inside the stable. He paused outside the box, his justifiable fury beginning to soften at the sound of her misery.

He quietly unlocked the door and went in. Eleanor sensing his intrusion stiffened. Her fear instantly communicated itself to Rufus and he flattened his ears and curled back his lips. Before either of them could react the horse half reared and screamed his anger at the man who had frightened his owner. The stallion lunged at Leo, sinking his teeth into his shoulder, pinning him against the wall with his enormous weight.

Eleanor shouted, her unhappiness and fear forgotten in her horror. ‘Rufus, let go of him. Let him go, now.’ She grabbed his halter and pulled hard but the horse was too enraged to allow someone as small as her to shift him. Leo, his chest slowly crushing beneath the weight, remained calm.

He raised his free hand and placed it on the chestnut’s long nose and spoke softly, persuasively, breathing his words into the horses flared nostrils.

‘Alright, old boy. Calm down. Relax, Rufus; I am not going to hurt her.’ He kept repeating the words and the stallion listened. His ears flicked forward and he stepped back releasing Leo’s shoulder as he did so. Leo remained flat against the wall and the horse lowered his head and nudged him gently, as if an apology.

John and the two stable boys arrived in the yard as Leo slowly slid down the wall to end in an undignified heap on the floor.

‘Oh, Leo, what have I done?’ Eleanor dropped to her knees to cradle his unresisting head in her lap. She stroked the dark, sweat-stained hair from his forehead and stared, appalled, at the unconscious man lying, ghostlike, in her arms. The box door was flung open and the anxious face of the head groom appeared.

‘Fetch help, John. Fetch the marquis from the Hall. His lordship has been injured,’ she ordered, striving to keep the panic out of her voice.

Leo lay silent, his breathing harsh and laboured. ‘Please, Leo, don’t die, how could I bear it if you died?’ she whispered as fresh tears dripped onto his face. As she spoke the words out loud an astounding truth became apparent. She looked down at the man in her arms. Somehow over the days her dislike and distrust had turned into a deep, abiding, irrevocable love. ‘Oh God,’ she prayed, ‘I beg you, please don’t let him die.’

One eye flickered open, quickly followed by the other. They crinkled slightly at the corners as he grinned up at her. ‘I have absolutely no intention of kicking the bucket, my angel, so you can stop crying and help me up.’

The radiance of her smile transformed her face. ‘I’m so sorry, Leo, I didn’t mean to; but you must lie still until your brother comes.’ She was too relieved to care she was talking nonsense. She heard the sound of pounding feet and the marquis arrived at the box entrance.

He extended his uninjured arm to his brother. ‘Help me up, Gareth, but go carefully, I think I might have cracked a couple of ribs,’ he told him cheerfully, his colour almost fully restored.

Gareth grabbed his arm and, bracing himself against the door frame, slowly returned Leo to his feet. ‘Good God, what happened here? Did that damned animal attack you?’ He glared angrily at the very subdued horse standing quietly at the far end of his stable.

Eleanor was about to tell Gareth he was right when Leo prevented her. He balanced himself precariously against the wall and smiling, offered her his hand. She took it and, mesmerised by the compelling gleam in his eyes, stepped unquestioningly into the shelter of his arm, her reply left unspoken.

He held her close.. ‘Ellie love, don’t look so wretched; I’m a soldier remember, it takes more than an angry horse to stop me.’

She wiped her eyes on his shoulder and sniffed. ‘You scared me, Leo. You were so white and still that I thought you were dying and it would have been my fault.’

He squeezed her shoulder. ‘Don’t be stupid. What happened was entirely my responsibility.’

‘What happened, Leo? Why were you attacked?’ Gareth was shaking his head.

Leo’s expression was rueful. ‘Rufus was protecting Ellie; he sensed my anger and reacted as one would expect. It serves me right. No blame for this incident belongs to the horse.’ He smiled at Ellie, still in his embrace. ‘Nor to you, sweetheart, it was entirely my fault.’

She stood on tiptoes and placed a feather light kiss on his cheek then quickly stepped away, not certain that even in his present state he wouldn’t reciprocate. ‘You will need a doctor. I’ll send John immediately to fetch him from the village.’

‘No need; Sam can sort me out. He knows more about broken bones than any quack I’ve ever met. Right, Gareth, I think I’m ready to stagger to the house but I’ll need your support as well as John’s, I fear.’

‘You have it, always, Leo, you know that,’ his brother replied.

Eleanor led to the way back, listening with distress to the strangled groans coming from behind her as Leo was slowly assisted along the path. Sam, Leo’s manservant who had accompanied him from the Peninsular to Waterloo, was waiting at the side entrance. He immediately took charge and within a short time, and with a minimum of fuss, her beloved was deposited on his bed upstairs. Her tentative offer to help was firmly dismissed and she was forced, reluctantly, to return to the drawing room and the censure of her guests.

Sophia was standing, lips pursed, ready to ring a peal over Eleanor but on seeing her wan and bedraggled appearance relented, which her husband who had just joined them.

Instead she was sympathetic and supportive, a role she was unused to playing. ‘Do come and sit down, my dear girl, you look quite done in.’ She steered Eleanor to a chaise-longue and gently pushed her down. ‘There, lie back, put up your feet and I will ring for some refreshment.’

The sight of the straw and horse dung sticking to the girl’s slippers almost threw her but she steadied and continued kindly. ‘What a terrible thing to have happened. But it could have been so much worse you know.’

Eleanor looked at her dumbly. ‘Of course it could have been worse, Leo could have been killed.’ Her face crumpled at the thought and fresh tears filled her eyes. ‘Oh, I’m so sorry; I’m not usually such a watering pot.’

Sophia dug into a commodious reticule and removed a dainty embroidered square. Her husband laughed and offered his own handkerchief instead. ‘Take this one, my dear; you look as though you’ll need it.’

Slowly she recovered her composure and soon was able to speak coherently. She cleared her throat experimentally. Her companions turned expectantly in her direction and she smiled warmly. ‘Well, there;s one good thing about Leo’s accident,’ she paused and wondered if what she was thinking was better left unsaid.

‘Go on, Eleanor, pray continue,’ Gareth prompted, presumably interested to hear how a positive gloss could be put on the events of the afternoon.

She had no option but to continue. ‘At least Leo is no longer angry with me. He’s truly terrifying when he is enraged, you know.’ Sophia and Gareth looked at her, then at each other, and then laughed out loud.

‘Eleanor, my dear, you’re incorrigible.’ Gareth told her, still chuckling. ‘I honestly believe my brother is finally well matched. You will make him a perfect, if unconventional, wife.’

She blushed under his approving gaze, not sure why her statement had caused them both such merriment. A knock at the door heralded the arrival of Sam with news.

‘His lordship begs to tell you he will be up for dinner tonight. He has a nasty gash on his right shoulder and several bruised ribs, but nothing broken. He has had a lot worse and still fought alongside his men; so a few bruises don’t bother his lordship.’

While Eleanor lay on her bed her mind was in turmoil. Loving Leo made everything so much more complicated. It would be harder not to respond to his overtures now her emotions were engaged. She knew - for hadn’t he told her so himself – that a man could desire a woman without loving her. She tossed restlessly, trying to decide if she would prefer a marriage in name only to a consummated relationship when there was love on only one side.

There were only thirty-six hours before her marriage and she had to make a decision before the ceremony. If she wanted a real relationship she ought to indicate to Leo she had changed her mind.

When Mary arrived to help her dress for dinner Eleanor was suffering from a sick headache and far too unwell to go down. Her apologies were conveyed at once to Brown who was charged with delivering them to Lord Upminster. Her megrim was so severe she was unable to rise the next day either. The night before her wedding she finally slept, exhausted by the pain and nausea, too poorly to worry about anything at all.





Chapter Ten





‘What time is it, Mary?’ Eleanor asked as her abigail drew back the heavy blue curtain letting in the morning light.

‘Only just gone eight o’clock, miss, you have plenty of time before you need to get up.’ Mary picked up the tray she had placed on the side table and brought it over. ‘Toast and tea, nothing more, until we see if you can keep this down.’

‘My headache has gone completely and the nausea too. I’m not very hungry but think I can manage to eat a little dry toast.’ Although Eleanor’s face was pale and drawn, her eyes were clear and she felt well enough to face the coming ordeal. ‘I’ll have my bath early, I think, as I need to leave time for my hair to dry.’

‘At nine o’clock then? That will leave two hours before you need to be downstairs.’

‘Thank you Mary, nine o’clock will do perfectly. I hope his lordship likes my wedding gown. It’s very plain.’

‘Not plain, miss; it’s elegant and stylish. That heavy cream silk brocade you chose does not need any fancy flounces and bows.’

Left alone, Eleanor sipped her tea pensively and stared at the simple silk dress hanging on the rail at the far side of her chamber unsure if her design was grand enough for such an important occasion.

A tap on the door interrupted her thoughts. As Mary had been sent away she must answer the summons herself. She slipped out of bed, hastily pulled on her robe, and walked over to the door. Cautiously she opened it a crack, not sure who she might find waiting there.

‘Eleanor, child, whatever are you doing?’ Sophia entered quickly. ‘Where is your girl? She should be here to open the door; it is not your job.’

‘I sent Mary to have breakfast, Sophia.’ It seemed a little late to invite her visitor in as she was already at the rail examining the gown.

‘This is lovely, my dear. The material is exquisite, the cut superb. It is exactly right.’

‘My wish is to show Leo he’s not marrying a child. He appears to be rather confused on that subject.’

‘In that case you will succeed. Not even Leo could imagine you were anything but a fully grown woman in this.’

Eleanor was delighted. ‘I’m so glad you approve. I was worried it was too simple for a wedding dress.’

‘He will love it, I am certain of that,’ Sophia answered smiling. ‘Now return to bed, Eleanor, for I want to talk to you.’

Eleanor, guessing what kind of talk Sophia was probably referring to, skipped hastily back under the covers. Her guest pulled up a dainty padded chair and sat beside her.

‘Leo has been beside himself with anxiety; it was all we could do to stop him visiting your bedchamber.’

‘I’m glad you did; I have cast up my accounts in front of him once and I would have hated to have done so a second time,’ she replied with a rueful smile.

‘It was most improper of him to wish to visit you in here, but it does demonstrate his interest in your well-being.’ Sophia broke off for a moment. ‘I understand you wish your marriage to be in name only, is that correct?’ Eleanor nodded, blushing slightly. ‘Do you still hold the same point of view, my dear? I cannot help noticing your feelings now seem to be engaged and wondered if you could, possibly, have changed your mind.’

This was exactly what Eleanor had done. Making this decision had been the cause of her horrible headache. ‘Although I’ve changed my mind, Sophia, I’m not yet ready to become a true wife. You see, although I have been acquainted with Leo since I was fourteen years old and first came to live here, it’s only since my return from India that I have begun to know him properly.’

‘Quite so, my dear, I fully understand. A few weeks are not nearly long enough for an engagement. If circumstances were different you would have had several months to get to know each other better before your wedding.’

‘I know almost nothing about him,’ Eleanor told her, ‘apart from the fact that he was a Colonel in the infantry and a hero at Waterloo.’

Sophia nodded. ‘Well, I can tell you about his youth, if you would like to hear it?’

‘Of course I would. There’s one thing that puzzles me, and that’s why he has no money of his own. Surely the Duke of Rothmere is a very wealthy man?’

‘You are correct in that assumption. His father is one of the warmest men in England. Let me explain. Gareth was scarcely four years old when Leo was born and their poor Mama died soon after the birth.’

‘How dreadful!’ Eleanor was deeply saddened by the thought of the two little boys left motherless.

‘The duke,’ Sophia continued, ‘blamed Leo for her death and never forgave him. He was ignored, or mistreated, by his father and the only affection he received came from Gareth.’

‘So that’s why he became a soldier so young, to get away from home. But how could he afford a commission if he had no money of his own?’

‘His grandmamma, the Dowager Duchess, paid for it; her small legacy and his half pay as a colonel are the only funds he has.’

‘I believe he is to resign after we’re wed and devote himself to running the estate. There is much to do: it has been sadly neglected since Uncle Joseph passed away. I’m afraid Aunt Prudence had no interest in such matters.’ The sound of a bath being filled in the dressing-room next door reminded them of the time.

Sophia rose to go. ‘I will let Gareth know straightaway of your feelings on the subject of marriage and he can inform Leo; I am certain he will be content to wait until you are better acquainted.’ She smiled benevolently at Eleanor. ‘It is a profound relief to me I do not have to discuss what happens in the marriage bed just yet; time enough to explain everything when you visit us at Christmas.’

Eleanor giggled. ‘Sophia, I know all about what happens between a man and a woman. One would have to have been blind not to see when it was demonstrated so openly in some of the places we visited.’

She swung her legs out of bed and grinned at Sophia’s shocked countenance. ‘I must admit I couldn’t see why anyone could possibly wish to engage in such a strange, and uncomfortable looking, pastime. However since I met Leo again I’m beginning to see that maybe I was wrong.’

‘Eleanor, my dear, you should not talk of such things, even to me. I honestly think too much travel is not a good thing for a gently bred young lady.’

Mary came quietly into the room to indicate the bath was ready. ‘I will see you downstairs at eleven o’clock, Eleanor. And you must not worry; I am sure you will never regret marrying Leo. He will make you very happy.’

‘I do hope so, but sometimes I wonder. I know he is intelligent, handsome, charming, kind and brave but he is also arrogant, overbearing and has the worst temper of anyone I have ever met.’ As she listed his good and bad points she realised her doubts had made her speak more forcefully that she had intended.

‘I admit he is no paragon, but like his brother, my dear Gareth, he will make you an excellent husband. His rough edges will wear away, just give him time.’ With these last words Sophia swept regally from the room, her mission accomplished.



After a leisurely bath Eleanor sat in front of the fire, her hair swirling like a shiny brown waterfall about her shoulders, whilst her maid rubbed it dry. At a few minutes to eleven she was dressed and stood in front of the full-length glass fascinated by her own reflection. Her height, her slenderness and her swanlike neck were all enhanced by the dress. Mary had arranged her hair in a coronet, allowing a few stray curls to escape on either side of her face.

She smiled at her reflection and spun round slowly, the dress following her every movement, enjoying the feeling of confidence it gave. ‘I am ready to go down. This is one occasion I will not keep his lordship waiting.’

Leo was waiting, with growing impatience, in the great hall below. He was resplendent in his full regimentals. The short, scarlet coat emphasised his broad shoulders and the heavy gold frogging added to his splendour. His tightly fitting buckskins and black polished Hessians completed the ensemble. He looked superb.

Gareth, dressed in a blue superfine, tailed coat, and gold embroidered waistcoat, with tightly fitting beige pantaloons, was smart, but no match for his brother. Sophia, in a gown of cherry-red worsted, with a matching pelisse, and a bonnet that Gareth had rudely described as ‘looking exactly like a bright red coal scuttle covered in fruit’ was dressed in what could only be called ‘the first stare of fashion’.

Leo looked around when he heard the sound of footsteps coming lightly along the upstairs corridor. He marched swiftly to his place at the foot of the stairs, ready to greet his bride. At the sight of the beautiful young woman floating towards him he was struck silent. He found his voice at last.

‘I must be the luckiest man in Christendom,’ he said quietly, his eyes never leaving hers, ‘to be marrying such a vision of loveliness.’ He offered her his arm and she placed a trembling hand upon it, grateful for the support it gave. Her fingers closed involuntarily and she could feel the muscular strength beneath the cloth.

Leo led her out to the waiting carriage and handed her in. Mary rushed forward and carefully arranged the dress to avoid it creasing during the short ride to church. The Marquis and Marchioness travelled in their own carriage behind the bridal pair.

‘That dress is stunning; Ellie, my sweet, you have surpassed yourself.’ Leo told her, unable to drag his eyes away.

‘Thank you, Leo, I’m glad you like it,’ she replied, carefully controlling her voice, trying to disguise the growing tension she felt sitting so close to him. The fabric of her gown and his buckskins were the only barrier between them. Eleanor tried, unsuccessfully to ease her thigh away from his, sure the heat generated by their touch must be flooding her face with tell-tale pink.

He took her gloved hands in his just as the carriage lurched to a stop. ‘You will not regret this marriage, Ellie, I promise you. I will try and control my foul temper and behave as a member of the ton.’ She returned the gentle pressure of his fingers, overcome by his promise to try and reform his ways for her.

She smiled shyly. ‘And I promise I will try my best to conform and to behave as I know I should.’

‘A pact then, little bird,’ Leo said quietly, and he raised her hands to his lips and kissed, first the tips and then, turning them over, each palm. His gentle touch sent tremors around her overheated body.

The footman, who had accompanied them on the box, opened the carriage door. The steps were let down. The moment had come. The marriage of Miss Eleanor Walters to Colonel, Lord Leo Upminster, was about to take place.

The church seemed dark and unwelcoming and the vicar nervous. Even the vases of flowers, placed especially for the occasion around the church, failed to make it inviting. Leo led her to the altar and, in the presence of God, they exchanged their vows.

Afterwards when he spoke her name she glanced up, startled, hardly able to comprehend she was now a wife, a member of the aristocracy and no longer plain Miss Walters but Lady Upminster.

‘I believe, at this point, sweetheart, I am allowed to kiss the bride.’ His voice was light and teasing. She blushed and her lips parted expectantly. Although the kiss was brief it left her breathless and she clung on to his coat, fearing she might fall.

‘Congratulations, Leo and Eleanor,’ Gareth said. ‘May I be permitted to embrace my new sister?’

Reluctantly Leo stepped aside allowing his brother to take her in his arms and place a chaste kiss on her cheek. Next Sophia hugged Eleanor tight and whispered that all was well and that Leo had been told.

The wedding party left the church and returned to the waiting carriages. On the return journey Leo sat, face sombre and pensive, his long legs outstretched and Eleanor’s hand held firmly in his. ‘Eleanor, do you realise you have just placed your life in the hands of a man as ill-suited to married life as any you are likely to meet?’

‘I’m sure you’re no more unsuited to marriage than any bachelor of your age,’ she said soothingly. ‘It’s only natural you should feel some qualms but I promise to try not to be a burden to you. I will not require you to be dancing attendance on me all the time.’ She stopped, arrested by the expression on his face. He was looking at her as though she had run mad.

He smiled, shaking his head as he spoke. ‘Do you think I am concerned about my adjustment? No, Ellie, it is you I am thinking of. Do you realise being married means you are no longer independent, you are my wife, answerable to me for everything you do? It is my duty to protect and advise you, as it is yours to behave as you should and do as you are told.’ This last statement was spoken with a decided glint in his eye. Eleanor’s protest died unspoken.

She smiled. ‘I have promised to try and behave and you have promised not to lose your temper, which is a good start, surely?’ She leant her head trustingly against his shoulder, and needing no further encouragement he released her hand and encircled her shoulder, pulling her even closer.

‘Look at me,’ he urged, his voice heavy with passion. Obediently she raised her head. ‘Darling, I know you want to wait, but you can see how much I desire you and I believe you feel the same way too.’ As his mouth closed over hers her reservations were crushed under the power of his passion. How could she deny him what he wanted when she loved him and believed she wanted it too?





Chapter Eleven





The marquis and marchioness departed immediately after the wedding breakfast leaving Eleanor and Leo to spend the afternoon together. The coach was barely out of sight before she caught hold of Leo’s sleeve.

‘Can I ride now they have gone, Leo?’

‘Only if I accompany you, remember.’

‘Please come; I’m sure you would enjoy a gallop across the park as much as I would.’ She frowned. ‘Is your shoulder well enough?’

‘I’m fully recovered, thank you. .And you’re right, I would like to go out.’ He glanced at the sun, already low on the horizon. ‘We have only an hour or so of daylight left so, if we’re to ride, it had better be now.’

‘I have to take off this dress but will be back down in ten minutes.’

He smiled wickedly. ‘As I also have to come upstairs would you like me to assist you in anyway, my love?’

‘No, Mary and I will manage, but thank you for your kind offer.’ She blushed and sped up the stairs to her chamber before he could embarrass her further. In spite of her haste he was beside her as she reached the door. He blocked her path; his broad shoulders appearing to fill the entrance.

‘I’m your husband now, Ellie; you mustn’t bolt every time I tease you.’ He brushed his fingers lightly across her face. She tried to find an answer that wouldn’t sound silly but her brain refused to work and no words came. He was sapping her strength to resist.

Hardly aware she was moving she closed the gap between them and stepped into his embrace, her arms encircling his neck. His arms locked behind her and he leant back, lifting her from her feet as he kissed her passionately.

After several minutes he pushed her gently away with a shaky sigh. ‘I think that’s enough for now, my love, or it will be dark before we reach the stables.’ He scanned her face and then, kissed her once more, hard, on her swollen lips and strode off to his own room. ‘Be downstairs in ten minutes, Ellie, or I’ll leave without you.’

She entered her bedchamber and was pleased to find Mary waiting, the new riding habit already out. Ten minutes, to the second, later she was downstairs to meet her husband.

‘I am impressed,’ he said grinning, ‘A punctual wife is a novelty. I’ve only been here two minutes myself.’

‘Don’t sound so smug, you had far less to remove than I did or I would have been here sooner.’

‘I did offer to help you, remember, but you unkindly refused.’ He was openly laughing now, enjoying her growing annoyance at his teasing.

‘Oh do be quiet, Leo. You’re being deliberately provocative.’ She marched off, back straight, head high, trying to ignore his chuckles as he followed her down the passage.

‘Now, now, Eleanor; it was only this morning that you promised to honour and obey me and already you’ve broken your vows.’

‘They will not be the only thing I break,’ she threatened, intending to sound cross.

‘Baggage,’ he replied affectionately. ‘I can see you’re going to run me ragged and I shall decline into a sad and browbeaten man, a shadow of my former self.’

‘Lord Upminster, you are an idiot, and I am only surprised no one has told you so before.’ The smile she gave him quite took his breath away.

He pulled her hand through his arm, drawing her close. ‘Do you know,’ he said pleasantly, ‘I believe no one else has ever had the temerity to address me so disrespectfully.’

She struggled to remove her hand but his grip was unyielding. ‘Do you wish me to apologise?’

‘Apologise?’ he murmured thoughtfully. ‘No, I had been thinking more of a penalty to be paid for every insult.’

‘Penalty? What sort of penalty? I would much rather apologise, you know, Leo.’

‘I have not yet decided. But I promise you will be the first to know when I do, my sweet.’ He reached out and lightly gripped her chin, turning her face to his. His expression changed, instantly, to concern when he saw the fear in her eyes.

‘God damn it!’ he swore. ‘I was teasing you, little one; please don’t look so scared, I didn’t mean to upset you.’ He pulled her into his arms and held her, cupping the back of her head and pressing her face protectively into his shoulder. Slowly the tension left her body; she relaxed into his warmth, feeling a little foolish at her overreaction.



Eleanor changed again for dinner, choosing a yellow damask day dress, the most demure she owned. The memory of the two passionate exchanges, one in the carriage on the return from the church and the other outside her bedroom door, had frightened her by their intensity.

She wasn’t sure she was ready to become a full wife and was regretting having encouraged him by her responses. She hoped her choice of gown would indicate to him how she felt because she could never discuss such an intimate subject with a man, husband or not.

Leo had changed into a black evening coat, a snowy white, elaborate cravat and a grey silk waistcoat and black pantaloons. She refused the sherry he offered and sat stiffly on the edge of a chair, mute with embarrassment in front of the overwhelming presence of the man in black evening dress.

It was a relief to both of them when dinner was announced. He offered her his arm and they walked sedately through to the small dining room. She could feel the carefully leashed power under her fingers and her heart missed a beat and she swallowed nervously. Bravely she risked a glance at his face and saw his expression was serious and remote.

Dinner was torture. She was incapable of finding anything sensible to say and was able to reply to all his conversational overtures with only one word answers. In the end he gave up the attempt to involve her and the meal was completed in near silence. As the final covers were removed he spoke, his voice sounding unnaturally loud after the prolonged hush.

‘I will not join you for tea, Eleanor. I have business to attend to in the study.’ He stared at her pale face, all signs of the happy carefree girl, he had teased earlier, had disappeared. ‘I have to go to London tomorrow to see the lawyers, and sign all the papers relating to the inheritance.’ He waited, expecting some kind of response.

‘Yes, I understand. Will you be gone for long?’ She couldn’t help hoping his absence would not be short.

‘Several weeks, I’m afraid. I have also to visit Horse Guards and resign my commission. I should definitely be back in time to leave for our visit.’

‘What about Rufus? Can I ride when you are away if John accompanies me?’

He nodded. ‘Yes, you can. Also, if there any changes you wish to make here, in my absence, please feel free to do so. I want you to be happy, Eleanor, and have no wish to stint you in any way.’

‘Thank you, Leo. There are one or two things I would like to do. Is there a budget I must follow?’

‘You may spend whatever you need, within reason of course. I know you’re not extravagant and won’t waste money unnecessarily.’ He leaned over the table and took her cold hands in his. ‘I think I know what’s troubling you, Ellie; you wish me to give you more time before making you my true wife?’ His eyes were kind and his words gentle.

‘Leo, I know I’ve encouraged you to believe I was ready but I find, now the time has come, that I am not. I’m truly sorry.’

He released her hands and stood up. ‘You don’t have to apologise, my love, I was a brute to try and force the issue.’ Unexpectedly he smiled, transforming his face, making him seem younger and more approachable. ‘That’s the real reason I’m going away tomorrow. I can’t trust myself to stay out of your bed if I’m here; I want to make love to you and I’m finding it almost impossible to wait.’

She jumped up and ran round the table to fling herself into his arms, perhaps not the wisest course to follow after Leo’s admission. ‘Thank you, I knew you would understand. I promise I’ll not keep you waiting any longer than I have to.’

Finding the woman he wanted so desperately back in his arms tested his iron control to the limit. He stepped out of her embrace so subtly she was unaware she had been rejected.

‘I suggest you retire, Ellie, it’s been a long, exciting day.’ He held her by the shoulders for a moment longer then removed his hands. ‘I’ll be gone before you rise tomorrow so I’ll say farewell now.’ He tipped her face and kissed her gently. ‘Please try and behave yourself whilst I am away; and if you need me, my man will fetch me at once.’

‘Goodbye, Leo, I will miss you; take care and please don’t overturn your carriage.’

‘I’ve not done so yet, so don’t see why I should do so on this journey.’ He turned and gave her a gentle push towards the door. ‘Goodnight, little one, sleep well, I’ll see you again in four weeks.’

She smiled at him, raised her hand in a farewell gesture, then retired to her room to spend her first night as a married woman, alone. She tossed sleeplessly in her large empty bed guessing that Leo was pacing in frustration back and forth his study until the early hours of the morning. She heard him come up and walk quietly to his room at dawn. His carriage was summoned and he left, neither of them having slept.

After his departure Eleanor finally fell asleep and lay, log-like, until she was awoken with her hot chocolate, at eight o’clock. As her maid bustled about as she sipped her drink, letting the rich, smooth drink soothe her ragged nerves.

‘Can you find me that very old habit, Mary? You know, the one you said was fit only for the bonfire.’

‘Whatever next!’ Mary exclaimed, but found the required garment without further protest. Eleanor washed and dressed in her disreputable habit and then sent Mary on a search for some boy’s boots. ‘I need some stout footwear, Mary; the sort Tom, the stable boy, has. Do you think you could find me some? I don’t wish you to take them off anybody’s feet but purchase them. You know my size well enough.’

‘Yes, my lady,’ Mary answered politely, ‘I’ll go and look for those boots right away.’

Eleanor watched her go sad their closeness appeared to be over. She recognised that, as a married woman and a lady, even if it was only a courtesy title, the informal relationship she had had with her maid must stop. She hoped she would not now be expected to adopt a style of address that her Aunt Prudence had used for her personal maid and call Mary by her second name, Thompson.

She wondered why things couldn’t stay the same. It didn’t seem fair everything must change because she had a ring on her finger. She was still exactly the same person she had been yesterday morning. She wasn’t just thinking of her relationship with Mary.

After a solitary breakfast of toast and honey, washed down with weak tea, she was ready to tackle her Grand Plan. But first she needed to speak to Sam; he was an integral part of her scheme and she was delighted her husband had, so thoughtfully, left him behind. She sent one of the footmen in search of her unsuspecting assistant and waited impatiently for his appearance in the small salon.

Sam arrived at the same time as Mary and the boots. ‘Thank you, Mary, these are excellent. I’ll not require you until three o’clock.’

‘Very well, my lady.’ Mary bobbed a curtsy and turned to leave.

‘Oh Mary, could you continue to supervise the sewing for me? I will be too busy elsewhere from now on.’

‘Yes, of course; will that be all, my lady?’

Sam had been standing, watching this exchange with interest. Eleanor knew Leo had had left him behind for the sole purpose of keeping an eye on her.

‘Sam, thank you for coming so promptly,’ Eleanor began. ‘I need your help with a plan I have.’ She smiled sunnily at him.. ‘His lordship, I am sure, told you he had given me carte blanche where alterations and improvements were concerned; is that correct?’

Sam nodded. ‘Yes, my lady, I know that.’

‘Good. I intend to renovate and renew the farm cottages in the dip just before the lane reaches the village.’ She raised her head from lacing up her sturdy, brown boots. ‘Is it not a brilliant scheme, Sam?’

Sam was at a loss, a rare occurrence for him. ‘I’m not sure Lord Upminster intended you to—’ he hesitated – ‘to become involved with alterations outside the Hall itself, my lady.’

‘Oh fiddlesticks to that! He said I could alter and improve whatever I wished and I wish to improve those cottages and I need your help to do so.’ She gave him a charming, if conspiratorial, smile. ‘Anyway we should have finished long before Lord Upminster returns and what is done cannot be undone, can it?’

He could not resist her smile. ‘His lordship will be hopping mad, my lady, but I was instructed to help in any way I could, so I don’t reckon I’ll be breaking any promises.’

‘Excellent, I just knew I could count on your support. I’ve asked for the pony cart to be brought round; I’d like you to come with me to inspect what needs doing. I can see they’re in a sad state of repair but what actually has to be done, I shall leave up to you to decide.’ Her strangely shod feet clumped through the house and almost startled Brown as he waited to open the front door for them.

The short drive to the cottages was accomplished in less than twenty minutes.

‘Do the cottagers know their houses are to be improved, my lady?’ Sam enquired as Eleanor halted the cart, expertly, outside the dilapidated homes.

‘No, but I’m sure they will be delighted; anyone would be if their homes were to be made sound and waterproof.’

‘I hopes that you’re right, my lady; some folks don’t appreciate change,’ Sam told her.

She knew he was hoping that the occupants would refuse to cooperate and then nothing could be done and his worries would be over.

She jumped nimbly from the cart and headed for the cottage in the middle of the row. The key family resided there, for she had sometimes taken baskets of goodies to them at Aunt Prudence’s request. Sam knocked loudly at the door. She was surprised his fist had not pushed it from its hinges.

The door was opened with difficulty by a sharp eyed woman, with several small children hanging from her, clean, but well-worn skirts.

‘Good morning, Mrs Smith. Is Mr Smith at home? I would like to speak to him, if that is possible,’ Eleanor asked courteously.

Mrs Smith dropped a nominal curtsy and stepped aside. ‘You’d better come in then, my lady,’ she said, but didn’t seem especially pleased by the prospect.

She followed her into the dark interior and had to duck her head to avoid hitting it on the door frame. Sam followed her in. Smith, a man of medium height and build, greeted them politely, but with little more enthusiasm than his wife.

‘Mornin’, my lady. What can I do for you?’ His tone was correct, but not servile.

Mrs Smith remembered her manners. ‘Won’t you be seated, my lady? Can I get you anything?’

‘No, thank you, Mrs Smith,’ Eleanor replied. Smith had remained standing as had Sam. ‘Please do sit down, Mr Smith, I wish to talk you about something I hope you will be happy about.’

The taciturn man sat on a stool by the fire and waited patiently for her to enlighten him. ‘I would like, with your permission of course, to repair and improve this row of cottages.’

Smith gaped at her. ‘Repair? Our permission? I should say you have it, my lady. I’ve been on at the agent, Jed Timpson, but he has said that there ain’t no funds for repairs.’

Eleanor looked triumphantly at Sam. ‘So you will be happy for the cottages to be repaired, Mr Smith?’

‘I’ll say I would and so would all the rest.’

‘I realise November is not an ideal time to start repairs, but I wanted you all to be snug for Christmas.’ She stood up and indicated Sam. ‘Mr Roberts, Lord Upminster’s man, will talk to you and make note of everything that needs doing. I wish to install water, as well, in every kitchen, if that is possible.’

Smith turned to his wife in amazement. ‘You hear that, Dolly, water in here! Who’d have thought it!’

Eleanor smiled delighted her news had been well received. ‘I thought if we started the end cottage first, maybe the Bishops could move in with someone else until the work is finished. What do you think, Mr Smith?’

He beamed at her. ‘Nora, Jim and the nippers can move in with Fred and his missis the other side; they have no babes, so have more room.’

‘Excellent,’ Eleanor said, drawing on her gloves. ‘I will leave you to sort out the details with Mr Roberts, good morning.’

This time the entire family either bowed, or dropped a curtsy, every face wreathed in delighted smiles. On the journey back to Monk’s Hall Eleanor was determined to see the agent and persuade him to co-operate in her scheme as well.

The fact that Leo would be livid at her interference in his domain was something she refused to think about. Whatever his reaction, and she expected it to be bad, he could not undo any work that had been done. Knowing the five families would spend a warm and comfortable Christmas because of her actions would more than compensate for anything her formidable husband might say or do.

And anyway he wasn’t due to return for another four weeks and maybe he would have missed her so much he would overlook her behaviour completely. Even if she didn’t really believe this, it did give her a small degree of comfort.

She went in search of Jed Timpson, and her grand scheme to use her new position to better the lot of those less fortunate, swung into action.





Chapter Twelve





The finishing touches were being applied to the last cottage on the Tuesday of the fourth week of Leo’s absence. Eleanor had worked her magic and managed to involve Jed the agent as well as most of the staff from Monk’s Hall. Basingstoke had been persuaded to part with sheets, blankets and table covers that were too worn to be repaired. Then Eleanor’s seamstresses busily turned these remnants into curtains, bed covering and other things for the cottages.

Brown had been prevailed upon to send his footman up into the attics to unearth pieces of broken and unwanted furniture. Craftsmen from the village were employed to repair and restore these items and then these were also given to the cottagers.

Eleanor had helped in whatever way she could by fetching and carrying in the pony cart as required. At no time did the tenants or villagers with whom she worked take advantage of her kindness. It did not need Sam’s presence to ensure she was treated with the utmost respect.

Up to her boot tops in mud, she stepped back to admire the completed homes. ‘I’m so pleased we’ve finished before the rain sets in, Sam. Everybody has worked so hard; I think we should hold a celebration to mark the occasion.’ Sam looked dubious. ‘Don’t frown, Sam. I wasn’t thinking of a large event. We could clear the barn the craftsmen have been working in and then put some hay bales in for seats. Then all we need is some music, food and drink.’

‘We’d best keep it short, my lady, a couple of hours would do.’

Having secured a partial victory she was satisfied and rushed off to discuss her plans with Mrs Smith, who would organise everything for her.

The celebration was arranged for the following afternoon and ale and lemonade were to be provided by the Hall. Mrs Smith had arranged for the food to be supplied by the tenants themselves. Two fiddlers and a man with a penny whistle had volunteered to supply the music. Brown and the housekeeper agreed that any member of staff who had previously given up their own time to help in the project could have the two hours off to attend.

Eleanor was pleased with what she had achieved. For the first time she had done something worthwhile; she was proud of the work and her part in it.



Leo didn’t share her view. He returned at two o’clock on the Wednesday and found his home deserted. However, the sound of merriment could quite clearly be heard coming from one of the old barns a half mile from the Hall. As he was striding purposefully in the direction of the noise he met Jed Timpson who greeted him happily.

‘Good afternoon, my lord, you’ve arrived in time to see the home warming party. The cottages look splendid, I’m sure you will agree.’

‘Which cottages would these be, exactly?’ Leo said silkily, only his narrowed eyes giving warning of his mood.

‘The cottages by the…’ Jed’s voice trailed away as he realised his employer knew nothing about the renovations.

‘Go on man,’ Leo said sharply, ‘I am waiting, what cottages?’

‘You didn’t know. Oh dear!,’ Jed muttered. ‘I never would have, if I had known, my lord.’

‘Stop rambling, Timpson. Tell me what’s been happening in my absence, now, if you please.’ The authority in his voice sobered Jed who hastily explained what Eleanor had been up to.

‘And now they are having a little party to celebrate, my lord,’ he finished.

Leo had listened in disbelief to his normally sensible agent tell him how the whole household had been inveigled by Ellie in an escapade they must have known was not sanctioned by him. Seething with suppressed anger he strode off to the barn to confront his devious and disappointing, wife.



Eleanor, knowing it would be very improper, had wisely refrained from joining in the celebration. She watched the twirling figures happily from the side, enjoying their uninhibited pleasure. She saw Leo striding towards her. He was not at all pleased to see her - in fact he was furious.

However angry he was surely he would not let his disapproval spoil the party for his people? They had little enough to celebrate in the hard life they led. He walked over, with a smile of apparent approval that didn’t reach his eyes, to join her.

‘Lady Upminster, I hate to ask you to leave such a jolly occasion but I have several rather important things to tell you and require you to accompany me back to the Hall.’ His tone was calm, even friendly, but she wasn’t deceived.

She smiled brightly and stepped away from him. ‘Good afternoon, my lord, we did not expect you back so soon. Did you have a successful trip?’

‘We can discuss that, in my study, my dear,’ he said through gritted teeth. He gripped her arm firmly ensuring she could not escape. ‘We will go in now, if you please.’

She replied quietly so only he could hear. ‘I am not going in, Leo, and unless you intend to drag me behind you I suggest you let go my arm and go away. Your scowl will spoil the party.’

Slowly he released her then, his face rigid, he said softly. ‘I will be waiting for you when you do return, Eleanor, be very sure of that.’ He walked away, smiling a greeting here and there as though he was as happy as they were about the party.

Mary had witnessed this exchange and forgot to address her formally. ‘Miss Ellie, you shouldn’t have said that. You should have gone with him.’

‘But he was so angry, Mary; I thought if I went later he would have had time to calm down.’ When she saw the look on her maid’s face she understood she had made a grave error of judgement. ‘He will be even angrier now. How could I have been so stupid?’

For a minute or two she hesitated trying to decide what to do. If Mary was right, and she feared she was, the longer she left it the worse the reckoning would be. ‘I’m going in now.’ Her maid started to follow her. ‘No, stay here, enjoy the music; I’ll go back on my own.’

‘That you won’t, my lady,’ Mary told her firmly. ‘Sam Roberts can walk back with you, if you don’t need me.’

Sam was found and walked across the field beside her. ‘His lordship often sounds harsher than he intends, my lady, and I’m sure he would never really hurt you however angry he is.’

‘Thank you Sam, I am sure you’re right. It’s my own fault because I knew he would be angry; I have just made it worse by refusing to accompany him when he asked me.’

They completed the journey in silence. Some of the words Sam had spoken to allay her fears kept rattling around her skull. He had told her that Leo would not really hurt her – what had he meant? She had a nasty, sinking feeling whatever Leo had promised previously, she was in for a very unpleasant time indeed.

Sam left her at the door to face her fate alone. She decided she couldn’t go straight to the study in her faded dress and boy’s boots; she would feel a little less vulnerable wearing something more sophisticated. Not having the assistance of her maid meant it took her much longer to wash, change and tidy her hair. Leo already knew she was back because Brown, ever vigilant, had seen her going upstairs

Finally satisfied that Leo could find no fault with her appearance she prepared to go down. She was dreading the forthcoming encounter, but the pride she felt in her accomplishment was giving her courage. She would not let her fearsome husband have it all his own way.

The crash of the door slamming open made her cry out. He erupted into the room and banged the door shut behind him. She stared dumbly at the stranger standing, legs apart, glaring at her, his eyes like flint.

Then, strangely, her fear vanished and indignation at his rude arrival took over. She, in her turn, raked him from the top of his dark head to the toes of his polished boots, with studied disdain. ‘I do not believe I gave you leave to enter my bedchamber, my lord,’ she stated coldly.

‘I am your husband; I don’t need your permission to enter any room in this house,’ he snarled. ‘If you had come, as you were told, to the study there would have been no call for me to be here.’

She raised her eyebrows and pursed her lips, but didn’t reply. She was in the right but felt it unwise to say so. ‘Now you are here, my lord,’ she deliberately emphasised the formal appellation, ‘perhaps we should sit down.’ Eleanor gestured to the two chairs placed on either side of the window. Without waiting for his agreement she moved to the chair on the left and sat down, taking the time it gave her to arrange her skirts and gather her wits.

He remained where he was. ‘I am deeply disappointed in you, Eleanor. I knew you were unconventional and given to rash impulses but never did I think you would sink to such depths. You have, by your appalling behaviour, disgraced yourself and me.’ He paused, perhaps wishing to choose his next words carefully, wanting her to understand the enormity of her actions.

She had heard enough. ‘I will apologise for going ahead with the renovations without your explicit consent; I will also sincerely apologise for my incivility earlier. However, I will not apologise for what I did; I am proud of what has been accomplished and if society condemns me for doing good then so be it.’ Her voice throughout her speech had remained composed and polite. For the first time she had been able to put forward her point of view, without fear, even in the face of Leo’s formidable temper.

The tightness around his jaw relaxed somewhat and he strolled over and sat down on the chair next to her. ‘I would appear to have been thoroughly routed, Eleanor, my dear,’ he said after a few moments. ‘In the face of your unanswerable logic I believe it is now my turn to apologise.’ A slight smile accompanied his words but his face was still far from friendly. She breathed an audible sigh of relief, believing her ordeal was over. ‘However,’ he continued, ‘I am still extremely displeased with you, Eleanor.’ He faced her with a stern expression. ‘I believe I explained to you your position in this marriage. Your decisions are strictly limited to the household and nowhere else. To involve Sam and Jed in your scheme was not well done; it put them in an impossible position. You should have realised that they risked dismissal for helping you.’

She was horrified; this had not occurred to her. ‘But you will not do so, will you? Please, Leo, I don’t care how you punish me but you cannot send Sam and Jed away, it was my fault.’

He sighed heavily. ‘You are impossible, Ellie. You do the most appalling things and then somehow manage to disarm me totally.’ He smiled, this time it was genuine. ‘If I agree to say no more on the subject, will you promise never to go behind my back again?’

She returned his smile, scarcely believing she was to come out of this unscathed. ‘I promise, Leo. I knew you would be cross, but never considered how others might be affected by my action and that was truly wrong of me. Will you forgive me? I have learned my lesson.’

‘Of course I do, ninny; it’s impossible to stay angry with you for long.’ He stood up, pulling her to her feet as a quite different kind of darkness filled his eyes. As he gathered her into his embrace he murmured softly into her ear. ‘Well, little bird, have you missed me?’

She tilted her head back to gaze into his eyes. ‘Oh yes, I have.’ A gurgle of laughter escaped unbidden, ‘But I am glad you stayed away long enough for us to complete the cottages.’

He tightened his clasp and crushed her against him, his mouth closing over hers in a hot, demanding kiss. Her knees buckled under his onslaught and he caught her up in his arms and carried her across the room to deposit her softly in the centre of her bed.

She stared helplessly at him as he shrugged out of his jacket and removed his cravat. If she wanted this to stop, now was the time to speak; when he joined her on the bed it would be too late. Was she ready? Could she bear to share her body with a man who didn’t love her?

Leo saw the expression of doubt flicker across her face and somehow he found the strength to resist. Carefully he backed away from the bed until he had put a safe distance between them. ‘I am sorry, sweetheart, I’m finding this so difficult; but you’re still not quite sure about sharing your bed, are you?’

She sat up and put her feet back on the floor. ‘If you wish to’ – she hesitated – ‘if you wish to make love to me I won’t stop you … but if you are giving me a choice then yes, I would prefer to wait. I know four weeks have passed, but we were apart the entire time and are still no better acquainted.’

She watched him closely. He was obviously tempted to accept the offer, but as a gentleman he would never force the issue. ‘No, love, I’ll wait until you come to me; that way I can be sure of your feelings.’ He picked up his mangled neck cloth and coat and turned to leave. ‘I had better speak to Jed and Sam, they must be feeling very insecure at the moment.’

‘I’ll be down soon, Leo. I want to hear everything that happened in London.’

As she watched her husband leave the room she was happy. For all his harsh words and fiery temper she had come to realise he was a kind and sensitive man. She had fallen in love with him, in spite of his faults, and she would always love hi, however he behaved and whatever he did. It would just make things so much easier if he could return her love, even a little.





Chapter Thirteen





‘But Rufus will not lead; John tried it before.’ Eleanor wouldn’t give up on her determination to take the horse with them to Rothmere, even if she couldn’t ride him when she got there.

‘If you think I’m going to ride him all the way there, in the middle of December, you have sadly mistaken the matter, my dear girl.’

How she hated it when he adopted that patronising manner. ‘If he does not come, neither shall I.’

Leo laughed at her. ‘You are a pea-goose. You know you would hate to stay here on your own, and anyway I wouldn’t allow it. Therefore I’m afraid it will be Rufus who stays. If I leave Hero to keep him company, will that suffice?’

She almost stamped her foot. ‘No, it will not, but as I’ve no choice in the matter it will be what happens, no doubt.’ She stormed out of the drawing room, leaving him chuckling, hatefully, behind her.

Eleanor ran upstairs to change out of her pale gold, long sleeved, dimity day dress into her old riding habit. Mary put away her clothes without comment; she knew what the disagreement was about. Indeed the whole house must as the heated discussions had been taking place loudly for the last two days.

On the way to the stable she had a brainwave. Rufus wouldn’t be led but he would follow her of his own accord. ‘John,’ she called as she arrived in the yard, ‘can you get the travelling carriage for me?’

John appeared, his face perplexed. ‘I’m sorry, my lady, I’d not been told you were going out today. I’ll get the horses put to at once.’

‘We’re not going out; I wish to try something before we leave tomorrow.’ She laughed, unwilling to explain her plan in case he objected and sent for Leo.

John called Tommy and another groom and in no time the carriage was ready, the four matching greys chomping eagerly at the bit. Eleanor felt it would be safe to reveal her plan now; too late for Leo to interfere even if he was sent for.

‘I’m going to let Rufus out and see if he’ll follow the carriage when I’m in it. If he does he will be able to come with us tomorrow and you can ride Hero and keep an eye on him.’

What John thought of her hare-brained scheme he was too polite to say. ‘Right you are, my lady. Where do you want us to drive?’

‘Around the park at first, and if it works we can go to the village and back,’ she answered sounding far more confident than she felt.

Leo couldn’t understand her reluctance to be apart from the horse. He had pointed out, quite reasonably, that she had left Rufus behind for a year when she went to India and they had both survived the experience. She was beginning to wonder if she was only insisting on his coming because her husband had said he could not. She wasn’t going to worry about that, she was going to see if her idea worked before agreeing to leave her stallion behind.

Rufus was led out and then released to stand, loose, beside the carriage. She scrambled up quickly and Tommy shut the carriage door and folded the steps away. She lowered the window and, hanging out, called her horse. The animal immediately pricked his ears and trotted forward to try and push his huge head through the window.

‘Go away, you stupid thing,’ she said laughing and stroked his nose. ‘Right John, pull away slowly.’

The carriage rolled forward and the chestnut kept pace; her surmise and been correct - as long as he could follow his mistress he would do so happily. The odd group had trotted and cantered around the park for half an hour when Eleanor decided they could risk a drive to the village. The lanes were too narrow to allow the horse to travel beside the window and she wanted to see if he would follow behind the carriage.

She had forgotten their exit ran past the study window where Leo was working. They had travelled only a short distance when a roared command to stop was clearly heard by all of them. The carriage instantly shuddered to a standstill, the horses tossing their heads at the delay. Eleanor was tempted to shrink into the corner but bravely decided to meet Leo head on.

She moved across and leant out of the window to see her husband rapidly approaching. He didn’t look overly impressed by her bright idea. Rufus, recognising a friend, welcomed him with an affectionate nudge that catching Leo unprepared, sent him sprawling in the dirt.

She jumped out, not waiting for the steps, and rushed over to help him up. ‘Leo, oh dear, I should have warned you he sometimes does that. Rufus, go away, you’ve caused enough trouble already.’

Leo rolled over, spitting out a mouthful of gravel and dirt as he did so. ‘In God’s name, Ellie, what are you doing? Why is this stupid animal running about loose?’ Eleanor opened her mouth to explain but he stopped her. ‘No, I don’t want to hear. It’s bound to be something completely idiotic that I end up agreeing to support.’

He sprung to his feet and without saying anything else picked her up and tossed her unceremoniously into the carriage. Then he jumped in after her and slammed the door. He poked his head out of the window and spoke to John sitting impassively on the box. ‘Carry on doing, whatever it is you’re doing, John.’

As the carriage resumed its journey he smiled down at her. ‘I shall sit here, my angel, as an interested spectator and no doubt, eventually, all will be revealed and I’ll discover what pea-brained scheme you’re involved with this time.’

She didn’t know whether to applaud his speech or box his ears. ‘I should have thought,’ she told him haughtily, ‘that even to a simpleton like you, my lord, it would have been obvious.’

Her long-suffering husband was having difficulty keeping a straight face but schooled his features into a look of such imbecility she lost her patience completely. Launching herself from the seat she attempted to give him a well-deserved box on the ears.

Instead she found herself quite inexplicably face down, across his knees. Before she could protest or wriggle free, he delivered a resounding slap on her posterior. Then he flipped her upright again, openly grinning, and held her at arm’s length.

‘Little termagant! I am almost twice your size, sweetheart, did you honestly think your attack would be successful?’

‘You are a bully, Lord Upminster, and you have just broken your word. You promised you would never raise a hand to me,’ she said indignantly, not sure whether to laugh or cry.

‘It serves you right,’ he replied unsympathetically, ‘I have just swallowed a shovelful of gravel because of you; one slap in return seems fair.’ He shoved her none too gently back onto the seat opposite, before continuing. ‘Now sit still and tell me what the hell you’re up to.’

She scowled darkly, still undecided whether she was speaking to him or not. Rufus then answered Leo’s question for him by sticking his nose in the window and whickering a greeting, then dropping back to trot beside the carriage.

Leo stared at the window at the horse, then back at Ellie. ‘You are either a genius or a madwoman, Lady Upminster. Do you intend that daft horse to follow us like a puppy all the way to Rothmere, tomorrow?’

She nodded, not really certain whether he was praising her plan, or ridiculing it. ‘He has always followed me when I’ve been on foot so I thought he would probably continue to do it when if I was in the carriage.’

‘It’s a wonderful plan, my darling, but will he still follow if the carriage window is closed?’ As her blank expression he continued. ‘I don’t intend to travel for hours, in the depths of winter, with my carriage window wide open.’

She shook her head, ‘I hadn’t thought of that.’

‘Well, we had better see if he does.’ Leo pulled up the window and fastened it firmly. They sat opposite each other, arms folded, listening for the sound of hoof beats outside.

The flap opened, in the roof, and John called down from the box. ‘The horse is still following behind, my lady, good as gold.’

‘Thank you, John; we can turn back now we know my plan works.’

‘You never cease to amaze me, Eleanor,’ Leo told her. ‘I suppose this means we are to arrive at Rothmere tomorrow with a loose horse trotting along behind, like something out of a damn circus parade.’

‘We don’t have to take Rufus, Leo, if it will embarrass you.’

‘Not take him? After all this fuss? No, he comes tomorrow.’ He smiled. ‘In fact, I insist he comes. It will be interesting to see the duke’s reaction.’

*

The strange cavalcade set off before dawn the next day; the coachman on his with Sam beside him, John, riding Hero and Rufus running loose. Inside Mary was next to Eleanor and Leo occupied the seat opposite. The trunks and other necessities had left the previous day so their clothes could be unpacked and waiting for them on their arrival.

They made excellent time and after two brief stops for refreshments and to rest the horses they were within one hour of Leo’s birthplace. ‘From this point on, the land belongs to Rothmere,’ Leo informed her. ‘We should be arriving in about an hour.’

Eleanor had known the estate was huge but to be able to travel for an hour, in a straight line, and still be on Rothmere land made her realise just how extensive it was. ‘How many guests will there be, do you think, Leo?’ she asked a few moments later. As they drew nearer the thought of meeting dozens of his aristocratic relatives was beginning to unnerve her.

‘I’ve no idea, Ellie, does it matter to you? You’re not worried about meeting them, are you?’

‘Not really; I was just curious, you’ve told me so little about your family; I ought to know who is married to whom at the very least.’

He straightened. ‘Then I will start with Gareth and Sophia, shall I, and work outwards?’ She nodded eager to learn about his relations. He continued. ‘Gareth and Sophia have three boys; Tristan, the eldest who is ten, Gareth who is eight and little Leo, who is, I think, now about four.’

The rest of the journey was pleasantly filled with Leo reciting the names, ranks and marital status of all the various cousins, aunts, uncles and in-laws who were likely to be staying for the festivities. When he had completed his catalogue Eleanor looked at him with awe.

‘Do you realise that even without children there will be over thirty adults? If everyone brings five servants, as we have, that will be more than one hundred extra mouths to feed and house.’ She could hardly take it in. ‘Rothmere must be huge to accommodate so many people.’

‘It is huge. In fact, Ellie, it’s a monstrosity, an ancient pile that should be pulled down immediately and rebuilt on a more manageable scale.’ She was shocked by his vehement criticism especially as it was in front of Mary. ‘I loathe the place and only agreed to visit for your sake. Gareth persuaded me it’s my duty to introduce you to everyone, and Sophia told me if I wasn’t intending to take you to London for a season, the least I could do was bring you to Rothmere so you can wear your new clothes.’

‘Thank you, Leo, but I wouldn’t have minded if we’d stayed at home, although I am happy to be here.’ Eleanor reached across and pressed his arm to reinforce her thanks.

‘I hope you enjoy it. But I feel it only fair to warn you, Ellie, I’ve not set foot in this place since I left some fifteen years ago.’

‘Never come here? Surely not? You’ve seen Gareth and Sophia and the children?’

‘They come to London for the season most years and I stayed with them when I was on leave.’ He glanced out of the window as if sensing they were almost there. The night was fully dark and the interior of the carriage becoming unpleasantly stuffy and cold. His hands were rigid as the carriage rolled to a stop. There was the sound of voices and lanterns appeared outside the window.

She joined him and placed her fingers around his clenched fist. For a moment he was unresponsive then slowly his fingers uncurled and threaded through hers. He closed his fist again and her hand was engulfed in his.

He twisted around and lowered his head to whisper for her benefit alone, ‘You will be the most beautiful woman at Rothmere, my darling, and I am the luckiest man alive.’

On their arrival the steps were lowered by an immaculate footman and the carriage door swung open. Leo ducked his head and stepped out, temporarily releasing his hold on her hand. On the bottom step he swung round, reached in and clasped her around the waist, then lifted her out in a flurry of petticoats to stand right beside him, her hand once more entwined with his.

They both remembered at the same time about the horse. ‘Rufus!’ Hearing his name the stallion snatched his head from John’s hold and barged round to greet his owners.

The two unlucky footmen, who were standing politely to one side waiting to guide the visitors in, didn’t stand a chance. Half a ton of excited stallion hit them in the back and they were, like Leo the previous day, face down in the gravel. Rufus walked over them, adding to their terror.

Leo calmly took hold of his halter with his free hand and shoulders shaking with suppressed mirth, led Rufus round to the stable block.





Chapter Fourteen





The manner of Lord and Lady Upminster’s arrival would not have gone unnoticed. Word had been relayed to the duke, ensconced in his palatial apartments in the East Wing and no doubt he was not amused. By the time Rufus had been safely installed in a loose box Eleanor’s nervousness had flown. She was more concerned about removing all signs of the stable yard from her smart, dark gold pelisse and straightening her pretty poke bonnet.

Mary finished her ministrations at last. ‘There, my lady, you look smart as paint. No one would know you had been visiting the stable.’ Mary’s tone suggested Eleanor should have known better. Satisfied all was as it should be she slipped her hand through Leo’s waiting arm.

‘I am ready now; Gareth and Sophia must be wondering what has become of us.’

He grinned. ‘No doubt they have already been informed of the spectacle we made on our arrival. Now, let us go in.’ He glared in mock severity at his wife. ‘And please, my love, don’t say anything outrageous or laugh immoderately, this is a house where humour is not allowed.’

‘You are an idiot, Leo Upminster,’ she giggled, ‘and far worse than I.’ He escorted her round to the grand front entrance where the butler and housekeeper were keeping watch for them.

‘Good evening, my lord, my lady, welcome home.’ Melville gave a low, reverential bow. The housekeeper curtsied and they were ushered into the cavernous entrance hall. The icy blast that accompanied them reminded Eleanor of Leo’s disparaging comments on the lack of comfort at Rothmere. They were taken upstairs immediately and informed dinner would be served in forty-five minutes.

Her room was huge and gloomy, furnished with old-fashioned, heavy dark wood. An intimidating, brocade hung, four poster bed dominated the far wall. Although there was a large fire burning merrily in the grate the room was freezing. The window curtains were moving in the draft.

Leo had followed her in. ‘I warned you the rooms are uncomfortable and cold, my dear.’

He pointed to a door in the panelling. ‘I’m through there, the door isn’t locked.’ Eleanor flushed at his reminder of her promise to go to him when she was ready. She swallowed and turned away shyly.

‘I’ll leave you to dress, Ellie. I will come for you in forty minutes. Rothmere doesn’t employ a gong; the place is so big no one would hear it.’ He strode to the communicating door and then paused. ‘Wear the rose crepe tonight, Eleanor.’ Having issued his order, he vanished through the door.

She was ready before the stated time and paced the room hoping the activity would keep her warm. Even with the addition of a cashmere shawl her evening dress was too flimsy for a room as cold as hers; she prayed the reception rooms downstairs would be warmer.

A light tap on the door heralded Leo’s arrival. He stepped through, immaculate in black. ‘You look breath-taking, my love.’ His eyes reflected his frank appreciation. ‘Are you ready? Good, then we will go down. Remember never to venture out of your room alone, you might get lost and starve to death before anyone finds you.’

His joke made her laugh and she was still smiling when they arrived at the main salon. The butler announced them and the gaze of all the occupants focused in their direction. Leo led her forward to meet her relatives. Eleanor curtsied and smiled and offered her hand to so many elegant people that she feared she would never be able to distinguish one cousin, aunt, or uncle from another. The one person she really wanted to meet was conspicuous by his absence. The Duke of Rothmere would not be joining them for dinner as he was indisposed.

Leo turned to Gareth in disgust. ‘He is never indisposed. He has never had a day’s illness in his life; he is without doubt one of the healthiest seventy-year-olds in the land.’

‘The duke is playing his usual games, Leo. Don’t cut up about it. You can go and see him tomorrow; it will be better to become reacquainted in privacy.’

Eleanor agreed with her brother-in-law. ‘I am relieved. I would much prefer to meet his grace, for the first time, in his own apartments.’

Leo relaxed and captured her hand. ‘I hope you’re not expecting to charm him, darling, he has a heart of stone.’

Dinner was announced before she could answer. Gareth headed the line with Sophia, dressed in a stunning gown made from the gold, Indian figured silk she had been given. Eleanor to her surprise found she and Leo were halfway down the procession and she commented on this, in a whisper.

‘I’m a lowly second son and don’t hold the title in my own right, Ellie.’ He frowned obviously remembering a past annoyance. ‘Although there’s a title and property which I could have had if the duke had wished to give it to me.’

‘You have no need of a title of your own Leo, or another property. We have more than enough.’

‘But any children that we have will be commoners.’

‘I’m a commoner and none the worse for it. I don’t believe any children we might have will suffer either.’ She wished to reassure him she was more than happy with what they had.

Even with thirty seated around the table each was marooned in an individual sea of cutlery and crystal. Eleanor was grateful her place was beside Leo and they were able to converse quietly throughout the meal. He kept her entertained with scurrilous anecdotes about the various members of his family scattered around the room. He drew her attention to a dandy in a violently striped waistcoat and shirt points so high he could hardly turn his head.

‘Avoid that macaroni; he’s a distant cousin of mine, infamous for his behaviour. Scandal follows him like a bad smell.’

‘What is his name? I’ve never met a black sheep. He looks ridiculous; I cannot believe anyone with sense would take him seriously.’

‘Sir Bertram Jenkins. I’m not funning, Ellie, he’s dangerous; avoid him.’

Their conversation ended as Sophia rose regally at the end of the elaborate dinner and led the ladies through to the Grand Salon. Eleanor was delighted when Leo appeared with the other gentlemen shortly afterwards for she had been finding the constant questioning from the ladies of rank quite exhausting. He threaded his way through the love seats and chaise-longue to drop, nonchalantly, beside her, much to the astonishment of an elderly, be-turbaned dowager.

‘Good heavens, girl, who is this man?’ Leo’s great-aunt Agatha had failed to recognise him.

‘I am your great-nephew, Leo Upminster, your grace, and I have come to talk to my wife. I hope you have no objection?’

‘Actually, I have.’ Her tone was garrulous. ‘I would have thought there was enough conversation between you in the bedroom.’ She stood up and nodded at a rapidly reddening Eleanor. ‘I would talk some more with you, young lady. You speak more sense than anyone else I have met here.’ Leo who had leapt to his feet, bowed again, and watched his great-aunt disappear towards a sea of similar turbans.

‘Thank goodness you came, Leo. It was only a matter of time before I said something to disgrace myself.’

He was sympathetic. ‘Poor love; elderly relatives are a sore trial to the young.’ He grinned at her as he re-joined her on the seat. ‘But console yourself, my dear; one day you will be an elderly interfering relative yourself.’

She stifled her giggles in the corner of her shawl, remembering Leo’s semi-jocular instruction not to laugh out loud. ‘Ellie, what on earth are you doing? You look as though you’re blowing your nose on that.’

‘Sorry,’ she spluttered, ‘but you said that I wasn’t allowed to laugh, I don’t recall that wiping my nose on my wrap was forbidden.’ She peaked at him, eyes brimming with mischief, from behind her shawl.

‘Baggage! Do you want to wait for tea or shall we escape now?’

‘I would love to go but won’t it seem uncivil?’

‘No, they’ll think we’re newlywed and going upstairs to celebrate the fact.’ He took her hands and raised her as he spoke so she had no option but to leave with him, her face a becoming shade of pink. A footman lit them to their rooms and on arrival opened her door with a flourish. The servant waited for her to walk through and looked astounded when Leo followed her and quietly closed the door in his face.

‘Leo, you shouldn’t have come in here.’

‘Why not? I’m your husband and you’re my wife, what could be more natural?’

‘A more modest gentlemen would have entered this room by the connecting door, not walked brazenly in with his wife,’ she scolded.

In answer he took her gently in his arms and feathered kisses across her face sending delicious tingles up and down her spine. Of her own volition she pressed closer, loving the feel of his hardness against her soft curves. To her consternation he immediately broke the embrace, unhooked her hands from behind his head, and moved away.

‘No, Ellie, my love; my resolve is strong but being so near to you is testing me to breaking.’ His mouth curved in a dark, warm smile. ‘You must not keep me waiting too long, darling; this is driving me insane.’ He left her there, wanting to follow him, but with legs that remained rooted to the floor.

Mary appeared from the dressing-room. ‘I’m sorry my lady, I didn’t realise you’d come up. I hope I haven’t kept you long?’

‘Not at all; I want to be up early tomorrow to explore, so please lay out my green worsted walking dress with the matching pelisse and bonnet, and also my heavy boots. You did pack them, I hope?’

‘Yes, my lady, I did. But I’m not sure you should wear such things here.’

‘Nonsense, they are warm and weather-proof and no one will see them beneath my skirt anyway.’

When she was alone she crept across the darkened room candlestick in her hand to place her ear against the dividing wall. She didn’t know what noises she expected to hear but the sound of marching feet was certainly not one of them. She slipped like a wraith in her long, white nightgown, back to the enormous four poster bed. Ignoring the steps she scrambled onto the soft feather mattress. The sheets were still warm from the hot bricks Mary had put in earlier. With the curtains drawn round it was almost cosy and to her surprise she fell asleep immediately.



Next morning dawned crisp and cold, the grass silvered with frost and the lake frozen hard. Eleanor ignored her chocolate drink in her eagerness to dress and go out to confirm, or deny, Leo’s scathing description of Rothmere.

‘Do hurry, Mary. I want to breakfast before everyone else is down and then go out for a walk.’

She paused recalling her husband’s joke about getting lost. She opened the door and looked around for a lurking footman; sure enough one appeared, alerted by the sound of her bed chamber door opening.

‘The breakfast parlour, my lady?’

‘Yes, thank you. Am I the first or are there others down before me?’ She realised she had thanked the footman, something she wasn’t supposed to do.

‘Lord Upminster and the Marquis are the only gentlemen down so far, my lady,’ the young man told her with a friendly grin.

The breakfast parlour was the same size as the ballroom at Monk’s Hall. The room was walled with long windows facing the park. An enormous table ran down the centre populated solely by her husband and brother-in-law. They both stood and bowed casually in her direction.

‘Good morning, my love, could you not sleep, either?’ Leo teased as he sauntered towards her.

‘Good morning, Leo. I’m so glad you’re here. And, as you asked, I slept very well, thank you.’

He smiled ruefully. ‘Certainly better than I did. Come and sit with us. What can I get you to eat?’

Over a leisurely breakfast she discovered the brothers were going to ride around the estate. Leo wished to see how things had changed since his last visit.

‘I shall ride Rufus and Gareth will take Hero. Do you want to come; there are dozens of suitable mounts in the stable?’

‘No thank you, I’m going to walk around the park, it looks so beautiful out there.’ She thought of an important question she wished to have answered. ‘Gareth what time is luncheon, I wouldn’t want to miss it.’

‘One o’clock.’

‘Will his grace come down and join us do you think?’

Leo answered, surprised at her ignorance. ‘Luncheon is only for ladies; gentlemen are expected to wait until dinner to eat again.’

‘So that’s why you always eat so much at breakfast,’ she answered laughing.

On her return from her walk at about half-past ten the house was still empty of guests. Mary removed her outdoor wear and boots and went to put them away. ‘I’ll not need you for a while, Mary. I’m going to explore indoors until nuncheon.’

She now recognised the route to the imposing main stairs and arrived, successfully, in the hall a few minutes later. She looked around for the friendly footman who had escorted her to breakfast.

‘I would like to be taken to the Duke of Rothmere’s apartments.’ If her husband would make no push to heal the rift between his father and himself, she must do it for him.





Chapter Fifteen





Eleanor wandered about the duke’s main reception room wishing she could change her mind and leave but she could hear voices coming her way.

‘Who did you say, Finch? Lady Upminster? Impertinent chit, I don’t recall inviting her to visit.’ The irascible voice could only belong to Leo’s father. She turned to face the double doors at the far end of the room. They were opened ceremoniously by two footmen and His Grace, the Duke of Rothmere, strode in.

She smiled in delight. He looked exactly like Leo, including the forbidding frown. Now she knew where Leo got his bad temper from. Remembering her manners she belatedly sunk into a graceful, deep, curtsy, trying unsuccessfully to hide her smile.

‘I am Leo’s wife, Eleanor, your grace.’

‘I know who you are girl, I want to know what the devil you mean by arriving here without an invitation?’

She straightened no sign of a smile now. ‘I am sorry, your grace, if I have intruded, but I was eager to meet you because Leo has told me so much about you.’

‘None of it good, I’ll be bound.’

She shook her head sadly. ‘No, I am afraid it was not.’

Taken aback by her frankness he asked, slightly less frigidly. ‘Well child, what did he say?’

She half smiled. ‘I am not sure I should tell you, your grace, it was not very complimentary.’

‘Tell me, if you please,’ he commanded.

‘Very well, if you insist. He said that you were the healthiest man of your age in the kingdom.’ She smiled and continued, ‘I suppose that is a kind of complement. And he also said you were impervious to charm, that you would dislike me on principal, and,’ she counted on her fingers, ‘that you had a heart of stone.’

The duke’s bark of laughter echoed round the room, surprising his two retainers who were guarding the doors. ‘Good God, miss, you are an original!’ He smiled, his slate grey eyes, the image of Leo’s, alight with amusement. ‘Come and sit with me. I wish to get better acquainted.’

She stayed with him until the time came for her to change for luncheon. The morning, she considered, had been well spent. After the meal she escaped and decided to visit the library until Leo returned.

This was on the first floor and ran the length of the West Wing and it shelved thousands of leather bound books. She had been there less than twenty minutes when Sir Bertram Jenkins accosted her. She was almost felled by his brandy fuelled breath; being in his cups made him more dangerous and less likely to be open to reason.

‘All alone, my dear,’ he said, his eyes riveted on her bosom. ‘Permit me to keep you company for a while.’

Eleanor took one horrified glance at the predatory gleam in his eye and started to retreat. ‘I am just leaving, sir, and I have no wish for your company.’ Her voice was correct and formal, a clear indication she wasn’t available for dalliance of any sort. Sir Bertram refused to be denied. He lunged forward, trying to trap her against the bookshelves. Stifling a small screen of distress she fended him off, but in the struggle a strip of the tiny roses that decorated her neckline was torn away leaving a gaping hole in her bodice.

This affront galvanised her into retaliation. She bunched her fist and punched her attacker in the eye; the force of her unexpected blow sent him staggering backwards and allowed her to escape. She ran down the library frantically searching for an exit. Halfway down she found a door and not caring where it led to, she snatched it open and fled through it.

Outside she was faced with a long hallway full of similar doors, none of which looked in the slightest bit familiar. She mustn’t meet anyone, even staff, with her dress torn so revealingly so must find her own way back to her room. Her heartbeat slowly returned to normal and as her fear receded it was replaced by indignation. She hoped, when she told Leo, he would call the obnoxious Sir Bertram out.



Meanwhile, a footman seeing Sir Bertram follow Lady Upminster into the library, and knowing his unsavoury reputation, raced downstairs to summon discreet assistance. Fortunately he met Leo on his way to join his wife.

On hearing who was in the library Leo took the stairs two at a time. He burst into the room just as Eleanor escaped but saw the strip of roses still clutched, incriminatingly, in his cousin’s hand. Giving Bertram no warning he grabbed his shoulder, swung him around and landed a massive blow full in his face. He followed it with several more shattering jabs to the body and with hardly a whimper the man collapsed unconscious.

Still blind with anger he leant down and was preparing to take his wife’s attacker and throw him bodily through the window when there was a discreet cough from behind him. Leo dropped his hand and gave the butler a rueful smile, his anger under control now. ‘Pity, I’d hoped to pitch this object out, but I suppose I must refrain.’

‘Indeed, my lord, most wise. Do not concern yourself. We will clear up here.’

Leo gave Melville a half bow of thanks for his timely intervention and hurried out behind the footman eager to find Eleanor before anyone else did. She was bound to be distressed after such an unpleasant incident.



Eleanor was glad to reach her room without meeting anyone. She hurried inside eager to remove the torn dress and wash the smell of her attacker from her person. Her maid was elsewhere and she was reluctant to ring; however discreet Mary was, the fewer people who knew about the incident the better.

In a matter of minutes the ruined dress was discarded and she had changed into a plain, long sleeved, primrose yellow gingham. She tossed the torn dress into a corner, doubting if she would ever wish to wear it again. Carefully opening her bedroom door she checked the corridor was clear, and then she flitted down the stairs and back into the Grand Salon where the ladies were taking afternoon tea.

‘There you are, my dear Eleanor, come and join us.’ Sophia patted the empty space beside her. ‘I have just been telling Lady Whitecastle about your treasure trove of fabrics.’

Eleanor slipped into the seat and smiled at her sister-in-law. ‘The gingham I used for this came from India, as well.’ She smoothed the material between her fingers. ‘It’s a lovely colour but rather too thin for the English climate.’

Sophia laughed. ‘Too thin for Rothmere, I think you mean. I do believe it is warmer outside in the stables, than in here.’



The tinkling laughter of the ladies was the sound that greeted Leo when he strode in moments later. He paused, his concern for his wife vanishing at the sight of her sipping tea and enjoying a comfortable coze as though she had not a care in the world. He had expected to find her collapsed in floods of tears, hiding in her room, waiting for him to comfort her.

Relieved this was not the case, but puzzled nevertheless, he strolled over to watch his wife from a distance. Eleanor felt his presence and her eyes flew to his. She saw the question there and smiled her reassurance.

‘Pray excuse me; I have something of importance to discuss with Lord Upminster.’ She stood up, dropped a polite curtsy, and walked over to him. ‘I am so glad to see you; I must talk to you in private.’

‘We will go to your bedchamber; we can be sure no one will wish to disturb us there.’ He pulled her arm through his possessively and they left, well aware their departure was being watched with amusement by some, envy by others and disapproval by a few of the more senior ladies present. Unfortunately the doting aunt of Eleanor’s attacker was one of them.

‘Have we created another scandal, Leo?’

‘I do hope so, my love; it’s far too long since anything out of the ordinary happened between these august walls.’ Chuckling quietly they mounted the stairs and quite flagrantly returned to their rooms hours before it could be considered necessary to change for dinner.





Chapter Sixteen





The skinned knuckles of Leo’s right hand caught Eleanor’s attention as they entered her room. ‘You’ve hurt yourself, Leo.’

He glanced down, flexing his fingers thoughtfully, before lifting her similarly bruised left hand. ‘As have you, my love. Shall we exchange stories, do you think?’ He led her to the comparative warmth of the fire. ‘Wait here; I’ll fetch some seats for us.’ She shivered and coughed as an icy blast of smoke-filled air belched out of the fireplace. ‘Devil take it! This room is colder than a bivouac in Spain.’ He placed two chairs as close to the flames as was safe then kicked the logs, sending sparks flying out onto the carpet. Stamping out the embers warmed them up nicely.

She viewed the selection of holes left in the rug with horror. ‘Oh dear, now look what’s happened. We’ve ruined this priceless Persian rug.’

He was unashamed ‘Serves them right for allowing your fire to die down. Now the new logs have caught it will soon warm up.’

‘Monk’s Hall is so much warmer,’ she said pensively. ‘Being a duke is not really as much fun as I imagined.’

They settled companionably beside the roaring blaze and for a while neither spoke. ‘Leo, I’m sorry but Sir Bertram tried to kiss me whilst I was in the library and I’m afraid I punched him in the eye.’ She glanced across to see how her unladylike behaviour had been received by her husband. After all she had promised to behave with decorum.

Leo, smiling slightly, collected her damaged fist and raised it slowly to his lips. His touch sent a surge of heat pulsing round her body. She wanted to snatch the burning hand away but could not. Sensing her disquiet he released her. ‘A worthy injury, my love, and I’m proud of you.’

‘You are? I’m so relieved, I was sure you’d be angry. I know I should have fainted and screamed for help but I was so incensed I had to punch him.’

‘So did I, my dear. I think Bertram will not forget his visit to Rothmere.’ He grinned, stretching out his legs towards the fire. ‘I was going to throw him out of the library window but unfortunately Melville stopped me.’

‘Leo! How dreadful! It’s fully thirty feet to the ground, you would have killed him.’

‘If he touches you again, I will do so.’ There was no trace of amusement in that statement.

‘Then I’m glad he has left. But you must try and remember you’re no longer a soldier; you must not consider killing everyone who annoys you.’

He chuckled at her gentle scolding. ‘I promise, sweetheart, I’ll not kill anyone if you promise not to put yourself in such danger again?’ His words were spoken humorously that his meaning was clear. She shuddered but managed a weak smile.

‘I promise. Are all husband’s so bloodthirsty or is it your military background that makes you fierce?’

‘Even Gareth, the mildest of spouses, would kill, without hesitation, anyone who had the temerity to offer injury to his beloved Sophia.’

‘Good heavens!’ She thought a little then nodded. ‘Well, it’s hardly surprising, I suppose, for you and Gareth are brothers after all.’ There was a tap at the door and Mary came in.

‘I beg your pardon, my lord, lady; may I light the candles and draw the curtains?’

Leo nodded and stood up yawning widely. ‘I’ll leave you to change, Ellie. We’re dining early tonight. Guests will start arriving for the ball at nine o’clock.’ He smiled down at her. ‘Are you looking forward to your first dance?’

‘Yes, of course. Will I be able to waltz now that I’m married?’

He frowned. ‘Only with me, Ellie, no one else.’

‘I’ve no wish to waltz with a stranger. But may I dance cotillions and quadrilles with other partners?’

‘I’ve no objection to that for I shall certainly not be doing so.’

‘Get your maid to call me when you’re ready to go down.’

‘There’s no need. I can find my way without getting lost.’

‘I’ll take you down, Eleanor.’ Surprised by his vehemence she nodded. The door closed behind him and Mary relaxed.

‘Are you wearing the green silk tonight, my lady?’

‘I am, Mary. I know emerald is an unusual choice for a first ball, but it’s such a beautiful gown and I doubt I’ll have an opportunity to wear it again anytime soon.’

By ten minutes before six o’clock Eleanor was ready. Mary arranged the flowing skirt of the first real ball gown Eleanor had owned. ‘I swear that dress is the exact same colour as your eyes, my lady. I never knew you had so much green in them.’

Eleanor leant over to examine herself. ‘Neither did I, I always think them more brown than green.’ She pinched her cheeks and compressed her lips hoping to add some needed colour. There was a soft knock on the communicating door. ‘Come in, Leo. I am ready,’ she called loudly quite forgetting a lady never raises her voice. ‘I’ve decided to wear the emeralds Aunt Prudence left me, they are a perfect match for this gown.’



Leo strolled in, an exasperated smile curving his mouth, prepared to take her to task. The words congealed in his throat. Could this beautiful stranger be his Ellie? The woman standing proudly before him, literally, took his breath away.

His eyes narrowed dangerously as they travelled slowly down her lustrous dark hair, arranged on top of her head and crowned with a circle of sparkling green gems, to the low neckline that emphasised her breasts and gave tantalising glimpses of their smooth white curves. His eyes followed the length of emerald silk, down to her toes peeping beneath the hem in matching dancing slippers. The skirt spread out around her feet made it appear she was standing in a shimmering pool of green.

He stepped forward, still without speaking, until he was so close they were sharing their breath.

She swayed towards him and his arms closed round her, holding her close to his pounding heart. His lips brushed hers in a gentle, tender caress and she was his for the taking. If he asked her she would have lain with him and given up the chance to go to her first ball.

‘Ellie, darling, you’re so lovely. I’ve never seen a woman as beautiful.’ He stepped back, to drop his arms and move away. ‘Now is not the time, my sweet. But, if you’re sure, then I will come to you tonight, after the ball.’

.‘I will be waiting, Leo, I hope you do not disappoint me.’

Startled, his eyebrows shot up. His bride was an innocent, what could she know about such things? He was about to ask exactly what she had meant but the moment was lost. ‘Come, Leo, I can no longer hear people going down. I don’t wish to be late, especially not tonight.’

Mary opened the door and they swept through, Leo taking her arm and tucking it firmly into his.

They arrived for dinner at precisely five minutes to the hour. They were so lost in each other they failed, at first, to notice the danger flickering in the air. Leo halted, and appeared almost to sniff, like a wolf sensing its prey. He stared down the long room to the tall man, leaning elegantly, in a pose exactly like his own, against the mantel shelf.

. He walked stiffly, his face expressionless, towards the father he had not seen for almost fifteen years, taking Eleanor with him. He halted and bowed formally.

‘Your grace, may I present my wife, Eleanor?’

‘How are you, my dear? I see you have not mentioned to my son that we have already met.’

She smiled enchantingly. ‘I am so sorry, your grace, I completely forgot.’ To the astonishment of the assembled spectators the duke roared with laughter.

‘Well, that has put me nicely in my place.’ He smiled at his son. ‘Leo, I have much to say to you, but I prefer to do it in private. Will you come to the study with me?’

‘It is six o’clock, your grace,’ Gareth reminded his father.

‘Then dinner will be late tonight. Will you come, my boy?’ His eyes implored Leo to follow, to take the first step to reconciliation. Leo looked from his wife, smiling innocently, then to his father, waiting hopefully.

‘I will come, your grace.’



Eleanor watched the tall men walk away together knowing that at last her husband could put his past behind him and learn to be a happy man. If he was content then, of course, she would be too. Total silence followed the departure of the duke and his youngest son. Sophia stepped across to Gareth, her face anxious.

‘It’s all very well for his grace to say dinner can be delayed this evening, but what about the hundred guests arriving at nine o’clock? We can hardly leave them seated outside in their coaches whilst we finish our meal.’

‘You are, as usual, quite correct, my dear. We will not delay dinner.’ Gareth turned decisively to the butler, Melville. ‘Have something sent in to his grace and his lordship, will you?’

Melville spoke quietly to a footman and then moved towards the door that led into the state dining room. Two flunkies flung open the doors and he announced loudly. ‘Lords, ladies and gentlemen, dinner is now served.’

Gareth and Sophia headed the queue and the rest fell in behind. Eleanor found herself on the arm of a young man with an extravagantly high collar and a violet silk waistcoat. Her eyes gleamed with barely concealed amusement as he tried to turn his head to talk to her.

His conversation was so vapid she was relieved when he abandoned the attempt and sat, pink faced, staring straight ahead for the rest of the elaborate and interminable meal. Sophia led the ladies out, not for tea, but to retire to their rooms to adjust their hair and smooth their gowns ready for the ball.

Sophia found Eleanor waiting, rather forlornly, on her own. ‘Come, my dear, the first guests are arriving I want to introduce you to everyone. You look wonderful; you have been receiving envious glances from several ladies already. There are will be a stream of them demanding to know who your dressmaker is before the evening is out.’

‘I wish Leo would return; he is to lead me out for the opening waltz and if he’s not here I’ll be obliged to sit it out with the debutantes.’

‘Remember, my dear, Leo and his grace have a lot of years to cover; a lot of bad feelings to bury. That cannot be done in five minutes.’

Eleanor sniffed. ‘I know that, but they have been closeted together for almost three hours, I cannot imagine what they can still have to say to each other after so long.’

Gareth joined Sophia and Eleanor on the stairs and the depleted reception line was ready to greet the first of their guests. For the second night in a row she was forced to bob and bow, smile and nod, to far too many total strangers. By the time the orchestra struck up she was exhausted and almost glad she was not to stand up for the dance.

She watched as Gareth led his lovely wife out in to the centre of the room to stand, poised, under the row of glittering crystal chandeliers. The conductor raised his baton.

‘I believe this is my dance, my lady?’ Leo bowed, and offered his hand; his eyes met hers and inexplicably her gown seemed too tight. Unable to speak she placed her hand in his and allowed him to lead her out to stand, as was his due, beside his brother.

The music started and Leo slid his arm around her waist and drew her close, far closer than was seemly. With her free hand resting against his chest he swept her away in the dance of love. Like all Wellington’s staff officers he had been obliged to dance, but unlike some he moved with a lightness of step that belied his size. She believed she was flying as he twirled her around; gradually other couples, including Gareth and Sophia, stood back to allow them to glide from end to end of the vast ballroom. They made a striking pair. Black and emerald intertwined. The young women sighed, wishing they had such a handsome husband, but the young men just watched, knowing they were outclassed. Only the dowagers muttered sourly that the behaviour of some young women left a lot to be desired.

The most vicious tongue of all was the aunt of Sir Bertram Jenkins. Her darling nephew had been doubly assaulted by the pair spinning round the hall. Then he had been sent packing and banned from ever visiting Rothmere again. She leant confidingly across to Lady Whitecastle sitting beside her. ‘My dear, Lady Whitecastle, did you hear that Lady Upminster met Sir Bertram in the library?’

Lady Whitecastle, an inveterate gossip, prickled with interest, anticipating a choice and tasty morsel was coming her way. ‘Surely you are not suggesting that Lady Upminster made an assignation? She is a new bride and so obviously in love with Upminster.’

‘It is not always as it seems. I know my nephew should not have gone to meet her, but he is young and susceptible, how could he refuse to meet such a beautiful young woman?’

Lady Whitecastle stared searchingly at the young woman smiling radiantly up at her husband as he led her from the floor. Lord Upminster bowed and kissed his wife’s gloved hand then turned and strode off leaving the young woman alone.

Instantly Eleanor was surrounded, like bees around a honey pot, with eager young men wishing to claim her for the next dance. Eleanor took the hand of one and allowed herself to be led to a set forming at the far end of the ballroom.

Lady Whitecastle turned back. ‘Pray continue; what transpired in the library?’

‘Well, the young hussy flirted outrageously and allowed herself to be kissed. However when she saw her husband enter she screamed and pretended she had been accosted.’

Lady Whitecastle’s face paled and her eyes turned again to the lively young lady spinning down the room, drinking in the attention of every besotted young man. ‘Good heavens, what did Lord Upminster do?’

‘He attacked poor Bertram and knocked him unconscious. He then had the servants evict him from the premises.’

‘Why did he not protest his innocence, explain what had happened?’

‘How could he? He is a gentleman. He would never besmirch a lady’s reputation, however well-deserved.’ Her poison spread, Bertram’s aunt finally noticed Sophia sailing towards her, an ominous expression on her face. ‘Please excuse me, I see someone I must speak to.’

Sophia glared after the woman’s rapidly retreating back. ‘What did she want, Lady Whitecastle? Was she spreading slander about my sister-in-law?’

‘Of course, I don’t believe a word of it, everyone knows what a bounder her nephew is.’ But Sophia had detected a certain coolness in Lady Whitecastle’s glance as it rested on Eleanor, blissfully unaware of the storm about to engulf her.

Eleanor’s thoughts, when she had the breath to think any, were of the night to come when the man she loved would make her his true bride.



By the time the next waltz was called the gossip had spread and inevitably Leo overheard the lies as he was heading for the ballroom to claim the dance with his beautiful, desirable, wife. Two young men, who had not been lucky enough to claim a dance with Eleanor, were discussing what they had heard. Leo was standing behind them, scanning the ballroom for his wife.

‘Do you think it could be true? What they are saying about Lady Upminster?’ Leo stiffened, bristling with anger; how dare these whippersnappers discuss his wife?

‘That she agreed to meet Sir Bertram and it went sour? No, I do not. It is malicious rumour and best ignored.’

Leo had been reaching forward to grab the shoulder of the speaker but at the young man’s words he dropped his hand and pushed forward. His brusque, ‘Excuse me’, caused the two men to visibly wilt and vanish into the press of people surrounding the ballroom. No doubt they knew the punishment that he had meted out to Bertram and didn’t wish to receive the same.

Leo saw his young wife, radiant, surrounded by attentive young man, and the poison settled into his heart. Insane with jealousy he strode across the room, his face hard and cold.





Chapter Seventeen



‘I believe this is my waltz, Eleanor?’

She smiled and looked up at Leo. Her stomach plummeted. What had she done to anger her husband? Whatever it was, it was bad, very bad.

She curtsied. ‘Yes, my lord, it is. But if you will excuse me, I am too fatigued to dance again, even with you.’

He nodded, the epitome of politeness. ‘Then I will escort you upstairs after you have made your adieus.’ She placed her trembling hand on his rigid arm and allowed him to lead her down the line of tabbies watching, sharp eyed, from the gilt chairs at the side of the ballroom.

She curtsied, nodded and murmured her good nights, a fixed smile pinned to her face. She prayed no one was able to detect her fear and see Leo’s anger.

The hour was approaching one o’clock and Mary was dozing by the fire when they entered. Before she could speak Leo summarily dismissed her. Eleanor wanted it over, whatever it was. ‘Well, my lord, what am I supposed to have done this time to so displease you?’

He let his eyes trail contemptuously up and down her figure but he didn’t answer. She flushed under his stare and anger stirred. How dare he look at her like this? She had done nothing to be ashamed of whatever he might believe. She glared back, her fear replaced by indignation.

‘I am waiting, my lord.’

His eyes narrowed at her defiance. ‘You might well ask, wife; I was under the impression I had married an innocent but I have been deceived.’

For a moment she was too shocked to speak. Her husband was accusing her of something so awful she couldn’t bear to name it even to herself. He took her silence as proof positive of her guilt. ‘So this is why you have been denying me my rights? You knew I would discover your deception if I shared your bed.’

Eleanor erupted, common sense and calm discussion were forgotten as her hurt burst out. ‘How dare you accuse me of such foul behaviour? You are despicable. How I ever thought I could be happy with you I cannot imagine. Get out of my room. Your presence makes me sick.’

Eleanor heard the click of the door as it closed behind him and her shoulders sagged. She stumbled across to the bed and collapsed; her eyes remained dry but her heart was in pieces. She lay their listening to the last carriages leaving and heard the silence of the night reclaim the house. Wearily she sat up, stiff from lying still for so long. She had to leave Rothmere, leave her husband, and find shelter somewhere faraway where he could never find her.

Decision made she felt better, stronger, ready to take back her life from Leo and become the independent, unencumbered person she had always wished to be. She grabbed the bell-strap and pulled it gently. Mary would have to organise the packing and alert John. The carriage would need to be ready. If she didn’t make her escape before anyone else was up she would be stopped; especially if either Leo or Gareth heard about it.

‘Is there something wrong, my lady, I thought you were abed?’

‘We are leaving, immediately. When I’m changed you must go down to the stables and tell John to put the horses up. I’m going to ride Rufus, so have him saddled as well.’

Mary shook her head but refrained from comment. ‘Will I pack some food for the journey, my lady, as we won’t be waiting for breakfast?’

‘If you can, Mary, but only if the kitchen is unoccupied. I don’t want to alert the household.’

The trunks were packed and John and two grooms crept up the backstairs to collect them. By the light of the full moon and with the frost crisp under foot, Eleanor slipped, shadow like, from a servants’ entrance and headed for the stable yard.

‘The baggage is aboard, my lady; I’m sorry, but it was necessary to place some of it inside.’

‘Is there still room for Mary?’

‘Yes, my lady, and for yourself if you wish to travel inside later on.’

‘Excellent. Then we must leave, I want to get a distance between Rothmere and us before anyone realises we’ve gone.’

John tossed her into the saddle and jumped onto the box. The candle lamps were lit on each corner, but their light was dim and without the full moon they would have been obliged to travel in near darkness. The subdued procession trotted out of the yard and took the tradesmen’s route behind the barns.



After a ball no one would be expected to rise before noon. Breakfast, for those who required it, would be served in their rooms. Melville and his army of servants would have the great house to themselves. By the time the first guests drifted downstairs everything would be immaculate, no sign of the previous night’s revelry apparent.

Leo had had time to think. Had he been mistaken? Her anger appeared to be genuine. His lovely young wife had turned her back on him in disgust and he had ruined any chance they had ever had of having a real marriage.

The girl he had married had turned into a woman and rejected him and his unjust accusations, totally. He wished his intemperate words unspoken, cursed his temper and his jealousy. He remembered how they had planned to pass the night and knew, by his unforgivable error of judgement, he had denied himself, perhaps for ever, the pleasures of the bedroom.

He abandoned any hope of sleep and at seven o’clock rang for his man to bring him water to shave. As the sky turned pearl grey and the first ribbons of pink appeared he headed for the stables. He needed a gallop to clear his head. John was nowhere around, which was odd, but a Rothmere groom appeared when he called.

‘Yes, my lord? Shall I saddle Hero for you?’

Leo hesitated; should he take Rufus this morning? ‘Yes, please. Is John not about?’

‘Shall I see, my lord? I reckon he’s having his breakfast.’

‘No, saddle Hero. I will speak to him on my return.’

Two hours later it was full light, but the sun had no warmth and the park was still white. Leo had achieved his aim; he was exhausted and ready to sleep. He returned to his room, almost knocked on the door of Eleanor’s chamber but refrained; she needed her sleep. Time enough to try and repair the damage he had done when they were both rested.

He half smiled as he sat for Sam to remove his mud spattered boots. Today was Christmas Eve; when Ellie saw the presents he had for her maybe she would begin to forgive him. He would beg her pardon, explain how he had come to make such a mistake, and pray the spirit of Christ’s birth would prompt her to take pity on him.





‘My lord, wake up, wake up. His grace is here, and wishes to speak with you.’

Leo was instantly awake. ‘Let him come in, Sam. Don’t keep him standing outside.’ He leapt out of bed and snatched up his brocade dressing-gown and barely had time to tie the belt before his father burst in.

‘Eleanor has gone, Leo. What in God’s name did you say to her last night to cause her to bolt?’

Leo strode across to the communicating door and flung it open; his father must be mistaken, Eleanor was in her room as she should be. But the room was empty, the bed unslept in and he realised, in that instant, that he loved his wife. That she was the most important thing in his life, without her he would merely be existing, not living.

As the enormity of his loss sunk in he slumped against the door frame in despair. His stupidity and filthy temper had driven her away. This was no more than he deserved, he wasn’t a fit partner for her. He straightened; glad now the marriage was in name only. It would have to be annulled; he would set his little bird free. She could have Monk’s Hall and he could go to the devil.

Whilst allowing in his misery he had been ignoring the duke quietly standing beside him. A firm hand on his shoulder shook him back to the present.

‘Get after her, my boy; it is never too late. That gal loves you and when she has calmed down she will be ready to forgive you.’

‘What’s the point, your grace? I accused her of being impure! I realise now I was insane with jealousy to speak such nonsense. I cannot ask her to forgive me, my position is irretrievable. I am going to get the marriage dissolved. It is all that is left for me to do.’

‘I have never heard such drivel. What are you thinking of, boy? If you love the gal, fight for her.’

‘I don’t deserve her. She’s too good for me.’

‘Poppycock! You are the equal of any woman in this country. Your birth is impeccable and so is your fortune.’

‘I have no money, your grace, apart from the funds from Aunt Prudence.’

His father shifted uncomfortably. ‘Not so, my boy, not so. I released your dear mother’s estates to you years ago and confirmed the title to you.’

‘What? Why was I not told of this? God damn it! I would not be in this mess if I’d known.’

‘From what young Eleanor told me, my boy, if you didn’t wish to see the estate in some wastrel’s hands to gamble and drink away, you had no choice, either of you.’

Leo scowled at his parent. ‘I would have been marrying for Ellie’s sake, not my own. Good God!’ His face miraculously cleared. ‘Of course, the money means I can put things right. I can give her Monk’s Hall and all Aunt Prudence’s funds. Thank you, sir, I apologise for my incivility.’

The duke laughed and slapped Leo, hard, on the back. ‘Forget it, boy. I have. Now time is passing; you must leave immediately. The sooner you sort things out with your young woman the better.’

‘I don’t expect her to forgive me, but at least I can give her what she truly deserves, her independence. Even as a chit of a girl she vowed she had no wish to marry and become any man’s chattel.’

‘Stuff and nonsense, my boy. Eleanor needs you as much as you need her. Give her a little time and space, she will come round.’

‘I pray that you’re right. Now, please excuse me, your grace, I have things to organise.’

Less than ten minutes later Leo, mounted on Hero, thundered out of the yard, Sam close behind. They were travelling light; the baggage would have to find its own way home.



‘You must go in now, my lady, it’s getting light. You’ve been too long in the saddle.’

‘No, John; I prefer to ride, Rufus will see I come to no harm.’ She leant down and knocked on the coach window. Mary lowered it, her face anxious. ‘We should be at Monk’s Hall in less than an hour, Mary. I’m riding ahead to warn them of our arrival’

Eleanor gave neither John nor Mary time to protest. She urged her mount forward into a canter and disappeared down the road. She knew the way from here; she had ridden this way often over the years. Rufus’s long raking stride ate up the miles until he could smell his stable. Without waiting for permission he broke into a gallop and she grabbed a handful of his flying mane to steady herself.

They raced down the drive and clattered to a halt outside the Hall. She dismounted with difficulty, finding her legs were unstable and for a moment she needed to hang on to the saddle to steady herself. ‘Stand, Rufus. Wait here. I’m going to knock.’

She hobbled up the marble steps and hammered on the door. She heard Brown’s footsteps as he headed in her direction. There followed the sound of the bolts being drawn.

The door swung slowly open. The butler’s mouth dropped. ‘My… my lady, we did not expect you.’

‘Of course you did not, Brown. Please get someone to take Rufus round and see to his needs. I require a hot bath prepared immediately and something to eat. I am sharp set for I have eaten nothing since supper yesterday.’ She gave her instructions briskly as she entered, allowing Brown no time to question her about Leo. ‘Mary and the luggage will be here shortly. See that there is someone to greet her and take care of things.’

‘Yes, my lady, at once.’

She paused on the stairs. ‘Have the tray sent up with the bath, oh, and send Smith to me.’ Aunt Prudence’s abigail was, since her mistress’s death, semi-retired but would no doubt enjoy the challenge of making Eleanor respectable.

The tray of coddled eggs and crispy fried ham with fresh bread and home churned butter arrived before her bath was ready. Eleanor wolfed it down. Every joint and muscle ached and groaned after her exertions and she sank into the hot bath with a sigh of pure pleasure.

For a few moments she relaxed and allowed the heat to seep into her weary bones, easing her stiffness and warming her chills. Her eyes flickered and closed and she began to drift into welcome oblivion.

‘My lady, you must not sleep in there, you could drown.’ Smith’s anxious voice jolted Eleanor from her dreams.

‘I’ll get out now, Smith; I’m so tired I can scarcely keep my eyes open.’

‘It is hardly surprising, my lady. I cannot believe you rode all the way from Rothmere.’ She enveloped Eleanor in a warm towel as she spoke. She was too fatigued to even dry herself unaided. Like a child she allowed herself to be draped in a warm flannel nightgown and led to her bed. She stretched out, feeling the warmth from the sheets soothing her tired body.

She had attended a ball, stayed up all night and then ridden for hours, small wonder she was exhausted. She snuggled gratefully onto her goose down mattress knowing she could sleep for a couple of hours only if she was to be gone before her husband arrived. Her party had made excellent time, but Leo was a soldier, he would travel even more quickly.

Whilst Eleanor slept the staff of at Monk’s Hall, organised by Brown, carried out her detailed instructions. Boxes of books, pieces of furniture, clothes, carpets and food were found and packed into an open cart and the coach. John, the grooms, and Mary were also enjoying a few well-earned hours of sleep.

Brown, once appraised by Mary of the reason why her ladyship had arrived so unexpectedly, was efficiency personified. He might be a stickler but he, like the rest of the staff, loved the new Lady Upminster and he would break all the rules to see her safe from that rogue she had been forced to marry. At 2 o’clock precisely Mary woke Eleanor with a hot drink and a tray of scones baked specially for her.

‘It’s time to go, my lady. Everything you asked for has been done. The coaches are ready outside. Two maids, two footmen, plus the two grooms and Tommy, the stable boy, as well as John, Smith and myself, have agreed to accompany you.’

‘That’s wonderful news, Mary. I still ache all over. It’s a good thing I’m travelling inside today. I’m sure I would fall off if I tried to ride.’ She yawned. ‘Do you know if Rufus is still sound?’

‘John said he’s as sound as a bell. He ate his fodder and drank a bucket of water and is eager to be off again. It’s a pity you have to leave him behind, but John’s says he would be too easily recognisable’

The staff had assembled, haphazardly, in the entrance hall to wish their young mistress farewell. Only Brown was privy to the secret of their destination and he would never reveal it. Tears glistened in her eyes as she left the house she loved, knowing she could never return.

She had her jewellery and all the money she been able to find. Taking the gold Leo kept in the study safe for expenses had felt like thieving, but she had no choice. Where she was going every penny would be needed if she and her small party were to survive.





Chapter Eighteen





The bells were ringing to celebrate the birth of Christ as Leo galloped through the moonlit countryside. He and Sam had already stopped briefly to rest their mounts and slake their thirst. For the third time he slowed his desperate pace and allowed Sam to catch up.

‘How much further, do you think, Sam? You’re a better judge than I.’

Sam stood in his stirrups and taking his eyeglass from his saddle bag, peered over the fields towards the distant sound of bells. ‘That’s the bells of Lampton, my lord, if I’m not mistaken.’ He sat down and folding his glass, returned it to the bag. ‘That means we have another ten miles, no more. We should be there in an hour.’

‘Good, I pray we’re in time.’ The two men relaxed, sharing a pasty and a few swallows of watered wine. The heavy breathing of the horses accompanied their meal.

Sam handed the flask back to Leo. ‘My lord, forgive me for asking, but why are you so desperate to reach Monk’s Hall? What is it you fear could happen there?’

Leo gathered up his reins and shoved his feet back in the stirrups. ‘She will not stay at the Hall, Sam. She will go elsewhere and then I might never find her.’

‘Not find her, sir? She’ll not travel alone, surely? And anyway a coach or two and a chestnut stallion should not be hard to track. Don’t despair, we’ve found smaller targets before this, haven’t we?’

‘You’re right, and Ellie and her entourage will be safely asleep when we arrive. I’m worrying unduly.’ He clicked at Hero and galloped off into the night and Sam had difficulty keeping him in sight.

Leo had expected the house to the darkness. Why were the lamps lit outside at one o’clock on Christmas morning? His mouth was dry as he vaulted from the saddle and ran up the steps. The door swung open as he raised his fist.

‘Good morning, my lord, we were expecting you.’ Brown greeted him, his words polite but his tone unfriendly.

‘Is Lady Upminster here, Brown; tell me man, is she here?’

‘No, my lord, she is not. She departed several hours ago. I have no knowledge of her intended destination.’

In his rage of disappointment Leo threw his gloves and whip across the hall. ‘God damn it to hell! Sam, we are too late, she has gone.’ The despair in his voice caused the butler to frown.

‘Do you require refreshments, my lord, before your bath?’

Leo didn’t answer. He strode across the hall and headed for the library. ‘Sam,’ he shouted, ‘bring two bottles of brandy.’ He was too late; he would drown his despair in alcohol; being drunk, the misery of his loss would be less painful.

Sam hurried after him. ‘My lord, Colonel; we will find her, but you need to keep a clear head. Be ready to leave at dawn. Getting foxed will help no one.’

He glared at his batman, his fist bunched and saw Sam brace himself for a blow. ‘Get out of my sight, damn you. When I require your advice I will ask for it.’ He slammed the door in his man’s face and poured brandy liberally into a glass.

Two decanters were emptied before he managed to sink into an alcoholic doze. He snored, stretched out in a chair, his travel stained garments steaming in the warmth of the fire.



Eleanor’s sad party stopped for breakfast in a deserted clearing deep in the heart of East Anglia. The horses were unharnessed and hobbled, canvas buckets of feed were tied over their heads and water was tipped from one of the barrels on the open cart into a canvas trough.

Eleanor and Mary found privacy in the dense trees for their relief while Smith helped the young maid servants and a footman set up a table and chairs for their meal. The air was crisp and cold, the ground hard, which had made their journey a trifle easier. The roads she had selected to use were often little more than farm lanes and so their progress, necessarily, had been slow.

‘John,’ Eleanor called her head groom over. ‘We’ll stay here for an hour. Make sure the men rest and take refreshments also.’

‘Yes, my lady. We’ve made good time in spite of the going and should reach Wenham before dark.’

‘Thank you, John. It’s hoped the young man you sent ahead has already arrived and warned the staff to have things prepared for our arrival.’

‘Matthew’s a good lad, my lady, and the horse he took is sound. He will have travelled at twice our speed; the staff at Wenham Manor will have had several hours’ prior warning.’

‘Come, Mary, I see the food’s set out. I have no appetite, but as Smith has gone to such trouble, I’ll try to swallow something.’

‘You must, my lady. You don’t want to fall ill, now, do you?’

The food on wooden trenchers was simple. Slices of cold game pie, homemade chutney and yesterday’s bread. They washed it down with water from the same barrel as had been used for the horses. Eleanor’s face was drawn, dark shadows hollowed her eyes.

‘Happy Christmas, Mary. It’s hoped the brightness of Christ’s birth reflects a little light on our sorry undertaking.’

‘Happy Christmas, to you, my lady. I’m sure things will turn out for the best. God has a hand in all our lives; all we have to do is listen.’

Eleanor smiled sadly. ‘It’s not the Christmas I expected. But I do thank God I have my health and my friends to sustain me.’ She stood up, shaking the crumbs from her crumpled green velvet travelling dress. ‘How well have we covered our tracks, John, should anyone be searching for us?’

‘Well enough, my lady; we’ve avoided towns and villages and have put a good many miles between us and Monk’s Hall. Doing our travelling at night means if we were heard, no one would have seen us.’

‘Now it’s daylight, we’re bound to be spotted; there will be workers in the fields soon.’

‘No, not today, my lady. Don’t forget it’s Christmas day; most folks have the day off. The fields will be empty.’

‘Excellent! For I doubt any labourer would ever forget the spectacle of, a travelling chaise, a carriage and large cart, followed by two outriders, passing by.’

The journey unwound and her new home drew nearer. She sat up and began to take notice. The flat fields stretched out on each side of them, their monotony broken by small forests and woods. She was going to miss the rolling hills that surrounded Monk’s Hall. The cavalcade had passed several hamlets and she was horrified at the dilapidation of the housing.

‘Mary, look at that, the roof is sagging and a stream appears to run straight into the cottage. How can the landlord leave his tenants in such misery?’

‘It does look poor around here. Much worse than home - Monk’s Hall I mean.’

The nearer they got to Wenham the worse the condition of the cottages. The hedges were overgrown and the fields poorly husbanded. Something was badly wrong. She knew of the problems caused by absentee landlords of unscrupulous land agents, she had read countless pamphlets on the subject, but she had never seen such blatant neglect.

‘Mary, I fear this is going to be far worse than either of us anticipated.’

‘We’ll manage, Miss Ellie, don’t fret yourself. There’s little that can’t be put right with a lot of hard work and willingness.’

‘And a lot of money, Mary, which we do not have.’

‘We’ll be fine; just think of what we experienced on our trips abroad. If we survived that we can survive anything. Isn’t that right, Smith?’ Mary appealed to the elderly lady half asleep in the corner of the carriage.

‘Oh, yes, quite right. Whatever the shortcomings of the staff and premises, there are enough of us to put things right.’

‘I hope you’re correct. I’m never returning to Monk’s Hall, not while Lord Upminster is in residence.’

The carriage lapsed into silence. No doubt Smith was glad she was to be of use again and Mary was praying matters wouldn’t be as bad as they feared. Eleanor, however hard she tried, couldn’t eradicate the darkly handsome face of her husband. She knew his behaviour had been unforgivable, that he had an ungovernable and unpredictable temper, but in spite of his many faults she still loved him.

She had made her choice and now she would have to learn to live without him. She was grateful they were married for this meant she would never have to share her life with another man. If she could not have Leo then she would have no one.

As they trundled nearer their destination she reviewed their finances. The jewellery, some purchased in India, some inherited from her aunt, should fetch several hundred pounds, if she could find a buyer in such a godforsaken part of England. She calculated the £115 in gold coin and the £20 or so in silver and bronze would be more than sufficient to see them through until John could find someone in Norwich to take the jewellery.

She gazed out of the window at another row of ramshackle rough cottages, its occupants too idle, or too dispirited, to come out and stare.

John raised the lid in the roof and called down. ‘Matthew’s riding back to meet us, my lady, he should be here in five minutes.’

‘I hope he brings good news. Can you see if he looks happy, John?’

‘No, my lady, he has his hat pulled down low against the biting wind. Shall I stop?’

‘Yes, I’ll get out and talk to him.’

Tommy, the stable boy acting as groom, scrambled down from the box and removed the folding steps and set them out. Eleanor descended and her bonnet was whipped from her head; only the ribbon round her chin restraining it.

‘Goodness, it’s so much colder here. The wind’s so sharp - and is that snow I can see in the fields, John?’

‘It is, my lady. We’re a good deal further north than Monk’s Hall, it’s bound to be colder; look, here’s Matthew.’

The young man, his face invisible under his muffler, reined in beside the stationary vehicles. He dismounted nimbly and removing his hat came over. He was grinning. ‘The Manor’s in some need of repair, my lady, and understaffed because no one has been in residence for years. But the housekeeper, Mrs Anderson, says as she’s delighted that you’re coming. She has had some rooms cleaned and fires lit; you won’t be displeased with your welcome.’

Eleanor unclenched her fists. ‘Thank you, Matthew. Is it much further? Will you lead the way?’

‘Mile or so, no more.’ He swung back into the saddle and trotted off to lead them to Wenham Manor.

They didn’t pass the village of Wenham, this was on the far side of the Manor, but they did pass several rows of rundown cottages that were, she was relieved to see, not in such gross disrepair as those they had seen earlier.

They turned through the rusty lop-sided gates and bowled along the weed infested drive. The trees hung darkly across their route and cut out the remaining light. The carriage, after travelling in darkness, eventually emerged into the fading light and she had her first glimpse of Wenham Manor. Every window was filled with welcoming light, the imposing front door stood open and the elderly housekeeper waited on the steps to greet them, her face creased with smiles.

In the excitement and relief of their arrival Eleanor ignored the broken shutters, peeling paintwork and slipped tiles. She stepped into the stone flagged entrance hall flanked by a beaming Mrs Anderson and three smiling, bobbing maids. She stopped enchanted by the sight that greeted her. The hall had been decked with holly and ivy and red ribbons had been pushed amongst the branches. An enormous, sweet scented, yew log burnt in the cavernous grate. The whole was lit by hundreds of candles.

‘Oh, look at this, Mary. It’s so lovely. What a wonderful welcome.’ Impulsively she grasped the housekeeper’s hands. ‘Thank you, Anderson, I shall never forget the trouble you’ve taken today.’

‘It were nothing, my lady. It is Christmas after all, it were lovely to have the excuse to decorate the place how it should be. Now come on in do, your chambers are all ready, and there’s a hot bath waiting for you. I’ll not show you up meself, a lass can do it, I’ll get back to the kitchen. I’ve a Christmas meal cooking for you; it will be served in the dining-room in an hour, if that is acceptable?’

‘That will be wonderful.’ Eleanor smiled at the girl waiting to escort her to her new rooms. ‘Come along then, show me the way, I wish to see my accommodation.’

The girl led the way up the wide central oak staircase. It led to a gallery which overlooked the entrance hall. ‘This way, if you please, my lady. Your rooms are at the back; they face the park and get the sun in the morning.’

.The runners were threadbare but the wood was polished and there was no sign of neglect inside the ancient building. The girl stopped in front of an ornately carved door. ‘Here we are, your ladyship. The room was large and square, mullioned windows filled the far end; an enormous oak bedstead, piled high with feather mattress and comforter, stood centrally, and on the right, opposite the bed, a roaring fire blazed in the cast iron grate. In front of the fire, screened from the window draughts, stood a large hip bath. The lemon scented water drew Eleanor towards it.

‘Thank you, my abigail can manage now.’ The maid dropped a curtsy and vanished through a cleverly concealed door in the wall to the right of the fire.

‘This is very acceptable, Mary. And it is considerably warmer than the room I used at Rothmere.’

‘Indeed it is, my lady.’

A banging and bumping could be heard on the other side of the panelled wall. She looked at Mary with astonishment. ‘Have we noisy ghosts here, do you think, Mary?’

‘Oh, my lady, I hope not!’

There was a loud knock on the hidden door. Eleanor laughed with relief. ‘It’s the trunks arriving. There must be a passage running behind that wall.’

Mary hurried to the door and the two footmen staggered in, trunks balanced on their backs. ‘Put them there, boys. You may leave the rest outside; they can come up tomorrow.’ Red-faced and puffing the young men retreated; presumably glad they didn’t have to manhandle anymore boxes up narrow stairs and the maze of dark corridors that must make up the servants’ route. Mary locked the door behind them. ‘Now you can take your bath, my lady, and I’ll sort out your garments while you do so.’



Downstairs, Smith had taken it upon herself to play the role of housekeeper and had allocated rooms and bedding to each of the indoor staff that had travelled with them. John found dry stabling for the tired horses in a derelict building and temporary accommodation for the two grooms, stable lad and himself in a cluttered room above the animals. Eleanor had thoughtfully included palliasses and warm blankets in the cart, so no one would have to sleep on the boards.



The heavy oak table in the dining-room groaned under the weight of food set out for Eleanor. She sat in solitary splendour and forced herself to try a morsel of each lovingly prepared dish. The cook came in to see if the meal had been enjoyed.

‘Thank you, Anderson, that was truly delicious. You have made what I expected to be a miserable Christmas Day into a happy occasion.’

‘You be very welcome, my lady. It’s a true pleasure to have a mistress in residence after so long.’

‘Please make sure all the staff shares in the feast. I’ll require nothing else this evening. I hope you’ll be able to enjoy your Christmas meal without interruption.’

She was escorted to her chamber by Smith. It helped having familiar faces serving her, but the strangeness of the mansion with its low ceilinged reception rooms and heavy black beams, seemed to weigh her down.

‘I have warmed the bed, my lady, and the chamber pot is behind that screen. Will you need anything else?’ Mary asked.

‘No, Mary. Go and enjoy your meal. I’m sure I’ll sleep tonight; I’m exhausted after all the travelling we’ve done.’ Her pillow was saturated with tears long before she fell into a deep, dreamless sleep





Chapter Nineteen





The rattle of the bed hangings being drawn back woke Eleanor. ‘Good morning, my lady; it’s nine o’clock and I know you don’t like to sleep in.’

Eleanor rubbed her gritty eyes and yawned. If she had slept so long why did she still feel exhausted? ‘Put out my divided skirts, and heavy boots, Mary. I wish to explore my new home.’

‘But it’s Boxing Day, my lady. None of your tenants will expect a visit so soon.’

‘More reason to go then. They will have no time to hide from me. I want to know why the estate is in such disrepair. I remember Uncle George telling Aunt Prudence, when she inherited Wenham Manor, that it was a veritable goldmine. So why is it so poor now? I need to know what has happened here.’

‘As you wish, my lady.’ Mary’s tone alerted her to her folly. It would be unfair to descend on her tenants on one of their few days respite, however eager she was to get answers.

‘You’re right, Mary. I’ll concentrate my attention on the Manor and grounds today. I’m sure there is plenty here to occupy me.’

‘I fear you’re in for a nasty surprise. John says the stables and barns are all but falling down and I noticed several places in this roof where the tiles are missing.’

‘As bad as that?’ Mary nodded. ‘I cannot understand how this has happened; where has all the revenue gone? It certainly hasn’t arrived at Monk’s Hall. I only knew Wenham was still part of the properties once owned by Aunt Prudence because I found the deeds, which were hidden away in the back of the safe when I was looking for money to take with us. I realised then Wenham Manor was the perfect place to go.’

Mary’s eyebrows disappeared under her cap. ‘I can’t believe it! Where were you intending to take us then?’

‘I’ve no idea, Mary. I just knew we had to get away from Monk’s Hall. The hand of God led me to those deeds, it must have been. I was praying hard enough for a solution.’

‘Well, I’m glad that he did or we’d still be wandering around in the cold like lost sheep.’

The vast flagged hall was gloomy and the greenery looked less attractive in the puddles of weak sunlight that had managed to find its way through the leaded casements. The yew log was burning fiercely in the grate and she was glad of it. Even with several layers of wool she was finding it hard to keep warm. She stared around; the vaulted ceiling and massive carved oak stairs, flanked by lopsided suits of rusty armour, the dark panelled walls, the axes and shields from a bygone age hanging above the fireplace, all gave the hall a heavy, old-fashioned feeling.

Smith, dressed in black, appeared from a dark passage on the far side of the stairs. ‘Good morning, my lady, shall I direct you to the small dining-room?’

‘If you would; I need to speak to Anderson as soon as I’ve eaten. Ask her to join me in the library.’ She stopped and shook her head. ‘Is there a library, Smith?’

‘Yes, there is. There is also a study, which is smaller and, if you don’t my saying so, much warmer than the library.’

‘Then I shall use the study, thank you, Smith.’

By midday Eleanor had established herself firmly as the head of the household. She knew where the most urgent repairs were needed and where the most skilled artisans were to be found. She also confirmed Smith as housekeeper, and Anderson as cook. John was next on her list. He arrived in the study incensed by what he had discovered.

‘Sit down, John; tell me, just how bad is it outside?’

‘Bad, my lady, very bad. A new roof is needed at the stables and the barns are so ramshackle it might be best to pull them down and start again.’

‘Will it be expensive? Funds are short, as you know.’

‘The five of us can do most of it and if we use salvage it shouldn’t be too dear. But the outbuildings are not the worst of it. I hardly know how to tell you what I’ve discovered.’

‘Go on, John, I have to know what I’m facing.’

‘Very well, my lady. The land agent, Foster, who took over from his father when he died a few years back, is a nasty piece of work from all accounts. He evicted the rightful tenants and cottagers and installed his own family and friends in their place. The poor cottages we passed had been condemned by old Foster. They are now occupied by the displaced people. They had nowhere else to go. The Poor Rate is all most of them have to live on. It’s a disgrace, that’s what it is. The houses are not fit for pigs, let alone a family with little ones.’ This was the longest speech she had ever heard him speak.

‘And I suppose the illegal tenants are dwelling in well-kept homes and young Foster is living like a lord at my expense?’

John nodded. ‘That’s the right of it, my lady. The village is divided; those who have benefited from that scoundrel’s corrupt practices support him and the others are against him.’

‘I’ll call him here and dismiss him. Then I’ll appoint a new estate manager and put things back as they ought to be.’

John hesitated and cleared his throat. ‘Forgive me, but it isn’t as simple as that, my lady.’

‘Why? I’m the mistress here, it’s my right to appoint and dismiss staff.’ Her voice became less certain when she saw John’s expression. ‘It is my right, isn’t it, John?’

‘Not in law, my lady; this property is owned by Lord Upminster and Foster doesn’t have to take orders from you unless told to do so by Lord Upminster.’

Eleanor dropped her head into her hands. The only way she could intervene in the running of the estate was with her husband’s support and that she would never apply for. She straightened; she had to make the best of what she had.

‘Will there be any problem if I employ the displaced cottagers?’

‘No, I doubt it. The manor and its grounds are within your domain, it’s the farms and tenants you’ve no jurisdiction over.’

‘Then that’s how it will be. John, I wish you to become my Man of Affairs. Is there one of the under grooms who can take your place in the stables?’

He stood up and beamed. ‘Thank you, my lady I’ll not let you down. Young Matthew Jeffries is ready to take my place as head groom. I’ll draw up a list of what needs doing. May I return with it later?’

.She sat pensively studying the notes she had made. There was so much work to be done to restore this lovely old house and so little money available to do it. She had no one to talk to about her concerns. Mary, John and Smith were both literate and numerate but they were still her employees, not her equals. This was a burden she had to bear herself.



The Twelve Days of Christmas passed and the festive evergreens were removed. The empty hall looked bleak and unwelcoming bereft of its finery.

‘Smith, have you sent anyone up to search the attics yet? Is it possible that there are still treasures stored away up there?’

‘I’m afraid not, my lady. What there was has gone out to John to furnish the rooms above the stable. That was nothing of any worth.’ Eleanor was puzzled. She understood her aunt and uncle had never resided at Wenham Manor but Lord Dunstan had visited several times and his glowing description of the interior didn’t match what she found.

‘I would like to see the Anderson now.’ A tentative knock on the door heralded the cook’s arrival. ‘Sit down, Anderson; I have questions that need an answer.’

The cook paled at her formal tone. ‘I will help in any way, I can, you know that, my lady.’

Eleanor leant forward, her eyes narrowed. ‘Well, tell me this, if you please. What has happened to the furniture, rugs, paintings, silver and plate that belonged to Wenham?’

The woman ostentatiously wiped her eyes on her snowy white apron. ‘Oh dear, my lady, it was awful. When old Mr Foster, God rest his soul, passed on, his son took over and he’s a black hearted villain. He stripped the house of everything of value and there was nothing I could do.’ She wrung her hands piteously. ‘How could I stop a man such as him?’

Her fine performance did not fool Eleanor. Her voice dripped scorn when she answered. ‘Why did you not contact Lady Dunstan immediately?’ Anderson shrunk into her seat. ‘I will tell you why because you are in league with him. You are dismissed. I want you away from here before dark or I will have John throw you out. Do I make myself clear?’

The cook’s obsequious manner vanished. She jumped to her feet, her face contorted with rage. ‘You’ll regret this, my girl. Mr Foster will have you out of here. Everyone knows you’re here because Lord Upminster has banished you, because you’re a disgrace to his good name.’

‘Get out of here. Remove yourself from my sight.’ The raised voices had attracted the attention of Smith and the two footmen. Eleanor was relieved to see them. ‘Smith, this person is to leave Wenham Manor instantly. She will take nothing with her. She will not return to her room. See her out of the gates.’

‘Yes, my lady.’ Smith replied, her face stern. The two footmen grabbed the flailing arms of the once pleasant cook and dragged her, heels kicking, from the room. Her screams of abuse and wild threats echoed behind her.

Eleanor sank back into her chair trembling uncontrollably. Had she done the right thing? The wretched woman had seemed so plausible, so pleasant and welcoming, why hadn’t she seen it was a facade masking a dark and vicious nature? There were heavy footsteps approaching the study and she quailed. Surely it wasn’t the hated Foster here so soon to extract revenge?

John, his face shocked, appeared in the open doorway. ‘Is everything all right, my lady? It should never have happened. It’s my duty to see to such unpleasant matters. Why didn’t you call me?’

‘Thank you, John, I am almost recovered. I’m glad to see you; do you know that Foster has sold all our furnishings. I suppose this means the three girls are also in with Anderson?’

‘It would seem likely, yes. I think we must have them in here, in turn, and see where their loyalties lie.’ He reached over and pulled the bell-strap.

Smith appeared almost instantly, looking flustered. ‘Oh, my lady, I was just on my way. What a to-do there has been. The three girls have all gone as well. I never hope to hear such language again!’

John looked serious. ‘That answers our question, my lady. We’re better off without them; all inside people have to be trustworthy.’

‘We cannot run this house with so few staff; we’ve no cook and no kitchen maids now.’

John stood up. ‘I think I know how to solve that problem. I’ve employed several men from the cottages and know there are women down there equally desperate for employment.’

Eleanor relaxed a little. ‘Send someone down to ask. We need a cook and three girls for general duties.’ She looked across at Smith worried double duties might prove too much for the elderly spinster. ‘What about gardeners and outdoor people, John?’

‘The park grounds are overgrown and the kitchen garden is more weeds than vegetables. Four men could make a start on righting things. Unfortunately we have no accommodation for them; they will have to work at day rates.’ This meant that they had to be paid in cash at the end of each working day. Live-in staff were paid monthly, or even six monthly, in arrears. A better proposition for someone as stretched for funds as she was.

John went off to search out the extra staff and Smith was left to organise the clearing of the rooms occupied by the four women. Eleanor felt overwhelmed by the responsibility and worry. She had always wanted to be independent, to run her own affairs; but was now discovering how difficult this could be for a woman on her own. She began to appreciate why most left such matters to their husbands and concerned themselves exclusively with domestic issues.

The women who arrived just before dark were a pathetic sight. Their garments so patched and worn it was hard to tell what colour they had originally been. Eleanor left the selection to Smith and John. She would find it hard to turn anyone away, even the most unsuitable of the candidates.

Dispirited and lonely she wandered through the sparsely furnished house and wished she was back at Monk’s Hall. Tears rolled unbidden down her cheeks. Her life was in ruins. She was a wife, with all the restrictions and none of the advantages. Had she been too hasty in judging Leo? Had she once again acted impulsively and landed herself in a situation she wasn’t capable of solving? Too miserable to eat she retired to bed and for a second night cried herself to sleep.



Leo woke Christmas morning with a head like a bear-pit and a mouth to match. Sam was unsympathetic and unnecessarily noisy as he moved about the room. ‘What time is it, Sam?’

‘Past mid-day, my lord,’ was the terse reply.

‘Hell’s teeth! What can I have been thinking of? The trail will be cold by now. We should have set off at dawn.’

‘Yes, my lord.’

‘Sam, do you wish to remain in my employ?’ Leo asked smoothly.

Sam scowled. ‘I ain’t sure that I do, sir.’ This unexpected answer jolted Leo out of his post- drunken daze.

‘Good grief, Sam, you don’t mean it, do you? I know I’ve behaved badly, but not so beyond the pale that you wish to quit?’

‘Can I speak plain, my lord?’

‘Yes, go on, man.’

‘You married the best young lady any man could hope to find; you were as happy as a lark in her company and then you threw it all away in a fit of jealousy.’ He paused, his face contorted with worry. ‘Where has the little lass gone, my lord? How will she manage out there on her own with no one to protect her?’

‘And if any harm comes to her, it’s my fault? Thank you, Sam, you’re absolutely right. You’re telling me what I already know.’ He swung his legs onto the floor and stood. Wincing, he grabbed the bedpost as his eyes blurred and his stomach revolted. ‘Now isn’t the time to leave, Sam, I need your help. We have to find Eleanor. I cannot do it speedily enough on my own; will you help me, please?’ Leo rarely said please to anyone under his command.

‘Very well, I’ll not make a decision until I know Lady Upminster is safe and well. Then I’ll decide.’

Leo dressed quickly not prepared to wait for Sam to assist him. He hadn’t adopted the skin tight unmentionables and Weston coats that needed two men to pull them on successfully. He shrugged into his comfortably fitting navy blue superfine and pulled on his Hessians. He was focused and ready for action. He had lost a skirmish but the real battle was yet to be fought.

He ran downstairs with Sam at his heels. He had letters to write. He was recalling his troops for action. If he was to locate his wife it was going to take more than Sam and himself. With good fortune on his side within a few days soldiers, men he had fought beside, that he had led into battle, would start arriving at Monk’s Hall.

While Sam galloped off to take the letters to the nearest post house he drew up his plan. Using the maps spread out on his desk he worked out all the possible routes Eleanor could have taken if she had wished to avoid being seen. He was intending to send pairs of men down each road to search for her.

When she was found the second man could return, post haste, leaving the other to watch and wait for him to arrive. Satisfied his plan was as faultless as it could be, he sat back, kneading his neck with his fingers. The duke had been right; he wouldn’t give Ellie up without a fight.

If, in the end, however, if she decided she wanted no more of him, he would release her from her vows. He knew, of a certainty, that whatever she felt he would never be free: he would love her until his very last breath.





Chapter Twenty





The new people melded seamlessly into the weave of life at Wenham Manor. The drive lost its growth of weeds, the rickety gates were straightened and both horses and grooms now had a rain proof roof over their heads.

All this had been achieved with a minimum of expenditure. Eleanor had not needed to dip deeply into her meagre stock of gold sovereigns. Wood from the dismantled outbuildings was recycled to repair the stables. Bricks and stones from the same source were used in the same way.

Eleanor was never happy, she believed she would never experience that wonderful feeling again, but at least her life was tolerable and for that she had to settle. Helping the destitute did give her a sense of satisfaction but it could hardly compete

In three weeks she had seen remarkable changes. The manor house looked cared for outside, although the inside remained somewhat lacking in comfort and style. She felt herself sufficiently settled to venture, with both John and Mary for support, into the village. On a fine cold morning in the middle of January she left the grounds for the first time since she had arrived.

John, smart in his new brown tweed cloth coat and black breeches and boots, sat opposite to his mistress and Mary, demure in grey worsted, sat beside her.

‘I’m a little concerned our reception will not be favourable, John. From what you’ve heard, Anderson and Anderson have many supporters.’

‘There are as many locals who welcome your arrival, my lady. You have offered hope to several families on the verge of starvation.’

‘I know, John, but what about the soldiers and sailors who have returned here now they’re no longer needed for the war? Which side will they take?’

Mary pursed her lips. ‘The side on which their bread is buttered thickest, most like.’

Eleanor chuckled. ‘No doubt you’re correct. Perhaps we can entice them to our side by offering them work. John, I think it’s time you took my jewellery to Norwich and tried to sell it.’

‘Oh, my lady, not the lovely things you got in India, and the family pieces Lady Dunston left you?’

‘I’m afraid so, Mary, I no longer have need for diamonds and emeralds.’

Conversation ceased as the carriage rumbled into the main, indeed the only, street of Wenham village. Eleanor saw little to impress. The mean cottages they passed had patchy, moss-stained lime washed walls and unkempt gardens. The village boasted one inn, The Bull, which looked in danger of collapse, with rotten thatch and crumbling walls. There was a huddle of commercial buildings which included general stores, a cobbler’s, and undertakers. The smithy was the only premises that showed signs of life.

The duck pond was deserted of both birds and people and the large green was home to a few sheep and two scruffy goats. ‘What a depressing place; where is everyone? I thought at least the legal tenants would be prosperous and spending their money in the village. There’s no sign of business anywhere.’

‘There were plenty of folk at the inn as we drove past,’ Mary said sourly.

John tapped on the opening in the carriage roof. A fresh young face appeared in the gap. ‘Drive through and take the next left hand lane; it will take us round and back to Wenham Manor.’

She was thoughtful on the way back. If Foster’s people were living in poor circumstances where was all the money from her farms going? ‘John, can you find out where Foster lives and in what manner?’

‘I can tell you now, my lady. He has bought a substantial property in Norwich and is living the life of a gentleman.’

‘On my money? How dare he? Why did you not tell me this before?’

‘There’s nothing you or I can do to change things. I’m sorry, I should have told you.’

‘Yes, you should, John. This is scandalous. If my money was being used for the benefit of the estate then I believe I could have borne it. But not this; I won’t have it.’

Feeling against the landlords was running high in neighbouring villages. It wouldn’t take much to cause a riot; half the population were living at starvation level and they had nothing left to lose.

‘I have business locally tomorrow, my lady. Perhaps we could go to Norwich the day after that, if the snow holds off?’

‘That will be fine. I believe I’ll attempt to see that man, and if he’s not at home, I’ll leave him a letter setting out my concerns.’ She smiled at Mary. ‘It will be enjoyable visiting Norwich, at least there people won’t be prejudiced against me.’

The return route took them past the cottages inhabited by the farm workers Foster had installed. Eleanor noted the neat gardens, freshly whitened walls and new thatch. She directed her companions’ attention towards them. ‘They are the only decent homes in this area.’

‘His family and friends live in them, that’s why, my lady,’ John told her.

‘That’s something, I suppose. A man who takes care of his own cannot be all bad, surely?’

‘You’re too kind, my lady. The man’s no better than a thief and an outlaw.’

‘I haven’t changed my opinion, John. However, it does allow one a modicum of hope that he might be open to reason when the time comes to confront him.’ Leo would remove Foster immediately - but there was no use repining on that subject.



Mary wasn’t happy. ‘My Lady, I beg you, please reconsider. John says there was a violent protest in Hadleigh and the militia were called. Two men were killed and several farms were burnt before it was put down.’

‘I know that, but as Hadleigh is more than a day’s ride away I’m sure we’re in no danger. I’ve no intention of causing a disturbance. I’m merely going to visit Foster. I’ll have John, a coachman, and two grooms with me. I shall be quite safe. The man is corrupt, but as far as we know not vicious.’

Mary accepted defeat. ‘If you must go then I’m glad I shall be accompanying you. It wouldn’t be right for a lady to go alone to a bachelor establishment.’

‘I’ve asked John to have the carriage brought round at eight o’clock. It’s a good two hour drive to Norwich and we might well be delayed by poor roads and other traffic. What a blessing it won’t be a market day.’



Eleanor dressed carefully for her confrontation. She wanted to appear confident and in control and considerably older than she actually was. The russet brown walking dress and matching pelisse were smart, but not frivolous. It had only two braid ruffles around the plain hem. The small poke bonnet she selected was unadorned apart from two matching ostrich feathers. A pair of neat, dark brown boots completed the outfit.

Satisfied she presented a business like appearance she was ready. She wasn’t relishing the thought of meeting the land agent but she had no choice. Injustices had been committed and, as the landlord in residence, she must try to put them right.

John handed her up into the carriage and Mary followed. He climbed in and banged on the roof with his cane. Matthew, the coachman, with the stable boy beside him, gave the matching greys the office to move. The two grooms rode behind, stout cudgels clearly visible behind their saddles.

The weather had stayed cold and the rutted lanes were passable. But no amount of springs and padding could fully insulate the occupants from the jolts and drops of a country lane. As Eleanor’s bonnet shot down over her eyes for the second time she smiled.

‘I suppose we should be grateful the going is hard. If the ground was wet we would no doubt be stuck every five minutes instead of tossed about like shuttlecocks.’

Mary carefully restored the offending bonnet to its correct place. ‘I hope the road’s improve soon, John; we’re likely to be black and blue long before we reach Norwich.’

‘We’ll be turning into the main route soon, things will improve then, I promise.’

The jouncing and bouncing and constant need to adjust her hat and her hair at least had the benefit of taking Eleanor’s mind from her forthcoming encounter.

The carriage and its outriders trotted into Norwich a little before eleven o’clock. The city was thick with traffic and loud with the noise of traders shouting their wares and the clatter of horses and wheels on the cobbles. The carriage stopped in front of an imposing, solid brick, residence setback from the road, at precisely noon.

Eleanor peered from the window. ‘Is this it, John?’

‘Yes, my lady. I’ll go and announce our arrival.’

She sat back; her heart thudded uncomfortably and her stomach roiled. She was glad they hadn’t stopped for refreshments. She watched John walk up the steps to the front door and bang on the ornate brass knocker.

The door was opened by a maid. She couldn’t hear what was being said from that distance but the girl was certainly not giving John the news she wanted. The door closed and John returned to the carriage.

‘Foster isn’t at home. It appears he’s visiting relations in the country today, the maid said.’

‘Do you think she’s telling the truth?’

‘Yes, I’m sure of it.’

Eleanor shook her head. ‘We should have discovered whether he would be at home before we set off.’

‘Then he would have been forewarned of our visit. This was a risk we had to take. Shall I take the letter, my lady?’

‘Yes, I have no choice. I would have much preferred to have spoken its contents to his face than have him read of my displeasure and intention to wrest control of the estate back.’ She delved into her reticule of handed it over.

‘Now, Mary and I can visit the shops. John, you must take the jewellery and get the best price you’re able. We will meet, as arranged, for tea, by the castle. Afterwards you will, hopefully, have substantial funds to deposit in the bank.’ The carriage turned round in a nearby park and threaded its way back to the centre of the town.



All the participants in the excursion were well pleased with their afternoon. John had sold the jewellery for a substantial amount and had opened an account and safely deposited the banker’s draft. The two grooms had imbibed two tankards of excellent porter and devoured several tasty meat pasties. Tommy had been perfectly content left at the ostlers to mind the carriage and the horses. Eleanor, accompanied by Mary, had traipsed happily in and out of the haberdashers, milliners and the large general stores.

Her many purchases were in boxes and bags secreted beneath Matthew’s perch and also tucked neatly under the seats in the coach. She leant back with a sigh. ‘Apart from missing Foster, I consider this day well spent. I can hardly credit the amount you raised for my valuables, John. Will you organise the repairing of the cottages immediately?’

‘I will, my lady. At a shilling a day we can afford to employ several extra labourers. I’ll do as you suggest and recruit, where I can, from the ex-soldiers’

‘The plight of the working man in this area is pitiful. They don’t even have the factories to find employment as they do further north. It’s hardly surprising there’s unrest. The land owners and Parliament are to blame. They should lower the cost of corn and find work for these poor souls. Aaahh…’ Her political speech ended with a scream when the coach lurched violently to one side as the offside rear wheel dropped into a deep rut. The resulting imbalance rocked the vehicle, evicting her from her seat.

For a moment, from her position squashed under both Mary and John on the floor, Eleanor thought all would be well, that the coach would right itself. Then her world turned upside down as the coach toppled sideways into the ditch.

Mary cried out as her head cracked hard against the seat and was then ominously silent. John tried to brace himself, jamming his longer, stronger legs, hard onto the side, keeping his weight from crushing either of them. The sound of the horses neighing outside and the voice of Matthew soothing them while the grooms expertly cut the mangled traces, brought Eleanor back to her senses. She could scarcely breathe; she was trapped beneath the unconscious form of her maid. Where was John? She prayed he wasn’t injured as well.

Then he gently eased Mary to one side and allowed Eleanor to draw a shaky breath. ‘Lay still, my lady.’ he instructed her. ‘We mustn’t rock the coach. We’re balanced on the lip of a deep drainage ditch; a sudden movement will send us plunging into several feet of icy water.’

She needed no further urging. ‘Are you hurt, John?’

‘No, bruised is all. Have you any injuries?’

‘I think not, but I fear Mary’s badly injured. What are the men doing? Will they try and right the coach or attempt to lift us out as it is?’

Matthews’s worried voice answered the question for her. He spoke to them through what was now the side but had previously been the floor of the coach. ‘My lady, sir, we daren’t move the coach until we have it stable. I’ve sent Tommy to the village for help. Jess, Davey and I will tie a rope on to the wheel and then fasten it to a tree across the road.’

‘Will it take long? Mary’s hurt and needs urgent attention.’

‘We’ll work as speedily as possible, my lady. But the weather’s worsening and it’ll soon be dark. Please keep still, movement might send you into the ditch.’

Eleanor began to feel cold as water seeped through the side of the coach. She stared at the far door, now facing skywards; Matthew was right, it would soon be dark and the temperature was dropping fast.

The village they had driven through was no more than a mile away. Tommy should be back anytime with help. There was no need to worry; accidents were an inevitable part of travelling along poor lanes. She tried to see how Mary did, but her maid’s face was trapped against the seat.

Carefully she inched her hand across and placed it on Mary’s neck, the sticky dampness she discovered there filled her with foreboding.

‘Mary, Mary, can you hear me? We’ll soon have you out of here. Please don’t worry; help will be here very soon.’ She received no answer, not even a whimper.

John couldn’t possibly hold himself away from them for much longer. There was the sound of a galloping horse thundering down the lane.

‘Thank God,’ Eleanor cried, ‘we are saved. Help has arrived.’





Chapter Twenty-one





Leo strode up and down the study; he had never been a patient man and waiting for news was the hardest part of any campaign. That the information he wanted would come, he had no doubt; failure was not a word he had in his vocabulary. His men were not only inquiring at little villages and farms but also visiting towns with pawn shops and jewellers. When Eleanor took her valuables to sell, within a day he would know about it.

Sam burst into the study, waving a much folded letter. ‘It has come, my lord, I think Jenkins and Sharpe have found Lady Upminster at last.’

Leo took the missive with a smile of relief and scanned its contents. For the first time since Christmas Eve he felt a glimmer of hope. Then his expression changed. ‘Good God, Sam, this doesn’t look good. She’s living at Wenham Manor and about to embark on a confrontation with a corrupt estate manager.’ He frowned, thinking fast. ‘Send messages to all the men to meet us at Wenham. There has been civil unrest in that area already and if she stirs the pot she could find herself in the middle of a riot.’

‘We can be ready to ride in an hour, my lord.’

‘Good. I’m glad Jenkins and Sharpe had the sense to stay put, God willing they can keep Ellie from harm until I reach her.’

He raced upstairs to change. Sam unwrapped a sword and scabbard from its protective covering of oilskin and handed them to Leo. ‘You’ll be needing this, my lord.’

Leo’s face was bleak as he strapped them on. ‘I will take my pistols and you, your rifle, Sam.’

‘Yes, sir, I have them here.’

They clattered back down the stairs and Brown blanched when he saw the accoutrements of war so casually displayed. ‘My lord, I wish I had broken faith and told you where Lady Upminster was hiding. If any harm comes to her I shall never forgive myself.’

‘Forget it, man, I have.’ Leo patted the old butler’s shoulder and continued from the house.

Hero and Rufus seemed to sense something momentous was happening. They stamped impatiently and snorted; clouds of vapour encircled their heads. Leo vaulted into the saddle and shouted across to Sam. ‘It’s a bad day, Sam; I never thought to wear this sword again or to see you carrying a rifle.’

‘It’s a precaution, my lord. With luck we’ll have no cause to use them.’

Leo, not usually given to exchanges with his maker, sent up a fervent prayer Sam would prove to be right.



Eleanor heard Matthew shouting to the rider as he approached. His words sent a chill of foreboding slithering down her spine. ‘Surely you’ve not come alone, lad? Where are the others you went to fetch?’

‘They refused to come, sir. Those that bothered to answer my knock, that is.’

‘Then we’d best get on and sort this muddle out ourselves. We have the rope tied but it’s not as secure as I’d like.’ Matthew shouted into the coach. ‘Mr Jones, sir, can you move yourself, careful mind, to the side? We need all the weight over here, if the vehicle isn’t to slip when we lift the ladies out.’

John’s limbs must be tired from supporting his body for so long and she feared they wouldn’t obey him when he released the pressure. His reply was confident however.

‘When I shout, you hang on for your lives. Now!’

The coach creaked and rocked as John slid his boots down the door until they were either side of her legs. ‘I’ll roll sideways as you open the door, John, which should help prevent us sliding further into the water.’

‘Very well, my lady. You ready, lads?’

An enthusiastic chorus of assent rattled the windows. John launched himself against the door above his head and simultaneously she rolled herself across to join him. The coach held its position. The combined weight of three strongmen clinging onto the wheels, and the rope attached to the convenient tree trunk had served its purpose.

John had the door open in a trice and leaning down, he gripped Eleanor’s arm. ‘Up you come, my lady. Careful now; keep leaning hard on the side.’

Eleanor had been about to suggest Mary be taken first but felt it prudent to follow John’s instructions. She was stiff and damp and her once smart outfit was wet and clung heavily to her legs. ‘I’m ready, John. What do I do now?’

‘If you’ll forgive me the liberty, I’m going to lift you up and then you must scramble through the door. Ready!’

His arms encircled her waist and she stretched up, straining to catch the door jamb with her fingers. The coach groaned ominously and moved towards the water. ‘Quick now, we don’t have much longer.’ John’s shoulder heaved under her bottom and at last her fingers found a purchase.

Grateful she was fit and slender, Eleanor, with John pushing her from behind, emerged headfirst through the door and dropped into the lane glad in the darkness her undergarments would have remained invisible.

She came up on to all fours and regained her feet. ‘I’m out, John. I’ll add my weight to the wheel. Matthew can help you with Mary.’ Her hands, in their sodden gloves, were almost too cold to function but desperation gave her the strength she needed. She prayed she could hang on hard enough to stop the coach plunging away, carrying Mary to a certain death.

John was working blind; he grovelled for Mary’s feet and dragged her limp body slowly towards him. His eyes were wet as he bent down and transferred his hold to grip under her arms and around her shoulders. They had worked together for years, had become fast friends, but as he clasped her to his heart he realised his feelings had somehow, without his knowledge or permission, changed. He now loved the woman he held so close.

This love gave him Herculean strength and with one heave he pushed her up into the waiting arms of Matthew. As her legs vanished through the gap the coach began its inexorable slide towards the waiting water.

‘John, John, get out quickly, we have Mary safe.’

The fibres of the rope tore. It couldn’t hold the coach much longer. Inside he braced his legs and climbed furiously for his life.

The rope snapped. The three men jumped back; there was nothing more they could do. The noise of the coach falling drowned out all other sounds. It toppled on its back and vanished into the ditch. Eleanor’s voice broke as she spoke. ‘Oh John, poor John, he was such a good man.’

‘Thank you, my lady, and I hopes to remain a good one for some years to come.’ John’s head poked through the door and his body wriggled after it. She could see little in the darkness. With Mary’s head cradled in her lap she sighed with relief and joy. ‘John, I can hardly believe it. How can you be alive? I heard the coach tumble into the ditch.’

He thumped down beside her, his boots squelched as he landed. ‘It’s stuck, my lady. When it tipped over the wheels must have snagged on the undergrowth and it held fast. Upside down, mind, and several inches in the water, but safe as houses it is now.’

‘Thank God, for that.’ A faint movement and groan captured their attention. ‘Mary? Can you hear me? You’re safe now. We are all safe.’

Mary moved her head and groaned again. ‘I have a mortal bad headache, my lady, and am that cold I cannot feel my feet.’

John knelt beside her. ‘For a while I thought we had lost you, my love, I’m so glad you’re safe.’ The endearment didn’t go unnoticed by Mary or her mistress.

‘Get along with you, John Jones. I’m as right as tuppence. Get up, you big lummox and give me a hand. I’m no good to anyone lying down here.’

The men got Mary to her feet. She swayed a little and complained bitterly about her head, but was otherwise able to move.

We’ll have to double up on the horses, my lady; if we don’t get you both back and into dry clothes, you’ll catch your deaths.’

‘You take Mary up with you, John. I’ll ride with Jess and Tommy can go with Davey. Matthew must go on ahead and lead the way.’ No one argued; her instructions made sense.

‘How will we even find our way home, it’s black as pitch.’ Mary said through chattering teeth.

‘They’ll find their own way, my dear; all we have to do is sit tight. Horses are sensible beasts; they’ll take a safe route, don’t you fret.’

The horses, even with their double burden, made better progress than the carriage. Barely an hour later the sorry troop clattered into the yard. Eleanor had been hoping they would be met by a rescue party worried at their late return. But the snow fell onto a deserted stable yard. The lanterns were unlit and the area dark and unwelcoming. Matthew’s roar of disapproval bounced around the empty yard causing both grooms and workmen to appear instantly to offer their assistance. Tommy, the stable boy, was despatched to rouse the indoor staff.

John handed his precious burden down to Matthew then vaulted from the saddle. ‘Give her here, Matt, I’ll take her. Smith will know what to do.’

Eleanor handed her reins to Jess and trudged after John, her feet and hands so cold she had no feeling in them. The servants’ door was flung open and welcome light flooded the path. Smith stood framed in the light like an elderly crow.

‘My lady, I’m so sorry, as darkness fell I assumed you were over-nighting in Norwich.’

‘Never mind that; as you can see Mary has been injured and requires your immediate attention.’

John bore Mary away upstairs leaving Eleanor alone within a circle of expectant faces. It was so hard to be the person responsible for making decisions. She shook the worst of the mud from her skirts and spoke to the head parlour maid. ‘Jenny, you are to assist me. I require a hot bath and a tray with soup and some bread and cheese brought to my chamber as soon as possible.’

Wearily she headed for the back stairs and met John returning. ‘How is Mary?’

‘Feeling a lot better now she’s in the warm, my lady.’

‘I’m so glad. John, will you arrange for the coach and all my purchases to be recovered at first light?’

‘I will that, my lady; let’s hope we don’t get too much snow.’



Eleanor snuggled down, with a sigh of pleasure, and stretched her feet out to rest on the hot brick someone had thoughtfully placed in her bed. Full of vegetable pottage and fresh bread and cheese, her extremities finally thawed, she was ready to review the accident and its aftermath.

Coaching accidents were common, especially in the winter, and they were lucky to have escaped without permanent injury. However, the refusal of the villages to assist them was both unexpected and deeply worrying. The unrest and dissatisfaction was obviously far worse in East Anglia than in Kent. Of the dozen or so indoor staff only four had come with them, and were therefore totally trustworthy, and outside only five of the twenty men now employed could be relied upon in a crisis.

She felt sick and in spite of the brick at her toes she shivered violently. Not for the first time she regretted her rash move and wished she was safe at home in Monk’s Hall.

The sound of a maid rekindling the fire and Jenny opening the curtains woke her next morning. Bright sunlight spilled across the floor cheering Eleanor immensely. ‘Jenny, how is Mary this morning?’

‘Much recovered, my lady. She would be up if Smith allowed.’

‘I’ll go and see her as soon as I’m dressed; is there much snow?’

‘No, my lady, an inch at the most. Mr Jones set off with two plough horses, the big cart and a dozen or so men. I’ve no doubt they’ll be back before midday.’

‘I hope so; it will be difficult without a closed carriage in this weather. It’s far too cold to use a chaise.’

‘I’m afraid your gown and pelisse may be ruined, my lady. Such a shame; they were ever so smart.’

‘Do the best you can, Jenny. If they’re irretrievable, I’m sure someone in the village could make use of them. I’ll wear my green corded gown and the matching redincoat today.’ Warmly dressed, she left through the hidden door in the panelling. This was the shortest route to Mary’s room in the servants’ wing. Reassured her maid was making a good recovery she completed her journey to the small dining-room down the narrow twisted staircase used by the staff. She seated herself at the table and waited for a footman to serve her breakfast.

The ham and poached eggs congealed on her plate. Her appetite had all but vanished over the weeks and her dresses would soon need to be taken in. She drifted over to the window attracted by the pattern the sun made filtering through the tiny panes. The dusting of snow was gone and it looked almost spring-like. She wished she had been able to bring Rufus to Wenham; a gallop across the park would have settled her nerves.

The handsome clock in the corner chimed nine. A sharp tap on the door startled her out of her day-dreaming. Smith came in her face ashen. ‘My lady, terrible news.’

Eleanor’s stomach plummeted. Had Mary taken a turn for the worse? Had someone been injured? ‘What is it, Smith; tell me at once.’

‘Tommy’s brought a message from Mr Jones. When they reached the coach they found it had been burnt to a cinder and all your belongings either gone or destroyed. Who would do such a thing, my lady?’

She guessed at once who the culprits were. The villages who had refused to come to their aid yesterday would have known exactly where to find the coach. They had done this – she was sure of it. But it wouldn’t help matters to scare her elderly servant.

‘There are a lot of displaced people in the area, Smith; no doubt some of those were the perpetrators.’

‘I don’t like the sound of that, my lady. Whatever sort of folk have we come to live amongst?’

‘Hungry and desperate ones, Smith. Where is Tommy? I want to speak to him myself.’

‘In the kitchen, warming up. Shall I fetch him?’

‘No, I’ll come myself.’ Eleanor ran to the kitchen, she needed answers to several difficult questions.

The cook and kitchen maid turned worried faces. Tommy, clutching a mug of steaming soup, scrambled to his feet. ‘Sit down, Tommy; you can answer me from there.’ The boy subsided, his eyes wide, his straw coloured hair on end. ‘How far behind you are Mr Jones and the others?’

‘About a half hour, my lady. Not far. They ’ad to turn the cart and it were ’ard in such a narrow lane.’

‘Good; did you see any signs of the vandals who burnt the coach?’

‘No, my lady, place were deserted; them beggars as done it were long gone. The coach were not even smoking, it were cold to the touch.’

This could only mean the villains had followed Tommy when he went for help and attacked the coach as soon as they had gone. The thought that their desperate struggles last night had been seen by hidden robbers wasn’t a happy one.

The situation was rapidly becoming one she didn’t feel confident to handle. With no coach she was trapped in Wenham at the mercy of rioters and disaffected labourers. Her people were at risk. She had no option. She had to send a message to her husband. Whatever her personal feeling, she wasn’t putting her staff in danger. Leo would know what to do; a few unarmed and untrained mobsters would be nothing to him after his battles on the Peninsula.

‘Thank you, Tommy. Send Mr Jones to the study as soon as he returns, Smith.’

She took paper and quill and prepared to compose the most difficult letter of her life. After several aborted attempts she still didn’t have a version she was satisfied with. She had tried formality, addressing her husband by his title, but feared he might toss it aside unread. Her letter must attract his instant attention.



Finally she decided to write as she would speak, if he were there with her.



Leo,

I need you. We are in desperate straits here, the villages have turned against us and yesterday they burnt out our coach. Foster, the estate manager has been stealing from Wenham Manor for years and foolishly I have threatened him. I fear he will retaliate.

Whatever our differences, Leo, I beg you, put them to one side and come to me as soon as you can,

Eleanor

She spilt sand across the page, shook it clean and folded it, sealing it with a blob of wax. She wouldn’t trust this important letter to the mail, she would send Jess. If he rode post, changing mounts every twenty miles, he could be at Monk’s Hall by midnight.

She tugged the bell rope and John arrived almost at once.

‘My lady, I think we might have a serious situation developing.’

‘I know, John. I’ve written to Lord Upminster asking for his assistance. I want Jess to ride post; see he has sufficient funds for the journey.’

Some of the tension left John’s face. ‘Excellent idea, my lady. I’ll see to it immediately.’

‘Come straight back, John; I have several ideas I wish to discuss with you.’

Jess was sent on his way, no doubt proud to be given the chance to prove his horsemanship and stamina. When John returned to the study he found Eleanor was pacing up and down.

‘How many of the workmen can we rely on if there’s trouble, John?’

‘Not all, that’s for sure. I think the ex-soldiers will stick with us. There’s two turned up this morning; they heard Lord Upminster’s wife was taking on workers. It appears they served with his lordship and will serve you now, as willingly.’

‘That’s good news. Could you not find some other men who knew Lord Upminster when he was a colonel?’

‘I have that in hand, my lady. The new men are out now rounding up any ex-soldiers who will be loyal to us in a fight.’

‘Fight? Oh, John, I hope it doesn’t come to that’

‘I hope so too, my lady. Lord Upminster, if he rides post as well, could be here by midnight tomorrow. I hope that will be in time.’





Chapter Twenty-two





The atmosphere at Wenham Manor was tense; everybody understood the danger they were facing. It made no difference the present incumbents were not to blame for the deprivation and hardship; rioters didn’t use logic and reason to govern their actions. They were motivated by desperation.

John pulled on his riding coat and tied his muffler snugly. ‘I’ll not be gone long, my lady. I must go to the village and help to escort the men back, those that Jenkins has persuaded to join us.’

‘What if everyone has turned against the gentry? You could be in danger. Would it not be better to allow this new man, Jenkins, to return with them himself?’

‘If you don’t mind, my lady, I’d prefer to take Davey and Matthew and go and find Jenkins. I wish to make sure everyone is within our walls, whilst there’s still time.’

Eleanor wasn’t convinced. Things were moving with a momentum of their own and she didn’t like the idea of being left without her right-hand man. The dust of John’s departure had barely settled when a group of well mounted men cantered down the drive. They were strangers to her.

From her vantage point in the study window she watched their approach. The leader, a thickset man in his thirties, was well-dressed, his companions far less so. She swallowed a lump in her throat. She knew who it was, and thought this was no coincidence that Foster had timed his arrival to match John’s departure.

She gathered her skirts and raced to the hall, shouting for help she did so. ‘Smith, Ned, Billy, come quickly. We must barricade the door. Foster mustn’t be allowed in.’ The two footmen joined her by the front door and she stepped back to allow them to drop the massive bars across. The horses halted and she trembled as the sound of booted feet trampled across the gravel and up to the door.

‘Are all the other doors secured, Ned?’

‘No, my lady, we’ll do it now.’ The young men vanished leaving Eleanor and Smith to face Anderson alone. The door shook under the onslaught of hammering. She stepped back involuntarily. She waited for Foster to speak.

‘I know you’re in there, Lady Upminster, and I know you’re on your own. If you understand what’s good for you, open up. I’m not a man who likes to be kept waiting.’

She took a deep, steadying breath. What could this bully do, apart from shout? The door between them was stout and the leaded windows too small to climb through. ‘I have no intention of opening the door. What you have to say can be said from where you stand.’ She heard him step back and speak quietly to his men. Then she heard his accomplices walking away from the front door, towards the rear of the house. She prayed Ned and Billy had been in time.

The villain returned to his position by the door. ‘Lady Upminster, I’ll not harm you, or your staff, all I require is that you leave me to get on with my job without interference.’

‘Your job, sir, is to run Wenham Manor for the benefit of its tenants and villagers and to return all revenues to Lord Upminster and myself on quarter days.’ She paused allowing her words to be digested. ‘These past five years you have taken the monies due to the estate. I will not allow the situation to continue’

‘Will you not? And how, pray, do you hope to stop it? I’m not answerable to you, only to Lord Upminster and I don’t see him nowhere, do I?’

She was tempted to tell him her husband was on his way but refrained; such knowledge would grant him time to prepare and might make Leo’s task more dangerous. ‘I have loyal men working for me and more are joining every day. Soon I will have enough to force you to comply.’

‘Be dammed to you then. If that’s how you wish to have it, you only have yourself to blame if people get hurt. This is my estate, and I think you’ll find, my lady, that its people fear me more than they wish to help you.’

She was weak with relief. He had gone and made no attempt to break in. They were safe for the moment and John would soon be back with the recruits. She ran to the window and watched the riders gallop insolently across the middle of the lawn, sending divots flying in all directions. They left behind black holes in the grass as a dark reminder of their visit.

Smith hurried into the Hall. ‘My lady, it is terrible; the new staff are leaving. Those men threatened to kill them and their families if they remained.’

‘Have the footmen gone as well?’

‘Yes, my lady. I don’t know who is left outside.’

Eleanor shrugged. ‘No doubt John will be able to tell us when he returns. You mustn’t worry, Smith. Lord Upminster will be here the day after tomorrow. Why should there be any trouble before then? The civil unrest isn’t widespread, and so far the only incident in our vicinity has been the coach burning. No person was attacked, only property.’

‘But, my lady, Foster has threatened to kill people if they stay in your employ. Why would he want to drive them away if he wasn’t planning something bad?’

‘To make my life uncomfortable? To prove he has the power? I think you’re refining too much on this. It’s exactly what that man wishes. He wants me to panic, to pack up and leave, not stay and confront him.’ Hesitant footfalls on the stairs made Eleanor look up. ‘Mary, you shouldn’t be up. I told you to rest in bed today.’

‘I heard all the shouting, my lady. I couldn’t lie abed anymore. I have the headache, but apart from that, I’m as right as a trivet.’

She left her maid with Smith and returned to the study. She checked the hall clock as she passed; John had been gone over an hour which meant he should be returning any minute and bringing the reinforcements with him. Knowing men who had fought alongside her husband were out there somewhere, made her feel safer.

Waiting patiently was not a virtue she had been blessed with. After striding up and down the study for twenty minutes she decided to visit the stables. The presence of horses always calmed her.

Tommy, the stable lad, was standing on an upturned bucket brushing one of the greys that pulled the carriage. He hopped down and tugged his forelock. ‘Good mornin’, my lady. Matthew’s away with Mr Jones.’

‘I know, thank you, Tommy. I’ve come to see how the greys do after their experience yesterday.’

‘They’s fine, my lady. None of the beasts have gone lame.’

‘Good, carry on then, Tommy. I don’t wish to hold up your duties with idle chatter.’ The boy scrambled nimbly back onto his perch and resumed his rhythmic strokes.

Eleanor, restless, wandered along the boxes, stopping and patting each occupant. She had reached the last stall when she heard the men returning. Outside in the cobbled yard John dismounted; he looked well satisfied with his morning’s work.

‘John, I’m so relieved you’re back. Foster came here with his bullyboys and threatened the new staff and they’ve all walked out, apart from Cook.’

He came to stand beside her, his kindly face wrinkled with concern. ‘I should never have left you here alone, my lady. It won’t happen again.’

‘It’s not your fault, John. He timed his arrival precisely. I’m not going to fret about it. Lord Upminster will receive my letter today and with God speed he will be here by tomorrow night.’ She tensed at the sound of further men approaching

‘It’s not them varmints returning, my lady. It’s the new men; we’ve found a further ten who are more than willing to fight to protect their colonel’s lady.’

‘How many does that make altogether, John?’

‘Seventeen in all, eighteen if you count the stable boy.’

‘Will that be enough?’

‘I’m sure it will. The twelve new men are soldiers, trained to fight. I’ll open the gun room and arm them?’ He frowned. ‘Not that there’s much of any use in there, but it will have to do.’

‘They walked back together towards the Manor. ‘It’s a good thing we repaired the gate and filled in the holes in the wall. Is it closed now?’

‘It is, my lady. I’ve put Jenkins, Lord Upminster’s man, in charge. I know little of battles and such; my life has been spent with horses.’

‘That’s a sensible idea. His men must be schooled in such matters.’ They reached the door and John opened it. ‘I forgot to tell you, Mary has got up; she insists she’s well, but I sent her to sit down with Smith. Perhaps you would like to visit with her?’

He beamed. ‘I would that, my lady. It wasn’t till I thought I might lose her I understood how my feelings for her had changed. Mary and I have always been firm friends, but now we’ve moved on.’ A pink flush stained his neck; he was not wont to speak of such delicate matters.

She patted his arm. ‘Your love for each other is good news, John. I can assure you it has my full and delighted approval. I always believed you t would be ideally suited.’ She returned to the study - there must be something she could be doing, some preparation she could make, but she could think of nothing.

All she could do was calculate, repeatedly, the earliest possible moment she could expect to see her husband at Wenham Manor.



Jess galloped into the yard at the Queen’s Head and an ostler leapt forward to take the post horse’s bridle. He had ridden through the night, the full moon making his journey less hazardous. He needed to relieve himself, then break his fast, before resuming his journey to Monk’s Hall.

He walked stiffly around the back of the stalls seeking the necessary privacy. As he refastened his breeches he overheard two ostlers talking on the far side of the wall. ‘That chestnut brute’s a handful, Ned. I’m right glad his lordship took the feed in himself.’

‘The grey’s nearly as bad. He’s been in the wars, a real battle horse that one; I ain’t seen nothing like the scars on his neck.’ Their voices faded as they moved away. Jess was already racing round to confirm his suspicion. He ran down the stalls glancing inside each as he passed.

‘Rufus, you old devil!’ The chestnut head swung round at the familiar voice and he whickered a greeting, then resumed the more urgent task of filling his vast stomach. Jess had no idea how Lord Upminster came to be at the Queen’s Head, this was nothing short of a miracle and it would save him several further gruelling hours in the saddle. He got out the letter written by Lady Upminster and tried to smooth out the worst of the creases. What should he do? Wait by the stalls until Lord Upminster appeared or seek him out now?



Leo swallowed the last mouthful of roast beef with a sigh of pleasure. ‘That was an excellent meal, Sam. Will you be ready to ride in a half hour?’

‘Yes, my lord.’

He looked across at an altercation taking place by the door. A travel stained groom was attempting to gain entry to their private parlour and not succeeding. Two burly potmen blocked the entrance.

‘Lord Upminster, Lord Upminster, I have a letter for you.’ The shouted message from the struggling young man caused Leo to leap to his feet. Who could possibly know his whereabouts and wish to deliver a letter to him?

He strode across and gestured to the potmen to stand aside. ‘Let him in, if you please.’ The men stood aside and he was astonished to see one of the grooms who had accompanied his wife to Wenham, step forward brandishing a grubby missive. ‘Your lordship, I have a letter from Lady Upminster.’

He snatched the paper and tore it open. His mouth tightened. ‘It’s worse than we thought, Sam. The situation must be desperate if Lady Upminster is asking for my help.’ His smile was harsh as he pushed the paper inside his coat. ‘We leave at once. Jess, is it not?’ The boy nodded. ‘Are you riding post?’ The boy nodded again. ‘Good; engage your mount and ride with us.’

The nag the ostler had waiting for Jess didn’t meet with Leo’s approval. ‘Have you nothing better? This lad has to keep up with us; on that animal he will be left behind.’

The man thought. ‘There’s my Betty, my lord. She don’t look much but she can keep going all day without flagging. I’ll fetch her for you.’

‘Good man.’ Leo slipped a coin into the waiting hand. The ugly bay cob that was led out did not, at first, fill him with confidence. Then he noticed the solid legs and deep-set chest and realised the horse had stamina. He made a decision. ‘Will you sell the horse to me?’

‘Two sovereigns, my lord, and she’s yours.’ The money changed hands and the men mounted. He turned to Jess. ‘That is a good beast, Jess, I believe she will keep up, but let her find her own pace. No matter if you fall behind a little.’

‘Very well, my lord. Am I not to change horses at the next post house then?’

‘No; Rufus and Hero can gallop all day if they’re allowed to rest every twenty miles or so.’ Jess stared down at the bay he sat astride. Leo laughed at his expression. ‘Have faith, lad. I know my horses. That mare will see you home in one piece, I promise.’

Jess, reassured, grinned back and Leo led his men forward and they clattered out of the yard, determined not to delay any further.



Eleanor pushed aside her untouched luncheon. She hated eating on her own. Before she had been elevated to the aristocracy she could have taken her meals in the kitchen along with the staff, but such familiarity was no longer permissible.

The sound of men shouting outside and the noise of running feet in the passageway made her glad she hadn’t eaten. Her stomach lurched unpleasantly. What was happening? Were she and the staff in danger? She ran to the door and it opened as she reached it.

John, his face concerned, was outside. ‘We’ve had a message from the cottages, a mob is heading this way. They’ve burnt two farms already. I fear we’re the next one their list.’

‘Will the soldiers be able to prevent them from entering the grounds?’

‘For a while, yes, my lady. But we cannot protect all the boundaries; eventually, if they’re determined to get in, they will succeed.’

Her stomach heaved unpleasantly. ‘I don’t understand. Why should they wish to harm us here? I’ve done so much to help the dispossessed and the unemployed; if they destroy us then their plight will be worse.’

‘I’m afraid a mob doesn’t think sensibly, they have a madness on them and behave in a manner they would never do alone.’

‘If we offer them food, money, or work, will they be appeased?’

‘I doubt it. Someone is whipping them into a frenzy and sending them in our direction. I suspect Foster’s behind it.’

‘But how will destroying Wenham benefit him? He will lose his income.’

‘Not if it’s only the manor that’s destroyed; I fear he means to get you out, my lady, by any means.’

‘Oh, I wish Lord Upminster was here, he would soon send them packing.’

‘No more than I do. If we can hold out somehow until nightfall then it’s just possible he’ll be here. The letter Jenkins sent will have reached him yesterday; he will be on his way by now.’

‘Then I need not have sent poor Jess to fetch him?’

‘No, my lady, it appears not. It’s a pity we didn’t know Jenkins was working for Lord Upminster and had already sent word when Jess left.’

Another hour passed slowly and there was no sign of the threatened mob. She could see the soldiers armed with shotguns and pistols patrolling round the house. Jenkins had obviously decided protecting the boundary was a lost cause and would spread his men too thin.

As dusk was falling she heard a noise that chilled her to the bone. The mindless screaming of a mob calling for blood, anyone’s blood, echoed across the park. The maniacal chanting seemed to be coming from all around. How many were their waiting to destroy her home? From the noise they were making it could be hundreds. What hope did twelve soldiers and six servants have against so many?

John hurried in. ‘Stay away from the windows, my lady. It would be best if you went upstairs and locked yourself into your bedchamber.’

‘I will not hide like a rabbit when you are all outside fighting for your lives.’

‘Very well, I’ll leave one man armed in the hall; I’m going out to join Jenkins and Matthew.’

‘Take care, John.’ The door closed behind him leaving her alone with her fears.





Chapter Twenty-three





Mary joined her mistress in the study. In spite of the danger, and John’s instructions, they both peered out either side of the window hoping to see what was taking place. After the initial burst of activity it was eerily silent.

‘Where is everyone, Mary, can you see?’

‘It’s hard to see anything through the little panes.’

‘But they do give us extra protection; even if the rioters smashed the glass the lead frames will hold them back.’ This was small comfort to either of them. ‘Let’s hope it never comes to that. Maybe the mob has gone elsewhere to cause destruction.’

Mary pointed. ‘Over there, look, Miss Ellie, I can see our men running towards the gate.’

‘Does that mean we’re under attack? I have to know. Please go up to the attic; the view from there will be clearer, you’ll be able to see over the trees.’

‘I shall go at once, my lady. But stay out of sight; John said we’re not to stand near the windows.’

‘I’m not staying here, I’m going to the kitchen to check the doors are bolted and barred.’

Eleanor found the kitchen staff huddled miserably by the fire. No shiny black stove graced this antiquated house. All cooking was performed on trivets and spits that swung in and out over the blaze. This was an inefficient and hot way to prepare food but at least the room was warm.

The cook, the only local woman who had not deserted them, scrambled from her position on a stool beside the fire, obviously upset by this unexpected visit.

‘My lady, no one heard you ring; did you need something?’

This less than welcoming statement made Eleanor painfully aware of the gulf that separated her servants from herself. She was not wanted here. ‘I am sorry to intrude. I wish to check if you have all the doors securely fastened.’

The cook’s expression changed to apprehension. ‘No, my lady, I don’t believe we have. Quick Bess, you go and lock the pantry door and Ellen you take the little lass and bar the back door.’

She left them to secure their side of the house. Smith and Mary had been sent to fasten all the windows and the side door that led out the garden, but she needed to check for herself. If Cook had forgotten such a simple precaution then so could Smith. She must try all the doors herself. The task would also occupy her time which was a welcome bonus. The windows were as they should be, also the massive front door.

She had just reached the side door when she thought she heard someone outside calling her name. She opened the door a fraction, surprised it had not been locked. There, she heard the voice again.

‘Lady Upminster, Lady Upminster. Come quickly, Mr Jones has been injured. You’re needed in the stables.’ The voice was Tommy’s and he sounded frantic. He wouldn’t call her unless there was something very urgent.

She ran upstairs to collect her cloak and change into her stout boots before returning to the side door. She contemplated returning to the kitchen to tell them she was going out for a moment but she heard the voice again, more insistent, even more high pitched. She had no choice, if John needed her she had to go, whatever the risk.

She hurried down the path to the stables dreading what she would find. In her hurry to rush to John’s assistance she realised the side door was still unlocked leaving its occupants open to attack if any members of the mob managed to evade the circle of armed watchers. She hesitated –should she go back and find someone to bolt the door? No – she must see to John first.

The stable yard was deserted. A moan came from the end box, the unoccupied one. With thudding heart she dashed across and pushed open the half door. A still, male form was crumpled on the straw at the far side under the manger.

‘John, what have they done to you?’ As she bent to touch the unconscious man there was a slight noise behind her and then her world disappeared in smothering black as a thick blanket was tossed over her head and hastily secured by strong ropes.

She couldn’t breathe. She couldn’t scream for help. Her nose and mouth were filled with the noxious smell from the filthy cloth. Her arms and legs were roughly tied within its enveloping folds. Slowly she was overcome by the lack of air and merciful darkness took her away. Her body slumped out of the grasp of her attackers.



Eleanor woke to find herself hog- tied and dumped in a corner of an evil smelling, mud floored shack. The single window was shuttered and barred, the door firmly closed. The ropes around her body prevented her from moving. But at least her head was uncovered and she could breathe more easily.

How could she have been so stupid as to allow herself to be lured into a trap? Her head ached to and her mouth was full of disgusting bits of blanket. She tried to spit them out but her mouth was dry and spasms of pain contracted her stomach. She rolled sideways and attempted to curl her legs to ease her suffering, but the ropes were too well tied.

She retched miserably onto the floor. The sickness stopped the cramps and removed the blanket pieces from her mouth. Unfortunately the foul taste left behind was worse. She struggled to edge sideways, to remove herself from the mess she had made. When this failed she tried rolling, but the smell of the beaten earth floor was so bad she gave up the struggle and resumed her painful sideways shuffle.

Slowly the cracks of light faded from the window and her prison sunk into darkness. The cold and damp seeped through her cloak and sometime after her capture she began to shiver uncontrollably. Her teeth chattered and shudders rippled up and down her body.

An icy wind whistled through the cracks in the walls and she finally understood what Foster intended. All he had to do was leave her and the winter weather would do the rest. By morning time she would be dead. She wouldn’t see Leo again; couldn’t tell him she still loved him; would never feel his arms around her holding her close to his heart. Scalding tears trickled down her cheeks and she cursed her kidnappers, shouting out a stream of invectives she had learnt from listening to Leo.



Mary could see little through the tiny panes of the attic window. She decided to open it; no one would see her so high up. Cautiously she peeped through the gap. The soldiers were grouped in formation, guns pointing towards the screaming mob. There appeared to be about thirty ill-dressed men rattling the gate. Occasional missiles hurtled over the top to land harmlessly in the grass in front of the armed men.

Satisfied they were in no immediate danger Mary closed the window and latched it carefully. The sun was low and the light beginning to fade. Full darkness could not be more than an hour or so away. Surely the men outside would give up then and return to their homes or move to an easier target?

Halfway down the winding attic stairs she began to feel dizzy and was forced to lean heavily against the wall for support. Miss Ellie had been right; she’d got up too soon. She feared she would be unable to reach her room before she fainted. By the time she had groped her way to her bed her head was pounding and blackness threatened to engulf her. She would just have a little rest; her mistress would forgive her lapse when she realised how unwell she was.

She intended to close her eyes for a few minutes, just lie down and allow the faintness and nausea to pass. She had risen too soon and her exertions had proved too much. She fell into a deep sleep as soon as her head touched the pillow.

The sun set and the bitter east wind, which had travelled straight from Russia, began to sober the mob outside the gates. First singly, then in groups of two or three, they slunk away, fading into the darkness. They hadn’t expected the manor to be so well protected; but they would regroup and return. There were rich pickings to be had at Wenham, so they had been told, more than enough food to keep all of them and their families for the rest of the winter.

John watched the last of them vanish. ‘Is that it, Jenkins? Are we safe?’

Jenkins stamped his frozen feet trying to restore some circulation. ‘No, I’m afraid not, sir. Tomorrow they’ll be more determined to get in. Couldn’t you hear what they were shouting as they left?’ John shook his head; he had been positioned too far away to hear. ‘They said they’ll come in the morning and bring more men. News of this will have spread and malcontents from other villages and towns will flood to join them.’

‘What about the Militia? Can we send someone to raise them?’

‘I’ve done so. I sent a message to Sir John Russell, telling him what’s happening here. It’s up to him now.’

John frowned. ‘His estate’s a good twenty miles from here. I hope he thinks the threat is sufficient to warrant action on his part. One thing I’ve learnt these past few weeks is that folks round here look after their own but aren’t so willing to take risks for their neighbours.’

Jenkins shrugged. ‘Well, sir, there’s naught we can do about it now. The colonel will be here soon and with him in command there’ll be no need for the Militia.’ He called to his men. ‘Stand easy, men. There’ll be no further trouble tonight.’ He pointed. ‘You two, take first watch. I’ll have some hot food and a couple of lanterns sent out to you.’

The men plodded after Jenkins back to the stables where they were billeted. One of the rooms above the stalls was their temporary home. This was warm and cosy and their straw beds were vermin free. The lights hadn’t been lit in the downstairs rooms of the manor and John felt a moment of anxiety. Why was Lady Upminster in the dark? Where was everyone? He increased his pace and was running by the time he reached the back door. It was locked, as it should be. He pounded on the door, demanding to be let in.

Hurrying footsteps and rattles indicated someone was at the door. The light flooded the path. Jenny, one of the parlour-maids, smiled a welcome. ‘Where’s Lady Upminster? Why’s the house in darkness?’

‘I don’t rightly know, sir; we’ve been in the kitchen this past two hours preparing food for all the extra men. Cook has a tasty stew—’

‘Damn the stew, girl. Where’s your mistress? Where’s Smith? Get the candles and lamps lit immediately.’

‘Yes, sir, at once. Shall I fetch Smith here, first?’

‘No, I’ll find her myself.’ John strode down the corridor carrying his flickering candlelight aloft. He banged on Smith’s private parlour door. He heard sounds of movement and slow footsteps before the door opened.

‘Mr Jones, come in. I’m sorry I must have dozed off.’ John swallowed his pithy reply. Smith was over seventy; it was hardly surprising she fell asleep in front of her fire.

‘Where are Lady Upminster and Mary, Smith? The house is in darkness. It wouldn’t be seemly for me to search upstairs, I need you to organise this at once.’

Smith pushed her grey hair back under her cap and straightened her clothes. ‘I will go myself, Mr Jones. Wait in the hall. I won’t be long.’

John walked impatiently up and down the flagged hall, grateful for the steady warmth coming from the huge fireplace. This fire was never allowed to go out. He heard voices upstairs. Smith had found someone, but was it his Mary or Miss Ellie?

Mary appeared leaning heavily on the banister. ‘Oh dear, John. She’s not up here. Her room is empty but her thick cloak and boots are gone.’

His heart plummeted. Mary swayed dangerously halfway up the stairs. ‘Mary, love, you shouldn’t be up. There’s nothing you can do. Smith, please take Mary back to her room and attend to her. I will rouse the men to search for Lady Upminster.’

Flakes of snow were falling in the darkness, blown in swirling clouds by the east wind. John locked the side door and returned to the kitchen. ‘Lady Upminster is missing. I’m going down to the stables to get Jenkins to organise the search.’ Fear for his young mistress soured his belly. She hadn’t been seen for hours; she could be anywhere by now.

As he left by the back door he heard the sound of shouting coming from the front gate and halted. The men left on guard were challenging someone. Then he heard the gate being opened and three caped and muffled riders galloped out of the blizzard.

‘My Lord Upminster; thank God you’re here.’ John called as he watched the men sway tiredly from their saddles.



This greeting sent a shock of apprehension down Leo’s spine. He threw his reins to Jess and strode across. ‘What is wrong?’

‘Lady Upminster is missing.’

‘For God’s sake, what do you mean, missing? Have you searched the house and grounds?’

‘Only the house, so far, my lord. Her disappearance wasn’t discovered until I returned fifteen minutes ago. I’m on the way to the stable to organise the men.’

Leo stared hard at John; he saw a middle-aged man, tired beyond endurance. ‘Go back to the kitchen and rest, get something to eat. Your job is done.’ He turned and ran towards the stables where Jenkins, alerted by his voice, was turning out the men. ‘Jenkins, Lady Upminster has been taken. Search the stables and close vicinity for evidence.’ It would be a futile exercise to search the grounds. His wife had been kidnapped; he was certain of it. What he was equally certain was that the perpetrators were living on borrowed time.

‘Sam, take some men and go into the village; find out what you can about this man Foster. Discover who’s in his employ and bring me two of them; I’ll question them myself.’

Sam selected a handful of men and, freshly mounted, rode off towards the village. Leo checked his pistol was to hand and his sabre loose within its scabbard. They would be needed tonight.

‘Jenkins, have your men eaten today?’

‘No, my lord, not yet.’

‘Send them to kitchen. They will be no use to me half dead with fatigue and hunger.’

Jenkins shouted out his orders and the remaining men trooped off happily. A hot meal in a warm room would restore their morale as much as their bodies.

‘Jenkins, come with me, we can talk whilst I change and get something to eat.’ Leo, his saddle bags slung over his shoulder, met Smith on his way upstairs. ‘Smith, have hot water and whatever the men are eating, sent upstairs.’ He paused and frowned. ‘Which is my room, Smith? You’d better show me.’

The elderly housekeeper retraced her steps and took him to the master suite. ‘These are Lady Upminster’s rooms, my lord, the room next door is the master’s chamber.’

‘Excellent. Now have that food and water sent immediately. I wish to be ready to ride out again in thirty minutes.’

‘I’m afraid the fire’s not lit in the main chamber, my lord. I will see to it immediately, but Lady Upminster’s room is always warm.’

‘I’ll use Lady Upminster’s room but have the other prepared for me. I’ll need it later, no doubt.’

Smith scuttled off and Leo, with Jenkins at his heels, stepped into his wife’s bedchamber. This was the room where Eleanor had slept alone, away from him, for the past few weeks. The space was dominated by an enormous, old-fashioned, heavy oak bedstead. His eyes narrowed and his nostrils flared at the images that flooded his mind.

Angrily he shook his head. He had decided to give Ellie her freedom if she wanted it so such fantasies were pointless. He flung his bags on the floor and dropped onto the fireside chair wondering if dry clothes were really worth the trouble of taking off his boots.

‘Allow me, sir.’ Jenkins deftly removed both boots and set them down beside the fire to gently steam. Leo slumped back, closing his eyes for a few moments, trying to marshal his thoughts. This was one campaign he couldn’t afford to lose; if he got this wrong the life of his precious wife might well be snuffed out.





Chapter Twenty-four





Voices were approaching the hut and Eleanor guessed this wasn’t the sound of a rescue party she could hear. Her captors were returning expecting her to be cowed and shivering with fear. She was an Upminster; she wouldn’t succumb so easily. If she was to die tonight it would be sitting up, facing her murderers defiantly.

Pride and anger gave her strength to roll over onto her front then caterpillar-like she wriggled until the wall was against her back. The voices were nearer; she wasn’t going to have time to complete the task.

Desperately she drew her bound knees up towards her face and stretched her fingers down until they could grasp the ropes that restricted her legs. Then as the bar was being lifted from the door she braced her back, shuffled her bottom, and she was sitting upright facing the opening door. She was also considerably warmer; her effort had restored some heat to her frozen limbs.

A lantern was held high temporarily blinding her; she blinked rapidly, wanting to see who her captors were. The black shapes at the door moved forwards and she recognised one of them. As she had suspected the hated Foster had come to gloat at her misfortune.

‘Well, well, not so high and mighty now, are we, my lady?’ he sneered.

‘I don’t see what you hope to gain by this abduction. If I do not return to Wenham, Lord Upminster will hunt you down and kill you.’

‘Lord Upminster will be glad I’ve rid him of an unwanted burden. Why else would he banish you to this backwater?’

‘You are mistaken; he is at this very moment riding here. There is still time for you to save your life; release me and you might still live.’

He stared at her. His thin lips curved in the semblance of a smile. ‘If what you say is true, then my days are numbered anyway. If you’re lying then your demise can only be of benefit to me.’

‘My people will know it was you. Are you so stupid you have not realised your tenure as estate manager was over as soon as an Upminster took up residence at Wenham?’ She had his full attention now. ‘Whilst Lord Upminster didn’t know this estate existed you were safe. Whatever happens to me, he will retain all that is his; including your house and certainly your life. The rich remain so because they never let the money owed to them go unrepaid.’

The two unkempt men who had accompanied him began to mutter to themselves. They must know what she said was true. Whatever the outcome of tonight’s events, their master’s days of power were over and their own lives in mortal danger.

The sidled backwards and disappeared into the blackness. Foster hesitated then he turned to leave also. ‘Mr Foster, please untie me; I can find my own way home. Surely you don’t wish to have my death on your conscience?’

He stopped and his empty eyes met hers. ‘It don’t matter to me, either way. In fact it will please me to know you’ve perished for your interference has ruined my life.’

The door closed plunging her back into freezing darkness and her defiance crumpled. She had failed. She was going to be left to die in a miserable hovel and there was nothing she could do about it apart from pray.

She stiffened, alerted by the sound of stealthy footsteps approaching her prison again. Foster, or one of his henchmen, had changed his mind and was returning to silence her for ever.



Leo was back downstairs, changed, fed and much restored, as two of Jenkins men appeared at the kitchen door. ‘Anything?’

‘Yes, my lord. There are signs of a struggle in the empty stall at the end of the row. It’s hard to search outside, what with the snow and the dark but there’s a trail of broken branches leading away towards the village.’

‘Good man. You’ve confirmed what I already suspected. Send Sam to me if he returns before we leave, now get something to eat and drink. I’ll need you again soon.’ He turned to Jenkins. ‘How well do you know this area?’

‘Well enough, my lord.’

‘Is there a hostelry in the village? Somewhere the malcontents can meet and gain courage from their ale?’

‘Indeed there is, my lord, at Wenham village. It’s a rat hole, little better than the hovels they live in.’

Leo looked at his fob watch. ‘The ringleaders will be nursing their grievances over an ale pot. I want all the men, armed and ready and outside in ten minutes. We’re going to Wenham; I daren’t wait for Sam to return. We must hope we meet him on the way.’

If the men thought a march through the snow in the dark was asking too much of them they didn’t say so. They were battle hardened soldiers and went where they were bid without complaint. Having a full belly made them ready for anything.

Jones wanted to join them but was told to stay and guard the manor. Jones knew better than to argue.

‘Jenkins, I want the men marching in file; heavy footed, fully armed; let the rabble know we are coming to rout them.’

‘Yes, my lord.’ When the men, half sozzled, heard marching feet outside, they would think the Militia had arrived. The rest would be easy.

Lanterns swaying, blobs of brightness in the white, the men set out; Leo rode behind mounted on a sturdy hunter. He forced himself to concentrate on the task in hand when every sinew screamed to be searching and rescuing his beloved Ellie. A lesser man might not realise that unless he disbanded the mob first, not just his wife would die, but dozens of women and children. The militia would be mustering in Norwich and when they descended on an area death and destruction followed in full measure.

Sam’s small group met Leo as they reached the outskirts of the village. ‘My lord; I have two of the ringleaders here. Do wish to speak to them?’

‘Bring them. Let us get this over with.’ Leo dismounted smoothly and gestured for his men to form a circle of light around him. Sam dragged the terrified men forwards; they had been forced to run behind the horses roped together by the hands. Whatever defiance the men might have been considering crumbled when they saw the formidable giant waiting to question them. A bloody death was staring them in the face.

‘You will tell me, now, who is behind this trouble?’ He didn’t need to ask a second time. In moments he had all the information he needed to hang Foster and his henchmen. ‘Sam, you and Davies come with me. Jenkins, take these objects back to the village. They can tell the rest of the miscreants what will happen if they’re still there when I arrive tomorrow morning.’

Jenkins led the prisoners back along the lane and Leo was satisfied the danger from civil unrest was over. Now he could concentrate on finding his beloved girl and punishing her attackers.

‘We need to travel quietly, Sam. Foster will have guards on the door; we don’t want to alert them.’

The snow underfoot cushioned their progress and apart from the occasional jangle of a bit the four men travelled silently in the silvery light. Leo reined in. The others halted behind him. There were voices coming from the lane ahead.

He dismounted quietly and with his hand over the nostrils of his mount led it through the hedge and into the field above. He was followed by one other horseman. Sam vanished, in similar fashion, up the bank on the far side of the path.

Leo drew his sabre and crouched, coiled to spring upon the men approaching in the lane below. These were the bastards who had abducted Ellie. His mind was clear, his decision made. The two men walked blindly into his trap. It was over in seconds. They fell dead in their tracks, snuffed out instantly, given no time to cry a warning to anyone else waiting by the hut.

He wiped his sabre blade casually on his breeches and slid it back into its scabbard. Two men had died and not a word had been spoken. Leaving the horses he gestured and crept forwards, almost invisible against the hedgerow. Sam took a man and circled left, Leo with the other, went right. There was no sign of anyone else on guard, but he never took chances.

He raised his fist; Sam and the men understood and all dropped to one knee in the snow, rifles cocked and raised, ready to fire if anyone appeared in the doorway.

Leo carefully lifted the bar. He stood to one side, pistol out, and yanked the door open. He paused, holding his breath, waiting; then he heard a sound from within. He dropped his pistol and charged, caution forgotten, into the hovel. Eleanor was alive!

‘Leo, oh Leo, thank God, it’s you! I thought it was Foster returning to finish me.’

‘Ellie, sweetheart, what has he done to you. Sit still, I’ll have these undone in a second.’ He sliced through the ropes with a knife he had pulled with the ease of long practice from inside his boot. A lantern was lit and held up by one of his men.

Her arms and legs were free but for some reason they weren’t moving. She had been held for so long in one position all feeling must have vanished. Leo removed his coat and draped it around her shoulders. She was too quiet, too cold, her expression dazed. ‘Ellie, Ellie, talk to me. Are you hurt? Darling, did he harm you?’ He shook her gently trying to make her concentrate. She was finding it difficult to speak. She leant closer, resting her dirty face on his chest.

‘I am well, now you are here, Leo, but so cold… so very cold.’ Her voice was little more than a whisper but it was enough to reassure him

‘I’ll have you safe and warm very soon, my love. And no one will ever harm you again; I’ll take better care of you in future.’

He regained his feet and, holding his precious burden to his heart stepped out into the moonlight. His broad back made a perfect target. Sam, a fraction too late, had seen Leo’s assailant. Foster didn’t live to see the havoc his shot had caused.

Leo staggered and fell to his knees still cradling Eleanor. ‘Sam, take her’ he groaned but managed to stay upright just long enough for Sam to drop his smoking rifle and leap forward to catch the unconscious girl. Leo, his mission complete, pitched into the snow and joined his wife in the twilight world that hovered between life and death.



The smell of hot toast and melted butter finally roused Eleanor from her stupor. She rolled over, yawned, stretched and opened her eyes. Then she blinked again, not sure her first glance had been correct.

‘Yes, child, it is I, Sophia, come to minister to the invalids.’

Eleanor pushed herself up onto her elbows and stared open mouthed at her fashion-conscious sister-in-law dressed in a brown dress with high collar and long neatly buttoned sleeves. She wasn’t sure if the plain outfit or Sophia’s presence in her bedchamber surprised her most. ‘What are you doing here? I don’t understand at all.’

Sophia grinned, an expression seen as rarely as a plain outfit. ‘It is a long story.’ She placed the tray of hot toast and weak tea down on the side table within easy reach of her patient. ‘Here, let me help to sit you up. I expect you are as weak as a kitten.’ She grasped Eleanor firmly under the arms and expertly moved her up the bed. She had obviously done this before - another surprise! ‘Do you know you have been asleep for three days? I woke you sometimes and spooned water down your throat but you never fully revived, until now.’

‘There is something else I haven’t done for three days, Sophia. I must get up, now, at once.’

Her urgent tone carried a hint of desperation. Sophia deftly flicked the covers back and helped her swing her legs to the floor.

‘Let me help you, my dear; your legs will be wobbly after so long in bed.’ The trip to the discreetly screened chamber pot and back taxed Eleanor’s depleted strength and she was glad to regain the comfort of her bed. Her stomach gurgled alarmingly startling both women into fits of giggles.

Sophia put the tray across Eleanor’s lap. ‘Here, I think this is what you need.’ The toast was rapidly demolished and the tea drunk thirstily.

She leant back feeling almost like her old self. ‘Now, Sophia, tell me how you come to be at Wenham acting nursemaid to me.’

Her sister-in-law pulled up a stool and sat down. ‘When you ran away the duke was beside himself. It is odd, but after so many years without seeing or speaking of his youngest son, now he can think and converse of nothing else.’

‘I suppose having rejected Leo so unkindly he’s afraid he will die before he has made amends.’

Sophia nodded. ‘Yes, I am sure that is correct. Anyway, when the message came to say you had been found the duke decided we must up sticks and travel at once to Monk’s Hall to be there to welcome you back.’

‘He was very sure Leo would persuade me.’

‘All the Upminster’s get their way in the end, do you not realise that?’

She smiled. ‘Of course, I do. Now, go on; you are all at Monk’s Hall, I follow the tale so far; but how are you now at Wenham?’

‘His grace wasn’t content to wait but decided we should travel on, regardless of either our, or your, feelings on the subject. Gareth tried to explain you would need time alone together to sort out your differences but the duke, as usual, ignored him. He insisted Leo would need his trappings as he left with only a single change of raiment in his saddle bags. And so here we are.’

She looked round the sparsely furnished room. ‘While I am glad I came, for no one else could have acted as nurse, I will be relieved when you are both well enough to travel back to the comfort of Monk’s Hall.’

Eleanor shot upright, her complexion pale. ‘Both? Sophia, is Leo hurt? I must go to him.

‘Leo is going to make a full recovery, my dear. Gareth and the duke are watching over him like a hen with a single chick.’ She smiled. ‘Poor Sam is hardly allowed to help at all.’

‘Poor Leo, you mean.’ Eleanor relaxed again, her initial panic over. ‘He must hate all the fussing. He will recover far better if affairs are left to his man.’

She leant out of the bed, almost losing her balance, and grabbed the bell strap, giving it a vigorous pull. ‘In fact, I’m going to insist Sam’s put in charge.’ Sophia opened her mouth to protest but changed her mind. Mary came in, bobbing a curtsy, before turning face wreathed in smiles to Eleanor.

‘You’re awake last, my lady, we’ve been that worried. What can I get for you?’

‘I wish you to relieve the marchioness from her duties as my maid. And I wish Sam to resume his duties with Lord Upminster immediately.’

‘Will I speak to Sam, or…?’

Sophia laughed. ‘No, Mary, you can leave it to me. I’ll go at once to Lord Upminster’s chamber and deliver Lady Upminster’s message.’

Eleanor’s plan had worked as she knew it would. When the door closed behind Sophia she turned to Mary. ‘I need a hot bath, Mary. I still have the smell the hovel on my hair. After that I wish to get up.’

‘There’s a bath being sent up already, my lady. You relax a while; you’ve had a nasty experience.’

‘It appears it wasn’t as nasty as Lord Upminster’s. How was he injured?’

Mary hesitated and Eleanor frowned. ‘You must tell me, Mary, I insist.’

He was shot in the back by that devil; but it was a clean wound and he’s making a full recovery.’

‘And Foster?’

‘Dead, my lady; Sam shot him.’

‘Good. I’m glad; he was a wicked man.’

Mary busied herself placing screens and setting up a hip bath in front of the fire. Then she hung several towels to warm on a wooden stand. The sound of shuffling footsteps heralded the arrival of hot water.

Eleanor hated the fact that having a bath involved so much backbreaking work for so many people. When they returned to Monk’s Hall she would insist Leo put in fixed baths in the dressing rooms attached to the main suites. At least then only the hot water would have to be carried upstairs, for the cold would exit through the pipes attached to the bath.

She had forgiven Leo and was prepared to start again. The thought of what this would mean made her blood surged round her body. There was so much she had to learn about him and more importantly, about being a wife. She couldn’t wait for the instruction to begin.

The warm bath restored her and removed the final residue of her captivity from her person. She sat cross-legged in front of the roaring fire whilst Mary brushed her hair dry. ‘It will have to do, Mary; I wish to get dressed. Find something pretty for me, I don’t care what, but please make sure it has long sleeves and a warm underskirt.’ She had Mary arrange her freshly washed hair simply behind her head then thread it with a ribbon, leaving it hanging down in a heavy dark cloud.

The dress she wore was too loose, but the high waist and wide hem helped to disguise her loss of weight. The russet colour suited her, making her eyes appear more tawny then green. ‘Are you finished, Mary? The sash is tied beautifully and my wrap is arranged just as it should be. Please stop fussing and let me go.’

‘There, I’m done. You look lovely, my lady. A little darkness under the eyes is all there is to show of your ordeal.’

‘Thank you, Mary.’ She walked towards the communicating door desperate to see Leo but unexpectedly reluctant to go in. As she hesitated Mary took matters into her own hands and knocked hard on the wooden panel.





Chapter Twenty-five





The room was empty of unwanted helpers; they had taken the hint and gone. Leo looked surprisingly small in the massive bed. At the sound of the communicating door opening he tiredly glanced around. Then his mouth curved into smile of joy and his eyes glittered with an emotion he quickly disguised.

‘Ellie, my dear, come in. I’ve been worried about you.’

She glided towards the still figure in the bed. To her dismay it appeared Sophia had been untruthful. Leo was far from well. His face had an unhealthy pallor and he hardly had the strength to raise his head. ‘I’m afraid I cannot say the same, Leo.’ His expression of surprise at her blunt statement made her smile. ‘I meant I was unaware you’d been hurt until an hour ago. You don’t look at all recovered.’

He patted the tapestry seated chair placed conveniently beside the bed. ‘Thank you, Eleanor; it’s good to know I’m doing so well.’

‘Idiot! I meant Sophia told me you were almost better but I can see that’s not the case at all.’ She smiled. ‘If you have had both the duke and Gareth in here fussing it’s hardly surprising you’re not making progress. I have had them sent away; Sam and I can take care of you now.’

‘There’s no need for you to concern yourself, my dear. Sam can manage. You have also been unwell and mustn’t over tax yourself on my behalf.’

She sensed a certain reservation in his tone. Did he not want her help? She sat back, thinking rapidly. Was he too sick to discuss the issues that had separated them? ‘Leo, we need to talk. I know you’re unwell but I have things I must say to you and I cannot leave them unsaid any longer.’

‘You’re quite right. There also things I must say to you.’ He smiled sadly as if anticipating her words would give him pain ‘Shall I speak first? After all I am, as you so kindly reminded me, “not looking at all recovered”.’

Eleanor braced herself to suffer what was obviously going to be unpleasant news. ‘Very well, my lord, what is it you wish to say to me?’ She sat back, her expression polite, her eyes guarded.

‘Ellie, this is hard for me to say. In fact the words are choking me, but say them I will.’ He swallowed twice. ‘I wish to annul the marriage; to give you your freedom. The duke has given me the estates that my mother left me and my title is no longer one of courtesy only.’ He glanced across as if expecting to see relief and happiness on her face. He saw tears trickling down her cheeks. ‘I thought you would be pleased. I am giving you Monk’s Hall and the funds Aunt Prudence left. You are an independent woman now. Is that not what you always wanted?’

She struggled to reply her throat was so thick with tears. ‘No, of course it’s not. I love you Leo. I want to be your wife, I want to have your children, share Monk’s Hall with you; not grow old and lonely on my own.

He stared at her as if stunned by her revelation. Then to her astonishment he stretched out a suspiciously strong arm and tumbled her onto the bed. ‘My darling girl; I can’t believe you love me after all I’ve done to you. I’ve loved you since I first set eyes on you as a gawky schoolgirl of fourteen years.’ He grinned at her look of disbelief. ‘It is true, my love, it’s just that I didn’t recognise this fact until I thought you had gone for ever.’ She wriggled upright, her face suffused with happiness.

‘And I have loved you since that time, but I discovered the fact a little sooner.’

He reached out and with his thumb rubbed away her tears. ‘Tell me, when did you realise that you loved me?’

‘It was when I thought Rufus had killed you. I thought I was going to lose you and I knew without you my life would be meaningless.’

He took her hand and pulled her down to nestle contentedly against his sound shoulder. He settled his arm about her waist and with a smile of total contentment on his face fell asleep trapping her beside him. She raised her head and drank in his beloved features; noticing with a pang how thin his face had become, how deep the lines were either side of his mouth.

But he was no longer the pale, drawn man she had seen on her entrance; his face was now a healthy pink and his mouth relaxed, even in sleep, into a happy smile. Satisfied, she laid her head gently back and closed her eyes allowing her breathing to slowly attune to his.



His Grace, the Duke of Rothmere, stood outside the bed chamber door as determined to gain admittance as Sam was to keep him out. ‘Stand aside, man, I wish to speak to my son.’

‘I am sorry, your grace, his lordship is resting and must not be disturbed.’

‘I will be the judge of that. Get out of my way, I say. I will not be argued with.’ The raised voice brought both Sophia and Gareth hurrying down the corridor.

‘Your grace,’ Gareth remonstrated gently, ‘come away. Eleanor is with Leo, did you not know that?’

‘Good God!’ The duke beamed at Sam. ‘Good man! Well done, well done indeed.’ He turned, still smiling. ‘Leo will get well now; all the boy needed was his wife beside him.’ He chuckled. ‘I never thought to see a soldier so reduced by love.’



Leo woke first. ‘My darling, I’m afraid you will have to move.’

Sleepily she yawned, then fully awake, realised the problem. ‘I’m so sorry, Leo, I must have fallen asleep.’

He grinned and gingerly flexed his arm, trying to restore some life to it. ‘Don’t apologise, sweetheart, that was the first real rest I’ve had for several weeks. A stiff arm is a small price to pay.’

She shifted across the covers and regained her feet. ‘It’s getting dark, Leo. We must have been asleep for hours.’ She pulled the bell strap. ‘We need the lamps lit and the fire is almost out.’

A knock on the door startled both of them. ‘Come,’ he called.

Sam stepped in a sheepish grin on his face. ‘I heard you stirring, my lord, lady. Shall I light the lamps and rekindle the fire?’

‘Have you been outside the door all this time, Sam?

His man nodded. ‘You needed some peace, my lord. You’ve had precious little of it these last few days.’

Leo ran his hand over the dark stubble on his chin. ‘I think hot water is called for. Ellie, my love, leave me in Sam’s capable hands. Don’t go far; as soon as I’m respectable I wish you to return.’

‘I think you look like a brigand, Leo. I rather like it, it complements your personality.’

‘Impertinent chit! Have you no respect?’

‘None at all. How long will he be, Sam?’

‘Give us an hour, my lady. Shall I send for you?’

She nodded. ‘Yes, please. I will be downstairs somewhere, I expect.’ She left the room leaving Leo still chuckling.

Mary was waiting anxiously for her mistress. ‘There you are, my lady. Good heavens, that dress looks as though you’ve been asleep in it.’

‘I have, Mary. Do I need to change or can you repair the damage?’

Mary surveyed the crumpled gown and shook her head. ‘It will not do I’m afraid. It’s almost time to change for dinner anyway. I’ll get out a suitable gown.’ Eleanor looked mutinous. ‘You have guests, my lady. They will expect you to dress.’

‘Oh, very well. I didn’t wish to remain downstairs for dinner. I intended to share a tray with Lord Upminster. We have so much catching up to do.’

‘My lady, the duke and the marquis and marchioness, have dined alone for three nights; it wouldn’t be right to ignore them now you’re well.’

Eleanor submitted to Mary’s ministrations and an hour later was resplendent in a peach silk dinner gown, with her hair swept up into a knot on top of her head. She stared at her reflection. ‘It’s a shame I had to sell my amber beads. They went so well with this dress.’

There was a soft tap on the communicating door. ‘That will be Sam telling me I can go in.’ She heard the door open.

‘I rather thought you would need these this evening, my love.’ Her eyes flew up to meet Leo’s in the mirror. He was dressed formally in his evening black, the empty sleeve on the right the only indication of his injury. He stepped close and placed an open jewel box on the dressing table. Inside was her amber necklace.

‘I don’t understand; I sold these in Norwich a few days ago.’

He smiled. ‘And I bought these in Norwich a few days ago. Don’t look so surprised, darling girl, I knew you would have to sell your jewellery and Jenkins had the funds to purchase them.’ He ran his hand over the golden stones. ‘They are lovely, but not good enough for you. We’ll go to town and purchase something more suitable.’

‘Town?’ Eleanor replied faintly. ‘In season?’

He grinned. ‘I’m a reformed character; I intend to take you to every ball and soiree of importance. I will even dance a cotillion with you.’

She spun, her dress a blur of colour, and placed a hand on her husband’s arm. ‘It’s very kind of you to offer, Leo, but I would much prefer to stay at home with you.’

He clasped her hand in his and raised it to his lips. Smiling down at her he kissed first the tips of her fingers, then turned it and pressed his mouth to her palm. He raised his head, his eyes dark with love. ‘I rather hoped you would say that, my love, but I felt I had to offer.’

Impulsively she stretched up and placed a feather light kiss on his mouth intending her gesture to merely indicate her pleasure. He released her hand and placed his one arm around her waist to bring her hard against him. His mouth sought hers and she tipped her head to receive his kiss.

A slight sound from Mary standing behind them caused him to raise his head. ‘I’m afraid, my darling, that duty calls.’ He dropped his arm moved back a step, and lifted the amber beads from their box. ‘Shall I fasten these, for you, sweetheart?’

She grinned. ‘With one hand? That would be impressive! ‘

‘We shall do it together. If you stand still I’ll hold them whilst you do up the clasp.’

It would have been more sensible to hand the necklace to Mary but she wanted to prolong the moment of intimacy.

‘There, my love, you look ravishing.’ he looked closer and frowned. ‘But you’re far too thin. You’ve not been looking after yourself properly. All that will change now I’m here to take care of you.’

‘I’m not the only one who has lost weight. You’re a shadow of your former self, my love.’

He pulled her arm through his. ‘Obviously we cannot manage without each other. A matter that has now, I sincerely hope, been permanently remedied.’

They heard the dinner bell ringing and the sound of voices passing the closed door. ‘We must go down, Ellie. It’s the least we can do after my father, Gareth and Sophia, have driven all this way to see us.’

She was aware he was leaning on her, not the other way round. She glanced anxiously at his face, noting the tense lines around his mouth. ‘You’re not well, Leo. This is ridiculous. You should be in your bed.

‘I am fine, my dear, please don’t fuss. We are going down to dinner, not for a five mile route march.’

She remained stationary. ‘We will only go down, Leo, if you promise me you’ll return to your room as soon as the meal is over.’

‘Very well; now, shall we go?’

Their three guests swivelled in their chairs to greet them as they entered the dining-room.

The duke moved over to his son. ‘Come and sit down, my boy, we are all delighted to see you up and about again.’

Leo allowed himself to be led towards the table a pale smile fixed his lips. ‘Thank you, your grace. We didn’t wish you to eat alone for a fourth night, did we, my dear?’

Ellie had already been seated but didn’t reply until Leo was safely installed in his chair as well. ‘No, we did not. But I’m afraid I am still feeling a little weak, so hope you will excuse me if I retire early, your grace?’ Murmurs of assent rippled round the table. Leo flashed a grateful glance, as her departure would allow him to also leave early.

During the second remove of jugged hare, quails in honey, assorted buttered vegetables and cream vanilla jellies, the duke turned to his youngest son.

‘Well, Leo, my boy, what you going to do with Wenham Manor, now? You and Eleanor are not intending to live here, are you?’

‘Good grief! I hope not!’ Leo looked at his wife. ‘Do you want to return to Monk’s Hall, Ellie?’

‘Yes, of course I do, it’s my home.’ She blushed and corrected herself. ‘It’s our home.’

The duke beamed. ‘Excellent, excellent, it is too far to travel for a visit to this benighted neck of the woods.’

Leo sat back, his colour much restored after consuming a hearty meal. ‘I had thought, Ellie, my dear, that maybe John Jones would like to become our estate manager here? He seems to have been doing an efficient job so far.’ Eleanor’s smile of delight at the suggestion made verbal agreement unnecessary. ‘In that case, I’ll speak to him tomorrow’

Impulsively she leant across the table and clasped his hand. ‘Thank you, Leo; it’s a wonderful gesture. I know John wishes to marry Mary and now he can do so. I’ll miss her; she has been a friend as well as an employee these past five years, but she deserves to be as happy as I am and so does John.’

It was as though they were alone in the room. Leo’s eyes glowed and his hand tightened over hers. ‘I love you, Ellie, and intend to spend the rest of my life making you happy.’

‘Er..umm….’ the duke cleared his throat politely. Leo didn’t release her hand at first, but when she pulled he immediately let go. He sat back with a contented smile and spoke directly to Gareth.

‘It’s going to be some time before matters are sorted out here, Gareth. There is Foster’s house to sell and I will have to engage lawyers to draw up an agreement for Jones to sign. These things cannot be accomplished overnight.’

Gareth took the hint. ‘And we have to return to Rothmere. We have been away from the children too long already, have we not, Sophia my dear?’

For an instant Sophia looked blank. The three boys were well catered for by a team of nannies and tutors and would scarcely have noticed their fond parents’ departure. Gareth raised an eyebrow in the duke’s direction.

‘Indeed we have, my love. Now that our patients are almost well again, we will not linger.’ She smiled at her father-in-law. ‘Your grace, can you be ready to depart tomorrow morning?’

‘Depart? So soon?’ Rothmere wasn’t a stupid man and must realise he’d been outmanoeuvred. ‘Yes, of course I can, my dear Sophia. We will depart as soon as we have broken out fast.’

Leo, having achieved his objective, nodded to his father. ‘If you will excuse me, your grace, it has been a long evening and I am beginning to flag.’

Eleanor took her cue. ‘As I am, your grace. It has been a delightful evening and when we are re-established Monk’s Hall I hope you will all come and visit?’ She smiled mischievously at Sophia. ‘Please bring the boys, Sophia, I can understand how you hate to be apart from them.’

Sophia’s look of horror at the helpful suggestion was almost Eleanor’s undoing. Somehow she managed to hide her amusement as a footman pulled out of her chair.

Her sister-in-law recovered quickly. ‘Thank you so much for the kind invitation, my dear Eleanor. Gareth and I will be delighted to visit when the weather improves.’

The gentlemen politely rose. Eleanor took Leo’s arm and felt it quivering beneath her touch. She dared not look up and catch his eye. He bid his family a choked goodnight and they hurried from the room. They managed to reach the stairs before they dissolved into laughter.

He leaned against the wall tears of mirth trickling down his face. ‘Oh God, Ellie you’re incorrigible!’ He spluttered. ‘Laughing so much has set my shoulder off again.’

Instantly she sobered. ‘Leo, I’m so sorry. Let me help you upstairs. I’ll call Sam to take care of you.’

He pushed herself upright, his expression tender. ‘It’s not Sam I wish to take care of me tonight, my darling, it is you.’ He traced the outline of her parted lips with his forefinger and her knees trembled. ‘Are you ready, little bird? I’ve waited a lifetime for this moment, and if you’re sure then I don’t wish to wait another minute.’ The heat in his eyes consumed her with passion and she almost fell into his embrace.

Leo braced himself and lifted her from her feet, holding her captive; her softness moulded to his hard contours; he plundered her waiting mouth in a kiss that told her all she needed to know about his feelings.

A long time later he relaxed his hold and lowered her gently. ‘This is not the place for this, my love. Will you come with me and let me show you how much I love you?’

She placed her hand on his empty sleeve. ‘Are you sure you’re well enough? You’ve just spent three days in your bed.’

‘And that is where I hope to spend the next three days, my darling, but this time I don’t intend to be alone. Will you join me, darling girl?’

Speechless with joy she placed her hand trustingly in his. Together at last they headed for the bed room to share their love in the way all lovers do.



Downstairs, in the dining-room the duke stood and raised his brimming glass, a rare smile softening his austere features. ‘Let us toast my youngest son and his beautiful wife. May they be as happy for the rest of their lives as they are this night.’





Epilogue



Monk’s Hall, October 1817



‘What time is his grace expected, Leo?’

‘The letter said by midday, and it’s almost that now. Let go, madam, you will strangle me.’ With a fond smile he carefully unravelled his infant daughter’s plump fingers from his cravat.

‘Shall I take Isabel? By the time your father arrives you will be in no fit state to receive him.’ Eleanor put aside the letter from Mary she had been reading and strolled over to join her husband and baby at their vigil by the window.

‘Mama, Mama,’ Isabel chortled and launched herself from her father’s arms. Only his quick reactions saved the baby from a fall.

‘Good grief, Bella darling, I wish you wouldn’t do that. I just aged ten years.’ The baby screeched with joy from her position, suspended by the rear of her smocked dress, in her father’s right hand.

Eleanor scooped up the baby and held her at arm’s length. ‘You are going to hurt yourself, my darling child, if you continue to throw yourself from Papa’s arms like that. One day he may not be quick enough to catch you.’

Leo leant down and kissed his wriggling daughter. ‘I will never let you fall, little one, and your Mama knows it.’ He put his arm around her shoulders and gathered them close.

She lifted her head to receive his kiss.

Both were smiling when they stepped apart knowing there was no urgency, they had the rest of their lives to share their love. Isabel wriggled so vigorously Eleanor was forced to put her down which was exactly what the baby wanted. She balanced, swaying a little, then with a determined expression, reminiscent of her father, she cautiously moved one small bare foot then the other.

Eleanor dropped to her knees on the other side of the Persian mat and held open her arms. ‘Look, at her, Papa, she’s walking. Come on, clever girl, come to your Mama.’

To their mutual satisfaction the little girl managed to stagger across the carpet before collapsing happily into her mother’s waiting arms. ‘Leo, Isabel has walked one day before her first birthday, I’m sure that’s very advanced for a child of her age. I’m glad I won’t have to carry her around for much longer.’

He had been staring out of the window; his head whipped round, his eyebrows raised.

‘Yes, my love, we are expecting a little brother or sister for Isabel, next spring.’

‘Are you happy about this, darling? Isn’t too soon?’

She laughed. ‘It’s too late to repine, Leo. But yes, I’m delighted; spring is the perfect time to have a new baby.’

He reached down and removed his daughter from her lap. ‘Come to Papa, little one; your Mama mustn’t exert herself.’

‘Nonsense, Leo. I’m as strong as a horse. You must learn not to worry so.’ She grinned. ‘After all, I think it likely I’m going to find myself in this condition on a fairly frequent basis.’ She cocked her head and pouted provocatively. ‘Unless you’re intending to remove to another bedchamber, my love?’

‘Baggage! My place is by your side, unless of course, you request me to sleep elsewhere.’

‘Never! I love you, and a large family is the happy consequence of a loving relationship.’ She picked up the disregarded letter. ‘Mary and John are happy too; married life is agreeing with them. It’s a pity they’re past the age when they can expect to have children themselves.’

‘I’m sure they will be content as they are. They have a busy life running Wenham Manor. The extra employment provided by the workshops they have set up is making the village more prosperous. And if Mary is intending to start a school for the children; as you said, she will be too busy for anything else.

‘You were generous to give them Wenham for their lifetime. I do miss Mary dreadfully, and John of course, but it’s good to know they’re happy and the estate is returning to the well-ordered, prosperous place, it used to be.’

Their conversation was interrupted by the furious barking of their two dogs. Leo hurried to the window. ‘It’s the duke; he has made good time.’ His eyes glowed. Isabel had seen the carriage. She started bouncing up and down in his arms, waving wildly at the carriage.

‘Ossy! Ossy!’

‘Yes, sweetheart, they are horses. Shall we go out to see them? Your Grandpapa has come. You’re a lucky girl, are you not?’

Leo carried their daughter out to greet his father; the sound of the baby’s cries of joy when she was allowed to reach out and pat the sweating neck of the lead horse could be heard through the open window. Smiling Eleanor tucked Mary’s letter away in her pocket and went out to greet her father-in-law. She sent a heartfelt prayer of thanks to her Aunt Prudence who had, by her peculiar will, made her the happiest woman in England.





A HOUSE PARTY

BY

FENELLA J MILLER





Chapter One

England 1814





‘God damn it! Am I to have no peace?’ Ned Weston, the Earl of Rushford swore without raising his eyes from the paper he was studying.

‘Stow it, Weston, I’m not one of your unfortunate servants. I’m here an official business.’

‘Carstairs, what the devil are you doing here? Last time I heard you were in Paris with Wellington.’

The man in faded regimentals folded himself on to the nearby chair and smiled. ‘It’s on his command that I’m here. Don’t shoot the messenger, my friend.’

Ned pushed his chair back and strode to the bell-strap. He was glad of the excuse to take a break; estate business had never been a favourite pastime. ‘I must apologize for my rudeness; I have been trapped at my desk for the past three days trying to catch up with things.’

‘Well, your estate will have to wait. I have an urgent commission for you.’ Major Richard Carstairs stood up and joined his friend at the window. ‘This is not your usual mission – Ned. It doesn’t involve travelling far.’

A timid knock on the door prevented Carstairs from saying anything further.

‘Enter.’ Ned turned to greet the footman who had answered his summons.’ Have coffee brought here and some of that plum cake I had yesterday. Tell Brown to make up a room for the major.’ The footman bowed and nervously backed out of the room.

‘He obviously drew the short straw,’ Major Carstairs said. ‘I’m amazed you retain your staff, you treat them so badly.’

‘But I pay them far more than they could get elsewhere. And don’t forget over the past few years I have been absent more than I have been in residence.’ The earl towered over his friend, his flaming red hair a warning to all that he was not a man to trifle with. ‘Shall we be seated? I’m eager to hear what my next task shall be.’

‘There’s a chance that the smugglers who work around this coastline are carrying more than contraband in their holds. Wellington believes that gold’s leaving these shores destined for Bonaparte’s supporters. We don’t want the French to raise another army and release their Emperor from imprisonment.’

Ned shook his head. ‘In Suffolk? Surely not. I’ve yet to meet a man who supports the French. I doubt that anyone local could be involved.’

‘Have you heard of The Suffolk Aeronautical Society?’

‘Indeed I have. In fact I gave them permission to use my name and have donated far more than I’m prepared to admit. However, I’ve had nothing to do with them since the outbreak of war.’

‘I’m relieved to hear you say so. We believe Bonaparte’s supporters could be using balloon ascents all over the county as a cover for something nefarious. No one is surprised to find the pilots are Frenchmen. What better way for a spy to travel the country?’

They were interrupted by the arrival of the refreshments. Ned waved the footman away impatiently. He wanted to hear exactly what Wellington wished him to do. The coffee was cold before either of them thought to drink it.

‘Let me get this straight. I’m to invite this particular bunch of aeronauts to a local event and by mingling with them, discover if your suspicions are correct?’

‘Yes, that’s exactly what we wish you to do. You have long had an interest in this association so why should anyone suspect you’re more than a wealthy aristocrat with more money than sense?’

‘I never attend public functions and to do so now would be totally out of character.’

‘We’ve considered that possibility and have the perfect answer. I’ve been reliably informed that a year ago you danced attendance on a certain young lady by the name of Miss Penelope Coombs, but were called abroad before you made the arrangement official. Did you know Miss Coombs resides not five miles from Ipswich? No one would think it odd of you to attend a balloon ascent in order to renew your acquaintance, especially as you’re known to favour blondes with blue eyes.’

‘I hardly think the comparison to my latest flirt is appropriate.’ Ned’s eyes were hard. The major didn’t look away. Eventually Ned spoke again. ‘So, you wish me to break the heart of a lovely young woman twice in as many years? I won’t do it. You must find someone else.’

‘There’s no one else and it’s an order. You’ve no choice. All you have to do is ensure Miss Coombs and her aunt attend the event. A man of your ingenuity should have no difficulty with that.’



‘What did you say, Aunt Lucy?’ Penelope Coombs stared at her aged aunt with undisguised amazement. ‘Attend a balloon ascent?’

‘My dear, have I not told you how enthralled I have become of late with all things aeronautical?’

‘No, Aunt, you have not. Indeed I can say without fear of contradiction that this is the very first time you have ever expressed so much as a passing interest in the matter.’

Lady Dalrymple patted the chaise-longue making the feather on her maroon turban flutter. ‘Do come and sit down, my dear, your pacing is making me dizzy.’

Penny paused at the far side of the drawing-room, the hem of her pale green muslin skirt swirling around her ankles. ‘I cannot sit still. I’m certain the letter from London will come today.’

Aunt Lucy snorted. ‘In my opinion the whole thing is fustian. Your poor father would turn in his grave if he knew how you intend to spend his money.’

‘That’s doing it too brown, Aunt Lucy. I only intend to invest half my funds in shipping - and there will be more than enough left over to keep us both in luxury for the rest of our lives.’ Penelope walked over to join her aunt. ‘What is all this about balloons, Aunt? Tell me more?’

‘If you stop perambulating around the room for five minutes I shall be happy to do so.’

‘Very well. I suppose your tale will pass the time’

‘I came by a poster advertising the ascent a week ago and quite made up my mind to attend. There are to be rides for the public and I am determined that I shall be first in the line.’

Penny gazed at her elderly aunt with affection. ‘You’re almost eighty years old, Aunt Lucy. Ballooning is for the young and agile.’

‘Stuff and nonsense! I am fitter now than some people half my age. It is because of my approaching name day that I wish to do it. The good Lord might call me back at any moment. Can you think of a better way to go than when one is already half way to heaven?’

Penny chuckled. ‘Now I know you’ve run mad. Are you trying to tell me in a roundabout fashion that you hope to perish in the basket of the balloon?’

‘What a ridiculous notion? Of course not. I have a list here of ten things I wish to experience before I depart this world and a ride in a balloon is but third on it. I am determined that I shall accomplish them all before I meet my Maker. ‘

Penny held out her hand. ‘Please show me, Aunt. My heart quails at the prospect of discovering the two items that precede the ascent.’

Her aunt placed the paper in the outstretched hand, her eyes lowered, not wishing her astute great-niece to see her expression. She considered that her imaginary list was a masterstroke. When Penny had been obliged to return to the family home, on the sudden demise of Sir John Coombs just over a year ago, it had been in the happy expectation of receiving an offer from Edward Weston.

Lady Dalrymple smiled as she recalled the exact words on the bill advertising the forthcoming balloon ascent.

This event has been fully funded by the Earl of Rushford. Lord Weston is a founder member of The Suffolk Aeronautical Association.

With any luck his lordship would attend the event bringing several of his gentlemen friends. Whatever her personal feelings on the matter she was of the firm opinion that any earl was better than none.

Penny scanned the neatly penned list with growing consternation. Number one was a visit to Paris, number two a trip along the canals of Venice and number three, an ascent in a balloon. ‘Aunt Lucy, I know Bonaparte is imprisoned on Elba but I don’t believe it to be safe to travel abroad at the moment.’

‘Which is why, my dear, I intend to start with number three. It is fortuitous that such an event is to take place in our neighbourhood. It’s high time you were seen in public again. What is the point of having a new wardrobe in the first stare at fashion if you do not intend to be seen wearing it?’

‘Very well, I concede. Tomorrow we shall drive into Ipswich. However reluctant an aeronaut I am, I cannot allow you to take a flight unaccompanied. If you insist on this folly then we shall suffer the experience together.’ Penny grinned. ‘Don’t look so smug, Aunt Lucy, I promise you might well regret your determination to cheat the laws of nature. From what I have read on the subject many people experience nausea and all return frozen to the marrow.’



Saturday, the day of the expedition, dawned fair and cloud free. According to Tom, the coachman, this was the perfect weather for a balloon ascent. The barouche selected for the journey was waiting outside the house when Penny emerged dressed in her finest.

‘It is a perfect May day, my dear,’ Aunt Lucy said, pushing up her parasol. ‘Let us hope it does not become too hot.’

The carriage eventually joined the throng of like-minded vehicles on the main road into the bustling market town of Ipswich. As usual the streets were packed with vendors, pedestrians, carts, wagons and coaches, making progress slow.

Eventually they arrived at their destination and looked around the already crowded field with interest. Penny climbed down from the carriage glad they had chosen one that didn’t require steps.

‘Come along, Aunt Lucy; if you seriously intend to travel in the balloon then we must go and put our names down. We’re rather later than I would have wished and I can see the balloon is almost ready to fly.’ Arm in arm the two ladies, accompanied by a groom, headed in the direction of the balloon. They stopped to greet various acquaintances as they progressed.

‘It is far bigger than I expected. And what is that hideous hissing and gurgling I can hear?’

‘I have no idea, Aunt Lucy. I believe it’s coming from those barrels placed around the balloon. It must be the noise of the gas they’re putting inside that we can hear.’ Penny was relieved to see a large notice pinned to a wooden frame. ‘Look, there’re to be no rides today. It appears it’s too dangerous to take passengers aloft.’

Aunt Lucy schooled her features into the appearance of disappointment. ‘How vexing! I was so looking forward to it.’

As they watched, the sphere securely tethered by several cast-iron anchors, strained and pulled like a dog on a leash wishing to be free from restraint. The pilots scrambled in to the basket and a dozen men began to release the restraints. As the last tether dropped to the ground the magnificent air balloon shot skywards. It rose at a remarkable rate wafted by a thermal of warm air.

‘Well, that was exciting, Aunt Lucy, but hardly worth the effort of coming so far. We’ve only been here thirty minutes and the spectacle is over. Shall we wander around the field and view the various sideshows?’

Her aunt was still gazing up following the progress of the balloon. ‘I wonder what happens when they wish to descend, my dear. I suppose those carts must trundle after them. What did you ask me, my dear?’ The elderly woman stopped and exclaimed dramatically. ‘Good heavens! Look, Penny. Well I never did!’

Penny glanced over her shoulder to see what it was that had so excited her aunt. ‘If you have arranged this, Aunt Lucy, I shall never forgive you.’

Striding towards them was the very man she had convinced herself she never wished to see again. She was tempted to give him the cut direct, turn her back and walk briskly in the opposite direction, but something compelled her to remain where she was.

Her heart thudded painfully in her chest as Lord Weston approached. She wished this arrogant man did not still have the power to overwhelm her. She straightened her shoulders and deliberately looked in his direction. His green eyes bored into her. She lowered her head, hiding her face in the deep brim of her poke straw bonnet, hoping to break the connection, give herself time to regain her composure before she was obliged to greet him and the flock of fashionable ladies and gentlemen that trailed in his wake.

‘Lady Dalrymple, Miss Coombs, what a delightful surprise.’

The voice had not changed. It even now had the power to turn her from a sensible, level-headed young lady into a dizzy debutante. Reluctantly she raised her head.

‘Lord Weston, I had not expected to see you here today.’ She did not offer a hand, merely dipped her head in greeting. It was as if no one else stood near them. She might as well have been alone with him, not standing in an open field surrounded by milling crowds.

He stepped nearer; too close. The smell of leather and lemon soap washed over her, a painful reminder of his callous rejection last year. He was a monster. He had all but proposed to her then abandoned her to grieve for her beloved father alone. He wasn’t getting a second chance. She had learned her lesson. Only fools put their hands back in the fire for a second time.

‘Miss Coombs, I owe you a most sincere apology. Last year I was called away on business and when I returned you had vanished. I was bitterly disappointed until I discovered that your father had died and that was the reason you were no longer in town.’

Penny knew this was no excuse. He could have discovered where she resided and sought her out if he had wished. She had made it her business to find out where his family seat was. The fact that he lived but ten miles from her, and had never bothered to call and see how she did, had almost broken her spirit. She raised her eyebrows a fraction before answering, her words as false as his.

‘I must apologize to you, Lord Weston, if I inadvertently misled you. I had no inkling that you were serious in your marked attentions. I believed that we were of the same mind. That you had as little wish to form a serious attachment last season as I did.’ She smiled, the wide brim of her bonnet hiding her expression from all but him. She saw a flash of anger in his eyes before his mouth curled in that well remembered smile.

‘And are you still of the same mind, Miss Coombs?’ His tone was teasing, his words a challenge.

She swallowed nervously. He was almost impossible to resist when he adopted this playful tone. ‘It is my intention to become a woman of business. My agent in London is arranging for me to invest in shipping. I have no interest in matrimony. What possible reason could there be for me to give up my independence and fortune?’

He reached down and took her hands in his. Without breaking eye contact he slowly raised them to his lips. She attempted to remove them but his grip was strong. The all too familiar rush of heat travelled from her toes to her crown. If he kissed her fingers she would be unable to resist.

‘Lord Weston, are you in residence at Headingly for the summer?’ Aunt Lucy’s question demanded an answer.

Penny snatched her hands back as his attention turned to her aunt. Surreptitiously she stepped away, wanting to put a safe distance between them. She found herself next to a replica of the man she was trying to escape. Her expression of stupefaction made the young man laugh.

He bowed. ‘I know, Miss Coombs, we could be brothers, could we not? Allow me to introduce myself. James Weston, at your service.’

‘Of course. You are Lord Weston’s cousin. He spoke of you several times but never thought to mention that you could be his twin. Are you of an age?’

‘He is two years my senior. Unfortunately we both inherited this hair from our grandfather. It’s a family curse.’

Penny relaxed. It had taken only a few moments for her to realize that although externally the two men were identical, James Weston lacked the indefinable charisma and sense of authority that his older relative had in abundance.

‘Are you staying at Headingly, Mr Weston?’

‘I am, Miss Coombs. It’s some time since the family gathered together. Ned has been away on business until recently. We are not a particularly close group, but we do like to re-establish our connections now and again. So my cousin has arranged a house party.’

Lord Weston had completed his conversation with her aunt and was moving inexorably towards her once more. She smiled radiantly at her companion unaware of the impact she was making.

‘Mr Weston, would you be kind enough to escort me over to my carriage? I am feeling unwell. It has become unpleasantly warm and I have been standing in the sun too long.’

Immediately the young man offered his arm to her. ‘It would be my pleasure, Miss Coombs.’

She could feel the animosity pouring from Lord Weston but he didn’t intervene, and was relieved to reach the safety of the barouche without further conversation with him.

‘Thank you, Mr Weston. It was delightful to meet you.’

Her coachman held open the door and she stepped inside. Mr Weston bowed and with a friendly wave he strolled off to join his party. She was obliged to sit and wait a further ten minutes before her aunt was escorted back by Lord Weston.

She leant against the squabs and closed her eyes. She had no wish to speak to him again. The carriage dipped as Aunt Lucy climbed in.

‘Good day, Lord Weston. It has been a pleasure to renew our acquaintance and thank you for your kind invitation.’

‘I am honoured that you have accepted it and look forward to seeing you both tomorrow.’

There was a pause and Penny thought it safe to open her eyes. To her horror he was leaning nonchalantly on the carriage door his eyes alight with amusement. ‘Good. I am pleased to see that you are recovered, Miss Coombs.’

She glared at him, but didn’t lower herself to respond. The hateful man moved away and she broke her silence. ‘Aunt Lucy, what did Lord Weston mean about seeing him tomorrow?’

Her aunt beamed. ‘My dear, I am so excited. When I explained how disappointed I was to miss the opportunity for a balloon ascent, Lord Weston kindly extended an invitation to both of us to join his house party.’ Aunt Lucy beamed. ‘His lordship has arranged for the aeronauts to stay on his estate until all his guests, including ourselves, have been able to experience the delights of a flight.’





Chapter Two





Penny wanted to stamp her feet in vexation. Instead she took a deep breath and pinned on a cheerful smile. ‘How obliging of him to include us in his house party; I’ve never visited Headingly but I understand that it’s a handsome building. It will be most interesting to see for myself. I shall ride there. It’s a long time since Phoenix and I travelled any distance.’

‘Ride, Miss Coombs? It is over eight miles from Nettleford to Headingly.’ Lord Weston had stepped closer to the carriage.

Penny smiled sunnily at the man scowling down at her. ‘Yes, my mind’s quite made up. Which direction do you recommend I take?’

He was obliged to instruct her in the shortest cross county route to his home and the barouche finally departed with both occupants well pleased with the morning’s outing.

Her aunt patted Penny’s clenched hands. ‘Was that not a delightful encounter, my dear? And such a surprise! It will be pleasant to spend a few weeks with Lord Weston and his guests. I declare it is exactly what we both need to lift our spirits.’

‘If you say so, Aunt Lucy.’

‘Is that all you can say on the matter, my dear? I thought you would be thrilled to renew your acquaintance with his lordship. Did you notice how particular his attentions were today? His cousin, Mr Weston, seemed quite put out. I rather think that young man has developed a tendre for you himself.’

‘I was astonished at how similar in appearance they are. I was quite taken with Mr Weston. He’s an open and sincere young man, quite unlike his cousin.’ She smiled at her elderly aunt. ‘Indeed, it’s only because I wish to get to know Mr Weston that I agreed to this visit.

The remainder of the journey was spent discussing their imminent removal. As Penny was riding her aunt would follow in the carriage.They were expected sometime during the morning.



The next day dawned fine and by eight o’clock Penny was ready to depart for her extended stay at Headingly. The baggage cart had left at dawn accompanied by the Mary and a groom. Harvey (Aunt Lucy’s starchy abigail) was to travel with her mistress. It wouldn’t do to arrive before one’s luggage!

‘Penelope, my dear girl, I am sure that horse is too much for you. He is not a lady’s mount. I hope Lord Weston rides out to meet you.’

Penny frowned and her huge chestnut gelding stamped and shook his head, eager to depart. ‘Phoenix is a gentle giant. I promise you I’ll come to no harm. And I’ll have both Billy and Fred as company, so even if I take a tumble they will be there to pick me up.’

‘Please, do not jest about such things. And having two grooms riding with you is no consolation to me. I wish you would change your mind and ride a different horse. Or even better come with me in the carriage. Three hours in the saddle might prove too long in this hot weather.’

‘When I hunt, Aunt Lucy, I am out all day in the ice and snow and I cannot remember you telling me that was unsuitable.’

Her aunt admitted defeat and settled back on the squabs opening her parasol with a decided snap. ‘I shall stop for refreshments, so do not expect me before noon. ‘

Phoenix sidled sideways scattering dirt and grooms in all directions. ‘Come along, silly boy, let’s be on our way.’ Penny gently touched the gelding’s flank with her heel and they moved off, closely followed by the two grooms mounted on matching bays.

‘I intend to travel across country as much as possible this morning. The ground’s soft enough after the rain last night to make our journey safe. A good gallop will settle him down.’



They made excellent time and two hours later the three riders approached a bend in the lane they had been travelling along for half a mile. Their passage was blocked by a fallen tree. Penny reined in, puzzled by the obstruction.

‘There was no wind last night so why has this tree fallen across our path?’ She turned in her saddle to speak to Billy. ‘Do you think you and Fred can move this? This lane’s the only way unless we retrace our path and find a gate into the field. The hedges either side are far too tall to jump.’ Billy dismounted tossing his reins to the other groom. ‘Hold him, whilst I investigate.’

Penny watched him disappear into the undergrowth with a strange feeling of apprehension. It was cold and dark under the overhanging trees and she shivered. Why was Billy taking so long? Surely testing the weight of the obstruction didn’t take such an age?

She stared back down the tunnel of trees and froze. ‘Billy. Get back here quickly. I’m certain this is no accident. It’s an ambush. There are footpads approaching. We’re trapped here. We cannot go forward and there’s no escape into the field.’

The groom scrambled out of the bushes and was in his saddle in seconds. ‘We have our cudgels, miss. We’ll protect you, never fear.’

The two men edged their horses in front of Phoenix, unstrapping the stout sticks they carried tied to the back of their saddles. Penny knew t these would be no protection against pistols or swords. There had to be another way.

‘We must jump out. I know the hedges are high but we’ve no choice. Quickly, they are getting closer.’

Without waiting to see if they followed she wrenched Phoenix’s head around and kicked him into a gallop, thanking God the grassy path widened enough for her to turn her mount towards the hedge. She had cleared larger obstacles before, but never in such circumstances. The horse gathered himself and she crouched forward grasping a handful of mane.

As she soared into the air she had no time to worry about safe landings. If Phoenix failed to clear the hedge she would certainly crash to her death.



Ned greeted his cousin with a friendly slap on the back. ‘James, you’re not dressed for riding. I thought you were coming with me to meet Miss Coombs.’

‘I have promised Mama that I’ll walk with her to the lake this morning. She insists it will be too hot by midday.’ The young man shrugged his elegantly clad shoulders. ‘You know how she is, Ned.’

‘Indeed I do; it’s easier to agree than argue once Aunt Elizabeth has made up her mind. I shall see you at dinner.’ He turned to run down the white marble steps, but paused to call back. ‘James, I’m expecting the aeronauts and their entourage to arrive this morning. Could you make sure they’re accommodated in the barn behind the stables?’

His cousin raised his hand in acknowledgement. ‘Consider it done, old fellow. Consider it done. It will give me an excuse to return to the house in good time.’

Ned vaulted into the saddle of his waiting bay stallion, ramming his boots into the stirrups.

With a curt nod to the stable boy he cantered down the drive. However spurious his reasons for inviting Miss Coombs to visit, he was looking forward to renewing their acquaintance.

When he had singled her out from the dozens of eager young debutantes to escort to numerous soirees and balls last season it had not been just for her beauty, but also for her ready wit and intelligence. His investigations had obliged him to enter certain houses of the haut ton and the only way he could accomplish this without arousing suspicion was to appear to be interested in setting up his nursery.

He frowned as he recalled her trusting naiveté; she had expected him to offer for her at the end of the season. Indeed, society in general held the same opinion. He had achieved his objective and discovered the traitor masquerading as an émigré and he had been highly praised in Whitehall for his work. However the whole episode had left a bad taste in his mouth. An innocent girl had been hurt by his pretence and now he had been ordered to repeat the process.

He cursed as his inattention allowed Bruno to grab the bit between his teeth and bolt. By the time he had regained control of his mount he was mud-spattered and flushed. He was also two miles from Headingly in the field that ran parallel to the lane he was supposed be in. He stood in his stirrups and looked up and down the massive hedge trying to remember if there was a gate he could use.

*



Phoenix stretched out his neck and his front legs cleared the hedge by inches and his back arched; instinctively she leant forward, encouraging her horse. The ground rushed towards them and she closed her eyes and braced herself, expecting to be catapulted to the ground.

Her magnificent mount scarcely checked. He pricked his ears and continued his headlong gallop away from the narrow lane and possible ambush. Penny transferred her weight to the back of the saddle and pulled steadily on the reins. Crooning softly to the animal, gradually regaining control and was in time to turn and watch her grooms soar over the hedge and land safely. The exhilaration of the jump had temporarily pushed the reason for it from her mind. Billy reminded her.

‘They’re close behind and they’ve got rifles, miss. There’s three of them and they don’t look like any footpads I’ve ever seen.’

‘Rifles? Are you sure? Only soldiers carry rifles.’ Without waiting to hear his reply she wrenched the big chestnut’s head around and kicked hard with her heel. Phoenix sprung forward and raced away from the lane. She crouched low, hoping she made too small a target for the marksmen.

The field sloped towards the horizon and they thundered over the brow of the hill sending clods of mud flying out behind. A rider was approaching and for a horrified second believed her would- be assassins had a fourth member. Then she recognized the man and hauled on the reins bringing her mount to a rearing halt beside him.

‘Three men, in the lane with rifles, my lord. They almost had us trapped in the lane beyond the hedge.’ Her words were forced out between gasps.

He reacted immediately. He swung his horse and shouted. ‘Follow me. We won’t be out of range until we’re out of this dammed field.’

He led them at a gallop downhill and headed straight for the five-barred gate. Bruno cleared it with feet to spare as did the other three. Only then did he slow the pace.

‘Tell me what happened back there, Miss Coombs. You’re safe here. This track isn’t overlooked by the lane and even the finest rifleman could not reach you.’ This was said as he cantered beside her, guiding her to the safety of his home.

‘We were in the lane and discovered a tree blocking the path. At first I was unconcerned but glimpsed the approach of what I took to be a band of vagrants. We had no alternative but to jump over the hedge.’

‘God’s teeth! You could have been killed. That hedge is over six feet high.’ Lord Weston stared at her and her cheeks coloured.

‘As you can see, my lord, I was not. But if I had remained in the lane I might not have been so lucky.’

She watched him digest this information. She could almost hear his formidable intelligence spring into action. On reflection she was surprised he had accepted her garbled explanation without question.

It was almost as if he had been expecting an attack to take place. Should she ask him if this was the case? He forestalled her question.

‘Miss Coombs, how did you know the men were carrying rifles? Did you see the guns?’

She shook her head, gesturing towards Billy, who was riding with Fred, a polite distance behind them. ‘No, but my groom did. He warned me.’

Lord Weston dropped back to question the groom leaving her to ride alone. There was something odd about the whole incident. Why would three heavily armed men wish to harm her? As far as she knew she had no enemies. It must be a case of mistaken identity. The men had been expecting someone else.

She glanced over her shoulder. Surely it couldn’t be Lord Weston? He was autocratic and renowned for his cutting set-downs, but this was no reason to kill him. So if it was not him, then who? Perhaps there was someone else expected to arrive today and the ambushers had hoped to catch him.

The pad of hoof beats on the path heralded the return of her host. ‘My lord, I cannot believe that anyone would wish to harm either of us. Are you expecting more prestigious visitors this morning?’

‘Do the aeronauts count? For they spend a goodly part of their lives above us.’

‘You’re being ridiculous, sir. This isn’t a matter for levity.’ Penny pressed her lips firmly together determined she would not laugh out loud.

His rich, dark chuckle sent an unexpected shiver around her already overheated body. ‘You must not disturb yourself over the incident, my dear. There have been reports that a group of ex-soldiers have been congregating in the area. Since Bonaparte is now safely tucked away on Elba regiments are already cutting their numbers.’

‘There has been talk in the village about men rioting. It’s the parlous situation these poor men have come back to. It’s a great shame that our brave soldiers should come to such a pass.’ Penny pushed back a strand of hair that had escaped from under her military style cap. ‘But, I fail to see why these men should select that lane today. I would imagine it’s hardly used. Why did they expect to find rich pickings in such a remote spot?’

‘I have no idea, Miss Coombs. Coincidence, no more. No doubt they were en route for the toll road, and all thieves are opportunists.’

Penny prepared to point out that this had been no spur of the moment attack. It had been premeditated. How else could they have had the time to fell the tree that trapped her in the lane? But he prevented her from speaking.

‘I shall call out the militia, Miss Coombs. As the magistrate of this area it’s my duty to keep the lanes and paths free from all sorts of vermin. Let us speak no more of this.’ He smiled, at his most charming. ‘Tell me, are you intending to ascend in the balloon?’

‘I fear that I’m a reluctant aeronaut, my lord. But Lady Dalrymple is determined to go up and I suppose I shall be obliged to accompany her.’

‘I am an experienced pilot, my dear. Are you sure I cannot persuade you to accompany me on a flight?’

She shuddered dramatically. ‘Absolutely not! I shall only step into the basket if I know the contraption is firmly anchored to the ground. If the good Lord had meant us to fly He would have given us wings like the angels.’



By the time they arrived Penny had all but forgotten her fear. Two grooms ran forward to take the bridles’ of their mounts. She slid her foot from the iron and was preparing to dismount when Lord Weston appeared at her side.

‘Allow me, my dear.’ Giving her no time to refuse he encircled her waist and lifted her from the saddle. She had forgotten how strong he was.

Her voice was scarcely more than a whisper and she thanked him politely. Before she could protest his pulled her arm through his. There was to be no escape. The wretched man was determined to escort her all the way to the house; no doubt in full view of all those watching from the drawing-room window.

The housekeeper was waiting in the vast marble floored hall to escort her to her rooms.

Lord Weston bowed. ‘I shall leave you in the capable hands of Brown, Miss Coombs. I look forward to meeting you again at dinner. We don’t keep country hours here so I shall see you at seven o’clock in the drawing-room.’ Without a backward glance he strode off, his mind obviously elsewhere. Penny turned to speak to the housekeeper.

‘If dinner is to be served so late I do hope a nuncheon will be served at midday.’



The devil take it! How could his cover have been blown so easily? For years he had maintained the fiction of being no more than a wealthy aristocrat who enjoyed sailing his yacht around the world. Only a select few, and none of those present today, knew of his work for the government. But he was in no doubt that today the men in the lane had been waiting for Miss Coombs.

A member of the balloon party must have seen them together and decided to organize her abduction believing she would be a useful pawn in their game. This confirmed what Carstairs had told him. He was dealing with ruthless traitors. He would call up the militia and have all of them arrested. Then it would be up to the major to discover what he would.

His long strides led him to his study, a sanctuary where no one who wished to keep their head on their shoulders dared disturb him. He should return to his chambers, remove his soiled riding clothes, but that would have to wait. He needed to think.

After pouring himself a generous measure of brandy from the decanter on his desk he took it to the window. Staring out at the rolling park helped him concentrate. Methodically he reviewed what fact was and what he surmised. Thoughtfully he swallowed the amber liquid. His immediate assumption, that the men were in the employ of the traitors he was searching for, didn’t make sense. What could they possibly have to gain from the death of either himself or Miss Coombs? If they knew they were discovered all they needed to do was vanish. Why should they wish to risk their lives by drawing attention to themselves? Kidnapping Miss Coombs would bring every available militiaman into the area. How could this help them raise money for that bastard Bonaparte?

Hell and damnation! He was losing his touch. Under normal circumstances he would have solved this conundrum by now. He scowled into his glass. He must not allow the involvement of Miss Coombs to interfere with his judgement, but every time he closed his eyes, his head was filled with the image of a girl galloping towards him, crouched low over her horse’s withers, her face white with terror.





Chapter Three





Word of the attempted attack on Penny was common knowledge by the time she was ready to descend from her apartments. She was relieved that her aunt had arrived in time to hear the story from her own lips.

‘Mary, make sure the staff are aware I was in no danger from the footpads and the incident was no more than an added excitement to my journey.’

The maid pursed her lips. ‘If you say so, miss. But you know how they like to gossip downstairs. I reckon Billy and Fred will have told everyone ready to listen that there were a dozen men and you were only saved from the clutches of the monsters by their own bravery.’

‘Well, it’s up to you to correct their version. I don’t wish to make too much of it. Lord Weston is taking care of matters and I wouldn’t wish him to think I blamed him in any way for allowing those men to infiltrate his lands.’ Penny turned to leave the room. ‘I am tardy. I must go down. Did you pull the bell-strap?’

‘I did, miss. I’m sure the footman will be here to escort you.’ Her maid stepped forward and bent to shake out Penny’s skirt. ‘There! You look pretty as a picture, Miss Coombs, if you don’t mind me saying so. Pale green is perfect with your colouring.’

Penny glanced at her reflection in one of the gilt pier glasses that hung either side of the central window. ‘I wish I was less tall and more rounded.’ She smiled ruefully. ‘At least this bodice is well fitted and is giving nature a helping hand.’ The loud knock on the door interrupted the conversation. ‘Excellent, my guide is here. I intend to explore the gardens after I’ve eaten so will need my kid half- boots and bonnet when I return.’

‘Will I leave out your matching spencer, miss?’

‘No, Mary, thank you. I believe it’s too warm to wear a jacket. A light shawl will suffice.’

Outside, the smartly liveried footman bowed. ‘If you care to follow me, Miss Coombs, I’ll take you to the small dining room.’

‘What’s your name? If you’re to be my guide for the present I should like to be able to ask for you personally.’

The young man grinned revealing a large gap in his teeth. ‘My name’s Will, miss.’

‘Well, Will, tell me, do you know how many chambers there are here?’

He shook his head. ‘Never tried to count them, miss. But there’re six apartments on this floor and his lordship’s rooms on the ground floor.’ He scratched his head, forgetting for a moment that he was wearing his half wig, and it slipped askew. He straightened it, glancing nervously over his shoulder to check his disarray had not been spotted by the eagle eyed butler, Foster.

Penny followed the footman down several corridors and two flights of stairs before they finally arrived in the impressive entrance hall which she immediately recognized. ‘Thank you, Will, I believe I can find my own way from here. I can hear voices along the corridor and one of them is Lady Dalrymple.’

‘You’ll find the guests are gathered in the morning room, miss. They haven’t gone in to eat so you’re not late.’

Penny hurried across the hall, her slippered feet making no sound. She had almost reached her destination when Lord Weston appeared beside her. Startled, she shied sideways knocking her arm painfully on the corner of a heavily carved picture frame.

‘Ouch! That hurt. It’s inconsiderate of you, my lord, to rush upon a person in this way.’

‘Here, let me see.’ Before she could protest he peeled away her hand. ‘Good grief! My dear girl, you’ve a nasty gash.’

She glanced down horrified to find blood oozing from between his fingers. ‘I had no idea I’d cut myself. I must return to my room to have this dressed.’

Lord Weston removed a crisp white handkerchief from his pocket and pressed it against her injury. ‘Hold this firmly in place. It will stem the flow of blood until I can deal with it properly.’

He slid his arm around her waist, as if expecting her to faint away in a fit of the vapours at any moment. She stiffened. ‘I have no need of your assistance; the sight of gore does not send me into a faint.’

She tried to move away that he was too strong for her. ‘Nonsense, Miss Coombs. Allow me to escort you to the library. There’s no need for you to return to your chambers. I’m quite capable of dressing your wound.’

She had no choice. Unless she was prepared to struggle in a most unladylike way she was obliged to do as he said. Fortunately the library was nearby and the door ajar.

‘Sit down here, my dear. I shall ring for assistance.’

Penny found herself gently placed on a leather covered chair. Her pulse was racing and her cheeks flushed and it had nothing to do with her arm. From the moment Lord Weston had led her on to the dance floor over a year ago, it had been ever thus. The mere touch of his hand sent inexplicable waves of heat around her body. It was the outside of enough that after so long apart he could still have this effect on her. She kept her head lowered, unwilling to make eye contact.

‘Drink this, Miss Coombs, it will restore you.’

She opened her mouth to protest only to have a liberal swallow of brandy tipped carefully down her throat. Penny avoided alcohol of any sort as it made her sick. Her hand flew to her mouth as her stomach revolted.

‘Devil take it! Hold on. I’ll find you something.’

A receptacle was shoved into her hands not a moment too soon as she cast up her accounts. When her retching had finally stopped she felt too unwell to worry about the embarrassment of vomiting in front of her host.

The noxious mess was removed from her lap and he gently wiped her face with his handkerchief. She leant back in the chair, grateful this was deep enough to allow her to close her eyes and rest for a moment whilst her rebellious digestion recovered. In the distance she heard the murmur of voices and the door opened and closed softly.

‘Miss Coombs, I have some boiled water here. Would you care to rinse your mouth?’

Wearily, Penny forced open her eyes to find Brown smiling down at her. Of Lord Weston there was no sign.

‘Thank you, but I fear I cannot hold the glass myself for my left arm is hurt.’ The housekeeper held it for her. Penny took several mouthfuls, rinsing and spitting into the bowl on her knees before the vile taste had completely gone. ‘I feel much better now. Apart from my arm, of course.’

‘I’m here to deal with that, Miss Coombs.’

Ten minutes later the cut was cleaned and neatly bandaged. Brown gathered up the various receptacles she had used and handed them to a waiting parlour maid.

Penny no longer wished to join the other guests. She decided to return to her room and rest for an hour before taking her walk around the gardens. She thanked the housekeeper and assured her she had no need of further assistance.

She would sit for a few moments longer before attempting to stand. Her eyes were closed and she was resting quietly when she heard the door open again. She didn’t bother to look up believing Mary had been sent down to escort her to her chamber.

‘I shall be well enough in a moment. Kindly wait for me.’

‘I shall be delighted to do so, Miss Coombs. I’m entirely at your disposal.’

Penny shot upright her stomach lurching unpleasantly. ‘Lord Weston, I believe I told you earlier that it’s not polite to startle people.’ She glared at him, her eyes huge in her ashen face.

‘Are you still feeling unwell?’ He stood up looking around the room for something suitable.

‘I’m not going to be sick again. And I would not have been the first place if you’d not tipped brandy down my throat in that highhanded manner.’

He dropped into a seat opposite her, a slight smile hovering on his lips. ‘I must apologize for doing so, my dear. It’s not a mistake I care to make again.’

He was laughing at her. How dare he? He had caused her to injure her arm and be horribly ill and now had the temerity to find the situation amusing. She scrambled from the chair forcing him to spring to his feet also.

‘I find that I don’t like you, Lord Weston. I have no wish to remain under your roof a moment longer. I shall return home immediately.’

His expression changed. She saw anger flicker in his eyes, but his tone was even. ‘That’s unfortunate, Miss Coombs. However I cannot allow you to leave today. Might I suggest you return to your chambers until you have…?’ He paused, his eyes glacial. ‘Until you have recovered. When you are sufficiently restored to hold a conversation I wish to speak to you about this morning’s incident.’

Penny stared back, refusing to be cowed. She was no longer the timid girl he had first encountered in London. For the past year she had been managing her own affairs and successfully running the estate. That she was obliged to do this through a third-party, her man of business, did not alter the fact she was fully conversant with matters more normally left to gentleman.

Slowly she allowed her eyes to travel disdainfully from the toes of his immaculate top boots to the crown of his fashionably cut hair. If he had been angry before now he was incandescent. She would not back down - far too late for that.

‘I do not believe you are either my husband or my guardian, Lord Weston. Therefore it is a matter of supreme indifference to me what your wishes are. I intend to leave here today and there is nothing you can do to prevent it.’ With a regal nod of her head she turned her back on him and stalked towards the door.

She had taken no more than three steps when she found her passage blocked. ‘You’re not leaving this room, or my home, until you have heard what I have to say.’ She could feel his enmity vibrating between them and took an involuntary step backwards. He moved, forcing her to retreat again.

Penny did not stop at the chair she had been seated on, but continued to back away until she had placed the length of the room between them. Only then did she feel safe. He moved towards the wall and tugged the bell-strap, turning his back on her as he did so. The heavy thumping of her heart gradually slowed. She hadn’t realized quite how large he was until he had stood inches from her almost quivering with rage.

A farmyard image of a turkey cock gobbling with anger and visibly swelling as he did so came unbidden to her mind. She hastily spun to face the window not wishing her amusement to be discovered. She had narrowly avoided a nasty set down and did not wish to antagonize him further.

From her position at the library window she was unable to hear what instructions Weston had given to the footman. She wished she hadn’t spoken so intemperately. It was unpardonable to tell one’s host you held him in dislike, even when this was true. Aunt Lucy had explained to her years ago that in society true feelings were rarely revealed. One must pretend to enjoy the crush and overwhelming smell of barely washed, over perfumed humanity that you encountered every time you attended a fashionable soirée or ball.

This was the way things were done. If a gentleman wished to find a suitable wife then he was obliged to seek her out at Almack’s, or some other event, where hopeful debutantes were paraded by their doting mama. She was roused from her reverie a few minutes later by the arrival of her aunt who nodded regally to Lord Weston before hurrying to join Penny by the window. They conversed in muted tones, not wishing to be overheard by the glowering man at the far end of the room.

‘Penelope, my dear child, I have been searching for you everywhere. Why have you not come to join us for luncheon?’

‘Aunt Lucy, I’m so glad you are here. I wish to return to Nettleford and Lord Weston has said I cannot leave.’

‘He is quite right to say so. Whatever are you thinking of? We have only just arrived and it would be unforgivably rude, and give rise to unpleasant gossip if we were to depart so suddenly.’

‘But I don’t wish to stay another minute under that man’s roof….’

‘Enough, Penelope. You are behaving like a child. I thought you had grown out of such temper tantrums.’

Aunt Lucy was quite right to castigate her; she was ashamed of herself. ‘I’m sorry, Aunt Lucy. I have no excuse apart from the fact that Lord Weston caused me to injure my arm and then forced brandy down my throat.’

‘My goodness! That was unfortunate.’ The redoubtable old lady grinned up at her great-niece. ‘It is no wonder that you wish to remove yourself. However, I suggest that we hear what Weston has to say before we make a final decision.’

‘Very well. I feel more sanguine now that you’re here. Shall we join him and discover what it is?’

He bowed politely and gestured towards the chaise-longue. ‘If you would care to be seated, I have much to say to you.’ He waited until they were settled before selecting an upright chair and carrying it to a position opposite them.

Penny wondered why he looked so grave. Surely he wasn’t still annoyed with her? ‘I believe that I must apologize, my lord.’

He smiled, his features softening, and she found herself responding. ‘It’s forgotten, Miss Coombs. Now, could I ask you to listen without interruption?’ He raised an eyebrow at her and she grinned.

‘I promise to listen without comment, my lord.’

‘Excellent. I must first inform you that the militia are already on their way from Ipswich and will search the surrounding neighbourhood for your attackers. However, I believe they will be long gone.’ He stretched out his legs and crossed them at the ankle.

The movement drew Penny’s eyes and she couldn’t help but notice the girth of his thighs encased so snugly in his buff inexpressibles. A wave of warmth suffused her cheeks and she hastily removed her gaze to stare at the clenched fingers resting in her lap.

‘Go on, sir. I am eager to hear your conclusions on this unfortunate incident.’ Aunt Lucy fixed him with a beady eye. ‘I take it you do have conclusions?’

‘Indeed I do, my lady. I believe this was a deliberate attempt to abduct Miss Coombs. If you recall, whilst we were at the balloon ascent, you were discussing quite openly your plan to ride across country. There were dozens of gentlemen within earshot and anyone of them could have decided you were an easy target.’

Penny had heard enough. ‘That’s preposterous! It sounds like something from a Gothic romance, my lord, not the explanation I would have expected from a rational man.’

His eyes narrowed but his tone remained bland. ‘I believe, Miss Coombs, you gave your word not to interrupt until I had finished.’

With difficulty she bit back her sharp retort. ‘I beg your pardon, Lord Weston. Pray continue your Banbury tale.’

‘Miss Coombs, your father was one of the warmest men in the country. Do you think your wealth has gone unnoticed by all the fortune hunters? You’ve no male relatives to protect you and it would be relatively simple for an unscrupulous man to force you into wedlock.’

The colour drained from her face as she understood the full import of his words. He was suggesting that an opportunist rogue had decided to kidnap her and then hold her captive until her good name was gone and she would have no option but to marry him.

Her aunt broke the silence. ‘If you are correct in your assumptions, sir, what are we to do? Every time Penelope leaves the house she will be at risk.’

Penny felt too sick to speak. She could see no way out of the impasse. She raised her head to find herself pinned by the penetrating green gaze of Lord Weston.

‘There’s a way out of this, Miss Coombs, but you will have to trust me.’

‘Tell us at once, Lord Weston, if you please,’ Aunt Lucy demanded.

He nodded. ‘You must agree to marry me, Miss Coombs. Then I shall have the right to keep you safe.’





Chapter Four





‘Have you run mad? That is an outrageous suggestion.’ Penny wished her answer unspoken the moment it had left her lips.

To her astonishment Lord Weston threw back his head and laughed. She exchanged worried glances with her aunt, both convinced the poor man had taken leave of his senses. After several noisy moments he removed his handkerchief from his pocket and mopped his streaming eyes.

‘I apologize, Miss Coombs. Obviously I was not suggesting a genuine betrothal; merely a ruse to allow me to investigate who was behind the attack this morning without anyone questioning my motives.’

Not sure if she was mollified or offended by his explanation she found herself in a quandary. ‘And I beg your pardon, my lord. How stupid of me to not to guess that your offer was false.’

‘Will you allow me to explain what I have in mind?’ Both ladies nodded, but offered no comment. Emboldened by their acquiescence he began to explain the plan he had formulated. ‘We shall announce our engagement at dinner tonight. It will hardly come as a surprise to many of the guests. Everyone knows that we spent a deal of time together when you were in town last year. This will enable you to stay here until I have the villains apprehended.’

He was waiting for her to speak, to agree that his proposal was not only an excellent idea, but also a kind and thoughtful one. The words would not come. They were stuck somewhere behind her teeth and she was mute. How could he be so heartless? In the long, miserable months following her beloved father’s sudden death she had rehearsed the answer she would give when Lord Weston appeared to make his offer.

He had never come. He had not loved her as she had loved him. His particular attention, his appearance to escort her to picnics and parties, had been a hollow sham. At the time she had believed he felt the same way, but with hindsight she had come to realize a man in love would not have been content to keep his distance. He would have stolen a kiss from her. At no time did he overstep the bounds of propriety and put himself in the position of being compromised by his actions.

‘Miss Coombs?’ His enquiry was spoken softly and the kindness in his voice released her tongue.

She raised her head. ‘I agree, Lord Weston, I’m in no position to do otherwise. I thank you for your offer of protection and gratefully accept. However, I wish it to be clearly understood that this charade ends the moment I’m safe.’

Something she didn’t understand flashed in his eyes and was gone. Could it have been triumph? What kind of game was he playing with her? She rose gracefully to her feet and bent to offer her arm to her aunt.

‘I believe that I’m hungry again, Aunt Lucy. Shall we repair to the dining room and see if our fellow guests have left us anything to eat?’

He bowed. ‘There are still one or two matters we have to settle before this evening, Miss Coombs. I should like to continue this conversation later, if you have no objection.’

She had no intention of being closeted alone with him. ‘Lady Dalrymple will be unavailable to chaperone me this afternoon, my lord. Perhaps we could meet here before dinner?’

‘I am at your disposal. Shall we say six o’clock?’



Not until mid-afternoon was Penny able to find solitude in the rose garden and have time to mull over the extraordinary events of the day. She had been ambushed, injured her arm, cast up her accounts in front of Lord Weston, been inveigled into a false engagement and all before luncheon.

No one could say that life at Headingly was dull. She shuffled back on the warm stone bench so she was hidden in the arbour of sweetly scented honeysuckle. She tilted her face to the sun, closing her eyes, feeling the tension slowly trickle away. She found it hard to credit his story, but she could vaguely recall a group of smartly dressed young bucks standing within earshot of her carriage.

Was it possible one of them had decided to abduct her and force her into marriage in order to gain access to her fortune? After all she had reached her majority in March and now had full control of her inheritance.

Why should a fortune hunter believe the loss of her good name would force her to relinquish control of her wealth? Perhaps a young lady with a more delicate disposition would believe death was a better option than disgrace? In those circumstances marriage might appear a reasonable option. But she was made of sterner stuff; it would take more than ruin to force her into an unwanted marriage.

Her lips curved as she recalled the conversation in the library. It might be amusing to play the part of besotted bride-to-be and pretend to hang on his every word knowing he would have no option but to respond in kind.

There was the sound of male footsteps approaching and her pulse quickened. Had he come to seek her out so soon? She decided to feign sleep and await events.

‘Miss Coombs, how delightful. A picture of loveliness and it’s I who have been fortunate enough to see it.’

‘Mr Weston, I had thought I was alone here.’ Her tone reflected her irritation.

‘I beg your pardon, Miss Coombs. I had no wish to disturb you. Please forgive me for speaking so….’ The young man, his face a study of embarrassment, prepared to back away, realizing he had unwittingly annoyed her.

‘No, it’s I who must apologize. I spoke too sharply. I’m afraid I was lost in a dream and reluctant to return so suddenly.’ She smiled up at him not wishing him to think ill of her. ‘Would you care to join me for a stroll around the garden? I’m quite ready to continue my walk.’

His delight at her unexpected invitation was endearing. Gallantly he offered his hand and drew her to her feet. ‘Have you visited the maze, Miss Coombs? It’s said to be one of the finest in the country.’

‘This is my first time here, Mr Weston, so I’ve seen very little of these magnificent grounds. I should love to see the maze for I’ve never had the opportunity before.’

He crooked his arm and willingly she slipped hers through it. He was a pleasant young man and it was no hardship to walk at his side.



Ned was in the barn supervising the belated arrival of the motley crew that made up the balloon party. There were three laden carts pulled by sturdy farm horses and one closed carriage in which he expected to find the pilots. He studied the assortment of roughly dressed men as they scrambled down from the carts. Was the man he sought amongst them?

He strode forward waiting impatiently for the carriage door to open. He had spoken to the pilot yesterday and he was no more than he appeared. He had met Monsieur Ducray several times over the past few years and was certain the man was innocent of any wrongdoing. He was a genuine émigré and skilled at his trade.

The traitor, if there was one, would be masquerading as a helper. Ducray always had a smattering of fellow countrymen working for him and he must look for clues amongst them. It was a damned nuisance he was now also obliged to also search out and apprehend the man behind the attempted abduction of the delectable Miss Coombs.

He dragged his attention back to the matter in hand. It wouldn’t do to let his concentration falter. His very life might depend on his vigilance. ‘Welcome, Ducray. I hope you find everything here that you want.’ He nodded but didn’t offer his hand.

The small, neatly garbed Frenchman, bowed deeply. ‘My lord, I am so honoured to be ’ere at your so magnificent ’ome.’ Monsieur Ducray skipped to one side allowing the second occupant of the coach to descend. ‘Allow me to make known to you, Count Everex.’

A prickle of unease flickered through Ned as he bowed more formally to the second man. This man was exactly the sort of person one would expect to be involved in treachery. He was of medium height, dark hair swept back and secured by a ribbon at the back of his neck. His aquiline features gave credence to his pedigree. He was every inch an aristocrat. Where had this man sprung from? He had not been in Ipswich yesterday. This man’s garments were the height of fashion, no different from his own, hardly what one would expect of a person who made his living flying balloons for the entertainment of the public.

‘Lord Weston, I can see that you are surprised by my appearance here. I am, as you have no doubt surmised, an amateur. Ducray has kindly offered to teach me the intricacies of piloting. I hope you do not object to my accompanying him here?’ The count’s English was accentless, unlike his compatriot who had yet to master it.

‘You are welcome, sir. Allow me to take you inside and introduce you to my guests.’ Ned smiled, at his most urbane. ‘From your faultless English, Count, I would surmise you have been resident in England for some years.’

The count nodded. ‘My mother is English, Lord Weston. My father died when I was a boy and we returned to my mother’s ancestral home where I grew up. I have not visited my estates in France since the revolution.’

‘Your mother’s name? Would I know your family?’ The man beside him stiffened; had he asked one question too many? ‘I only ask, sir, as your face looks familiar. You are the image of Lord Stanhope, a dear friend of my grandfather’s; sadly both gentlemen are no longer with us.’

This fabrication appeared to satisfy the count. ‘Coincidence, my lord. I am no relation to the Stanhopes.’ He did not offer any further information about his ancestry.

‘I imagine you would like to supervise the unloading of your gear before you come up the house, Ducray?’

‘I would, my lord. ’owever, the count ’as no need to be ’ere with me. I ’ope you ’ave no objection to ’is staying too?’

Ned nodded in the gentleman’s direction. ‘Of course not, monsieur. My guests will be delighted to have another added to their number.’

‘It is a large house party you have, my lord?’ The count sounded anxious.

‘No, not particularly. At the moment there are five ladies and four gentlemen. Your arrival will even up the numbers nicely.’

He turned to lead the way to the front of the house. Immediately he spied his cousin walking arm in arm with Miss Coombs, obviously coming from the direction of the maze. They were talking like old friends, not two people who had only met the previous day. He had no desire to introduce the elegant Frenchman to either of them. He increased his pace allowing his guest no alternative but to hurry after him. The household staff had already been alerted and were waiting to greet the new arrival.

‘I shall hand you over to my staff who will look after your requirements. We dine at seven. I look forward to renewing our acquaintance then.’

He turned smartly and strode off to intercept his cousin and Miss Coombs.



Penny didn’t see her host heading in her direction but her escort did. ‘Come, Miss Coombs, allow me to show you the orangery. It’s situated on the far side of the mansion and is well worth a detour.’

‘Thank you, Mr Weston, but I believe I’m ready to return to my rooms. Perhaps you could take me tomorrow after breakfast, when it’s not so hot?’

‘Of course, forgive me. I have had a most enjoyable walk, and shall look forward to escorting you in the morning.’ The young man smiled and released his hold. ‘If you will excuse me, Miss Coombs, my mother is trying to attract my attention.’ He gestured towards the small group sitting in the shade of an ancient oak tree.

A woman of middle years, dressed in a sprigged-muslin gown more suited to someone half her age, was waving in their direction. ‘Pray don’t let me detain you, sir. I’m quite able to find my own way back.’

The young man hurried away his green coat tails flapping behind him. What had upset him? He appeared most agitated.

‘Miss Coombs, I wish to speak to you. Do you have a moment?’

Lord Weston! How curious. Why had his appearance driven her escort away in such a flurry? Slowly, she turned to greet the man she had once wished to marry.

‘My lord, I’m returning to my chambers. I wish to rest before dinner. Please forgive me.’

Her evasive answer didn’t please him. ‘You have been visiting the maze with my cousin.’ This was a statement not, she considered, requiring an answer. He towered above her, using his superior height to dominate.

She stepped backwards catching her heel in hem of her gown. Instantly his arm shot out and saved her from a painful tumble. Flustered by the contact she tried to move away but for some reason he retained his hold.

‘Please, my lord, release me. We’re in full view of your guests.’

‘Exactly so, my dear. We wish them to believe our announcement to be genuine and seeing us like this will help to create the impression that we are romantically involved.’ He reached out and casually straightened her bonnet which had slipped sideways. ‘There, Miss Coombs.’ His fingers brushed her overheated cheek as he moved back a pace.

Her breathing only returned to normal when she was out of arm’s reach. ‘Lord Weston, I’m going inside. I don’t need your company.’ She walked across the grass knowing she hadn’t acquitted herself well. She got the distinct impression he was going out of his way to flout convention and cause gossip amongst his family and friends. This was quite out of character and she was at a loss to know how to deal with it.

The sound of horses approaching attracted her attention. She stared down the drive that led from the front of the house to the gates which were at least a mile away. The avenue of trees made it impossible to see who was arriving, but there was a glimpse of scarlet and gold between the leaves.

Yes! She was correct, the militia were arriving. But why did they feel the need to come at speed? Could they have apprehended the villains so soon or were they bringing bad news of another sort?





Chapter Five





Ned also heard the arrival of the militia and strode across the greensward to arrive at the turning circle as Captain Smith dismounted. The soldier was a man of around his own age but a good head shorter.

‘Good afternoon, my lord. I’m glad you’re here to greet us. I’ve pressing news for you.’ The captain tossed his reins to his sergeant. ‘Is there somewhere private we can talk, Lord Weston?’

‘Inside. My study’s the best place; nobody would have the audacity to disturb us there.’ He led the way across the echoing hall and down the wide, wooden floored passageway to his sanctuary. Footmen leapt to open doors, but he was so used to the attention he didn’t notice. ‘In here, Captain Smith.’ He gestured to the servant, poised to close the door behind them. ‘Have refreshments sent.’

The door closed behind him. Ned took the seat behind his polished desk and pointed to a straight-backed wooden chair. ‘Bring that closer, Captain. Seated here, we’re sufficiently far from the door not to be overheard.’

If Captain Smith was surprised a member of Weston’s own staff might eavesdrop on their conversation, he was wise enough not to comment. When they were settled, Ned placed his elbows on the desk and rested his chin on his folded hands.

‘Well, sir, what is it that caused you to arrive at my door in such a hurry?’ The captain ran his finger around his close fitting black stock as if it was unaccountably shrinking. He cleared his throat noisily.

‘It’s like this, my lord. We searched the lane but found no sign of any fallen tree blocking the way. Neither was there any sign of their having been assailants hidden in the hedge. The only hoof prints we could find were those of the three riders who jumped out.’

Whatever he had expected the man to say it had not been this. ‘Let me understand you, Captain Smith. You’re suggesting, are you not, that Miss Coombs and her two grooms imagined the whole incident?’ His voice was even. Years of dissembling meant, when necessary, he was able to disguise his feelings.

‘I own I’m puzzled by the whole situation, my lord. Those three riders were so scared they risked breaking their necks by jumping over that hedge. Something spooked them, but I’m not sure it was anything more than a couple of poachers.’

‘That doesn’t explain the fallen log. I can see no reason why poachers should place it there or wish to remove it after Miss Coombs had gone. Do you have an explanation for this?’

Captain Smith shook his head. ‘I don’t, sir. Did all three of them see the tree, or was it just the young lady?’

‘I have no idea. I can see where your mind is going on this. You think it could have been a trick of the light, no more than a dark shadow across the lane. If the groom heard the poachers and called out a warning it’s very possible Miss Coombs, in her fear, was mistaken.’

The light tap on the door heralded the arrival of the footman bearing a tray laden with coffee, tea and freshly made lemonade. The young man deftly placed it on the desk, bowed, and hurried away.

‘Well, thank you for being discreet, Captain Smith. I wouldn’t like Miss Coombs to be embarrassed in any way.’ Ned raised his eyebrows slightly, waiting for a response.

‘Of course not, my lord. I shall mention possible rioters and disaffected labourers in my report.’

‘Good man. Now, what can I get you? I’ve an excellent brandy on the side table, if you would prefer it.’

Ten minutes later Captain Smith departed under the mistaken impression that his host was well satisfied with the outcome of his investigation.

Ned prowled the room deep in thought. He had accepted the explanation without comment. Now was not the time to voice his suspicions. This was something far more sinister than poachers and imaginary logs. If it had been any other young woman of his acquaintance, he might have accepted what Captain Smith had told him, but Miss Coombs was the last person to mistake a shadow for something as substantial as a tree.

God’s teeth! He remembered now that one of the grooms had dismounted and attempted to move the obstruction from the path. He had obviously neglected to pass this fact on to the militia. Frowning, he returned to his desk and kicked back his chair. Was there more to all this than he had at first thought? Would a chancer, an opportunist hoping to snatch an heiress, be so meticulous in covering his tracks?

He poured himself a second glass of brandy. He smiled wryly, Miss Coombs had only been back in his life for twenty-four hours and already he was being driven to strong drink. He now had two conundrums to solve. He had to unmask the traitor, if there was one, masquerading as a labourer with the balloon party, or possibly it was the elegant émigré, Count Everex that he should be studying more closely.



Penny paused long enough to admire the red coated soldiers as they thundered past but didn’t stay to watch Weston greet them. No doubt when she met him before dinner he would tell her what the soldiers had discovered. Obviously the fact that they were back so quickly meant no one had been apprehended.

She shivered as she recalled the shadowy shapes in the darkness of the lane and the very real fear she had experienced. Whoever it had been could try again and she was glad t she had the protection of Lord Weston, however temporary that might be. A young lady without a male protector was far more vulnerable to predatory males intent on securing themselves a wealthy wife than a girl with a father or brother to take care of her.

The impressive front door was open to allow a cooling breeze to blow through the house, she was relieved no vigilant footman leapt out of the gloom to offer to conduct her to her chambers. She was unused to having so many servants around; at Nettleford House they managed very well with six inside staff and six outside. Goodness knows how many Weston employed - it must be over one hundred.

She ran lightly across the marble hall, her walking boots clicking rhythmically. She ran up the curving staircase, but was forced to pause to consider her direction when she reached the second floor. She closed her eyes for a moment trying to recall how many doors down the corridor her own rooms were situated.

No. This was no good, she would have to retrace her steps and find a servant to help her. She was about to descend to the hall when she heard male voices and instinctively hid herself in the shadows. She watched Lord Weston stride across the empty space followed half a pace behind by a very anxious looking red-coated captain.

As soon as they had vanished towards the rear of the house she continued her journey. Where was Will when one wanted him? She hesitated, marooned in the centre of the sea of black and white tiles, her rose pink dimity gown a dramatic contrast to the starkness of the floor.

‘Miss Coombs, how delightful, to meet you a second time in one afternoon. Can I be of assistance?’

‘You can, Mr Weston. I’m afraid that I misremember the exact location of my apartment. And neither can I find a bell-strap to tug in order to summon someone to take me there.’

Mr Weston smiled and she couldn’t fail to notice t he was an attractive man and so much more obliging than his cousin.

‘Your apartment I cannot find, but I know where there is a bell-pull. Allow me to show you where it’s hidden.’ He walked over to the mantel shelf and reached into an alcove hidden in the wall. ‘It’s here, Miss Coombs. I’ve summoned help for you.’

He bowed politely. ‘If you’ll excuse me, I’m expected elsewhere. I only returned to the house to collect a book from the library my mother particularly wished to read.’

‘Thank you, sir. I’m certain someone will come at any moment to direct me.’

Mary was waiting anxiously when she finally arrived in her apartment. ‘There you are, miss, I was that worried you weren’t going to leave yourself time to change. It’s almost four o’clock now.’

‘We have plenty of time. I’m surprised no one downstairs told you they don’t keep country hours here. Dinner isn’t served until seven. However Lord Weston has asked me to come down at six; he has something he wishes to say to me in private.’

Her maid would draw her own conclusions about the meeting. It wouldn’t hurt for the staff to be half expecting the erroneous announcement which was coming that evening. ‘I still have time to rest for an hour, Mary. I’ll wear my new evening gown, the one in eau-de-nil silk. I would like the turquoise jewellery set out for me as well.’

Her maid bobbed a curtsey; her narrow features alight with pleasure. ‘An excellent choice, Miss Coombs. I’m sure you want to look you’re very best to night.’

The bedchamber was pleasantly cool after the heat of the garden. Mary had had the foresight to draw the curtains and close the shutters across the two massive windows. As she disrobed, Penny could sense the excitement in her companion, but Mary was far too well-trained to ask that particular question.

‘There, miss, you pop into your bed and rest. I’ll call you in an hour. It’s a good thing we’ve been given chambers at the back of the house. It must be like an oven at the front.’

‘Being south facing makes Headingly a light house. I think these rooms must be dark and cold in the winter.’

Mary twitched the cotton coverlet across. ‘Well, I reckon you’ve been given the best rooms.’

Much as she loved the middle-aged woman who had looked after her since her mother had died ten years ago, Penny sometimes found Mary too quick to spy a possible slight and the maid was overprotective wherever they went. She had been a sore trial during Penny’s season in London where every gentleman was scrutinized and any pieces of adverse gossip immediately relayed to her mistress.

She settled back amongst the feather pillows a slight smile curving her lips. Her garrulous maid had never a bad word to say about Weston when he had appeared in her drawing-room. She closed her eyes, letting her thoughts drift. Her mind filled with the image of a tall, auburn-haired gentleman but she wasn’t sure whether the vision was of the charming Mr Weston or his more formidable cousin.

At precisely five minutes to six o’clock Penny was ready to descend. She stood in front of the full-length mirror and stared at herself critically. The neckline of her gown was discreet. The closely fitting, beaded bodice cleverly emphasizing her small breasts.

‘The turquoise necklace and ear bobs are perfect with this dress. And I love the way you have arranged my hair, Mary. Weaving spare beads through was a stroke of genius.’

‘Thank you, miss. That gown is as fine as any you might find in London. You look like a princess tonight. Stand still for a moment longer whilst I check the hang of the overskirt.’

Penny held out her hand obediently and her abigail slipped the loop of ribbon, from the demi-train, over her wrist. ‘When Madame showed me a sample I knew it would be perfect. I couldn’t have worn something as sophisticated at my come out, but I’m one and twenty now and can wear whatever I please.’

She turned and the sarcenet overdress sparkled in the evening sunlight revealing her matching silk slippers their toes embroidered with pretty eau-de-nil glass beads. ‘Mary, I own I’m feeling a trifle nervous this evening. Do you realize this is the first opportunity I’ve had to attend a formal dinner since Papa died?’

‘He would be proud of you tonight. Both he and your dear mother will be looking out for you. Downstairs there’s word there are more guests expected tomorrow. I don’t believe you’ve attended such a grand house party before.’

Penny didn’t need to be reminded. Attending a ball or soirée and then returning to the privacy of your own home was one thing, but quite another to be on display almost twenty-four hours of the day. She had become unused to company since her return from London on the death of her father.

She trembled, inexplicably cold, as if something malignant had brushed her cheek. ‘Mary, I’ll need the wrap after all. It can turn chilly when it gets dark.’

With the gossamer stole around her shoulders, the ribbons from her reticule and demi-train attached securely to her wrist, she was finally ready to descend. She had not rung for assistance. She preferred to make her curtsy to Lord Weston without a circle of curious footmen.

She floated along the carpeted corridors and down the first flight of stairs. She paused to stare out across the park. The wide stone steps that led to the ornamental lake glowed golden as the sun began its nightly journey. Headingly was so beautiful.

She was about to turn away when a flash of movement caught her eye. Was she mistaken? No, there was someone lurking in the trees that bordered the expanse of green in front of the house. All legitimate guests should now be in their rooms preparing for dinner. So who was it? She pressed closer trying to distinguish the identity of the distant figure.

That he was a gentleman was certain for his garments were not that of a servant or labourer. There was something vaguely familiar about the man, but before she could identify him he vanished beneath the canopy of leaves.

Her brow furrowed as she considered the possible implications of her discovery. Had this morning’s assailants an accomplice already resident here? She had to discuss her findings with Lord Weston. Immediately. How fortuitous she was to meet him before the other guests gathered for sherry wine in the drawing-room.

The library was on the ground floor and she was due to meet her host there. The tall case clock struck six as she arrived in the hall. No less a gentleman than the august butler himself stepped out of the shadows to conduct her to the room she sought.

Her previous nervousness at being closeted alone with Lord Weston had evaporated to be replaced by an anxiety of a different type. She was no longer apprehensive he would overwhelm her with his masculinity. Now she wished to tell him of the mysterious man hiding in the trees. He could send servants to the chambers of all the male guests to see who was missing. Then they could unmask the villain.

It occurred to her the person she had spotted might be on legitimate business and was no more a miscreant than she was, but Lord Weston would be able to reassure on that point. She sailed down the passage eager to impart the news.

‘Miss Coombs, my lord.’ The black garbed gentleman stepped aside.

Weston was standing in the centre of the room, his hands clasped loosely behind him. He was dressed in formal black; his evening trousers emphasized his height, the close fit of his jacket the breadth of his shoulders; the snowy white of his intricate neck cloth drew her eyes to the strong column of his neck.

She dipped in a low curtsy before raising her head and she wished she hadn’t. An invisible thread was connecting them – he was waiting for her to come to him. She must not - it would be disastrous if she allowed herself to be overawed. But, of their own volition her feet inched slowly forwards.

She wanted to end the suffocating silence - to speak of mundane things - to break free – to catch her breath but her voice had vanished like her willpower and she was helpless. Something in his eyes drew her closer until she was at arm’s length from him.

Why didn’t he move? Why didn’t he say something? Her knees began to shake and she feared she would collapse in an ignominious heap of silk at his feet.





Chapter Six





Ned heard the clock strike the hour and positioned himself centrally on the closely woven Brussels carpet. He glanced sideways at his reflection in the over-mantel mirror. It was a long time since he had allowed his valet so much time to dress him. He wanted his guests and family to believe this false betrothal was genuine and his immaculate appearance would add credence to their story.

He wondered if Miss Coombs had gone to as much trouble as he had to look the part. She had changed since he had escorted her around last year. He gathered from his discreet enquiries that since her majority she had sole charge of Nettleford and her substantial fortune, such responsibilities had given her confidence and an added sparkle to her beautiful eyes.

The library door was open so he could hear her approach. The sound of footsteps focused his attention on the doorway. He drew himself up, for some reason wishing to make a good impression. Foster appeared in the entrance blocking his view.

‘Miss Coombs, my lord.’ The butler stepped to one side and vanished.

Ned was speechless. He had never seen anything so lovely. The young woman who stood so proudly before him was a sea nymph not a mortal. In that moment everything changed.

Swallowing convulsively, knowing he must speak, but could find no words to express his feelings. He was captivated – mesmerised. For the first time in his life he was no longer in control of events. His razor-sharp brain was swamped by an emotion he didn’t recognise.

He willed her to walk towards him. Even at this pivotal moment he managed to restrain his baser passions. Every muscle in his body twitched, but somehow he held himself in check allowing her to make the decision that would irrevocably change their lives.

Like a hound on a leash he tensed praying for the moment when he could move forward and take this girl into his embrace. She appeared to move unwillingly as if fighting the magnetism between them. His heart pounded. He was burning. He had never felt anything like it before.



His heat was pulsing in waves towards her. She knew little of such matters, but ignorant as she was, still realized if she took the final step there would be no turning back. She would be totally compromised and they would have no option but to make the engagement genuine.

She hesitated, her knees shaking like a blancmanger, trying to find the strength to back away. He was tense. He was fighting the same battle and was leaving the decision to her.

Slowly she lifted her hand, not sure if she was warding him off or inviting him to move closer. He swayed towards her, a minimal movement, but enough to cause her fingertips to brush his chest. That was enough. His arms shot out and she toppled into them.

‘Miss Coombs, Penny – sweetheart -are you sure about this?’ His whispered words brushed her overheated cheek.

‘I am. I’ve never been more certain about anything. This is where I belong.’ She smiled, her face illuminated. ‘But I didn’t understand it until this moment.’

This was all the encouragement he needed. He drew her nearer, so near the hardness of his chest was pressing into her breasts. She was awash with exquisite sensations. Her skin was on fire. She wanted something from him but didn’t understand what it was she desired.

She rested her burning face against the roughness of his coat and his heart pounded beneath her cheek.

‘Darling, look at me. Please don’t hide your face.’

She raised her head, her lips parted in unconscious invitation and her feet left the floor as he lifted her. When his lips touched hers her arm came up to encircle his neck, her questing fingers buried themselves in his thick hair.

He deepened the kiss and she responded. She wanted to be part of him – to not know where she ended and he began. All the pent-up grief was pouring out of her. She was drowning and didn’t know how to save herself.

Weston slipped one hand under her knees intending to carry her over to the chaise longue to complete what they had started. As he spun his feet became entangled in her demi-train which was held aloft by the ribbon around her wrist.

Unable to release her hold she clutched tighter as his struggle to retain his balance tightened the constriction round his feet. They landed in a heap of tangled arms and legs. Sanity returned as she realized her beautiful gown was about to be ruined.

‘Lord Weston, Stop struggling this instant. You’re breaking my wrist and about to tear my gown.’

Immediately he stilled. ‘Tarnation take it! What’s wrong with me? I’m behaving like a lovesick greenhorn.’

He deftly unhooked the ribbon and the trailing silk fell to the floor and his feet were free. He rolled sideways placing her on the floor. Before she had time to protest he regained his feet taking her with him.

Her elaborate hairstyle had begun to unweave and she had lost her right ear bob somewhere on the carpet. The whole situation was ridiculous. She felt the irresistible urge to laugh and pressed her lips firmly together hoping to contain her mirth.

‘Good God! What was I thinking of? I apologize….’

‘Please don’t. This was as much my fault as yours. I have no regrets.’ She stopped, suddenly unsure. She looked up at him, searching for the answer to her unspoken question.

‘Darling girl, I’m not apologizing for kissing you, but for losing control and wishing to take matters further. I can’t understand it. I managed to keep my behaviour within bounds last year.’ He grinned, making him look almost boyish. ‘I blame it on that gown. You never wore anything half so alluring before.’

This time she made no attempt to stifle her giggles. ‘Thank you, my lord. It’s always pleasing for a lady to know she was considered a dowd on her come out.’ Spluttering and hiccupping, she raised her hand in order to rummage in her reticule for a handkerchief.

‘Good God! Did I do that to you?’ With gentle fingers he lifted her wrist to examine the rent in her flimsy silk evening gloves that revealed a band of dark red where the ribbon had bitten into her flesh.

Penny stared down at the strong fingers encircling her slender arm. A wave of tenderness engulfed her. ‘It’s nothing. I bruise easily. It hardly hurts at all. Indeed the other elbow, the one I damaged this morning, is far more painful.’

‘Show me.’

She twisted her other arm and was shocked to see fresh blood marring the pristine silk of her elbow length gloves. ‘Oh dear! I must have banged it when I fell.’

‘My dear, I’m a brute. You’ve been in my care barely a day and already I’ve caused you serious harm.’ As he spoke he expertly wrapped his handkerchief around her elbow and tied the ends neatly. ‘I had intended this evening to be memorable but it’s turning out to be a disaster.’

He sounded so despondent, instinctively she reached out to comfort him. The moment her fingertips grazed his face his eyes darkened and he placed his hand on top trapping it there. ‘You mustn’t do that, darling. Your slightest touch fans the fire inside me that I’m doing my best to bank down.’

‘I don’t understand what you’re telling me. Am I never to feel your arms around me until we’re married?’

He shook his head, taking the opportunity to trail hot kisses across her palm. ‘No, of course not. However, I’m begging you to keep your distance tonight. I fear I would be unable to prevent matters getting out of hand and I’ve no wish to cause a scandal so soon in our relationship.’

Reluctantly she pulled her hand away from his cheek. ‘Very well, I shall be a model of propriety.’ She smiled ruefully down at her disarray. ‘But I can no longer appear in public as I am. I look like a hoyden.’

‘You look adorable, my love, but I agree you need the attentions of your maid before you can leave here.’ He surged to his feet and yanked the bell-strap. When Foster answered the summons, Weston explained the problem and the butler vanished. At no time had the butler’s gaze travelled across the room to stare at Penny.

‘We have a few minutes alone before your maid arrives. I’ve something for you. But first I’ve something to say.’ To her astonishment he dropped to one knee. ‘Miss Coombs, would you do me the inestimable honour of becoming my wife?’

‘Get up, my lord. There’s no need for playacting.’ Then she saw his expression and realized the words came from his heart. ‘Yes, Lord Weston, I shall be delighted to marry you.’

His wide smile said it all. She watched him spring easily to his feet and reach into his inside pocket to remove a small velvet covered box.

‘I had intended to give you this as a loan, but now, sweetheart it’s yours by right. You realize that ours is a true betrothal? Tonight you have consented to be my wife and I have every intention of holding you to that promise. We shall be married in September.’

She held out her left hand and he carefully unbuttoned her glove and removed it. ‘You can’t wear these anyway, they’re both quite ruined.’ He flicked open the box and removed the ring nestling inside.

‘It’s beautiful. It exactly matches your eyes, my lord.’

‘Any progeny we produce might well have green eyes and probably my red hair as well.’

Colour suffused her cheeks. ‘Heavens above! We’re only just engaged; it’s far too soon to be thinking of such matters.’

‘I’ll be thinking of nothing else until the night I can share your bed and make you mine. It cannot come soon enough for me.’ He slipped the ring over the knuckle of her third finger and smiled triumphantly. ‘There; it fits as if made for you. Every countess has worn this and it’s never needed to be altered.’

‘Like the glass slipper in the fairy story - only the true bride can wear the ring.’ A loud knock on what appeared to be a blank wall startled Penny. ‘Whatever’s that? Surely you don’t have a servants’ door in the library?’

‘We do. My grandfather had this place constructed with a warren of passageways and staircases running through it. Every room can be reached without a servant ever being seen.’

‘Well! I’m surprised Mary has been able to find her way down here.’

‘We had better let her come in and repair the damage to your ensemble. It’s ten minutes to seven and our guests will be gathering in the drawing-room soon.’

Mary bustled in followed by two chambermaids carrying a variety of bowls and brushes. They all curtsied and waited to be given permission to approach.

‘I shall leave you to restore your appearance, Miss Coombs. I shall return in fifteen minutes.’

The room seemed flat and empty after he’d gone. Penny beckoned her maid over to her side. ‘I took a tumble and have torn my gloves. Lord Weston trod on my train.’ She blushed under the knowing scrutiny of the three young women. She had to tell someone the news which was bursting to escape.

‘Lord Weston and I are betrothed, Mary. We’re to be wed in September.’

‘Oh! Miss Coombs I’m that pleased for you.’ She glared at the two giggling chambermaids. ‘That’s enough from you two. There’ll be no gossiping about this if you wish to keep your position here.’

‘Yes, madam. We beg your pardon, Miss Coombs.’ The young girls, in smart grey cotton dresses and crisply starched white aprons, eyed Penny nervously.

She realized her announcement had changed everything. She was no longer a house guest, but the future mistress of the establishment. It would be her duty to hire and dismiss the indoor staff.

‘I hope you brought fresh bandage and the wherewithal to repair my hair?’

‘We did, Miss Coombs.’ The girls bobbed in unison.

‘I have lost one of my ear-bobs. I need one of you to find it.’

The fifteen minutes allotted for restoring her appearance was almost up and the second ear bob had still not been found. Mary scrambled up from her knees her face a picture of puzzlement.

‘Well, it’s a mystery and no mistake. Shall I ran upstairs and find you something else to wear?’

‘There’s no time, Mary. Lord Weston will be returning at any moment. I shall have to remove the other one.’ Penny patted her hair. ‘This is as good as new, thank you. And I have no need for evening gloves; I wish to be able to show my ring to Lady Dalrymple.’

‘It’s a pity the dressing on your elbow is so noticeable, miss. A pair of evening gloves would cover it up nicely.’

A soft tap on the door caused the two maids to grab the bowls, and bits and pieces, and vanish hastily through the concealed door. Penny smiled. It would seem that none of her future husband’s staff wished to remain in a room with him at any longer than was necessary.

‘That will be all, Mary.’ She waited until her abigail had also disappeared before inviting him to enter.

He strolled in, his eyes alight with laughter. ‘I believe, my love, that I’ve something of yours.’ He waved the missing jewel in front of her eyes.

‘We’ve been searching everywhere for that, my lord. Where did you find it?’ She had risen on his entrance and walked eagerly towards him tilting her head so that he could replace it.

He chuckled. ‘It was snagged on my stock. I wonder how it might have lodged there.’

‘I cannot imagine, my lord. It is one of life’s great mysteries. Which reminds me, on my way here earlier I saw a suspicious figure hiding in the woods on the far side of the park. He was too far away to identify, but there was something familiar about his outline.’ She had his full attention and he wasn’t smiling. ‘I had intended to suggest you send footmen to each apartment to see who was missing. However, it’s too late to do that now. Whoever it was has had ample time to return to the house undetected.’

He cupped her face in one hand gently brushing his lips across hers, sending spirals of delight twirling down her spine. ‘You must not dwell on it, sweetheart. It was probably quite innocent. Smugglers are common in this area. It could have been nothing more sinister than a guest ordering illegal contraband.’

‘I hope you’re correct, my lord. I heard the clock strike seven. Shall we go up? I don’t wish to be late on my first night here.’

He gently restrained her by dropping his hands to her shoulders. ‘A moment longer, my love. There is something else we need to discuss. I wish you to call me by my given name, I’m heartily sick of hearing by future wife refer to me as if I was a stranger.’

She giggled. ‘I don’t know your given name. I rather thought I should call you Weston in future. Is that not the normal practice?’

‘My name’s Edward, but my intimates sometimes call me Ned.’ His smile made her toes curl. ‘I wish you to use that.’

‘I shall not use either in public. But when we’re private I will endeavour to use Ned, but it will be hard. I’ve never thought of you as anything but Lord Weston.’

‘Are you afraid of me, Penny?’ His voice was soft, his expression almost anxious as he waited for her reply.

‘At this moment, of course not. But you’re formidable and I must admit that the thought of angering you does frighten me a little.’

He kissed the corner of her mouth then whispered in her ear. ‘Then you must behave yourself and avoid my wrath.’

She froze, attempting to pull away. His sudden shout of laughter made her look up. ‘You’re despicable, sir, to tease me in that way. I don’t like to be made a figure of fun, even by my betrothed.’ She tossed her head, enjoying the playacting. ‘I’m to be a countess soon and expect to be treated with respect.’

‘Baggage!’ He pulled her undamaged arm through his. ‘I’ve asked Foster to have champagne ready. I shall make the announcement now, if you’ve no objection?’

‘Could you give me time to explain to my aunt that matters have changed between us? I don’t wish her to believe this is still a masquerade.’





Chapter Seven





The hum of voices was clearly audible through the open double doors of the drawing-room. Penny glanced nervously at her escort. ‘We’re late, Ned. Everyone will stare. I hate being the centre of attention.’

He chuckled, squeezing her arm against his side. ‘Then, my angel, you should desist from wearing that gown. All the ladies will be green with jealousy and the men …. well, let’s say the men will be equally jealous, but of me, not you.’

She was still smiling as they entered the elegant room. The guests turned and several were open mouthed. Penny was thankful Foster had not seen fit to announce them. She was tingling with embarrassment and wished she hadn’t placed her arm quite so firmly in his.

Mr Weston was the first to move. ‘Miss Coombs, Ned, we have been bereft without your company.’

Penny slipped her hand free and curtsied prettily. ‘Good evening, Mr Weston. Lord Weston was kind enough to act as my guide. He found me lost in the emptiness below.’ Her answer caused a ripple of amusement to travel around the assembled company. She caught the eye of her aunt and moved smoothly in her direction, leaving Ned to charm his way round the group.

‘My dear, what has happened to your gloves? You are the only lady present not wearing a pair.’

‘It’s a long story, Aunt Lucy.’ Penny kept her left hand hidden in the folds of her skirt as she ushered her aunt to a convenient corner away from prying ears. ‘Lord Weston, Ned, has asked me to marry him. It’s a true arrangement now. We realized tonight our feelings are engaged and he proposed. We’re to be married in September.’

Her aunt’s expression could only be called smug. ‘As I thought, my dear. It is no surprise to me, I can tell you. You are made for each other.’ The old lady beamed and stared pointedly at the hidden hand. ‘Well, my dear, are you intending to show me your betrothal ring?’

Impulsively, Penny leant down and kissed her aunt’s papery cheek. ‘So your sudden interest in balloons was a ruse to get us together again? If I’d known I would have refused to come here.’ She smiled affectionately. ‘However, I shall insist that you ascend when the time comes. It shall be your punishment for deviousness.’

‘I shall do no such thing, my girl. I have no need to dissemble about my dislike of such things. If anyone steps into the basket from this family it will have to be you. Now, the ring, if you please.’



Ned had been watching Penny closely, waiting for a sign that Lady Dalrymple knew the truth. He smiled as he saw his darling girl discreetly hold out her left hand with the ring. He smiled politely at Hastings, the recently acquired bride of his friend, Sir Richard Hastings.

‘Pray excuse me, Lady Hastings, I wish to speak to Miss Coombs.’

He nodded to Foster, who was hovering by the concealed entrance at the far side of the room, before strolling casually towards the girl who made his life complete. He didn’t consider himself a sentimental fellow, had never understood the posturing and soul-searching that appeared to afflict some gentlemen when they viewed the lady of their choice.

From tonight this was clear to him. A veil had been drawn aside to reveal Penny as she really was. How could he not have realized she was perfect in every way? To think, if it hadn’t been for Wellington he might never have renewed their acquaintance, might never have discovered that he loved her. Shocked to the core by this revelation he almost fell over his feet, much to amusement of Lady Dalrymple and his beloved.

‘My lord, surely you have not imbibed too much so early in the evening?’

He grinned as he bowed low. ‘No, Lady Dalrymple, I have not. I am merely drunk with happiness.’

Penny’s smile sent coils of heat into his groin. He was going to insist that their nuptials took place at the earliest possible opportunity. He couldn’t wait until September.

‘Weston, you look a trifle flushed. Would you care to borrow my fan? I believe I have one somewhere in my reticule.’

He stepped closer in order to whisper in her ear. ‘You’re impertinent, my darling. I shall expect you to pay penance when we’re alone again.’ He watched with satisfaction as her face suffused. ‘Good, I see we understand each other perfectly.’

‘Weston, I think now would be a good time to make your announcement,’ Lady Dalrymple commented dryly.



Penny felt an inappropriate giggle escape. ‘Oh dear, is everybody staring at us? It’s your fault, Ned. You’ve no sense of propriety.’

‘None at all, where you’re concerned, my love.’ He placed a possessive arm around her waist and they turned to face their audience.

She kept her eyes lowered, not wishing to see the knowing looks, the nods and winks, or the lascivious leers from the older gentlemen.

‘Lords, ladies and gentlemen it is with great pleasure that I announce my engagement to Miss Coombs.’ He waited for the footmen to offer the champagne before continuing. ‘I ask you to raise your glasses to the most beautiful lady in England. Miss Penelope Coombs.’

Penny heard her name repeated and nervously raised her head to receive the congratulations. The stem of a crystal glass was being pressed into her hand. Instinctively her fingers closed. By the time to Foster announced dinner her mouth was stiff from smiling as she received the felicitations of each member of the house party. If Ned had not kept close by her side she would have fled the room and hidden until dinner was served.

‘That wasn’t so bad, was it, sweetheart?’ Ned enquired as led his future bride into the dining-room.

‘It was horrible; you know I hated every minute. If it’s going to be like this when we marry I wish to elope.’

His bark of laughter startled Foster who was heading the procession; seeing the dignified butler lose his composure restored Penny’s good humour.

The party eventually broke up after midnight. It had been a delightful evening after all, Penny decided as she snuggled down amongst her feather pillows. The French count had been charming. She had also enjoyed the company of Mr Weston, who as Ned’s heir, might have been put out by their announcement. However, he had been as pleased as they were.

Ned had told the assembled company that as soon as the remainder of his guests arrived the next day, Monsieur Ducray was going to inflate his balloon and tether it on the lawn. Flights would then be available for any foolhardy enough to wish to leave the ground.

She stretched contentedly, remembering the few minutes they had spent alone before parting. Ned was insisting they brought forward their wedding day. However he had been strangely evasive when she had tried to press him to fix the date. He had insisted he had business matters to finalise before he was free to marry.

From the fierceness of his goodnight kiss, the reluctance with which he let her go, she knew he was as eager as she to tie the knot. She was strangely restless, just the thought of him made her pulse race. Penny rolled over, enjoying the coolness of the sheets on her overheated skin.

He had eventually persuaded her to agree to be the first to ascend in the wretched balloon. If the weather was still clement then they had a secret dawn assignation for the day after tomorrow. She hoped it would rain.



Ned poured himself a large measure of brandy before collapsing into an armchair in his study. He needed to think - he couldn’t retire until he had matters straight. There was something about the French émigré that unsettled him. He was charming and glib, but Ned had spent too long in the clandestine service of his government not to be aware when something was not quite right.

The count’s slippers had been soiled when he arrived in the drawing-room. They had obviously been hastily wiped dry with a cloth. He was certain the figure Penny had seen in the park had been this man and intended to send someone over to look tomorrow morning. It was a matter of urgency he finished this business for Wellington. Until that was done he wasn’t free to marry.

There was a tightness in his pantaloons and he shifted uncomfortably. Dammit! He was letting his desire to bed his bride overcome his duty. This had never happened before – but then he’d never been in love before. Over the past ten years he had worked assiduously for his government, putting his personal wishes to one side. He grinned - well, if he was honest he did run a ladybird or two when he was at his townhouse in Brook Street.

He shot upright sending a spray of liquid over his jacket. Damnation! He would have to sever the connection to the actress he had stowed away in a small house near Vauxhall Gardens. His man of affairs could see to that, after all he had done it several times before.

He would be celibate from now until the night he could make love to Penny. How could he have been so blind last year? If he had only recognized his feelings they could have been married already and he would have been free of his obligations to the duke.

Thoughtfully he considered the facts. The full moon coincided with high tide at the end of the month - this would be an ideal time for any traitor to transfer gold to a smugglers’ ship. The count had joined Ducray recently, but was this before he had issued the invitation to fly in Ipswich, or after?

But what about the attempt to abduct Penny? He was sure her decision to ride to had been overheard by someone. This person was an opportunist who had seen his chance and seized upon it. It was quite possible, having failed, he wouldn’t make a further attempt; especially as his quarry was now under the protection of a powerful local magistrate. He frowned. Perhaps it would be better to let the matter drop; she was in no danger now.

No! He would find the bastard and deal with him. No one threatened his beloved and got away with it. He had to lure the villain out of hiding, make him show his hand again. He would hold a party for all his tenants and villagers to celebrate his betrothal. Ducray was booked for a month; he would arrange for an event to take place and this would allow the man he sought to gain access to Headingly. He would do the rest.

His band of trained men, who worked as grooms when he was home, would check every single gentleman that came in. It shouldn’t be difficult to ferret out the fortune hunter. There could not be more than a handful of single gentlemen who were unknown to him in the county.

There was a noise outside in the corridor. Instantly alert, he uncoiled from the chair and, on the balls of his feet, moved silently behind his desk. His right hand slid open a drawer and he reached in to remove his pistol. This was already loaded; all he had to do was cock it. He dropped his hand down, hiding the weapon from view. The handle on the heavy door began to run and his finger closed on the trigger. He held his breath, waiting, watching.

‘Good God! James! What the hell are you doing creeping about down here at his time of night?’ Ned returned the pistol to the drawer and pushed it closed with his hip.

‘Sorry, Ned. I’ve been outside to blow a cloud and seeing light coming from under your door wanted to come in and congratulate you. I’m delighted you’ve finally found someone that comes up to your exacting standards.’

‘Come in and have a drink. I must apologize for not telling you privately, but I had no idea I was going to propose until I did so.’

James laughed. ‘In that case, I forgive you. I never considered you impulsive. How can you be sure you’ve made the right decision, if you’ve not given it your usual weighty consideration?’

Ned’s eyes narrowed and immediately his cousin raised his hands. ‘It’s my turn to apologize, Ned. My remark was intended as a jest.’

‘Pour yourself a brandy and sit down.’ He waited until his cousin was seated before continuing. ‘I’m intending to hold an open day to celebrate my betrothal. I should dearly like your assistance in the planning.’

‘Pleased to help you. Why don’t you have a ball in the evening as well? I’m sure Miss Coombs, and the other ladies, would love an excuse to don their finery.’

‘An excellent notion. However, I think two occasions on the same day too much. I rather thought I should hold the public one whilst I have Ducray here, which means sometime in the next three and a half weeks.’

‘And the ball? When shall we have that? The following week? That would mean towards the end of June. Why not have it on midsummer’s eve and then you already have a theme for the decorations.’

‘Perfect. That gives us ample time to send out invitations. I want Venetia and Elizabeth to attend - you know how long it takes my sisters to prepare for any journey.’ He yawned hugely. ‘Sorry, James. You’re not boring me, but I think it’s time we both retired. Can we continue this tomorrow, when Miss Coombs is present? I wish her to be involved in the planning too.’



The following day sped past. Penny was introduced to the new arrivals but knew she would never remember all their names. The Remingtons were a large family with two gangly sons, who seemed in awe of their surroundings, and three giggling daughters. They were friendly and good-humoured and as they were Headingly’s nearest neighbours she would be seeing more of them.

The other two couples were aristocratic friends from London, very high in the instep, and not at all impressed by Ned’s choice of bride. Penny decided she much preferred the down-to-earth Remingtons. She was pleased her future husband counted a local squire as a friend for she was certain that his top-lofty friends would not deign to include such folk in their circle.

She was changing out of her riding habit into an afternoon dress of buttercup-yellow, spotted muslin when she heard Ned’s voice in her parlour. ‘Quickly, Mary, Lord Weston is waiting.’

‘Stand still, miss, and it will only take a second to tie the sash. There – all done.’

She flew from the room her skirts swirling around her feet revealing her embroidered stockings and matching yellow pumps.

‘Ned, is something wrong? I thought we were to meet in the library with Mr Weston at four o’clock?’

‘We are, my darling. But I couldn’t wait.’ He was standing with his back to the window and the sun made his russet hair appear like a circle of fire around his head.

‘You’re lucky that I’m ready early. I believe I’m unique in this respect.’ She ran across to greet him and he picked her up and spun her round like a child, laughing down at her.

‘Put me down, Ned. You’re making me giddy.’

In answer he allowed her to slide down his chest, the contact making them both breathless. ‘Look out of the window, Penny. I have a surprise for you.’

Obediently she turned her head. ‘The balloon! They are setting it up on the lawn. Are there to be flights today?’

‘Not today, Penny. It will not be inflated until this evening.’ He pulled her close to his side, his arm firmly around her waist. ‘You remember your promise? I want us to be the first to go up. Are you still happy to meet me at dawn tomorrow? The best time to ascend is when the air is still.’

She was about to refuse but seeing the look of boyish enthusiasm on his face decided she would do as he asked. ‘Very well, but don’t ask me to make a habit of it. This will be the one and only ascent that I make.’

After dinner the guests assembled on the terrace to watch Ducray and his men finishing their preparations. The balloon was winched down, inflated a little more, then returned to the end of its rope, about 300 feet above the ground, where it danced and swayed like an oversized ballerina.

The wind dropped and the aerostat hung in the navy sky, a huge gaudy sphere, through which the last rays of the sun shone, giving it a ghostly luminescence. Penny thought it looked quite magical, like something from another realm. She was almost looking forward to her ascent at dawn the next day.





Chapter Eight





‘Is it dawn already, Mary? I seem to have only just closed my eyes.’

‘It is, miss. And a fine clear one too. The weather is set fair, not a breath of wind out this morning.’ Her maid dressed her hair simply, half piled on top of her head, the rest tumbling loose down her back, cream and yellow ribbons threaded through. The scooped neckline of her long-sleeved gown was edged with tiny yellow satin roses, and larger versions of the rose encircled the hem. Even the slippers were similarly decorated. The outfit was perfectly complemented by a pretty chip-straw bonnet lined with yellow silk and tied with a matching ribbon. She wondered if it was going to prove too flimsy for her excursion skywards.

‘I must take my cloak. Lord Weston says it’s always chilly aloft.’

‘I shall bring it down for you, miss. Carrying it will spoil the line of your gown.’

‘Thank you. And you can stay and watch if you wish. Lady Dalrymple will be there as well, if she has woken up in time.’

Penny nodded at her reflection, satisfied she had done her best. She wasn’t exactly an antidote but neither, in her opinion, was she a diamond of the first water. However dressed as she was, she knew she could not fail to please him.

She ran down the stairs and sped through the strangely hushed house. The side door was open; Ned was obviously here before her. She paused to twitch her skirt into place, check that her sash was tied correctly, her bonnet straight and then stepped out into the silvery-grey light. Were those voices she could hear? Her aunt was waiting on the terrace to greet her.

‘Good morning, my dear. Is it not a perfect day to celebrate your engagement properly?’

‘Indeed it is; thank you for taking the trouble to come down and watch.’ Penny hurried over and hugged her, shocked at how insubstantial the old lady had become.

From the terrace she scanned the rolling parkland. She could see the balloon was two thirds inflated and secured at ground level by four stout ropes attached to iron anchors. A small flight of steps led up to the woven gondola. Ned was standing beside it, talking to the Frenchman and three others. He was draped in his heavy driving cape. She waited whilst Mary put hers over her shoulders.

As the balloon swayed and strained at its moorings her enthusiasm for this venture began to fade, her courage seeping away with each step she took towards the balloon. Ned strode to greet her.

‘Good morning, sweetheart. You look enchanting. It’s a glorious morning, perfect ballooning weather.’

‘I’m sorry, but I find I’ve changed my mind. I’m not setting foot in that contraption, Ned.’

He chafed her cold hands and drew her close, planting a hard kiss on her open mouth before she could protest again. ‘There’s not a breath of wind. It’s ideal weather. I really want to share a sunrise with you. We’ll never have a better opportunity to see it than today. I promise you, it’s completely safe. We’re firmly anchored and the balloon’s not fully inflated.’

She was unconvinced, but allowed him to lead her to the steps. He picked her up and placed her where she could see into the gondola. She gasped.

‘Oh Ned! Did you arrange all this? It looks like a sultan’s palace. Where did you obtain the beautiful silk cushions and Kashmir rugs?’

‘I have an attic full of such paraphernalia. Do you like it? There’s also a hamper stuffed full of delicacies, and cold champagne and lemonade to wash it down. We shall eat breakfast watching the sun rise over the sea. It will be unique. No other couple will have had such an experience.’

She hesitated, her old antipathy to balloons holding her back. But it looked so inviting - so exotic - and he had gone to such trouble to make this morning memorable. She held up a finger to test the breeze; there was none. The air was, as Ned had said, as still as a millpond.

‘Very well, if you’re quite certain it’s safe, I’ll come up with you, but only this once, as it’s a special occasion.’

The smile he gave her convinced her she had made the correct decision. He lifted her into the basket then stepped in himself. As soon as they were comfortably settled he waved a small flag over the side, obviously provided for that very purpose.

The men took hold off the handles. They must have had strict instructions to raise the balloon gradually in order not to alarm her before they were aloft. She lay back on the colourful cushions finding she was actually enjoying the novelty. She rested her head on Ned’s shoulder and he reciprocated by slipping his arm around her waist.

‘This is really quite enjoyable. I never thought I could feel contented in a balloon.’

He bent his head and nibbled at her ear. ‘Is it possible that I could have something to do with your change of heart, my love?’ His words, whispered into her hair, sent ripples of excitement coursing down her spine to pool in a most surprising place.

‘My lord! I thought we were in this basket to watch the sunrise?

‘Then you were sadly mistaken, sweetheart. I have a far more interesting pastime in mind.’



For a few blissful minutes Ned demonstrated his intentions until commonsense restrained him. He propped himself up on one elbow and studied her flushed cheeks, her swollen lips and the dazed expression in her eyes. Enough was definitely enough!

He sat up, allowing her time to adjust her clothing and recover her composure. The balloon was perfectly positioned for his purposes. Its movement was minimal, the tethers holding it steady. He stood up and pulled a spyglass from a pocket in his cape. Flicking it open, he put it to his eye and rotated carefully, scanning the horizon in all directions. Excellent, no clouds, no wind, the weather remained perfect.

Penny joined him, commenting on how stable the gondola was. He pulled her tight to his side and she came willingly. ‘I hadn’t realized it would be possible to move about up here. I had imagined it more like a small boat, only safe if its occupants remain seated.’

‘Not so, my dear. I believe that in France, some years ago, eight people ascended and actually danced a quadrille, several hundred feet above the ground.’

‘How extraordinary!’ She breathed in deeply, filling her lungs with the fresh morning air. ‘It even smells different up here.’ She paused, listening. ‘Can you hear the birds? I have never heard the dawn chorus sound so clear.’ He smiled as she risked a peek over the side and shivered ‘We’re so high up, how far is it to the ground?’

‘About three hundred feet, no more. There are trees as tall as this in the New World.’

Holding tight to his arm she ventured closer to the edge of the basket. Its sides reached to just below her shoulders, giving an illusion of safety. As the wicker beneath didn’t rock alarmingly she was brave enough to transfer her hands to the rim. She risked another peep.

‘Where are the men? Why have they left us up here?’ Her voice rose a little, believing she was stranded in midair at the mercy of the elements.

‘I expect they’ve gone back to break their fast. They’ll return long before we wish to descend. Don’t look so worried, sweetheart, you’re perfectly safe.’ He grinned wolfishly. ‘Well, safe from the elements, anyway. I cannot promise you’re not in any danger from me.’

‘Don’t be ridiculous, Ned. It’s far too cold to indulge in the things you have in mind. And you promised to restrain yourself until we’re married.’’

‘That’s a pity, but I will abide by your wishes. We have the rest of our lives ahead of us; there’s no need to rush into something that, in my opinion, is best done slowly.’

‘You’re impossible, Lord Weston!’ She inched her way gingerly round the edge of the basket, obviously beginning to enjoy the novelty. ‘Look, Ned, the sun’s starting to rise over the sea. The water’s turning orange and gold; it’s as though God’s pouring celestial paint upon the earth for our delight.’

They stood, enthralled, watching until the spectacle was completed and the world bathed in early morning sunshine. The basket rocked a little, as though pushed by an unseen hand. Penny laughed, clutching at his arm to steady herself.

‘Thank you, that was a magical experience. One I shall treasure for the rest of my life.’ She pulled her cloak together. ‘It’s cold standing up, shall we sit down and open the hamper? All this fresh air has restored my appetite.’

He served her with lobster patties, chicken legs, cheese dainties, apple turnovers and plum cake, all washed down with chilled champagne for him and freshly made lemonade for her.

They became engrossed and he didn’t notice the increased movement of the basket or the sudden drop in temperature. Suddenly the balloon lurched violently to one side, tipping her into his lap. He laughed as they untangled themselves. Then he swore.

Penny shocked by his outburst remonstrated. ‘Please don’t use such language. I don’t like to hear it.’ He ignored her ladylike protest. He was on his feet, the basket still askew, the flag for attracting attention in his hand.

‘God damn it, where is everyone? We need to come down. It’s going to get unpleasant up here very soon.’ The park was deserted apart from two small figures sitting, watching, on the terrace.

‘What is it? Why are we rocking so violently? I don’t like it, Ned.’

‘Neither do I, sweetheart. Everything will be fine; don’t worry. The men will be back to lower as at any minute now. The balloon is so securely tethered it will not pull free even in a storm. I checked the anchors were sufficient last night.’ He waved his flag vigorously over the side of the basket and Mary ran from the terrace in the direction of the barn.

‘Sit down, Penny. It’s safer in the bottom of the basket. I’m sorry our morning has been spoilt. It’s uncomfortable, but I promise it’s not dangerous.’

She did as she was bid; she could see he was concerned by the brutal rocking. Crouching, terrified, under the rugs, she watched him as he balanced under the neck of the sphere fighting to release the valve that prevented the hydrogen from escaping. Thank God! He’d succeeded.

The noise of the wind made speech impossible, but he pointed and nodded vigorously. The balloon lurched again and he lost his footing and fell heavily on top of her. He rolled away.

‘I’m sorry, did I hurt you?’ He was obliged to shout directly into her ear to make himself heard above the terrifying roar of the wind. She shook her head, not attempting to answer. ‘The gas is being released, the balloon will deflate and we’ll descend, but it’s going to take a little while,’ he bellowed. ‘You mustn’t worry; it’s merely uncomfortable, not dangerous.’

The basket rocked violently and Ned swore again. He struggled upright and, clinging to the basket, peered over. He was thrown to the floor again as two of the anchors tore out of the ground, the aerostat was now held by only two ropes and the weight of the winch. There was nothing he could do except hold her in his arms and pray the men arrived before the final anchors ripped free and the balloon carried them out to sea. This was no accident. Someone had deliberately loosened the restraints hoping the balloon would take them to their deaths.





Chapter Nine





Penny huddled in the bottom of the basket even his warmth couldn’t prevent her shivering. Ned knew what she was thinking - that she shouldn’t have listened to him and should have remained safely on the ground. The sun was rudely obliterated by towering black clouds and the skies opened.

In seconds they were both drenched, their cloaks and blankets were no protection from the downpour. He staggered to his feet and saw the men racing desperately across the grass hoping to reach the winch before it was torn from its moorings. There was nothing he could do apart from offer comfort and reassurance to his petrified betrothed

He realized, even if she did not, that their time was running out. The balloon was not deflating quickly enough and with only the one remaining anchor they could tear free at any moment. The ferocity of the wind increased and the final anchor lifted. Then the cast iron winch was wrenched from the ground, even its enormous weight not sufficient to hold them down.

Ned sensed the instant they were airborne, unrestrained, racing towards the open sea. A balloon usually travelled at the speed of the prevailing wind but as theirs was trailing several iron objects it would, he prayed, move more slowly. He gathered Penny closer in order to shout into her ear. It was imperative she knew what to expect.

‘Penny, we’re heading out towards the sea. The weight of the anchors will prevent us from ascending any further. Do you understand? Nod if you do.’ She nodded, her face paper white, hair plastered to her head, bonnet long gone, ripped away by the wind. ‘I anticipate we’ll land on the sea not far from shore. When we do you must hang on to the net.’ He pointed to the intricate mesh that enveloped the balloon and to which the basket was attached.

She was too scared to question his instructions and her teeth were chattering too much for her to do more than nod again.

‘Good girl.’ He smiled, hoping his confidence would reassure her. ‘We’re going to scramble up on to the balloon - there will be enough hydrogen in it to keep us afloat.’



His next words were lost in the wind but she heard enough. The word, afloat, lodged in her subconscious and was sufficient to keep her from hysteria.

Next he removed his boots and stockings and threw them to one side. The rain was falling horizontally and copious amounts of icy water were whipping through the sides of the basket adding to the deluge pouring on them from above. The balloon was noticeably lower, barely above the tree tops and Penny prayed it would land before they reached the coast. Ned removed his cape and stuck a long- bladed knife into his waistband. Was he going to try and puncture the balloon in order to speed the release of the hydrogen?

He intercepted her stare and dropped down to his knees beside her cupping his hands round her ear. ‘If we land out to sea I must cut the gondola from the net or the weight of the anchors and the winch will pull us under.’

She followed his example and placed her hands against his head and screamed into his ear. ‘Why not do it now? You might not be able to cut all the ropes quickly enough once we’re in the sea.’

He shook his head, abandoning any attempt to speak. He mimed the effect such a premature action would have. She sank back, understanding what his demonstration meant. If he released the weights too soon then the balloon could rise and carry them further out.

The howl of the wind seemed to change pitch, become deeper somehow. One look at his horrified expression told her what it was. The noise was the waves underneath them. He leant down and pointed to her feet, indicating she should remove her cloak, petticoats, slippers and stockings. He pointed to his bare feet and mimed climbing up the net. She nodded; he was telling her it would be safer to scramble over the balloon with bare feet. Frantically she pulled off her sodden petticoats and stockings - there was very little time.

He bent forward and, seizing her round the waist, threw her up on to the net. She began to climb, fear giving her the strength to grip the slippery rope. The gondola was bumping along the waves and he was slashing like a madman at the pieces of rope that held the basket to the balloon itself.

Within seconds of their landing the basket was submerging -there were huge waves breaking over him. Still he sawed away – their lives depended on his success. The icy North Sea slapped her ankles, promoting a frenzy of climbing. The balloon, although now almost empty, had more than enough buoyancy to hold her.

She fell into a hollow on its surface the balloon appeared to flatten under her, easily supporting her weight. The rain continued to lash her face but she was safe from the waves. Gulping in a lungful of air, her heart pumping painfully in her chest, she began to believe she was going to survive, that she wasn’t going to drown.

Held safely in the dip she couldn’t see the waves below, couldn’t see what he was doing. Why wasn’t he climbing up to join her? Gingerly she rolled to the edge and, using it to support her, peered over the top. She was surrounded by heaving, slate grey water; there was no sign of the gondola or Ned. Her throat constricted. Where was he?

‘Ned, Ned.’ Her cries were carried away by the howling wind. The makeshift boat rocked violently almost pitching her into the waves. Terrified she slid backwards, her mind refusing to accept the awful truth. He was dead. Her beloved had drowned.

Numb with misery she prayed that God would take her too; she didn’t want to be on this earth without him. The balloon rocked violently a second time and she was tumbled, end over end, to the centre where the rain water that had collected submerged her completely. She lay winded, face down, believing her prayers were being answered. Drowning would not be so bad; she opened her mouth to let the water do its work.



Penny disappeared over the edge of the floating balloon and, confident she was safe; Ned turned his attention back to slicing the ropes. He had severed all but two when the waves swallowed the basket taking him with it. Desperately sawing, knowing that when the ropes were fully stretched it would, inexorably, follow.

The last fibres split and the combined weight of the anchors and winch tore the rope end from his hand. His lungs were bursting; he needed air. He kicked violently and shot up but his head didn’t break the surface of the water, it bumped against something solid.

He had come up under the balloon; he was almost done, had seconds left to live - his reserves were exhausted. He had failed. Then floating before him he saw Penny’s image; she was smiling at him; he had to survive, without him she too would surely perish. With savage kicks he swam parallel to the sphere, praying he would reach the end of it before his lungs gave out.

Then there was nothing under his groping hand – he was free. With the last of his energy he swam up, and this time his head broke the surface of the water. He clutched out and rammed his fingers in the netting. The tide was strong, the waves powerful, he could be swept away in a second.

For several moments he hung, gasping, drawing lifesaving air into his chest. The water was freezing; his life was ebbing away. He had to climb up the netting; join Penny on top where they would both be safe.

He rested his forehead on the slippery side, gathering the remnants of his strength for one final push. The balloon rocked sideways as a large wave surged under it, and, seizing his opportunity, he began a frantic scramble. His weight tipped the balloon, and for a horrible moment he thought it would capsize. Then it righted and using that motion to assist him he flung himself over the rim and fell inside.

The water slopping about in the hollow was almost bath like in comparison to the sea and it revived him. He rolled upright, but couldn’t see her. Then, in the centre of the dip, where the water was deepest, he saw her, lying face down.

With a roar of anguish he hurtled forward dragging her out of the pool. Not now, not after all this! How could he bear it? Finally he had found his perfect partner, the woman he would love for the rest of his life, and he had lost her.

His face contorted with grief as he dragged the limp form to the edge where he cradled her, his tears adding to the rain that streamed down his face. So lost in his sorrow for a moment he didn’t recognize the signs. This was not her corpse he was holding, at least not yet, she had a pulse.

He wouldn’t lose her, he had been given a second chance. He flipped her over, draping her across his raised knees, and began to systematically pummel her back, starting at the base of her spine and ending between her shoulders. He repeated this twice and then rolling her back, he placed his mouth over her icy lips, attempting to breathe life into her.



From a deep darkness Penny heard a voice – his voice. ‘Sweetheart, darling, don’t leave me, I love you, I need you, please don’t die.’ The words were being repeated over and over, like a refrain. And then she understood. Ned was alive, he was calling her back. They were to be given another chance.

She convulsed, the water spewing from her mouth, emptying her lungs and allowing life-giving air to flood in. She was cradled in his arms and, drawing a shuddering breath, she opened her eyes.

‘Thank the sweet Lord, thank God, my darling, you’re safe now. I thought I’d lost you.’ He pulled her up, supporting her against his chest. ‘Rest, sweetheart, I have you now. You’ll be safe. I’ll not let anything else take you from me.’

She tried to raise her arm, to reach up to touch his dear face; the face she had never thought to see again in this world, but inertia held her fast. Instead she smiled into his eyes and mouthed, ‘I love you.’ Then her lids drooped and she allowed blessed sleep to take her.

‘Wake up, darling. You mustn’t sleep, you’re too cold. You’ll die if you don’t stay awake.’ He shook her roughly, forcing her to return to the nightmare that surrounded them. ‘Good girl – now I’m going to start rotating your arms, try to restore your circulation.’

She couldn’t remain comatose with a maniac shaking her about like a rag doll. ‘Stop it, Ned; you’re hurting me. You’re pulling my arms out of their sockets.’

She hadn’t needed to shout, her words were audible. The wind had dropped and the rain slackened to a drizzle. ‘I feel as I’ve swallowed a bucket of water and it’s slopping about inside me.’

‘Stick your fingers down your throat, bring it up, you’ll feel much better, I promise you.’

Even in her weakened state such a suggestion appalled her. She forced herself out of his grasp, intending to protest, but the sudden movement had the desired effect. He held her head as she retched helplessly, regurgitating the last of the water that had almost drowned her.

‘You will feel much better now, my darling.’

She flopped back into his arms. ‘Well, I could hardly feel any worse. I seem to be making a habit of this.’ She was tempted to close her eyes, to sleep, but if she did the wretched man would start his shaking and pummelling again. She prised her salt-sticky eyes apart and stared upwards.

‘Look, the clouds are breaking. I can see a patch of blue sky.’

‘It will start to get warmer soon, sweetheart, and we’ll both feel better.’ He propped her, unresisting, against the springy edge, and pulled himself upright. ‘Thank God! Penny, darling, look, we’re drifting into the shore, the tide’s strong here and it’s carrying us in with it.’

She found energy from somewhere and with his assistance gained the edge and peered into the drizzle. Her heart lifted. ‘That’s the beach; I’m not imagining it, am I?’

‘No, darling, you’re not. We should be there in about fifteen minutes. We’re saved; somehow we’ve both been spared.’

She slipped back down into the hollow of their odd boat and he joined her, reaching out and pulling her on to his lap. A feeling of joy swept over her. They had nearly perished, but now they were safe.





Chapter Ten





A watery sun emerged from behind the remaining clouds and they basked in its welcome heat. Too exhausted to speak, they rested, waiting for the bump that would indicate they had arrived on the sand. The balloon bottomed, tipping them forward.

‘We’re there, sweetheart. Come along, let me help you.’

Getting out was considerably easier. Allowing gravity to do the work they rolled one after the other over the edge and down to the wet sand. Penny had difficulty regaining her feet, the weight of her sodden skirts holding her down.

‘Up you come,’ he heaved her upright. ‘We must walk about, try and restore some blood to our limbs and allow our garments to dry.’

She stared at him, an unexpected smile splitting her wan face. ‘You look like a buccaneer, my love. And you have lost your lovely Hessians. What a shame!’

‘Good God, do you think I care about that?’ He grinned, holding her at arm’s length. ‘We do indeed make a sorry pair.’ He stepped closer and hugged her hard. ‘But we’re alive and well. Do you know, I have never felt happier than I do at this moment?’

‘In spite of being half drowned and scared to death?’ She sighed. ‘Oh, Ned, I do love you so much, and I feared I would never be in a position to say those words again’

‘My darling; I’m the luckiest man alive.’ They gazed into each other’s eyes, lost in love and happiness. The sun shone, warming them, drying their clothes and sending a different sort of heat surging through their veins.

‘Lord Weston. Lord Weston.’ A shout from the dunes startled them apart.

‘It’s Ducray and my men from Headingly.’ He waved one arm, unwilling to remove the other from his beloved. They began to walk towards the rescue party, reluctant to re-join the bustle of reality.

Soon Penny was warmly wrapped in rugs, sitting in the back of the carriage that had come from to find them. They had no need to talk; they were content to bask in the warmth of their shared affection. Even the discomfort of sticky, damp clothes didn’t intrude in their oasis of happiness.

‘What will happen to the balloon? Will they bother to collect it?’

‘The wagon will be there already. It’s odd how close to home we are, I felt as though we were in a foreign land.’

‘The last two people on earth, I know exactly what you mean.’ She stretched up and pushed a strand of hair from his forehead. ‘It’s remarkable they found us so quickly, but I’m glad they did. I cannot wait to bathe and change into something dry.’

His eyes teased her. ‘I was rather hoping we would have no need of clothes, dry or otherwise.’

She giggled. ‘Ned, you’re impossible. Our narrow escape doesn’t give you leave to take advantage. Such things must wait until we’re man and wife. Can you imagine what Aunt Lucy would have to say on the subject?’

‘Shame! But I’m having the banns called today. We shall tie the knot in three weeks.’

She slipped off his lap, attempting to arrange herself demurely on the squabs.

‘You look like a sea nymph, or a mermaid, with your hair loose like that.’ His eyes darkened and he prepared to join her. She shook her head as the carriage began to slow.

‘I’m relieved your guests are still safely in their beds. I’ve no wish to be seen looking like this. I shall return to my room for a hot bath and intend to rest until noon.’

The carriage rattled to a halt and two footmen opened the door and lowered the steps. They kept their eyes firmly to the ground; they had obviously been warned not to stare. Ned climbed out first and his expression was no longer that of someone whose life had been a miraculously saved. He looked fierce, and fury flickered in his eyes. Damnation! He must mask his feelings better.

‘Ned?’ She sounded worried.

‘Yes, sweetheart? Is something wrong?’ He reached in and gripping her firmly around the waist lifted her to the ground.

‘No, everything is splendid. I can hardly believe it’s still so early and yet so much has happened to us. I shall never take anything for granted again.’

Her smile made him wish she was prepared to throw convention to one side and agree to share his bed tonight.

‘Lady Dalrymple already knows we’re safe. No doubt she will wish to visit you in your chambers as soon as you’re ready.’

She hurried inside trailing rugs and water behind her. Ned stood, unable to take his eyes from her until she vanished. She was his life and the bastard who had almost taken her from him was going to regret it.

‘My lord, I have a bath ready.’

The quiet reminder from his valet refocused his attention on the present. ‘Yes, I’m coming presently. First I have some urgent business to attend to.’

His intention was to find his men and start investigating how the anchors had been loosened. The near tragedy would be referred to as an accident; Penny had been frightened enough by the experience.

He didn’t wish her to know someone had deliberately tried to kill them. He would deal with it – his way. He found Reynolds, one of the four men he sought, examining the holes in the lawn. ‘God damn it! Where are the others?’ He didn’t enjoy traipsing round the place in search of his minions.

‘They’re already investigating what took place here, my lord.’ His face was grave. ‘This is a nasty business. Someone came out here last night and loosened the ground. How many of your guests knew you were intending to take Miss Coombs for a flight this morning, my lord?’

‘None of them. Lady Dalrymple knew, of course and Ducray and that émigré. I suspect it was the count. Somehow he’s got wind of the investigation and hoped to divert attention from himself by murdering myself and Miss Coombs.’

‘Are you suggesting he knows it’s you who’s leading the search, my lord?’

‘No, I’m certain he does not. His manner towards me is that of a fellow aristocrat. His behaviour, his expression, would have revealed his suspicions.’

He kicked a lump of turf and swore. He had forgotten he was still in his stockings. ‘I must remove these sodden garments and put on some boots. If anyone sees me prancing about out here dressed as I am, they’ll think I’m ready for Bedlam.’ He turned to go. ‘Reynolds, where have you sent the other men? Walk with me and explain.’

‘Perkins and Jones accompanied the wagon that has gone to collect the balloon. If any of the labourers are not what they say those two will soon discover it.’ The young man grinned. ‘I sent Jed to scout around the grounds. It’s possible intruders came in from outside during the night. If they left any evidence, he’s the man to find it.’

‘Excellent! My information is that the traitor we seek has close links with the free traders. Have you had a chance to search the barn for gold?’

‘No, my lord; there’s always someone in there. However, we’ve a chance to poke about whilst they’re all down the beach salvaging the balloon.’

‘Give me ten minutes to change and I’ll be back down – if the gold’s already in the barn this is the perfect opportunity to discover it.’

The building was, as expected, deserted. Ned glanced round. ‘Reynolds, take the far side where the men have their belongings and I’ll examine the boxes and barrels.’ After twenty minutes methodical searching neither of them had found anything suspicious.

‘If they have the gold it’s certainly not in here, my lord.’

‘It must be arriving separately; the highest tide is not for another two weeks. Plenty of time for them to have it delivered. The count obviously has several accomplices working for him; it’s those we have to apprehend before they succeed in harming Miss Coombs.’

Reynolds scratched his head. ‘It’s a rum do, sir. It don’t seem sensible to draw attention to themselves like, by these attacks on your young lady. If it was me, I’d keep me head down until the gold actually arrives.’

‘I believe they wish to keep the militia and myself occupied. Whilst we’re chasing possible abductors and potential killers we’re not watching the coast for smugglers, and the lanes for a diligence filled with gold.’ He brushed the dust from his coat and, removing a kerchief from his pocket, bent down to clean his top boots.

‘I reckon as you could be right, my lord. Seeing as you’re the magistrate it don’t mean they know you’re a government agent as well, do it?’

‘I sincerely hope they do not. I have successfully maintained my cover for the past ten years and cannot conceive that I’ve revealed myself this time. I’ll continue my enquiries inside.’ He prepared to leave the gloom of the barn. ‘Remember, no one must suspect that the narrow escape Miss Coombs and I had this morning was anything more than an accident – I’ve no wish to alert the perpetrators. Let them believe they’re safe from discovery.’

He returned to the house not wishing to remain visible for any longer than was necessary. He glanced up at the thirty or so windows that faced southwards and was relieved to see not one of them had open shutters. The time was a little after 8 o’clock – far too early for most of his guests to be up.

‘Reynolds, I’ll be in my study. Let me know what Perkins has discovered.’



‘Please, Aunt Lucy, don’t fuss so. I’m perfectly well. A hot bath was sufficient to restore me. The incident was an accident that would have been a tragedy but for Lord Weston’s quick thinking and courage.’

‘I cannot understand how such a thing could have happened. What was he thinking of to take you up when the weather was so blustery?’

‘My dear Aunt Lucy, I’ve explained at great length about all aspects of this morning’s misadventure. I should prefer to speak of something else.’ Penny smiled to take the sting from her words. ‘In fact I have momentous news for you. Lord Weston and I have decided to arrange our wedding for the middle of June - not September.’

‘Good heavens! That gives us less than a month to organize your trousseau and invite the guests.’

‘That’s quite long enough. Instead of having a betrothal ball and garden party for Lord Weston’s tenants and villagers we shall now make it a celebration of our wedding. I don’t believe I’ll have ballooning as a feature, not after today.’

‘I should think not. Do you have a list of guests already drawn up?’

‘No. Perhaps both you and Mrs Weston could help me with this? I fear if you left it to me I should forget to invite someone important.’

Penny had intended to rest on her day-bed until noon but she was feeling so invigorated at the thought of her forthcoming nuptials she sat up, swinging her legs to the floor. ‘I shall need to get dressed. My demi-toilette is not suitable for appearing in public.’

Her great-aunt pushed herself to her feet. ‘In that case, my dear, I shall leave you. Where shall we meet to discuss our plans?’

‘In the library, it’s a pleasant room and the French doors open on to the terrace. So if we wish we can remove ourselves outside.’

She could hardly credit that scarcely four hours ago she had been hurrying downstairs for her dawn assignation. Indeed, so much had happened since they had renewed their acquaintance she was almost tempted to believe the two things connected. She heard Mary enter from the dressing room in answer to her summons.

‘I should like to wear my new walking dress of jaconet muslin. The rose pink is exactly right for a warm summer’s day.’

‘Very well, miss. Will you be wanting the jacket?’

Penny thought for a moment. This dress had long sleeves which should be sufficient for conversing in the library. ‘If I decide to walk in the garden after my meeting then I shall come up for my bonnet, gloves and parasol.’

Downstairs the house was alive with guests and all had heard about her adventure and all wanted to commiserate, congratulate or speculate. It took Penny more than thirty minutes to reach the library and both Lady Dalrymple and Mrs Weston were already there.

‘I do apologize; I must have been waylaid by a dozen people all wishing to know the details of this morning’s accident.’

Mrs Weston had risen on her entrance. ‘What a dreadful thing to happen, Miss Coombs. I, for one shall not be queuing up for a ride in that contraption.’

She was embarrassed that a lady who was her senior had felt obliged to stand. ‘Please, Mrs Weston, do be seated. I have no wish to stand on ceremony; after all we’re to be related very soon, are we not?’

‘How kind! Ned has always been a favourite of mine. James and he are as close as brothers. When dear Ned’s parents were taken in an epidemic of the fever he was up at Oxford with James – this was a difficult time for the family, but both James and I were here to give our support.’ She arranged the skirt of her smart maroon walking dress around her feet.

‘Shall I ring for refreshments to be served here? It’s almost noon and I believe nuncheon will be served in the small dining-room soon.’

Her aunt smiled at her. ‘We took the liberty of asking for coffee and pastries to be brought here. We have much to discuss and very little time in which to do it.’

‘Then I can relax and join you at the table.’ Penny pulled out a chair, carefully smoothing the back of her dress before she sat. ‘Now, I see you have paper, pens and ink ready. Who shall be our scribe this morning?’

Not until mid-afternoon was Penny released from the library. She was heartily sick of hearing about people she had never met that simply must be included on the guest list. In the end she had agreed to leave this to her aunt and Mrs Weston. She had insisted, however, that the list should be submitted to Ned before the invitations were written.

Her lips curved – how quickly things had changed between them.

She had no interest in the details of floral decorations for the ball that was to precede her wedding. Neither had she any desire to be involved with the menu for the wedding breakfast. Both Aunt Lucy and Mrs Weston were more than delighted to take joint charge of everything.

The mantua-maker from Ipswich who made all her clothes had been sent for and was expected to arrive the next morning with up-to-date fashion plates from La Belle Assemblée and Ackermann’s Repository from which she could select her trousseau.

She already had a prodigious amount of new garments which had been made up for her when she came out of mourning for her father. But both ladies had assured her that as a countess she would require even more. Penny hurried upstairs to her chamber determined to escape from the house for an hour or so. She would take her horse for the gallop round the park. This should blow the cobwebs away and restore her equanimity. She was descending the second flight of stairs, whip in one hand, the skirt of her riding habit in the other, when she was waylaid.

‘Miss Coombs, how are you? I have been hearing from Ned about your exciting excursion this morning.’

‘Mr Weston, good afternoon. I am fully recovered and have no wish to dwell on it.’ Penny grinned. ‘I can assure you anything aeronautical is now very low on my list of enthusiasms.’

‘You’re wise to avoid them. I have never understood Ned’s fascination. If I wish to fly, I jump a hedge.’

‘Exactly my sentiments. Pray excuse me, Mr Weston, I’m intending to ride out and don’t care to keep my mount waiting.’

‘You must allow me to accompany you. I’m certain Ned doesn’t want you to ride alone. Although the militia searched the area, one cannot be too careful.’

‘If Ned cannot come with me then you would be my second choice.’

The young man bowed and, smiling, offered his arm and they strolled down the stairs and out of the house.

Phoenix was saddled and waiting at the foot of the steps. He was plunging and stamping almost lifting the unfortunate stable boy from his feet. There were two grooms standing by their own mounts, obviously intending to escort her.

On her appearance one of the men handed his reins to the other and stepped forward to toss Penny aboard. She turned smiling ruefully at James. ‘There, Ned has already thought of it. You’re free of obligation, sir. Thank you for your kind offer, but as you can see I have no need to ruin your afternoon.’

‘In that case, Miss Coombs, I shall bid you farewell until this evening.’

He disappeared into the house and her brow creased. She had offended him; he was obviously displeased at her dismissal. But his mount wasn’t ready – he hadn’t been intending to ride even though he was dressed appropriately. She would have been obliged to wait whilst his horse had been fetched and Phoenix was in no mood to stand.

She shrugged, dismissing the incident. She ran her hand along the gleaming chestnut neck of her horse. ‘Shall we go, Phoenix? I wish to go down to the sea? Is that possible?’

Perkins replied cheerfully. ‘Yes, miss. If we cut through the park there’s a path that leads down to the beach. It’ll take about half an hour.’

‘Then I shall follow you. I don’t know my way about.’ She gathered her reins and forced her excited horse to drop in between the two grooms. She thought she caught a glimpse of a pistol tucked in to the pocket of the leading man, but dismissed her idea as fanciful.





Chapter Eleven





Ned swore causing a nearby gardener to snigger. He glared and the man instantly lowered his head, tugging his forelock and muttering as he scurried off. He had been trying to speak to his beloved the past three hours, but each time he had ventured in it was to be told, ‘Miss Coombs is still in the library with the ladies, my lord.’ And now she had gone out on her horse.

He didn’t hesitate. ‘Saddle Bruno,’ he shouted as he raced round to the stable yard. Tom coachman had heard his call and the huge bay stallion was already outside the loose box being tacked up by two nervous under grooms.

With a cursory nod of thanks he vaulted into the saddle and was cantering after his errant beloved scarcely five minutes after she had departed. He already knew where she was heading. Penny’s voice had carried and he had heard her question about visiting the sea.

He was glad he had had the foresight to arrange for Perkins and Reynolds to be ready to accompany her if she wished to ride. There was no reason for her to suspect these two men were other than they appeared. After the near catastrophe this morning he didn’t want Penny upset again.

He knew exactly the direction she would take and was quite content to catch up with her at the bridge. She was in no real danger. He was just being overcautious. As he cantered through the sun dappled avenue of trees he was smiling. He had good news for her; Mr Plum had agreed to read the banns tomorrow at morning service.



Penny slowed her mount to a walk as they approached the narrow wooden bridge that was the only route down to the shore. She viewed it with disfavour.

‘Phoenix will never cross that. I’d have difficulty persuading him on to a sturdier version. That looks decidedly rickety.’

Perkins dismounted and tossed his reins to Reynolds. ‘It’s perfectly safe, miss. I’ve been back and forth a dozen times. Why don’t you get down and walk over it, see for yourself how safe it is.’

‘Thank you. I’ll do exactly that.’ She didn’t wait for the groom to assist her. She reached up and stroked the chestnut’s head. ‘You’ll have to go across, my boy, if you’re to have your gallop along the sand.’ The horse nudged her shoulder leaving a trail of slobber down the shoulder of her smart green riding habit. Laughing she rubbed it off with her glove. ‘Stupid animal! Mary will be most displeased with you for smearing my jacket.’

She led the gelding to the bridge and allowed him to sniff at the railings. ‘There, you see, it’s just a piece of wood. Now, you stand here with….’ She looked at the groom.

‘Perkins, Miss Coombs. Me name’s Perkins.’

‘So, you stand here with Perkins whilst I investigate this evil structure.’

She held on to the rail and jumped noisily startling all three horses. Reynolds, who had been distracted by something he’d seen in the dense undergrowth on the far side of the river, released his hold on his friend’s horse and it galloped back down the path. Perkins, made of sterner stuff, managed to hang on to Phoenix, but had his feet trampled in the process.

‘Buggeration! The varmint - he’ll be home before we can catch up with him.’

‘Mind yer language, Reynolds . Ladies present.’ Perkins snapped.

Penny watched the unfortunate groom turn beetroot and turned away to avoid him further embarrassment. ‘I do apologize,’ she called over her shoulder, ‘that was entirely my fault. I’m afraid I couldn’t resist. When I was small my father used to take me to somewhere very similar and we would pretend there was an ugly troll hiding beneath the bridge. Only by jumping up and down would it be safe to cross.’

She heard the men chuckling and knew she had put matters right. She was to be their new mistress in a few weeks and did not wish to alienate the staff before she was even married. ‘I shall walk sedately from one side to the other. I shall not make the same mistake again.’

From her vantage point on the far side of the river she watched the two grooms talking. They were obviously deciding whether it was worth one of them riding back to fetch the missing mount.

There was a rustling in the undergrowth, but she wasn’t worried. Being a country girl she was well used to hearing small animals in the hedgerows.

She looked longingly down the path that led to the sea. The waves were small, no sign of the huge breakers that had crashed against the beach that morning. A summer storm could be as ferocious as a winter one.

As she turned she spotted something glittering between the planks and, picking up her skirt, made ready to drop to her knees to investigate. Before she completed her descent she felt the wood under her fingers move and her heart jumped. Carefully moving into the centre of the narrow bridge, she flicked out the coin trapped in the mud between the planks. Perkins called her and she dropped her find into the pocket of her riding habit. She would examine it more closely later.

‘Miss Coombs, your gelding’s getting mighty impatient. If you still wish to cross we need to do it now.’

She hurried back making sure her boots make no noise this time. ‘I think it would be better to leave it. Once Phoenix becomes upset only a gallop will settle him. I don’t think it wise to risk the bridge today.’

‘Very well, miss. I’ll give you a leg up and then we can ride double. Luckily it ain’t far.’

Penny quickly rammed her boot into the single stirrup iron before her horse could toss her to the ground. ‘I must allow him to stretch his legs. On a single mount you can’t keep up.’ The groom was about to protest. Surely it was she who was the mistress here? ‘I shall see you back at the stable yard. I noticed we passed a meadow on the way here; I intend to ride around that.’

Allowing them no time to voice further argument she touched her heel to her horse’s flank and trotted down the path. It took all her expertise to retain control. She must keep to a collected canter until she reached the open field.

An overhanging branch whipped through her hair dislodging her hat; she laughed and rode on. Spotting the gate that led into the field she steadied her mount before urging him forward. They sailed over the obstacle with feet to spare. Phoenix felt the soft turf under his hooves and danced sideways, eager to race ahead.

‘Steady, boy, we mustn’t take it too fast.’ She slackened the reins a little and sat deep in the saddle. The horse lengthened his stride, breaking into a canter. She held him there for a few yards until he settled, before lowering her hands and giving him the office to gallop.

Hatless, her hair tore free from its pins, and by the time she pulled up, breathless, but exhilarated, it was tangling round her face and hanging damply down her back. Her attempt to push it back from her mud-spattered face was ineffectual. Leaning forward she slapped her mount’s sweating neck.

‘Well done, boy, that was wonderful.’ He whickered, swung his huge head and nuzzled her knee, leaving a second trail of slobber down her habit.

She clicked her tongue. ‘Come along; let’s go back to the lane.’ She spotted a break in the dense hedge and jogged towards it. The gap was filled by another large five-barred gate, fastened securely with hefty rope. She peered at the knots in annoyance. She had no choice; she would also have to jump out. She leant forward and saw the path beyond was just wide enough for a safe landing.

She trotted Phoenix back, needing to give him the necessary momentum for his leap. Facing at the correct angle, she shortened her reins, and lent down. ‘Right, off we go.’ He needed no further urging and broke into an extended canter and they flew into the air to land in a shower of mud, in the narrow lane.

As they flew over she saw the lane wasn’t empty as she’d thought. Penny struggled to keep her seat as her mount, startled to find the lane already occupied, reared, his flailing hooves adding to the chaos. Only when calm was restored and she was in full control, did the significance of both riderless horses register. It was Bruno – Ned’s mount. Surely such an expert horsemen hadn’t taken a tumble?

Then, to her astonishment, the hedge parted and two hands appeared in the gap. ‘Whatever are you doing in there, Ned?’ No sooner were the words uttered than she wished them back. The language that greeted her ill-considered remark made her ears burn. She reached down, grabbed Bruno’s flapping reins, and led him away from the heaving greenery, concerned the horses would take fright again.

She watched from a safe distance as a head emerged, followed by a pair of broad shoulders.

‘I can’t get free of this damn bush. The thorns have snagged me and I’m stuck fast.’

‘As you can see, I’m not in a position to assist you. But Perkins and the other groom are not far behind me. If you remain still and be patient they’ll be here in a moment.’ She was having difficulty keeping her face straight. ‘The more you wriggle the more embedded in the hedge you become.’

‘I’m not standing in here like a tom fool. Take the horses away from me whilst I get myself out.’

She watched her beloved struggle, becoming more enraged as the thorns bit deeper and was relieved to see the horse carrying both grooms approaching at a canter.

‘Perkins,’ she called, having to raise her voice to be heard over the crashing coming from the hedge. ‘Can you get Lord Weston out before he has an apoplexy?’

Perkins slid expertly from behind the other groom. ‘You get over there and help Miss Coombs with them horses. Lord Weston, you’re scaring the beasts, sir. If you’re quiet, my lord, I’ll cut away the branches.’

Immediately he was motionless. ‘You’re right; my struggles are making the situation worse.’

Perkins unsheathed a knife that was tucked into his boot top and pulled his gloves back on. The thorns were vicious and bare-handed he would be severely scratched.

‘Hold still, sir, I don’t want to cut you.’ The groom started the laborious process of releasing his master. This task was only partially completed when the sound of a rider approaching from around the bend in the path was clearly audible.

‘Good God! Am I to have an audience now? How much longer are you going to be?’

‘Five minutes, my lord, no more.’

‘Too long; I’m coming out, stand clear, man.’ With a herculean effort Ned wrenched himself free, the sound of ripping material made Penny wince. With a final oath he was out. His release so sudden he staggered across the lane and, losing his balance, fell face first in the dirt.

It took all her skill to maintain her precarious grip on Bruno who skittered nervously, thoroughly alarmed by his owner’s emergence from the bushes like a rat from its bolthole.

‘Steady boys, steady. Stand quiet. Stand,’ Penny soothed, holding her hands low and bringing her own weight forward, disturbed by the distinct possibility of Ned’s imminent demise, crushed under the feet of plunging horses. Equally worried Reynolds leant hard on his horse’s chest, forcing it into the hedge and away from the man spread-eagled on the ground.

Ned rolled and in one movement sprung to his feet. She saw his hands were shaking as he brushed the worst of the mud from his garments. She feared he didn’t trust himself to speak until he had his fury under control. She watched, feeling more worried by the second. This wasn’t all her fault, but she doubted that he would see it quite like that. This was a different man to the passionate and gentle person she had grown to love. He was a stranger to her.

At least aboard her horse she was relatively safe from physical retribution. The red head slowly lifted and she was impaled by a pair of arctic green eyes.

‘What the devil were you playing at? Have you taken leave of your senses?’ Penny opened her mouth to answer but thought better of it. ‘Not only have I been plunged headfirst into a hawthorn hedge, but narrowly avoided being killed under my own horse’s hooves.’ He stepped forward, his eyes not leaving hers. She swallowed; was he going to pull her from the saddle?

He froze as Mr Weston arrived on the scene. ‘This will keep, Miss Coombs. But be very sure this is not the end of the matter.’ His severe expression vanished to be replaced by a shiny smile as he turned to greet his cousin. ‘James, what brings you this way? I thought you busy playing billiards.’

Her fingers slowly uncurled their death grip on the reins. She was safe, for the moment at least. Then it occurred to her that she could make good her escape whilst he was occupied with Mr Weston. Quite forgetting she was clutching Bruno’s reins as well as her own, she clicked her tongue and dug her heel hard into Phoenix’s side. The huge animal responded and, with his horse at her side, she raced off down the lane.

When her brain once more engaged in rational thought it was too late. They had left the others far behind. Penny reined back to a walk, horrified by her foolhardy action and at a loss to know how to put matters right.

If he had been furious before now he would be baying for her blood. She sat back, ready to continue her flight, but something stopped her. She couldn’t let him walk the remaining few miles, he had suffered two accidents already today.

Reluctantly she turned the horses round and trotted back the way she had come, returning scarcely five minutes after she had left. Ned stood, arms folded, his face impassive. He was talking to Mr Weston but watching the path. How could he have known she would have the courage to return?

She trotted over to him an apologetic smile on her face. ‘Lord Weston, I’m sincerely sorry for causing your fall. And I did not mean to take Bruno away with me.’ She saw a flash of something in his eyes and prayed it was amusement. ‘Am I forgiven, my lord?’

He held out his hand. Nervously she approached him, not sure if she trusted the gleam in his eyes. Penny was forced to stand in her stirrup in order to pass down the reins. She felt something grip her boot and the next moment she was falling headlong into his arms.

‘My lord, you must not, we’re not alone.’

She had no time to protest further before his mouth covered hers in a kiss that made her forget all sense of propriety. Her arms slipped around his neck and she buried her fingers in the thick, silky hair at the base of his neck. She wanted the embrace to go on forever. It was Mr Weston who recalled her to her senses.

‘Cousin, I think I am de trop. I shall continue my ride and leave you and Miss Coombs in private.’

Flushing painfully she struggled to remove herself from Ned’s arms. ‘Enough, my lord. Please let me go.’

‘Never! You’re my life and I intend to keep you by my side until the good Lord sees fit to part us.’ His teeth gleamed as he reluctantly released her. ‘You’re an infuriating baggage who richly deserves to be put over my knee.’

‘Ned!’ Her horrified exclamation made him laugh out loud.

‘This time you’re forgiven, my love. Pray do not make a habit of tipping your future husband into a thorn bush if you wish to remain unpunished.’

Still chuckling he turned to apologize to Mr Weston, but he had vanished, along with the two grooms. ‘Good God! We must have offended him by our behaviour.’ He smiled ruefully. ‘I’m deeply attached to my cousin, but unfortunately he has no sense of humour and a far stricter sense of decency than either of us. I shall have to do a deal of sweet talking to bring him round.’

‘I like him too. It’s strange that you’re so similar in appearance but so different on the inside.’ She reached into her pocket to find a handkerchief to remove some of the mud from her face and her fingers touched the coin she had picked up earlier. ‘Look, Ned. I found this on the bridge. It’s not often someone drops a silver coin and doesn’t go back to look for it.’

He rubbed the mud from both sides and held it up to examine it. His breath hissed through his clenched teeth. ‘This is a French coin, sweetheart. There’s only one way it could have been dropped on the bridge. Smugglers must be using my land and my beach.’





Chapter Twelve





‘Smugglers? How exciting – if I’d known living here was going to be so thrilling I should have made a push to be invited sooner.’

‘This is no cause for amusement, my dear. These men are murderous villains - not something from one of your romance novels.’

Penny schooled her expression to one of exaggerated apprehension. She pressed her fingers to her mouth and rounded her eyes before exclaiming. ‘Oh, my lord, do not say so! It’s gratifying to know that I’ve a strong protector to keep me safe.’ She fluttered her eyelashes at him and saw his lips twitch. She didn’t like to see him looking so grim.

‘As I said before, my dear, you’re a baggage sorely in need of restraint.’ He smiled as he pushed a strand of hair from her face. ‘Good heavens! You have no hat - no wonder poor James was shocked.’

She giggled. ‘I lost it somewhere in the lane. Do we have to go back and search for it or am I to be allowed to return in disarray?’

‘I’m not going back to find a dratted hat. You look like hoyden and I’m forced to say that your behaviour matches your appearance.’ Laughing, he tossed her back into her saddle and remounted.

‘We’d better return, sweetheart. It’s getting late. Let’s not add tardiness to our list of faults.

Two commendably straight-faced grooms were waiting for them in front of the house. Ned vaulted from his horse and was beside her before she had her boot removed from the stirrup. He swung her to the path. ‘Do you have another evening gown? I think tonight the both need to make a special effort.’

‘I have three others but none I like as well as the green.’ She stood on tiptoe to whisper in his ear. ‘Please, Ned, don’t look round, but there are several faces pressed up against the drawing-room windows. I dread to think what Mrs Weston has been told.’

‘Shall we shock them further?’ His enquiry was teasing, but she recoiled in horror.

‘You’re incorrigible, my lord. Dear Aunt Lucy will be mortified at my wanton behaviour.’ She stepped away, her cheeks flushed. ‘I shall see you at dinner, my lord.’ She dipped in a hasty curtsy before gathering up the trailing skirt of her riding habit and hurrying inside.



Ned’s eyes gleamed with appreciation. Why hadn’t he seen how beautiful she was last year? Had he changed, or had she? He nodded his thanks to the grooms and strode into the house. He needed a stiff drink before going upstairs to change for dinner. His mouth curled, causing two footmen to step back in shock at the sight of their master actually smiling.

Nursing a fall tumbler of brandy, he strolled across his study to stare out across the park. He needed to think. The silver coin found on the bridge proved beyond doubt that things had got out of hand on his estate. These free-traders could well be involved in the gold smuggling. He had spent too long serving his country and had been neglecting his own property. This task would be his last for either Nosey or the government. In fact he would pen a letter at once to that effect to Carstairs, making his position quite clear.

He was just sanding his missive when he was interrupted by a sharp tap on the door. ‘Come in, if you must,’ he barked.

‘Ned, a moment of your time, if you please.’

‘James, come in. I have just finished.’ He smiled at his cousin. ‘I believe I owe you an apology, my friend. You must forgive Miss Coombs and I, we are so recently engaged.’

‘No apology needed. It’s I who has come to beg pardon for my curmudgeonly behaviour earlier. I have no right to frown on you – you are after all affianced.’

‘And we’re to wed in less than three weeks.’

James chuckled. ‘Not a moment too soon, if you want my opinion.’

‘I do not, cousin. Now if we’re friends again there’s a boon I wish to ask of you.’ Ned waved towards an empty chair. ‘I have reason to believe that an unscrupulous fortune hunter is trying to abduct Miss Coombs. I find myself inundated with estate business and don’t have the time to be with her throughout the day.’ He looked across at James. ‘Could I prevail upon you to take my place when I’m occupied with other things?’

‘I should be delighted, Ned. Miss Coombs and I have already become the best of friends. It will be no hardship to be her companion and escort her when you’re too busy.’

‘Thank you. I know there are grooms aplenty to accompany her, but I shan’t be sanguine unless she has someone I can trust by her side.’ He smiled warmly. ‘Indeed, if I can’t be there myself, you’re the next best thing.’

James stood up and bowed formally. ‘If you’ll excuse me, I must take my leave. Mama is expecting me to join her in the orangery for afternoon tea.’

‘I shall tell Miss Coombs of our agreement and leave her to seek you out when she wishes to ride or drive into Ipswich.’

Ned folded his letter, sealing it carefully with a blob of wax and impressing his signet ring into the molten material before it cooled. Had he done the right thing asking James to be Penny’s close companion? Was there a danger that she would come to prefer the younger man? James didn’t have his fiery temper and autocratic manner and was far easier to jog along with. Well – it was too late to repine. He had made his decision and would just have to trust her love was as strong and steadfast as his own.

He frowned as he leaned back in his chair to pull the bell-strap. She was so much younger than him – so innocent and unspoilt. Was it possible she might compare and find his cousin the better man? His mouth curved in a wicked smile. There was one sure way to prevent her considering anyone else; he could anticipate his wedding night by seducing her into his bed. Then she would never wish to look at another man - his prowess between the sheets was legendary.



‘Lawks, miss! Look at your hair?’ Mary exclaimed in horror.

‘I lost my hat, that’s all. Do I have time to bathe before dressing for dinner?’

‘Why don’t you have a nice rest until your bath is ready? It takes a while to get the water up here.’

‘Thank you, Mary. At least here they have a room especially for the bath and the dirty water doesn’t have to be carried back downstairs as it does at home.’

Her maid deftly removed the soiled riding habit and Penny heard her tutting loudly about the state of it as she returned to the dressing room. The shutters were open letting the late afternoon sunshine flood into her bedchamber, filling the room with warmth and light. Ignoring the silk wrapper she slipped on to her bed in her chemise and stretching out her bare legs flopped back in to the waiting pile of pillows.

So much had happened in the last few days her head was in a whirl. She closed her eyes and let her mind drift, trying not to dwell on the more unpleasant incidents. She recalled her fear when the balloon had ripped away from the ground. Then a bubble of laughter rose as at the recollection of her beloved headfirst in a thorn bush. She had never heard such profanities.

Smiling she sat up, too restless to remain still. For some reason whenever her thoughts turned to Ned she felt decidedly odd. What was it that made her limbs tingle and her feminine parts glow with anticipation? Strange that thinking about Mr Weston, who was Ned’s replica, had no such effect on her body.

The sound of laughter and clinking crockery outside in the garden drew her to the window. Hidden in the shadows she peeped out. Under the shade of a large oak tree a table had been laid and sitting round it were Mrs Weston and her son and the Remingtons. Of the three aristocratic couples there was no sign. From her vantage point Penny watched the interplay between the families.

Mr Weston was putting himself out to be charming to the three giggling girls and they were responding accordingly. The two boys were awestruck at being in the presence of such a grand gentleman. She smiled as she noticed for the first time that Mr Weston’s dress was similar to Ned’s. He too was wearing a blue superfine topcoat with a grey waistcoat and his cravat was tied in an identical arrangement as the one her be beloved favoured.

Mary was returning so she moved away from the window. She knew very little about Mr Weston’s financial circumstances apart from the fact that he was heir to the title if Ned should die without issue. A wave of heat suffused her at the thought of what might be involved in order for her to produce the requisite heir.

‘Mary, guests are still on the lawn taking tea. I think I might postpone my bath until later and go outside and join them.’

‘Very well, miss. The water’s that hot it will keep warm for a good while yet. Shall I fetch your walking dress with the white muslin skirt and pink bodice? You’ve not worn that.’

‘That’s because I don’t like the banded skirt – I much prefer a plain gown. However, as it’s in the first stare of fashion I suppose I shall have to learn to admire it.’

She hurried across the vast hall glad she had agreed to slip a rose and white striped scarf around her shoulders for, even with the elbow length sleeves and demure neck line of her gown, she was chilled. Heavy footsteps alerted her and she paused to allow Ned to catch up with her.

He arrived at her side freshly garbed in buff trousers and dark blue top-coat. ‘Sweetheart, are you going outside to join the tea party?’

‘I am. I’ve hardly had time to further my acquaintance with Mr and Mrs Remington and this seems an ideal opportunity to do so.’ He was standing too close. The warmth of his breath was brushing her neck. Nervously she stepped sideways wishing to put a safe distance between them. He matched her movement. This was too much! ‘Lord Weston, kindly leave me room to breathe.’

He smiled down at her and her resistance melted. She swayed forward and his arms enfolded her. ‘You’re so lovely I cannot resist you.’ He took her hand and placed it on his heart. ‘Can you feel it, darling girl? It beats solely for you. I’ve waited ten years to fall in love and I burn to show you just how much I love you.’

Penny spread her fingers, burying them into the snowy folds of his immaculate cravat. He was so tall, so strong – and she was making him tremble with desire. Slowly she raised her face and her lips parted to receive his kiss. Her feet left the floor and a slipper dropped to the tiles. She was lost in his embrace as eager as he to share their passion.

Ned, who was facing the open front door, saw someone approaching and without putting her down spun round and headed for the privacy of his study.

‘Put me down, please. Someone will see us.’

‘Guests were approaching the hall, sweetheart. I had to remove us or we would have been discovered.’

‘In that case, my lord, we’re quite safe here and you may return me to my feet.’ He ignored her request and his arms tightened. She was having none of this highhanded behaviour. She pushed firmly against his unyielding bulk expecting him to release her. He didn’t. ‘Lord Weston, if you don’t put me down at once I shall scream.’ This remark had some result but not the one she expected.

He chuckled. ‘Go ahead, my dear, if you have no objection to being seen as a wanton with no decorum.’

She had no alternative. She had given him an ultimatum and he had ignored her. Whatever the consequences she had no choice. She would not be ignored. Taking a deep breath she threw her head back and screamed as if her very life depended on it.

He dropped her to the floor as if she was on fire. As she struggled to regain her feet without his assistance, a gurgle of laughter welled as she saw his expression of incredulity. However, the sound of running footsteps and concerned voices approaching made all desire to laugh vanish. Deciding to leave explanations to him she fell back as if in a deep swoon.

With her eyes closed she couldn’t see what was happening. Ned dropped to his knees beside her as if concerned by her collapse. He took one of her hands in his and she winced at his grip. Then his second arm slipped under her and she was hoisted into the air once more. This time if she was to maintain the pretence of being unconscious she could not protest at his rough handling.

‘My lord, we heard the scream. Is Miss Coombs injured?’ One of the guests enquired anxiously.

‘It was a ghost! Miss Coombs believed she saw a spectre appear at the far end of this passageway which then vanished through the wall. The sight was too much for her.’

Penny almost choked and decided it was time to make a miraculous recovery. He had other ideas and her face was firmly squashed against his chest giving her no opportunity to deny his ridiculous explanation.

There were shocked exclamations and murmurs of sympathy. They must think her a veritable pea-goose to believe such nonsense. Disregarding the consequences she sank her teeth into his chest and bit down. He flinched, but to her consternation, his arms remained locked around her.

‘If you will excuse me, I must carry Miss Coombs up to her chambers where she may recover in more comfort.’ He waited politely for his guests to step aside then marched back towards the hall. Even here he didn’t pause.

She had hoped he would allow her to run upstairs under her own volition but this was not to be. As if she weighed no more than a feather, he took the stairs two at a time paying no regard to her comfort whatsoever. She was tossed from side to side and the second time her knees cracked against the wall she squealed in protest.

‘Be quiet! I have heard more than I wish from you this morning, Miss Coombs.’

The harshness of his tone and the roughness of his hold told her that this time she had gone too far. She prayed Mary would be waiting for her in her apartment and not below stairs occupied with laundry and ironing because, without an audience, Ned’s fury would be unleashed on her without restraint.

Her father had never used corporal punishment when she had misbehaved. However bad her behaviour, he would admonish her verbally and then banish her to the nursery without supper. There she had to compose a suitable apology which would be offered when she was forgiven and eventually summoned to his study.

The man holding her would not scruple to use physical retribution to stamp his authority. If she hadn’t gone willingly into his arms, welcoming his kisses, none of this would have happened. What had possessed her to scream? To bite him? Why had she not lain still and been happy that his quick wit was smoothing over her appalling behaviour?

Her limbs began to shake at the thought of what awaited her when she arrived at her rooms. She had behaved like a child in a tantrum - he couldn’t be blamed for wishing to punish her as he would if she was still in the schoolroom.

He halted briefly outside her parlour, leaning forward to release the catch. He didn’t push open the door, he kicked it. Her stomach churned and scolding tears trickled down her cheeks. She waited to hear her maid rush into the room, but no-one came to save her. She was alone with a terrifying stranger and must face the consequences of her actions.





Chapter Thirteen





Penny was dumped unceremoniously on to the small padded sofa that stood in front of the window seat. She shrunk back, keeping her head lowered and her eyes closed, waiting for the storm to break. He moved away, there were some thuds and then silence.

She remained crouched and shivering for a while, before risking raising her head and opening her eyes. She was met by an implacable icy-green glare. The noises she had heard had been him carrying the chair she kept in front of her desk across the room and positioning it within arm’s reach.

She wanted to apologize – to break the interminable silence – but her mouth was dry and her words remained stuck in her throat. She couldn’t look away. She was pinned to her seat like a butterfly to a board. Ned slowly unfolded his arms and began to lean towards her. Panic held her frozen.

‘You bit me.’ He announced baldly. ‘Not even as a child did anyone do that.’

Words finally tumbled from her mouth. ‘I’m so sorry. I’ve never bitten anyone before. I don’t know what came over me. You were holding me so tight and I couldn’t speak and… and….’

Her voice trailed away and her eyes filled. She gulped, wishing she had the strength to run away and hide.

He began in a conversational tone, no sign of his former anger apparent. ‘What to do you suggest I do? If one behaves like a spoilt brat should they not expect to be punished like one?’

‘Yes. I deserve to be beaten and give you permission to do so.’ Her voice was little more than a whisper.

‘My dear, I don’t need your permission. It’s my right to administer whatever punishment I think appropriate.’ Penny closed her eyes and waited, not bothering to search for a handkerchief to wipe away her tears. ‘However,’ he continued, ‘I’ve never struck a woman or child and don’t intend to do so now, however richly you deserve it.’

Her eyes flew open in astonishment. ‘You don’t wish to beat me?’

He smiled, his eyes alight with amusement. ‘I didn’t say I had no wish to beat you - I said that I wasn’t going to. There’s a distinct difference, my love. And you would do well to remember it.’

He stretched out and lifted her from the sofa. This time she didn’t struggle. He nuzzled her ear and her pulse raced. Did he have a different kind of penalty in mind?

Placing his mouth directly over her ear he whispered softly. ‘Be very sure, my dear, if you ever behave in such a way again I shall not hesitate to administer a spanking that will leave you unable to sit in comfort for a week.’

‘I promise I shall be a model of propriety in future.’ She wriggled, uncomfortably aware that she was in desperate need of relief. ‘Please could you put me down? I need to go ….’ She stopped, her face fiery, appalled that she had been about to mention something so indelicate.

Without argument he placed her on the floor. ‘I shall wait for you, Penny. There’s something we need to discuss before this evening.’

She nodded, too embarrassed to reply. She turned, receiving a hard slap on her bottom to assist her on her way. She heard him chuckling hatefully as she rubbed the smarting area in the privacy of her bedchamber.

She returned to her sitting-room, face scrubbed clean and hair tidy, to discover the room empty. She looked at the bracket-clock and realized she had been absent for almost twenty minutes. Far too long to expect a lord to stand about. Disappointed, she walked to the window to stare across the garden.

It was too late to go down for tea and too early to dress for dinner. She would read her romance novel – this was one that had been recommended by her aunt. The book was entitled Pride and Prejudice and the librarian had told her it was very highly thought of by all the ladies who had borrowed it before her.

She was curled up comfortably on the window seat when there was a knock on the door. Before she had time to answer the door swung open and Ned appeared.

‘Good – I apologize for deserting you but I had business to attend to. Put your novel away, Penny, I wish to talk to you.’

Obediently she replaced her bookmark and closed the pages. ‘I must beg your pardon for being so long. I was disappointed you had not waited to speak to me.’

He strolled across and placing one finger under her chin tilted her head and brushed her lips with a gentle kiss. ‘Sweetheart, may I join you here? Or shall we move to the sofa?’

‘There’s ample room on this window seat if I sit straight.’ She prepared to remove her feet from under her. He prevented her by folding his length into the available space. Then he took her legs and rested them across his lap. She was certain having her limbs so close to his nether regions was not acceptable in polite circles, but was content to leave things as they were.

‘Ned, what is it you have to say that’s so urgent it cannot wait?’

He ran his fingers lightly across her shins sending shockwaves of delight spiralling up her legs. Should she remove herself from his reach? When he was touching her she was unable to think clearly and was certain if her abigail walked in and saw them, she would be deeply shocked.

‘I’ve asked Mr Weston to act as your escort when I’m unable to be at your side myself. I’m still not certain you’re safe from harm. I’ve important estate business to attend to and cannot spend as much time with you as I should like. I hope this meets with your approval.’

His back was resting in the corner of the embrasure opposite, his booted feet were crossed casually at the ankles and his cream breeches clung to his thighs emphasizing their solidity. She couldn’t tear her gaze away and failed to answer. His fingers tensed.

‘This won’t do, my love. I’ll find myself taking shameful advantage if you continue to look at me like that.’

Her head was heavy, as if her neck was too slender to support it. Slowly she looked up to meet his quizzical gaze. ‘I don’t understand what happens to me whenever I’m near you. I feel so strange, as if I have a fever.’ Her mouth curved mischievously. ‘I’m beginning to suspect that you’re making me unwell. Perhaps we shouldn’t continue with this engagement? I’m sure you don’t wish to acquire an ailing wife.’

‘Perish the thought!’ Abruptly he pushed her legs aside and stood up. ‘As soon as we’re man and wife, I promise you, my darling girl, I’ll cure what ails you. Believe me I’m as afflicted as yourself.’

She scrambled from her perch to join him. ‘You asked me something earlier, but I cannot quite recall what it was.’

‘I told you James will be your escort when I’m not available myself.’ He smiled and her toes curled in her stockings. ‘The matter’s not open for debate: that was a rhetorical question. As you are no doubt aware I’m the lord and master here.’

She dipped in a low curtsy. ‘I’m yours to command, my lord.’

‘I agree that you’re mine, my love, but I’m not sure how true the second statement is.’

‘Are you suggesting that I’m disobedient? Surely not! I’m the epitome of docility and would not dare to go against your wishes.’

‘As I’ve said several times before, sweetheart, you’re a baggage. I’ll see you in the drawing-room at seven o’clock.’ With a nod and a wave he was gone, leaving the room feeling empty.



Several days later Penny was waiting outside the house with Mr Weston. They were discussing where to go for her morning ride.

‘It’s good of you to accompany me, Mr Weston. I’m sure you have better things to do than jaunt around the countryside with your cousin’s betrothed.’

The young man bowed his head. ‘On the contrary, Miss Coombs, I am only sorry you have not felt the need to ask me until now.’

The clatter of horses being led around from the stables interrupted their conversation. Billy and Fred, Penny’s own grooms, followed behind the stable boys.

Mr Weston stepped forward. ‘There’s no need for either of you to accompany us. Miss Coombs will be quite safe in my company.’

Billy looked to Penny for confirmation. She nodded. ‘We’re only riding in the woods. It’s perfectly safe and two of our carriage horses need shoeing. Lady Dalrymple and I wish to drive to Ipswich tomorrow so it’s essential the horses are ready.’

‘Very well, miss.’ Billy touched his cap politely and with Fred close behind returned to the stables.

Penny collected her reins, bending her leg to allow Mr Weston to assist her into the saddle. By the time she had the skirt of her habit arranged and her foot firmly in the single stirrup iron, her companion was mounted and waiting to leave.

Phoenix was, as usual, skittish and eager and Penny needed all her skill to remain aboard. Laughing she called. ‘Shall we gallop round the park first?’

‘I’ve a better idea. Follow me.’ Without waiting for her reply, Mr Weston shortened his reins and his gelding shot off towards the path that led to the beach. Penny had no alternative, if she didn’t wish to be left behind, but to follow.

They thundered down the path and she saw they were heading in the direction of the bridge across the fast flowing river. She wasn’t sure she wished to go there again, but had no option. She called out to Mr Weston, but her words were carried away by the wind.

Eventually the horse in front slowed its pace and she was able to bring Phoenix alongside. ‘Mr Weston, I believe Lord Weston didn’t wish me to leave the park.’

‘He didn’t say so to me. I believe his only stipulation was that you remain within the confines of Headingly. Ned’s land stretches several more miles in each direction so we’re well within the estate.’ He smiled. ‘However, if you’ve no wish to continue in this direction, I’m yours to command. Shall we turn back and continue our ride through the woods in the other direction?’

‘No, now we’re so close it would be a shame not to go on.’ Penny patted the steaming neck of her horse. ‘But I must warn you, Mr Weston, Phoenix doesn’t like crossing bridges of that sort. You’ll have to take the lead.’

‘If you wish, you can walk across and I’ll lead your horse.’

What an idea! ‘That won’t be necessary, thank you. If I can’t persuade him to take me then I shall take him.’

They rode side-by-side chatting companionably and she was glad she’d agreed to this excursion. Ned had said there were smugglers using his beach – she had never seen such a person and rather thought it would be thrilling to do so. She was smiling to herself at her absurdity when he spoke.

‘Miss Coombs, do you care to share the cause of your amusement?’

‘I was thinking that I should like to meet the smugglers who use this beach, which is nonsense, of course. No self-respecting free-trader would be abroad in day time, would they?’

‘Indeed not! What makes you think there’re smugglers? I haven’t heard that they’re in this area.’

‘Well, when I was here last time I found a French coin on the bridge. That’s proof enough, surely?’

The path widened and the sound of the river racing towards the sea was clearly audible. Phoenix tossed his head nervously. ‘Don’t be silly; you’ve nothing to fear. The bridge is perfectly safe.’

‘Are you sure you wish to remain mounted, Miss Coombs? Your horse seems a little unsettled by the noise of the water.’

She nodded. ‘If you cross, I’ll follow. Your beast is calm and can set a good example.’

Mr Weston approached the narrow wooden bridge and she almost wished his horse would refuse to cross, that the whole expedition could be abandoned. She was disappointed as the grey walked on to the structure without hesitation.

Mr Weston reined in and turned to call back to her. ‘Bring Phoenix along now, Miss Coombs. The closer he is to Trojan the easier it will be to persuade him to the other side.’

Sitting deep in her saddle she urged her horse forward. To her delight Phoenix walked on to the bridge without hesitation. Mr Weston had been correct in his assumption. The grey walked on and she followed. She hadn’t realized when she’d crossed the bridge on foot that a rider was well above the safety of the wooden railing. She swallowed nervously as she glanced sideways and saw how far it was to the water below.

Phoenix, sensing her unease, stopped and his ears went back. ‘Go on, stupid animal, it’s only a bridge.’ She urged him on knowing her anxiety had caused his hesitation. The horse responded and began to move again. She looked ahead and saw, to her surprise, Trojan had increased his pace and was almost off the bridge. Why had Mr Weston not waited for her?

‘Come along, Phoenix, we don’t wish to be left behind.’

As she spoke, her horse reared up and lurched sideways. She clung to his mane and threw her weight forward, trying to force him down. His front hoofs had barely touched the planks when for a second time he whinnied and shied. This time he crashed into the railing and the wood splintered. She was catapulted from the saddle and plummeted towards the raging torrent below.





Chapter Fourteen





Ned wasn’t happy. ‘What the hell are you two doing here? Did I not give you orders to accompany Miss Coombs everywhere she went?’

Billy turned his cap in his hands, not daring to raise his head and to meet Ned’s basilisk stare. ‘Mr Weston insisted we weren’t needed, my lord. He said as Miss Coombs would be quite safe with him.’

‘And Miss Coombs said that we should go ahead and take the carriage horses to the smithy as she’ll be needing them tomorrow,’ Fred chimed in.

He ground his teeth. First it was their mistress who ran roughshod over his authority and now it was her minions. ‘Get out of my sight.’ The two men slunk away, but he called them back. ‘Wait! In which direction did they go?’

‘Miss Coombs said they were riding in the woods but that’s not the direction they took. I saw them take the path over there, my lord. I’m not sure where that leads to.’ Billy pointed and Ned followed his finger.

He smiled. Penny had decided to go down to the beach. This was closer than Home Woods; with any luck he would be able to ride back with them. He shouted to Reynolds and Perkins to saddle up and accompany him. He hadn’t had time to have the area adjacent to the bridge searched for further evidence of the damn smugglers. Now was the ideal opportunity to put that right; he could direct his men and spend time with his favourite person. His wedding could not come soon enough. It was becoming damnably difficult to keep his distance, whenever Penny was in his arms he felt like a stripling again, not the jaded lover he had become.

Mounted on Bruno, his men behind, he cantered across the grass and on to the path that eventually led down to the beach. As they approached the clearing in front of the bridge his eyes narrowed and he pressed his horse into a gallop. There could be only one reason why the railings on one side were smashed. There had been a terrible accident.

Wrenching his stallion to a rearing halt he flung himself from the saddle and raced to the bridge. Standing precariously on the ruined structure he searched the banks on either side for any sign of life. There was no sign of horses or riders. Desperately he shouted out their names.

‘Penny. Penny. Can you hear me? James. James. Are you down there?’ His voice ricocheted across the chasm. He received no reply.

Perkins arrived at his side. ‘Something havey-cavey about this, sir. Look across the river, them bushes looks as if they’ve been disturbed, and not by no rabbits neither.’

For a moment Ned was unable to accept the evidence before his eyes. It was too awful to contemplate. One, or both, of the horses had crashed through the wooden side of the bridge and plunged thirty feet into the icy torrent below. He prayed it hadn’t been Penny. Wearing a heavy skirted riding-habit would mean certain death. Not even the strongest swimmer could stay afloat dragged down by that weight. Whatever had happened he must be strong and not stand dithering like a coward.



In the few moments Penny had before she hit the water she was aware a massive shape was hurtling down beside her. Phoenix had fallen too. She hit the water backwards, giving her precious seconds to take a deep breath and shut her mouth before the river closed over her head.

She was tumbled head over heels, her skirts blanketing her head, pushing her down. Frantically she kicked her feet clawing at the sodden material, trying to find the strength to reach the surface before her breath was exhausted.

She managed to release one hand and grabbing a fold of skirt, wrenched it down and her other hand came free. She prayed that, with both arms to assist her, she could fight her way up and take a gulp of air. From somewhere she found the strength to resist the deadly pull of her habit and for a brief, lifesaving moment, her face broke the surface of the water.

Only a miracle could save her. She was going to be dragged under again and this time wouldn’t be able to swim up. She drew in what she believed would be her final breath and closed her eyes. As she started to sink she remembered she wasn’t alone in the river, her horse was swimming strongly just ahead of her.

His tail! If she could grab it he would pull her to safety. She threw herself forward and her flailing hands succeeded. She twisted the wiry hair around her wrists and hung on, knowing this was the miracle she’d prayed for.

She was towed behind the powerful animal as he swam, unbothered by the extra weight, towards the bank. Her knees bumped against the river bed and she was safe. Half drowned and frozen she stumbled behind her horse until he stopped.

Forcing her eyes open she saw she was kneeling a mere yard from the bank. Had Phoenix sensed he might injure her by heaving himself out of the water? She attempted to unravel her hands from his tail, but for some reason they refused to function. Was she to perish so close to safety?

‘Miss Coombs, Miss Coombs, hang on a moment longer. I shall be with you. For God’s sake don’t let go.’

That was Mr Weston’s voice. Her remaining strength was ebbing. He was here to take care of her now. Vaguely she was aware of splashing and then he lifted her from the water; her ordeal was almost over. She heard him babbling over and over. ‘I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I should have jumped in after you but I cannot swim and then we both would have drowned.’

She hadn’t the strength to answer. She could no longer fight the blackness that was sweeping over her.



‘We must get down there. There’s a path that runs along the riverbank on the far side. I’ll take that. Perkins, try and find a way down this side. Reynolds, come with me.’

Ned pounded across the bridge his footsteps echoing hollowly on the wood. It would be foolhardy to attempt to take the horses across. Without the support of the railing it might well collapse. With his man at his heels he forced his way through the undergrowth and within moments was on the narrow sandy path.

He ran, knowing every second counted. As he raced he scanned the water and the far bank, but there was no sign of either his cousin or Penny. A solid lump of fear settled in his throat. If anything happened to his darling girl his life would be meaningless. Without her he might as well be dead. He knew with a piercing certainty that if he lost her he would never marry another even if it meant his estates and title were forfeit on his demise.

He rounded the bend; there was Trojan, his cousin’s grey, standing unharmed by the river’s edge. His pain as he realized the significance of this doubled him up. He couldn’t go on. He didn’t want to know for certain that Penny was dead. He received an ungentle shove in the back.

‘No, sir. It’s not what you think. Look. Ahead of us. On the bank - it’s Mr Weston and he has Miss Coombs safe in his arms.’ Reynolds had seen what he hadn’t.

Ned straightened his heart exploding with joy. James was sitting on the edge holding Penny wrapped snugly in his topcoat. ‘James – thank God! I thought you both dead.’ With renewed vigour he bounded towards them. ‘She’s alive. She’s alive.’ He repeated to himself, his eyes filling as he sent his thanks to the Almighty.

James shouted back. ‘Miss Coombs is alive, Ned, but only just. If we don’t get her out of these sodden garments and into the warm she might still succumb to congestion of the lungs.’

‘Here, James, let me remove her skirt and jacket. Without those she will be much warmer.’ He was surprised his normally quick thinking cousin hadn’t reasoned this out for himself. ‘Penny, sweetheart, I’m here to take you home. Stay awake, my love, you must not go to sleep, not yet, not until you’re warm and dry.’

Expertly he unbuttoned her skirt knowing she would have another, made of lighter stuff, underneath. Within five minutes he had removed her outer garments and enveloped her in his own coat. Perkins steadied his arm as he swayed to his feet holding his precious burden tight against his chest.

‘Ned? Phoenix saved me. I should have drowned if he hadn’t towed me to safety.’ Her voice was so faint he barely heard her words.

‘You’re safe now, sweetheart. I’ll have you home in no time.’ He turned to Reynolds. ‘Assist Mr Weston, he must be exhausted too. You’ll have to ride along the beach and come home through the village as the bridge isn’t safe for horses. Ride the chestnut, but take it slowly, the poor beast is almost done.’

Knowing his orders would be followed he retraced his steps, talking softly all the while, forcing her to respond. Perkins was waiting at the bridge to escort him over.

‘This is a bad business, my lord, the railings had been tampered with. That’s why they gave way. And some bastard was hiding in them bushes. This was no accident, I’m certain sure of that.’

‘I half suspected as much. This bridge is regularly maintained. Stay here and have a look around. I’ll send more men out to help you and carpenters to mend the railings.’

Reluctantly he handed Penny to his man whilst he vaulted into the saddle. ‘Here, give her to me.’ He settled her safely across the pommel and nodded. ‘Take care, we’re dealing with something here I don’t understand. How can the traitor believe by killing Miss Coombs will divert attention? It makes no sense, but I’ll fathom it out and when I do, I’ll kill whoever did this.’



Penny heard his words and knew this was no idle threat. She was so cold; maybe if she wriggled closer, his body would warm her. She shifted and his arms tightened.

‘Darling, keep still, Bruno isn’t accustomed to a double burden.’

She buried her face in his mangled stock. He smelt of damp and sweat and…. she breathed in deeply… yes, she had it now. There was a faint hint of lemon. She loved his smell. She sighed. She loved him - every bit of him. She began to feel far warmer than before. For some reason her blood was racing round her body and she turned her head to gaze up heavy-eyed. His eyes blazed and darkened. She saw his cheeks flush and then he swore.

‘Bloody hell! Don’t look at me like that, darling. Bruno will have us both pitched to the floor in a moment.’

She stared longingly at his mouth. She wanted to feel it pressing against her own. She had so nearly died and only his passion could melt the ice of fear. ‘Kiss me, darling. I’ll not feel safe until you do.’

‘I will, my love, but not right now. As soon as we’re back and you’re warm and dry I promise I’ll be at your side and you shall have your kiss.’

‘I’m burning up – and my clothes are almost dry. Couldn’t we stop for a while?’

‘Don’t tempt me! However warm you think you are, I know different. You’re frozen; the cold’s seeping through my shirt. The heat’s an illusion, my dear, caused by your desire.’

Suddenly she was too tired to argue, she shivered and he drew her closer. She was more asleep than awake for the remainder of the journey and was barely aware of being handed down to another and then being restored to her rightful place.

There was the murmur of voices and loud exclamations and cries of distress. Was someone hurt? Had there been another accident? Then the softness of her bed was beneath her limbs, but she didn’t open her eyes. Mary removed her wet clothes and then Penny was wrapped in something soft and warm. How blissful to be so snug and comfortable at last.

‘Don’t go to sleep, Penny. A bath is being prepared for you and a hot drink is on its way.’

Ned was back. She answered sleepily. ‘As long as it’s not alcohol, it will be very welcome.’ The blankets parted and someone began to rub one foot. Her eyes flew open. ‘What are you doing? Ned, you must not, Aunt Lucy will be here at any moment.’

‘I’m showing your maid how to restore the blood to your extremities, nothing indelicate. Your temperature has fallen drastically and without this treatment you could become extremely ill. Your maid is standing right beside me, watching my every move. ‘

She was so tired. Being almost drowned was an exhausting experience. Why wouldn’t he let her sleep? He had a penchant for pummelling her. Gradually a tingling feeling spread along her ankle and up her calf. Mary took over the task and she was able to relax. It made her feel decidedly odd having him so close to her when she was unclothed beneath the blanket.

Her bedchamber door opened and closed; he had gone. Not a moment too soon as her aunt hurried in.

‘Good heavens, my dear, whatever next! This is your second accident involving water in less than a week. It is a good thing Mr Weston was able to swim out and save you.’

‘But he didn’t, Aunt Lucy. I managed to grab hold of Phoenix’s tail and he towed me to safety. Poor Mr Weston was beside himself with anxiety, but was unable to jump in as he can’t swim. I believe we should keep this between ourselves. He’s a kind man and I don’t wish to embarrass him. He waded out and carried me to the edge, without his assistance I shouldn’t have been able to clamber up the bank.’

Aunt Lucy came round to sit on the far side of the bed, leaving Mary free to continue her rubbing. ‘Well, everyone thinks that he saved you and he has not denied it. Although when I think about it he did say that your horse had played a part.’

Penny glanced at her maid. ‘Make sure that our version of events is what is talked about downstairs, Mary.’

‘Of course, miss. It’s not Mr Weston’s fault he can’t swim. Not many folk can, and I don’t blame them. Water is nasty cold stuff unless it’s in a bath tub.’ Mary, her task completed, folded the red flannel around Penny and drew over a warm quilted coverlet. ‘There, miss. You stay put until I have your bath ready.’

Penny grinned. ‘I can hardly do anything else, wrapped up like an Egyptian mummy.’ Her aunt smoothed the covers and Penny could see tears glittering in her eyes. ‘Please, Aunt Lucy, don’t be upset. I have had three brushes with danger and death and you know what everyone says?’

‘What is that, my dear?’

‘That things go in threes, Aunt Lucy. Now I shall be safe.’

‘I’m wondering, my dear, if we should return to Nettleford for the time being. No such accidents befell you there. We can return for the ball, of course.’

‘And my wedding to Lord Weston? Are you having second thoughts about that?’

‘No, but I do consider an engagement of scarcely three weeks is indecently short. Perhaps it would be better to postpone your marriage until later in the year.’

Penny was about to tell her elderly relative that even two weeks was too long. That she was eager to spend her nights with Ned learning the joys of being a wife. She would be wise to keep such information to herself – this admission might cause her aunt to have an apoplexy!

‘I think you’ll find Lord Weston would not allow it. He’s determined we shall be man and wife as soon as the banns are called.’

‘Very well, I shall not interfere. By the by, Penelope, Weston asked me to tell you he would be up to see you later this afternoon. You are to send word when you wish to receive him.’

A long soak in hot water completed the job of restoring her circulation. Penny insisted she would get dressed again and Mary could not persuade her otherwise. She consumed a hearty luncheon brought to her on a tray and by two o’clock was more than ready to see her beloved.

The all too familiar heat was travelling around her body as she recalled his promise. Was that why he asked her to send for him? She glowed in anticipation and wished she hadn’t insisted on wearing a long sleeved tea dress with a decidedly demure neck line.

‘Mary, I shan’t require you until I dress for dinner later.’

The maid bobbed a curtsy and with a rustle of starched petticoats she returned to her duties elsewhere. Penny stretched out on the chaise-longue, carefully arranging her skirts to cover her ankles. It wouldn’t do to give him too much encouragement.

She was still smiling at the thought, when the expected knock came on her door. ‘Come in, Ned.’





Chapter Fifteen





Ned watched his butler’s bushy eyebrows shoot up in shock at his disreputable appearance and decided he had better return to his chambers and put on a fresh neck cloth and jacket. Upsetting Foster had repercussions! The last time he had ignored such a gesture, his dinner had appeared cold for three nights in a row. He had been intending to go straight from Penny’s apartment to the stables to get things organized.

‘I need a fresh stock and another coat,’ he shouted as he entered his rooms. His valet was waiting with both items by the time he got to his dressing-room. ‘Make sure Mr Weston has everything he needs. His man is totally inept.’

That was as close to a compliment as he got. The valet bowed and stepped back to allow him to continue on his way.

He arrived in the stable-yard to discover Phoenix tied to the iron ring outside his loose box. Two stable boys were busy rubbing him dry with handfuls of folded straw. He noticed the grey James rode was in his box contentedly munching his feed. It hadn’t taken as long as he’d anticipated for them to return along the beach.

Perkins met him, touching his forelock politely. ‘My lord, come and look at this. See what you think.’

Ned examined the chestnut horse. There was no mistake. The animal had two deep cuts on his left rump. ‘A catapult and stones, do you think, Perkins?’

‘Something like that, sir. Poor beast had no chance. With the railings tampered with, when he shied sideways, he would have lost his balance.’

‘How could the attackers know Miss Coombs would be riding over the bridge that morning? I doubt they would have hidden there every day on the off chance.’ His expression darkened and he glared around the yard. Every groom and stable boy became feverishly occupied. ‘We’ve an informant in this yard, Perkins. There’s no other way they could have known.’

He drew his man aside, away from prying ears. ‘Find out who it is. It will be one of the younger men, no doubt up to his ears in debt and prepared to take dirty money in order to clear himself.’

Perkins shook his head doubtfully. ‘Beggin’ your pardon, my lord, but I doubts anyone working here would risk their position for a bit extra. I reckon there’s someone watching the stables and the house and it’s them what takes the message.’

‘I hope you’re right. Get the men to check for evidence of hidden watchers, but also make a few discreet enquiries, see if any of the grooms have had an unexpected windfall lately.’

‘I’ll do that. It’s going to be a high tide and a full moon next week. We’ll have to keep our eyes peeled for the next ten days.’

‘Indeed. I want four men with Miss Coombs wherever she goes, even when she’s in the park. I’ve no idea why she’s been targeted, but until we’ve captured the traitor and his gold we’ll have to be extra vigilant.’ He beckoned Reynolds over. ‘Ride to Ipswich and ask the militia to make their presence felt along the beach and the surrounding area.’

He instructed Perkins to take several men to search the area around the bridge and sent a message to his estate manager to arrange for the immediate repair of the railings. Satisfied he’d done all that was necessary he returned to his study to write a letter summoning Major Carstairs. He needed a second opinion on this matter. For the first time in his life his full attention was not on the task. How could he concentrate on government business when Penny appeared to be in mortal danger? The missive was complete when Foster tapped at the door. At last - Penny was ready to see him.



The door opened and Penny felt excitement ripple through her already overheated body. She had been in company of other more handsome men but it was only her darling Ned who made her feel like this.

Her smile of welcome appeared to have the same effect on him. His eyes reflected his desire and she revelled in her power. ‘Ned, come and sit next to me. There’s plenty of room.’ She bent her knees to give him the space he needed.

He shook his head as he ran his finger around his stock. ‘No, sweetheart. I think it would be unwise for us to be within touching distance. I have serious matters to discuss with you.’

He collected the same upright chair he had used a day or so ago, but this time he swung it round and straddled it.

Her pleasure in the moment began to fade at his sober expression. ‘What is it? Have you more bad news?’

‘What I’m going to tell you is in the strictest confidence. It must never leave this room. Both our lives depend on it.’

She forgot her coquettish behaviour and placed her feet firmly on the carpet, her face as serious as his. ‘I promise. Whatever you reveal, I’ll not pass it on, even to Aunt Lucy.’

‘Good girl. I’m not what I seem; I’m a government agent and have been so since my majority. That is why I’ve never set up my nursery. A man in my position can’t allow himself to be distracted.’

‘Is that why you left me so abruptly in London? You were called away?’

He grinned ruefully. ‘As I’m being totally honest, my dear, I’m forced to admit that I never had any intention of offering for you last season. I used you as cover.’

She stared at him, appalled. She drew breath to comment and he raised his hand in supplication. ‘Please, sweetheart, hear me out without interruption. I have more to confess. I wish to get matters absolutely straight between us.’

‘Very well, I shall be silent until the end.’

‘I selected you from the list of debutantes precisely because you’re intelligent as well as beautiful. Even for King and country I couldn’t spend my time escorting a ninnyhammer. When I was asked to root out the traitor believed to be travelling with this balloon party it was suggested I renewed my association with you, letting people believe I was about to make an offer.’

She had heard enough. Whatever she had promised she’d no intention of hearing any more. She jumped up, tears of anger and disappointment glittering in her eyes. He faced her and she knew he wouldn’t let her run away.

‘Sit down, Penny. You must hear the whole before you decide if you wish to break the connection between us.’

She subsided, her face stony. Whatever he told the next, her mind was made up. She would have none of him. However much she loved him he had treated her abominably.

He resumed his story, his face watchful. ‘I’m convinced the traitor is Count Everex.’ He rested his chin on his folded arms and fixed her with his penetrating stare. ‘I agreed reluctantly to set up a house party and invite both you and Ducray. However, everything changed when I saw you again. Before I realized what was happening I was head over ears in love with you.’

He reached across to capture her hand; she was tempted to snatch it back. ‘Please, don’t look at me like that. I love you. You’re the most important thing in my life. I have already written my letter of resignation and I intend to devote my life to you and any children we might have together.’

Her heart melted. His every word rang with sincerity. How many other men would be brave enough to admit their faults? She sprang to her feet and before he could refuse her she was on his lap with her arms tightly wound around his neck. ‘I forgive you, Ned. You used me abominably, but at least it wasn’t for personal gain. And, my love, you have a promise to keep.’

She tipped her face and his lips covered hers in a tender kiss, she pressed herself closer. Eventually he called a halt. He stood up, placing her firmly away from him. ‘Sweetheart, that’s enough. If we continue making love like this I shall lose control. Holding you in my arms is exquisite torture. I ache to take this to its conclusion – as I’m sure you’re aware.’

Penny had no idea to what he was referring. Her knowledge of what actually took place between man and his wife was sketchy. She had seen animals mating but could not credit that the same extraordinary practice occurred between human kind.

‘Sit down in the window seat with me, my love. As usual you distracted me and there are still things we must talk of.’

She took the place he indicated and he sat sideways, the tails of his coat flicked aside to rest across his lap. She supposed he didn’t wish to crease them. When she was comfortable he returned to the subject of his government work.

‘As I told you, I’m convinced the Frenchman is the traitor. It’s he who is orchestrating these attacks on you.’

‘Attacks? Are you saying that today’s incident was no accident? That someone deliberately caused Phoenix to rear and throw us into the river?’

‘I’m afraid that I am. Until this matter is resolved I must ask you to stay within sight of the house. The trip to Ipswich tomorrow must be postponed.’

‘Of course, I’ll do everything you ask. We will defeat the evil that’s stalking us. The count cannot be working alone. Who else is involved in this, Ned?’

‘Smugglers, my dear. There are many of them hereabouts and any one would happily slit your throat for a gold coin. Thousands of gold coins are involved in this.’

By the time he had explained everything she knew exactly what she could do to help.

‘Allow me to charm the count; he’s a venial man and has already made overtures to me. If I pretend to be interested in his flirtation then it’s possible he will inadvertently reveal his true self.’

‘And it’s possible that he will murder you. I absolutely forbid you to attempt any such thing. It’s far too dangerous.’

‘I’m not suggesting I promenade with him alone. I thought I could spend time with him after dinner, and over the supper tray. I’m not a goose. I should do all this in full view of your guests.’

He laughed. ‘In which case I agree – you may try and charm some information from him. But, have you considered how the rest of the house party might view your antics? Don’t you think they might expect me to call him out?’

‘Now you’re being silly. I shall do no more than I’ve seen the other ladies do when they have been conversing with him. A little fan fluttering and a few fulsome compliments was all I had in mind.’

He patted her knees and stood up. ‘I must take my leave, darling. Remember what we’ve spoken about is a secret between us. The gold bullion is expected to arrive before the high tide next week. Until then we must be extra vigilant.’

‘Thank you for taking me into your confidence, Ned. I don’t believe there’s a man anywhere in England who would have done the same. I consider myself privileged to be part of this and blessed to be marrying you.’

He hesitated and his eyes burned with passion, but somehow he found the strength to turn away and didn’t speak until he was opening the door. ‘I’m the luckiest man in Christendom to have such a woman at my side. I promise you, my love, that when this wretched business is over I shall show you just how happy you make me.’





That evening Penny chose to wear the same evening gown that had prompted Ned to declare himself. Then she had been so caught up in the announcement of her engagement, she had been unaware of anyone apart from him. Tonight it would be different. She was like an actress in a play; whatever she did would be done by someone else. She was going to perform her part as an irresponsible young lady to perfection.

Knowing she looked her best she didn’t bother to check her appearance before gliding downstairs, her eyes sparkling with excitement. She could hardly believe she was the only one who knew the austere and irascible Lord Weston was in fact a government agent. He had trusted her with his secret, indeed, possibly with his life and she wouldn’t let him down.

What would dear Aunt Lucy make of her behaviour? Her reputation for being a well-brought up young lady could well be in tatters by the end of this evening. It didn’t occur to her that when Ned had agreed to her forming a liaison with the handsome young Frenchman, he hadn’t actually believed she would have the courage to carry it out.

She nodded regally at the two footmen waiting to direct the guests out on to the lantern-lit terrace. Ned had not told her they were to gather outside tonight. She hadn’t brought her diaphanous Indian silk wrap and the deeply cut neckline and short cap sleeves of her gown would offer no protection from the chill of the evening.

She beckoned one of the footmen over. ‘Kindly go to my chambers and ask my maid to bring down my wrap.’

The young man bowed and vanished through an invisible door in the wall. She smiled and shook her head. Would she ever get used to the way the staff appeared and disappeared as if by magic? She sound of tinkling crystal and voices was drifting in through the open French doors of the drawing-room.

She walked gracefully across the elegant room and yet another servant bowed her through the door and out on to the terrace. She wasn’t the last to arrive neither the count, nor Mr Weston was amongst the people chatting and drinking champagne.

‘Sweetheart, you look ravisante.’ Ned took her hands and raised them to his mouth. The desire in his eyes made her knees tremble. How was she going to pretend she was interested in any one else when she burned for him?

‘And you look wonderful as well. Black and white doesn’t suit every gentleman – but on you evening dress looks magnificent.’ His throat convulsed and she winced as her fingers were crushed. Instantly he released her.

‘I apologize, my love. You see how even a compliment from you affects me.’ He pulled her arm through his and led her over to join his guests. All the conversation was about her narrow escape and whether she was fully recovered from her experience. She was heartily sick of the subject and was relieved when Ned excused himself and went across to talk to a guest, leaving her to her own devices.

The count had arrived shortly after her and was watching her from the edge of the circle. This was the perfect opportunity to begin. As she drifted towards him James Weston appeared in the doorway and hesitated, as if reluctant to come in. Was he embarrassed, as she was, by all the attention and feared everyone would be talking about his failure to jump in and save her?

She must reassure him his secret was safe. ‘Mr Weston, how are you this evening? As you can see, I’m fully recovered from my experience. I’m afraid the sole topic tonight is of our exploits.’ She smiled at him. ‘You’re the hero of the hour, and no one, not even Ned will hear anything different from me.’

She saw the relief on his face. ‘Thank you, Miss Coombs. You’re as kind as you are beautiful. You have no champagne. Would you like me to fetch you a glass?’

‘I should love a drink, but not champagne. Lemonade would be delightful, Mr Weston. You shall find me talking to Count Everex.’

She drifted across the terrace, the lantern light making her sarcenet overdress sparkle. Her quarry’s eyes widened in appreciation as she dipped in a formal curtsy before him. ‘Count, I have spent too little time in your company. It’s something I intend to address this evening.’

The Frenchman took her hand and raised it to his lips. Penny held her breath. Would he dare to kiss it? As his mouth grazed her knuckles she felt nothing and had to restrain herself from wiping the area on her skirt. Determined not to display her distaste, she lowered her eyelashes and peeped provocatively through them.





Chapter Sixteen





‘My dear, Miss Coombs, I have been waiting with commendable patience for you to acknowledge my existence. I am yours to command.’ He attempted to gently guide her away from the main group, intending to continue their conversation somewhere less public.

Penny hid her discomfiture under a trilling laugh. ‘La! Count Everex, you speak such excellent English. I would not have known that you are a foreigner.’

‘I attended school in England, Miss Coombs. My education coloured my feelings for your so beautiful country.’ His expression was open but his eyes were hard. She had the distinct feeling the count had not enjoyed his schooldays. Perhaps that was why he was now collecting money to help Bonaparte.

With some relief she saw Mr Weston returning with her drink lemonade.’ She saw his expression change to one of disapproval and she knew she had overdone it. He must think her a widgeon to be simpering and preening to every man in sight.

‘Miss Coombs, allow me to escort you in to dinner.’ Ned’s tone was decidedly chilly and the rigidity with which he held himself filled her with a sense of foreboding.

‘My lord, I’m enacting the part we agreed upon. Was it not our intention for me to inveigle Count Everex to reveal vital information? I’m merely fulfilling my role as your assistant.’ She made sure her voice was so low the couple behind them couldn’t overhear.

The muscles of his forearm relaxed. ‘My dear, I had for the moment completely forgotten your ridiculous suggestion. I wish you had reminded me before you began to flirt so outrageously with someone else.’

‘I do believe that you’re jealous, my lord.’ She squeezed his arm and smiled up at him beguilingly. ‘I can assure you, you’ve no reason to worry on that score. I find his fulsome compliments and touch quiet repellent. It was all I could do not to snatch my hand back when he kissed it.’

‘In that case, my love, you’re forgiven.’

He had no time to finish his sentence as they had processed into the grand dining-room; Foster had decided to place Penny at the far end of the table, in the position reserved for the hostess, as far away from Ned as possible. Disappointed she was unable to continue their têtê-à-têtê, she sat in her designated seat resigned to the fact that, whenever they dined in company, she would be expected to entertain the guests at this end of the table whilst her husband-to-be did his duty at the other.

To her delight she discovered her quarry was to be seated on her right. She would be able to continue her clandestine investigation under the cover of general dinner conversation. She carefully avoided looking directly at Ned knowing he would try and discourage her. He had said her idea was ridiculous! By the end of the evening she had every intention of proving him incorrect.

The count was charming and circumspect and revealed nothing of interest. However, she pretended to be slightly enamoured and agreed to spend further time with him the following evening.

When the final cover was removed and the port about to be placed on the table for the gentlemen, she rose and led the ladies through to the drawing-room. Mrs Remington followed her on to the terrace, her giggling daughters not far behind.

‘Miss Coombs, we do so admire your gown. Such an unusual shade for a young woman, but it is the perfect on you.’ The middle-aged lady nodded vigorously sending her many egret plumes bobbing. ‘Who is your modiste? Surely you don’t have your gowns made up locally.’

‘I do indeed, madam. I should be delighted to pass on her name and whereabouts to you and your daughters.’

The remainder of the evening passed pleasantly and even the return of the gentlemen failed to stop the lively conversation. The ladies decided the following day there should be a picnic to the beach, if the weather stayed clement. It didn’t occur to her to inform Ned of the planned excursion.

Penny had no further contact with either her betrothed or the count, but retired to bed her head full of plans for the coming picnic and the ball that was to precede her marriage. Her aunt and Mrs Weston appeared to have matters well in hand and she was happy to leave it to them. She hadn’t seen her elderly relative so animated for years.



‘Will you join me for a game of billiards, gentlemen?’ Ned asked as he watched his beloved lead the ladies from the drawing-room.

‘If you’ll excuse me, Ned, I’m for my bed. After the exertions of this morning I find myself in need of a good night’s sleep.’

He embraced his cousin. ‘Goodnight, my friend. I shall never forget what I owe you.’

‘It was nothing. No more than any man would have done.’

Ned turned to the other gentlemen. ‘Well, sirs, are you game?’

Followed by Mr Remington, the count and the others, he led the way across the spacious corridor and into the billiard room. He hoped he might be more successful than Penny in his conversations with the Frenchman.

‘Count, Monsieur Ducray does not join us?’

‘No, my lord, he said he had to return to the barn to speak to his men. It appears he received a message earlier that it’s likely the balloon is going to require a new valve in order to repair it and he has gone out to confirm this.’

‘I’m sorry to hear that. I suppose that would mean the enterprise is stalled for the moment? What will you do if you’re no longer needed for a co-pilot in this enterprise?’

‘I’m not intending to stay much longer with the party. I have business in London.’

‘Is it possible you can postpone your journey until after the ball? There’s always a shortage of eligible bachelors on these occasions. I believe Miss Coombs would be quite put out if you go before then.’

‘In that case, I shall accept your kind invitation.’

Ned, satisfied he had achieved his objective, turned his attention to the other gentlemen and soon had a noisy game under way.

Well after three o’clock his guests finally staggered off to bed. As soon as the last of them had bid him a drunken farewell he straightened and his eyes lost their glazed expression. He was confident no one in the group had been aware he was quite sober. His brandy had been surreptitiously tipped into a handsome porcelain vase that stood on a pedestal by the mantelshelf. He’d send the footmen to bed long ago, so the task off extinguishing the many candles fell to him.

During the evening the count had become less guarded and Ned was sure the man didn’t suspect him of being any more than he appeared. The smugglers’ attempts on Penny’s life had to be a cruel diversion. The bastards obviously believed that trying to kill her would take his mind off the next high tide and the prospect of a French ship being able to sail in under cover of darkness.

He made his way to his own apartments on the ground floor at the rear of the house. Being here meant he could come and go through his own exit with no one any the wiser. Pale dawn light was filtering through his shutters when he eventually closed his eyes.



The picnic party gathered in the drawing-room at eleven o’clock. Penny spotted her aunt, resplendent in burgundy cambric, holding court from a high backed chair by the open French doors.

‘Aunt Lucy, this is so exciting. I can’t remember the last time I went on a picnic of any sort and I’ve never been on one so grand.’ She stared around the small group, which included only the four Remington youngsters and the ladies. ‘Where are the gentlemen? Are we to go on this outing unescorted?’

Mrs Remington overheard her comment and called out cheerfully. ‘My dear, Miss Coombs, Remington didn’t go to his bed until dawn and he was a trifle bosky. I think the game of billiards continued well into the night and a great deal of brandy was consumed by all.’ She beamed. ‘I doubt any of them will be abroad before noon at the earliest. We shall have to go on alone and they can join us later.’

Penny frowned. Ned had been quite specific about her not leaving the grounds without his permission and his escort. She glanced round the circle of expectant faces, all eager to leave. How could she explain to them her reasons for delaying? As far as they were concerned she had been involved in a series of unfortunate accidents. Her aunt believed the attempted ambush had been orchestrated by a fortune hunter, but hadn’t been told the balloon and river incidents were more sinister.

She had no choice. She must accompany the group to the beach, but before she left she would write a note to Ned explaining why she had been obliged to leave without him. Good grief! He knew nothing of the picnic, unless one of the other men had mentioned it to him.

‘Mrs Remington, did you tell your husband about the picnic?’

‘No, my dear, I had no opportunity. I left instructions with my maid to tell him as soon as he wakes.’

She looked round the circle of waiting guests. ‘Ladies, did you speak to your husbands about our plans?’ Both ladies shook their heads. ‘I’m not sure if we should leave without any of our men folk to escort us. Lord Weston believes there might be smugglers using his beach.’ Penny hoped the mention of free-traders would scare the ladies sufficiently for them to wish to postpone the picnic until later on.

Unfortunately it had the opposite effect. ‘Smugglers? How thrilling!’ One trilled. ‘I have always wished to meet a smuggler.’

‘I had no idea Lord Weston lived with such excitement on his doorstep. But he’s the local magistrate, is he not?’ Another added, her expression animated. ‘I’m certain this picnic will meet with his approval. No villain will dare to accost us, knowing where we come from.’

She was undecided. Ned was terrifying when he was angry and she had no wish to be on the receiving end of a tongue lashing, or even worse. Her aunt settled the matter for her.

‘Penelope, you refine too much on this matter. We are travelling on Weston’s land at all times, are we not?’ Penny nodded. ‘Very well, as the most senior member of this group it shall be my decision. It is a beautiful, balmy day – far too good to stay indoors when we have the opportunity to spend it sitting by the sea.’

Relieved the decision had not been hers, Penny nodded her acceptance. ‘I shall speak to Foster before we depart. He can inform Lord Weston for me.’

The sound of carriage wheels crunching outside heralded the arrival of their transport. The Remington boys had opted to ride alongside which meant only two open carriages were needed to accommodate the seven ladies.

‘Aunt Lucy, will the picnic travel with us, or have you arranged for the staff to be there to greet us?’

‘I spoke to Brown last night and she has the matter in hand. She suggested a suitable spot and will have sent everything we need ahead of us.’

‘In which case the butler will already be aware of our plans. Nothing happens here without Foster knowing of it. Excuse me, Aunt Lucy, I shall speak to him myself before we leave.’

She rang the bell. ‘Please, everyone, go out and get settled. I shall join you very shortly.’

A footman appeared in answer to her summons. ‘I wish to speak to Foster.’

The elderly retainer appeared with alacrity and Penny made sure the information would be given to Ned as soon as he rose from his bed. Knowing she could do no more she hurried after her guests.

All her reservations vanished when she saw who was to accompany the outing. Her two men, Billy and Fred were there and also Ned’s men, Reynolds and Perkins. There were two footmen standing behind each barouche which meant a total of eight strong men to protect them. Surely even Ned could not object to her going on this picnic now?

To the sound of several parasols being opened the carriages rolled away. Penny settled back against the squabs prepared to enjoy her outing. She was seated next to her aunt. ‘Aunt Lucy, I do hope Lord Weston is not vexed with me for going out without his blessing. He was adamant that I must not go anywhere without his permission.’

‘Fustian! You are not married yet, my girl. He has no right to restrict your movements in this way. I must say I had no idea his ideas on matrimony were so antiquated. I thought him a modern man – that he would allow you to be yourself and not insist on his legal rights.’

This conversation was conducted quietly, making it impossible for the other occupants to overhear.

‘His motives are good, Aunt Lucy. He’s anxious to keep me safe, not cause me any distress.’

Penny wished she could explain why Ned was so worried about her safety, but she was sworn to secrecy.

Her aunt sniffed. ‘Well, my dear, if you are satisfied with how things stand, then it is not for me to criticize.’

Penny was relieved the subject had been dropped. She turned her attention to the other ladies sharing her carriage. The Remington family were travelling alone. Her eyes narrowed, angry her new friends had been slighted in this way. She would ensure that she travelled back with them.

The carriages bowled along the narrow lane screened on one side by a hedge which gave a welcome shade from the sunshine which was already almost too hot for comfort. Glad she had decided to wear her flimsiest muslin and leave her spencer behind, even so she was unpleasantly warm by the time the vehicles slowed to a walk.

‘Miss Coombs, may I speak with you?’ Perkins was alongside and his quiet request went unnoticed by all but Penny.

She swivelled in order to hear him better. ‘Yes, what is it?’

‘To reach the beach you’ll have to walk along a narrow path. The carriages can’t go much further. Beggin’ your pardon, miss, but I’d like you to walk in the centre of the group, that way you have the most protection.’

‘Of course, I’ll do whatever you suggest, Perkins. I know his lordship trusts your judgement and I shall do the same.’ She glanced around nervously. ‘Surely with so many men around us we must be safe?’

His expression was not encouraging. ‘Them as tried to ambush you had rifles, miss, they can hit their target from a distance.’

Hardly reassuring news, but she was determined not to allow this man’s gloom to ruin her day.

‘I’m sure between you I shall be in no danger. I take it the path is only exposed on the side that faces the shore?’ Perkins nodded. ‘In that case if you walk on the other side of us we shall be quite safe.’

The coachman drew the carriage to a smooth halt and the ladies climbed down. Obediently she found a spot between the two Remington girls and the small group set off towards the sea.

‘I can hear the waves breaking on the shore,’ Miss Charlotte Remington squealed. ‘I do so love the water, don’t you, Miss Coombs?’

‘Indeed I do, Miss Charlotte, but I have rarely venture in to swim.’

‘I did,’ Miss Remington said eager to join in the conversation. ‘When we went to Bath last year we all took a dip in the sea. It was most unpleasant and I shall not be repeating the experience.’

Penny laughed. ‘I have had more than enough of cold water these past few days and can quite understand your dislike of being immersed.’

With her aunt leading the group the short walk took rather longer than it should have done and all the ladies were complaining of sand in their slippers by the time they reached their destination.

‘Look at that! How pretty! I should have known Lord Weston’s staff would do us proud.’ Aunt Lucy clapped her hands in delight.

Penny slipped past the others in order to see what her aunt was so pleased with. ‘Good heavens! Tables and chairs, parasols and cushions! We’ve every luxury here.’ She placed her arm under her aunt’s elbow and prepared to lead the way across the sand to the oasis of maidservants and footmen awaiting them at the water’s edge.



‘She’s gone where? God dammit! A bloody picnic. After all I told her about staying close to the house she’s taken all the ladies on a bloody picnic!’ Ned was not amused. In fact he was furious. The last thing he wished to do was gallivant down to the beach and eat a picnic.





Chapter Seventeen





Penny found it hard to relax and enjoy herself. She expected Ned to arrive at any moment in a frightful temper. Perhaps if she spoke to Perkins, made sure he knew she’d had no choice in the matter, he could explain it to him.

She leant across to speak quietly in Aunt Lucy’s ear. ‘I’m going to find Perkins. I’ll be back before they serve the food.’

Her aunt knew why she was anxious. ‘Go ahead, my dear, you are as jumpy as a kitten at the moment. I shall be perfectly content sitting here watching the others paddle.’

The beach was uneven and several times Penny lost her footing and her slippers were soon full of sand. There was nothing for it. She would have to remove her stockings and shoes as the other ladies had. She sat down on a convenient tussock of sea grass and surreptitiously slid one hand along her ankle until her questing fingers reached the ribbon. Deftly untying it she rolled down her right stocking and took it off.

She was in the process of removing the second when there was the thud of hoof beats in the sand. Too late! The gentlemen had arrived. Hastily restoring her skirt so it covered her feet she stood up, her rolled up hosiery tucked into her slippers. It wasn’t Ned; but the count. Her broad smile of relief, that she might still have time to speak to Perkins, was misinterpreted.

The Frenchman rode his mount so close she was obliged to take a hasty step backwards, allowing him to see her bare feet beneath the hem of her dress. He dismounted with his customary elegance and, using the bulk of his horse to screen them from prying eyes, bowed low. As he straightened, he looked from her toes to her crown, a lascivious gleam in his eyes.

Now what had she started? She was mindful to give him a sharp set down for his effrontery, but she didn’t wish to appear standoffish. Perhaps this would be the perfect time to discover his intentions. Gritting her teeth, Penny returned his bow with a deep curtsy, remembering too late that her dress was cut low across the bosom and today she had discarded her fichu.

Her face flushed. She wasn’t finding this dissembling to her taste and wished she had never offered to charm this man for she was in danger of becoming embroiled in something unsavoury.

‘My dear, Miss Coombs, may I say how enchanting you look today. Have you been dipping your pretty toes in the sea?’

‘I was just about to do so, sir, when you interrupted me. Could I ask you to remove your horse?’ She did her best to simper like a silly debutante. ‘The smell, you know, a trifle overpowering in this heat.’

Instantly apologetic for his lapse in manners, the count led his sweating mount away promising to return immediately. This small reprieve gave her the opportunity to pick up her skirt and run down to the waves and mingle with the other ladies. Hopefully here she would be safe from his attentions?

The grey water of the North Sea was cold and brought back unpleasant memories of the near fatal balloon incident. How could the other ladies walk around as though they were enjoying it? ‘Ladies, this is far too unpleasant for me. I am returning to sit with my aunt. The picnic is being set out on the tables as I speak so please join me as soon as you’re ready.’

Her feet were coated with sand by the time she reached her aunt. She scowled down at them, wishing she hadn’t agreed to come on this excursion.

‘Penelope, do not frown, my dear, it does not suit you.’ The old lady chuckled. ‘I believe you had forgotten just how much you dislike having sand between your toes. Sir John and I never brought you to the beach for that very reason. That is why I insisted the picnic be set out on the grass.’

Penny dropped into the chair beside her aunt before answering. ‘I do remember, now you mention it, Aunt Lucy. I sincerely hope Mary has brought the wherewithal to remove this unpleasant gritty substance from my feet.’

Before she had finished her sentence her maid, accompanied by a footman carrying a bamboo screen, and another, with a jug and bowl, approached her. Everything had been thought off. ‘Mary, I can’t tell you how pleased I am to see you. The sooner my feet are clean the happier I shall be.’

The screen was positioned around her chair giving her the necessary privacy whilst her feet were washed and dried. Unfortunately this also hid her from view.



Ned glared at his unfortunate butler. ‘How long ago did the ladies leave, Foster?’

‘They left at eleven o’clock, my lord, over an hour ago.’

His jaw tightened. He didn’t need his butler to tell him how long had elapsed. ‘Are any of the gentlemen about yet?’

‘They are, my lord. They’re in the breakfast parlour.’

He strode down the corridor determined to inflict the misery of a picnic on the rest of his guests. The footman waiting by the door scarcely had time to open it for him. The room was full of the sound of clattering cutlery and loud conversation.

‘Good morning, gentlemen. Did you know that our ladies have taken themselves out for a picnic on the beach?’

One nodded, his mouth too full of ham and coddled egg to answer, and another shrugged as if not surprised by the news. Mr Remington eventually spoke.

‘Yes, Weston, and we’re all aware that we shall be obliged to join them there. I’m in no hurry to do so, I can assure you.’

A general murmur of assent greeted this remark. Glad he wasn’t the only one who found the notion repellent, he grinned. ‘Unfortunately we must make a move quite soon if we’re to arrive before the tide turns and the picnic party is obliged to return.’ Then he noticed one of their party was missing from the table.

‘James, have you seen the count this morning?’

‘I saw him heading for the stable a while ago. Perhaps he is fonder of picnics then the rest of us.’

Ned frowned. He didn’t want that Frenchman anywhere near Penny, but he could hardly dash off having said his guests had time to finish breakfast before leaving. Hiding his disquiet, he strolled to the groaning sideboard and selected a few slices of ham and some bread. As soon as he was seated a footman came over to fill his cup with coffee.

‘Have you heard about the ball and garden party I’m holding to celebrate my marriage?’

He smiled around the table and received looks of commiseration. ‘It won’t be so bad, you know. At least Lady Dalrymple and Mrs Weston are not insisting on costume.’

Remington tossed his napkin on the table. ‘I cannot abide being obliged to dress up like a Roman or some such nonsense. But, we aim to please our ladies. Weston, you’re a lucky man. You have found the perfect match.’

‘Thank you. I’m well aware of my good fortune. I had no intention of marrying until I met Miss Coombs.’ He looked a little shamefaced as he continued. ‘And even then it wasn’t until we renewed our acquaintance I was sure I had made the right decision. I’m a lucky man indeed she was prepared to give me a second chance.’

‘Not giving her the opportunity to change her mind, Weston. And I don’t blame you - I’d not let such a delightful girl get away either.’ Remington pushed back his chair and prepared to leave the breakfast parlour.

‘Shall we convene outside in twenty minutes, gentlemen?’ The assembled guests nodded in agreement.

It was nearer the half hour before the horses cantered out of the park following the lane that the carriages had taken previously. His men had accompanied the ladies to the beach and Ned was feeling more sanguine about the whole episode. Penny could come to no harm surrounded as she was by ladies. He smiled grimly. It would be hard for even the most skilled of marksmen to distinguish his beloved from a group of other similarly dressed women.

The place that had been selected for the picnic was ideal. This was a secluded part of the coastline only accessible by this one path and no self-respecting free-trader would dream of landing his contraband in such a place. In order to reach this particular beach they would have to lead their donkeys within a few hundred yards of Headingly.

In an almost carefree mood he led the group along the narrow lane. Captain Smith and his militiamen had patrolled the shore and found nothing untoward. There were rumours in the coastal villages about an expected visit from a ship bringing French brandy and other illegal items, but so far his spies hadn’t discovered the exact date or whereabouts of this event.

He had spread his net wide and found no trace of any gold or talk of strangers in the vicinity. When they did come, he would be ready for them. He was determined to complete his last mission successfully and then could devote the rest of his life to being a husband and father.

He pulled up and turned in his saddle to speak to the four men riding behind him. ‘Shall we complete this journey along the sand? The tide is out and sand will be perfect for a gallop.’

‘Excellent notion, Weston. My mount is fretting to stretch his legs,’ Remington called back.

A chorus of agreement followed from the other three.

‘Follow me. The path is steep but manageable.’ Ned turned Bruno into a narrow gap between the bushes and moments later he emerged on to the shore. His horse threw his head up and danced sideways in eager anticipation of the treat to come.

He held him back until they had all reached the wet sand. He glanced over his shoulder to check his party was safely behind him before giving Bruno his head. He had defied convention and rode bareheaded. The wind whipped through his hair and his eyes streamed. He scanned the beach, looking for the ladies.

Yes! They were exactly where he’d been told they would be - safely ensconced on the grass that ran along the edge of the sand. The thick hawthorn hedge sheltered them from the wind and also from being seen by anyone lurking in the boggy land that ran behind it. He stood in his stirrups, ready to wave to Penny, but he couldn’t see her.

The other ladies were picking their way back towards the tables and chairs; Lady Dalrymple was talking to one of the maids, but there was no sign of his betrothed. He’d seen the bamboo screen but in his frantic search hadn’t recognized its significance. Where the hell was she? And more to the point, where was that bastard Everex?

Perkins and Reynolds were missing also. This wasn’t good. In fact it was very bad indeed. His heart hammered in his chest and he kicked Bruno hard, urging him faster. He had temporarily forgotten he was being closely followed by four other riders.



Penny heard the galloping horses and jumped up upsetting both the basin and the screen. The chambermaid attempted to grasp it and managed to catch one corner. A sudden gust of wind lifted it into the air and with a scream of despair the girl was forced to let go.

She watched in horror as the flimsy object flew across the beach directly in the path of the approaching riders. Why Ned had chosen to arrive so precipitously she had no idea, but given the speed he was travelling the result was inevitable.

Bruno seeing the screen flying towards him swerved sideways and leaped into the air. His rider flew in the opposite direction. In the resulting confusion Mr Remington and Mr Weston were the only two lucky enough to remain in the saddle.

With her fingers pressed over her mouth to hold back her laughter, she stood and watched knowing it would be foolhardy to venture nearer. Ned was already on his feet and attempting to ring out the water from his jacket. Two of his companions were similarly occupied. What was wrong with Mr Remington and Mr Weston? Why were they both doubled up across the necks of their horses?

They were laughing. She was shaking, tears streaming down her cheeks when the other ladies joined her. Unable to speak through her giggles she gestured wildly towards the group of gentlemen; three wet and horseless, the other two incapable with mirth.

‘Good heavens! Whatever next! My husband never falls from his horse.’ The lady showed no inclination to rush forward and offer her spouse comfort in his hour of need. ‘I do hope he will not wish to sit by me now he is all wet and sandy.’

The second shook her head in disbelief. ‘How did that bamboo screen end up so far away? It’s most vexing - I have no wish to replace my stockings without a modicum of privacy.’

Aunt Lucy called down from her vantage point on the grass above them. ‘The wind took it, my lady, it was that which caused the horses to unseat their riders. Penelope, shall I send a footman to recover it?’

Through her splutters Penny managed to answer. ‘I doubt if it will be any use, but we cannot leave it to spoil the beauty of shore, so yes, please send someone.’ Her voice shook as she added. ‘I should ask for a volunteer, Aunt Lucy. Tell them, whoever is brave enough to go down there and collect it shall be well rewarded.’

She turned to the group of interested spectators. ‘Ladies, I think it would be wise to go and seat ourselves at the tables. Let us leave the chairs down here on the sand for the gentlemen.’

By the time they were settled Perkins and Smith had rounded up the three loose animals and the gentlemen were remounted and heading in their direction. She was grateful to be surrounded by guests and staff. Ned was too much the gentlemen to make his displeasure known in public.

It wasn’t her fault he’d taken a tumble. If he had been travelling at a suitable speed and not thundering down the beach as if he was leading a cavalry charge, none of this would have happened. As the lemonade was being passed around the tables she noticed that one of their number was still absent. Where was Count Everex? She could hardly credit he hadn’t appeared to join in the general amusement.

‘Mrs Remington, have you seen the count anywhere? He arrived some time ago and spoke to me before leaving to tie up his mount.’

‘No, I’m sorry, I haven’t.’ The older lady smiled. ‘I expect Charlotte will know where he is. I believe she has developed an infatuation for him.’ She turned to speak to her daughter who was sitting on her right. ‘Lottie, did you by any chance see where the count vanished to?’

Her daughter blushed and looked uncomfortable. ‘Mama, I don’t know if I should mention it, but I saw him take his horse behind the hedge.’

Mrs Remington looked puzzled. ‘Why should you not mention that, my dear? Is there something you’re not telling us?’

The girl nodded. ‘I shall whisper it to you.’

Penny watched the girl’s head disappear inside the brim of her mother’s bonnet. Although Charlotte whispered Penny heard quite clearly what she said.

‘He did not go alone, Mama, one of the girls went with him.’

Mrs Remington’s shocked exclamation caused several interested heads to turn their way. ‘How scandalous! And I thought him a well-behaved young man.’

The conversation was rudely interrupted by the arrival of three wet and disgruntled gentlemen accompanied by two others, who were dry and in the best of spirits. Ned dropped on to one of the slatted chairs the ladies had left ready for them.

He held out his boot to Perkins who tugged it off. The boot was full of water. The second Hessian was removed and this too was solemnly emptied. A gurgle of laughter welled up inside her. She tried to stifle it by clasping her napkin over her mouth, but the ridiculous sight of her top-of-the-trees betrothed reduced to such a state overcame her. Ned obviously heard as he instantly swivelled. Her desire to laugh tickled away like sand through her fingers as she met his fulminating glare.





Chapter Eighteen





Aunt Lucy had no such qualms. Her bark off merriment was clearly audible to the three wet gentlemen. Penny couldn’t stop herself from joining in. Soon the entire table was hic-cupping and spluttering. Before long the laughed at were laughing too.

Ned made no attempt to replace his boots or stockings but handed them to Perkins. ‘Get these dried out a bit before I return.’ He grinned looking years younger. ‘Try hanging them over the hedge.’ He rose and sauntered up the sandy incline and nimbly hopped on to the grass platform upon which the giggling group of ladies were seated.

Penny stood up and came to meet him, ignoring the interested spectators. ‘My lord, I’m sorry you took a tumble and am relieved that no more than your clothes were damaged.’

‘Apart from my pride, of course.’ He held out his hands and she placed hers in them feeling the rasp of sand on his fingers.

‘Why were you in such a hurry? Were you racing each other?’

He lowered his head in order to speak directly into her ear. ‘No, my love, we were not. I became anxious about your safety as I could see neither you nor the Frenchman.’

She blushed. ‘I was behind the screen ridding my feet of this wretched sand and the count went behind the bushes with one of your maids.’

‘I am relieved that it wasn’t you.’ His tone was playful but she detected a clear warning in his eyes. ‘However, the girl shall be dismissed.’

‘But….’ His raised eyebrow and slight shake of his head made her reconsider her protest. There would be plenty of time to discuss this when they were in private. Instead she grinned down at his bare feet, now liberally encrusted with sand. ‘I believe we’re a matching pair, my lord.’ In her hurry to reach the sanctuary of the picnic tables she hadn’t waited to replace her hosiery.

‘Good grief! Now we’re an encampment of vagabonds indeed.’ Chuckling he gestured towards the hedge from which three pairs of men’s stockings were hanging.

‘Come and join us, my lord. After all the excitement you must be ravenous.’



The outing was declared a resounding success by all who attended, even the three fallen riders. The party reached home in good spirits by mid-afternoon and then returned to their various apartments to change.

Penny promised to join her aunt in her private parlour later, before changing for dinner, in order to finalize details of the celebrations that were being held to mark her nuptials. Ned was organizing the ceremony itself, and the wedding breakfast that would follow, and she was happy for him to do so.

She could hardly believe in just over two weeks she would be a countess. Lady Weston – no longer plain Miss Coombs. However, she must concentrate on helping Ned catch his traitor and put all frivolous thoughts about parties and balls to one side until the matter was concluded successfully.

Having removed the hateful sand from her person, she allowed Mary to dress her in her favourite half-dress of pale blue and light sarcenet, shot with white. Both the back and front of the bodice were of a particularly delicate white lace that had come all the way from Brussels and she looked her best in it.

‘Put out the rose pink silk gown for tonight, Mary. It’s the only one I haven’t yet worn.’

Still having three quarters on hour before she was to present herself at her aunt’s chambers, Penny decided to seek out Ned. There was the matter of the misbehaving maid to be discussed before he had her sent away without a reference.

How unfair this would be; the poor girl might well have been given no choice in the matter and yet she who would carry the blame. The detestable count would continue to behave disgracefully and no one would think the worse of him. Which room should she investigate first? Ned could be in his study, library or perhaps playing billiards with the other gentlemen. Voices were approaching from the direction of the billiard room.

‘Mr Weston, how delightful to see you. Have you just left Lord Weston, by any chance?’

He bowed. ‘No, Miss Coombs. I believe he’s dealing with his correspondence in his study.’

‘Thank you. I shall seek him out there.’ She smiled at the lanky Remington boy who was with him. ‘I shall see you both in the drawing-room before dinner.’

Outside the study she hesitated. If Ned was busy would it be wise to interrupt him? Yes - she believed he would be pleased to see her. She was always thrilled when he appeared, and hoped that he felt the same. She knocked and receiving no immediate reply, rapped more sharply. This time he responded.

‘Come in, if you must.’

This was the one occasion when she would have liked to have been accompanied by a footman.

She turned the handle and stepped inside. He was sitting at his desk, papers spread all over the surface. His brow was furrowed and he didn’t look up.

‘Ned? Should I go away? I shan’t mind if you are too busy to speak to me at the moment.’

Instantly he was on his feet, his face transformed with pleasure. ‘Darling girl, I’m always pleased to see you. I must apologize for my rudeness. I didn’t know it was you disturbing me.’ He led her to an armchair positioned close to the desk. ‘Sit here, you can be my muse.’

‘Have you had bad news from London? Mr Weston said you were dealing with correspondence.’

‘Not bad news, exactly. But you’re right, it is from London. Major Carstairs is unable to join us. He’s been sent to France. I shall have to sort this out without his expertise.’

‘I’m here to help you. I intend to continue my ploy with the count tonight.’ Her mouth pursed in disgust. ‘I can assure you I’m not relishing my role after his disreputable behaviour this afternoon.’ She thought she had introduced the tricky subject of the maid servant rather cleverly.

‘I’ve had a word with him. He will not step out of line with any of my staff again.’

‘I’m glad to hear it. And the girl? What of her?’

‘I left the matter with Brown. It’s up to her if the girl is dismissed. I have no further interest in it, and neither should you.’ He was perching on the edge of his desk, his legs crossed casually, and his next words took her by surprise. ‘I absolutely forbid you to spend any time with the count. I’m certain he’s the traitor. Your involvement is at an end.’

She lowered her eyes demurely, the picture of innocent obedience. He wasn’t fooled for one moment. She found herself hemmed in by his arms resting on either side of her chair.

‘I mean it, Penny. That man’s dangerous; surely you saw him for what he is this afternoon? I want your word on this.’

She ventured a glance upwards and met his steady gaze. The protest she had been about to make remained unspoken. An all too familiar heat flooded through her. She saw his expression soften and he dropped to his knees in front of her. Stretching out she traced the outlines of his face with her finger-tips loving the way he trembled under her touch.

Her eyes were huge; her lips parted expectantly waiting for his kiss. His hands came up to cover hers, pulling her gently from the chair.

‘This is madness, my love. I vowed to keep my distance until we’re married, but when you look at me like that I can’t resist you.’

She sighed and settled into his arms, breathing in his musky male scent. His arms tightened pressing her breasts hard against his chest. Her head was spinning, her reserve rapidly vanishing as desire spiralled out of control.

She buried her fingers in the hair that curled just above the high collar of his waistcoat. Tilting her head back she waited for his lips to cover hers.

‘No, darling, we must not. Once I start kissing you I’ll not be able to stop.’

His hands gripped her arms and she was lifted to her feet and placed firmly away from him. For some reason he turned his back on her and marched over to stare out of the window.

‘Go away, sweetheart. I’ll see you at dinner. I have work to complete.’

She stared at his back, not sure if she was vexed or puzzled by his ill manners. She sniffed loudly. ‘Very well, Lord Weston, I shall go. Please do not bother to bid me farewell.’

His rich laugh filled the room. ‘Out – immediately, before I change my mind and it will be a different kind of work that we complete together.’

Scampering from his hateful laughter she arrived pell-mell in the Great Hall severely startling the butler and two footmen. Skidding to a halt she attempted to look dignified, but was sure her hair had begun to come down and her cheeks were flushed. Ignoring the three of them she sailed past and ran lightly up the stairs.

As soon as she was out of sight she paused to straighten her skirts and re-pin the errant strands of hair that had escaped during her time in the study. Satisfied she was tidy enough to visit her aunt she headed up the second flight of stairs to arrive exactly on time at Aunt Lucy’s sitting room.



‘I shall be late, Mary. There’s nothing we can do about it’ Penny stared dubiously at the unnecessary expanse of creamy white flesh exposed by her evening gown. ‘I don’t remember this gown having such a low neckline. I shall feel half naked going down in this.’

‘The garnet necklace fills a deal of the space, miss. And the matching string of stones I’ve threaded through your hair look a treat. That red sets off your hair and makes your eyes sparkle. I’m sure everyone will notice. ‘

Penny rather thought it was her bosom that was going to be noticed, especially by the gentlemen. She enveloped herself in the matching wrap; at least she could remain hidden until they went into dinner. If she refused a drink, she would not have to allow her shawl to slip down to her elbows.

She met the Remingtons in the passageway and their unaffected good humour made her forget about her low-cut evening gown. The two girls were dressed identically in diaphanous white sprigged muslin. Dainty white evening slippers peeped out from below their flowing skirts.

Charlotte spoke for her quieter sister. ‘Miss Coombs, that’s a beautiful gown. Mama will not allow Elizabeth and me to wear any colour. She says colours are unsuitable for girls of our age.’

‘Thank you, Miss Remington; I also spent a season dressed entirely in white and pastels. However, now I am older, I may please myself.’

Penny smiled inwardly as she led the procession down to the drawing-room. She was sure the Remington girls were only a year or two younger than her. Obviously her status as a future countess gave her added maturity in their eyes. She dreaded to think what the reaction would be when she removed her wrap.

When dinner was announced Ned took her arm and they walked into the dining-room. This was the first time that evening they had had the opportunity to speak privately.

‘You look enchanting tonight, my dear. The colour is perfect on you. If I had known you were wearing that gown I would have given you something more suitable to wear around your neck.’

‘These garnets belonged to my mother, Lord Weston. I am quite content to wear them and require nothing else.’ Her voice reflected her hurt at his disparaging remark. He had no time to beg her pardon before they were ushered, as always, to either end of the long table.

She sat down first still smarting from his thoughtless comment; she dropped her shawl revealing for the first time just how low her dress was cut. She raised her head and stared down the table defiantly. She was a woman grown and the other ladies had gowns as revealing as hers.



Ned regretted his casual criticism as soon as he had spoken but was given no opportunity to put matters right before he took his place at the head of the table. He had not meant to cause distress – the garnets were lovely but the family rubies were even better. He would put matters right after dinner. In fact he would fetch the rubies from the safe in his rooms and give them to her before she retired for the night.

He glanced down the table and his jaw dropped with incredulity. Sitting facing him was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. How could the young girl he had first met have metamorphosed into this amazing creature? It wasn’t just the deep neckline, nor the sophisticated hairstyle – there was something else. Penny was staring at him with a look of such disdain his toes curled in his shoes.

He was a lucky man; looking as she did she could have anyone she wanted. The servant had already filled his crystal glass with claret and he raised the glass and toasted her. This was a gesture that acknowledged her beauty and her maturity. She was a woman well able to run his home and raise his children.

His relationship with her was changed. From this point forward he would treat her as an adult – allow her to have an opinion of her own. His mouth curved involuntarily. What was he thinking? His darling girl was already quite capable of making her feelings known. He bowed his head, then placed the glass against his lips, holding her captive by the power of his gaze.

She reached out and slowly brought her glass and pressed the rim to her lips, returning his salute. He wanted to slam his chair back and carry her to his bedchamber. So much for his vow to keep his distance!

There was a presence by his left shoulder and he glanced round. Foster wished to speak to him about the wine. When he looked back, his eyes narrowed and his face assumed a look of such ferocity that lady seated on his left visibly recoiled.

God damn it! Why hadn’t he thought to rearrange the table seating and put that bastard Frenchman well away from Penny? If that man had the impudence to touch so much as a hair one her head he would not wait until he was certain he was dealing with a traitor, but would kill him now. Someone touched his elbow and he was obliged to transfer his attention from the far end of the table.

‘Weston, have no fear, my friend, Miss Coombs will not be taken in by that man. Remember she is your hostess and it is her duty to entertain your guests.’

Ned ground his teeth, biting back a pithy retort. Forcing himself to relax he smiled at his neighbour. ‘Of course, sir, you’re quite right. I must learn to trust her judgement.’

‘Your young lady is a beautiful and accomplished, my lord, it’s inevitable that she will attract the attention of any gentleman who is not in his dotage.’ The lady next to him gestured with her fan. ‘See how she shines like a beacon at the end of the table. I can’t believe it’s the same quiet girl who had her come out only two seasons ago. She is a diamond of the first water, an incomparable.’

Remington chuckled. ‘If Miss Coombs was making her debut now, you wouldn’t have had a chance, Weston. I’ve no doubt she could have had a duke, or a marquis at the very least.’

Ned knew he was a fortunate man. He had won her heart and couldn’t see why she had stayed true to him after his callous treatment. He didn’t deserve her love, but by God he was going to keep it. Hostess or not, if either the Frenchman or his cousin paid her too much attention they would have him to deal with.

The dinner was served à la Francais, the dishes placed down the centre of the table allowing the gentlemen to serve the ladies either side of them with the choicest morsels. There were several removes and by the time the fruit and nuts arrived a full two hours had passed since they sat down. He had kept his basilisk stare on the far end of the table and was certain nothing untoward had taken place between his beloved and the Frenchman.

He smiled at her as she gracefully rose, preparing to lead the ladies into the grand salon. As she swept past him, she glanced in his direction giving him a saucy wink. He raised an eyebrow and he heard her delighted chuckle as she left the room. The gentlemen would not linger over the port tonight. He wished to slip along to his apartments and find the ruby parure that had been in his family for generations. Before Penny retired, he would draw her to one side and present her with the jewellery.

Less than half an hour after the ladies had left, he pushed his chair back, cutting short the conversation about the relative merits of a high-perch phaeton against a racing curricle.

‘James, I have some urgent business to attend to, would you be so kind as to take the gentlemen through?’

His cousin smiled. ‘Delighted to help: come along gentlemen we have been given our instructions. It’s more than my life’s worth to gainsay my cousin.’ This sally was greeted by general laughter, but no one argued or demanded a third glass of port.

Still smiling, Ned hurried down the well-lit corridor to his chambers. The candle-filled sconces flickered as he dashed past. It took him longer than he’d anticipated to locate the box he wanted. Eventually he found it underneath a pile of documents right at the back of his strong box.

Flipping the lid open he checked the contents were intact. His mother had never worn the rubies, in fact he had never seen them where they ought to be, around the neck of a Countess of Rushford.

The drawing-room doors were open and he could hear laughter and the sound of someone playing the piano rather badly. He hoped it wasn’t Penny doing so. There was still so much he didn’t know about his beloved. Was she musically gifted, or like him, tone deaf? Could she paint a pretty watercolour and embroider a cushion cover? The thought of her doing either made him smile at the absurdity. She was an outdoor girl, a bruising rider and more interested in growing plants than painting them. He strolled in to join his guests, his eyes eagerly scanning the room. He stopped, his smile fading. There was no sign of either Penny or the count.





Chapter Nineteen





Penny hoped the gentlemen would not spend too long passing the port as she had learnt one or two interesting facts about Count Everex and she wished to share them with Ned. Although he had ordered her not to continue with her investigation, she felt sure anything gleaned over the dinner table was allowable.

She circled the room for a while doing her duty as hostess before pausing by her aunt. ‘It’s such a beautiful evening I’m going to stroll on the terrace and listen to the nightingales. Could you direct Lord Weston to me when he arrives?’ She also wished to be as far away as possible from the excruciating noise of Miss Elizabeth on the pianoforte.

‘Put your wrap around you, Penny. It’s only the end of May.’

‘But it’s unseasonably warm, Aunt Lucy. However, I’m happy to do as you ask. I have attracted more than enough attention this evening.’

She wandered outside and the trills of a late blackbird resting in the honeysuckle that grew close by attracted her attention. The air was pleasantly cool after the heat of the drawing-room, having so many candles made the room over warm.

She leant against the stone balustrade letting the liquid sound envelop her. How beautiful the garden was; she could hardly believe this was where she was going to spend the rest of her life. She heard male voices mingling with the plink plonking of the piano and the laughter of the ladies. Smiling she turned to greet the man who came to join her on the terrace.

‘Count Everex, I was not expecting you to join me. Lord Weston would not approve of us being out here alone.’

‘My dear, Miss Coombs, when Mr Weston told me you were out here I could not resist the opportunity to continue our conversation.’

He remained a correct distance from her, making no attempt to crowd her or take liberties. Maybe she had misjudged him; perhaps he was a gentlemen who just happened to be a traitor.

‘Then you’re welcome, sir. I’m waiting for it to be quite dark because the nightingales don’t sing until the blackbirds have stopped.’

‘You’re a lover of nature, Miss Coombs. My main estate, on the Loire, would please you mightily. We have dozens of songbirds in the grounds, also deer and wild boar.’

‘It sounds delightful. You must be so sad to have had it removed from your family by that upstart Napoleon Bonaparte.’

‘I am one of the fortunate few, Miss Coombs, who has been allowed to keep his land. It is in name only at the moment, as all the revenues go to the government. However, I anticipate that I shall be able to return home very soon.’

Penny felt a tingle of excitement. Was she about to learn something really important? She moved closer, as if attracted by his conversation. ‘What is your home like? Is it as grand as Headingly Court? ‘

‘Far grander, in fact it is a palace. Imagine the castles in your fairytales and you will know what my chateau is like. I’m about to become a very rich man.’ He lowered his voice and bent his head in order to whisper the next piece of information. ‘In a week’s time I shall receive a message from London which will tell me my fortune has been restored to me.’

‘Good heavens! How very mysterious. Have you an elderly relative about to meet his maker who has made you his beneficiary?’

The count shook his head and she smelt the pomade he used on his hair. This was unpleasant; she much preferred the fresh smell of lemons.

‘I am not at liberty to tell you the details, Miss Coombs. But I shall be far richer, far more influential than Lord Weston. Would you not reconsider your attachment to him?’

In his determination to convince her of his sincerity he snatched her hands and held them to his chest. Penny was speechless with mortification. How could she extract herself from this situation without offending him? She let her hands go limp in his and looked directly at him.

‘Sir, I believe you have misunderstood the situation. I have no interest in either you or your chateau. I am betrothed to Lord Weston and happy to be so. Release my hands at once.’

He did so, stepping back his eyes wide with embarrassment. ‘I beg your pardon, Miss Coombs. I have allowed my partiality to overcome my good manners. Pray excuse me; I shall not bother you in this way again.’ Then he was gone, melting into the night, his black evening clothes making him invisible in the darkness.

A movement at the French doors alerted her to someone else’s presence and her heart sunk; it would be Ned standing there, and he would have seen the whole. She braced herself for the inevitable reckoning. He had warned her not to continue her game and she had chosen to ignore him.

She kept her back firmly to him as he approached on soft feet behind her. She almost smiled as it occurred to her it could be someone else entirely. Then she would be in a worse position than before. No – it was he. She would recognize his distinctive aroma anywhere. She shivered and it wasn’t from cold.

‘Miss Coombs, would you be so kind as to accompany me to my study? I have pressing things to discuss with you that cannot be said in public.’ He didn’t wait for her reply. His arm, like a band of iron, closed about her waist and she was given no option but to go with him.

He marched her down the terrace to a second pair of French doors which were conveniently ajar. His freehand reached out and pulled them open and she was bundled inside the pitch dark room. She heard the distinctive click as he locked the doors behind them. She was standing by herself somewhere in a room she hadn’t visited before.

She would not be intimidated. She wasn’t a child to be chastised for disobedience. Was he hoping to demoralize her by making her stand in the dark waiting for him to pounce? The situation was ridiculous! Like something in one of the Gothic romances she used to read. From nowhere came the irresistible urge to giggle.

Desperately she tried to stifle the sound with her fists. Laughing at him might not be the best action in the circumstances. She knew enough about jealousy to realize it might have caused him to misconstrue what he saw and believe she had encouraged the count to take liberties.

Taking several calming breaths she decided her voice was steady enough to speak. ‘My lord, is it your intention to hold this conversation in the dark? I have no objection, but would prefer to be seated before we begin.’ She felt the giggles coming back. ‘I have a tendency ….. have a tend ….. ency to lose my balance when I cannot see.’ She gulped and knew she could hold them back no longer.

His hand reached out and rested lightly on her shoulder. ‘Are you laughing at me, by any chance, Miss Coombs?’

His voice was soft and she found it impossible to judge his mood. Was he still angry? She had no idea and without being able to see him, could not decide. She decided to risk a light reply.

‘Not at you, my lord, but the situation I find myself in. I have always wanted to be a heroine in a romance novel and now I find myself acting out the part.’ The sound of him grinding his teeth gave due warning of his mood. Hastily she spoke again. ‘Are we to stand around here in the dark or do you have a tinderbox and candles we can light?’

He almost growled his answer. ‘I can see perfectly well. My night vision is excellent. I have no need to light the room.’ He laughed but the sound didn’t reassure her. ‘If you wish to be seated, find somewhere for yourself.’

Her amusement was rapidly turning to annoyance. Loving someone apparently didn’t mean you had to like them! She looked around her - he was correct, there was sufficient moonlight filtering in through the unshuttered windows for her to find a chair. She wondered what part of the house this was; certainly nowhere she had been before.

She selected a single wooden armchair with a high back and cushioned seat. Swishing past the looming shape of her future husband she sat, taking her time to arrange her gown so the train and overskirt wouldn’t become creased. When she was ready, she clasped her hands demurely in her lap and stared frostily in his direction. She hoped he could see she was equally angry.

‘Well, Lord Weston? What is it you have to say that is so urgent it made you forget your manners and manhandle me in such an unacceptable way?’

‘You disobeyed me. I distinctly recall instructing you not to be alone under any circumstances with that man. He is a dangerous criminal not the charming émigré he wishes to appear.’

He paused and she believed he was waiting for her to answer. ‘I’m quite capable of making my own decisions. I’m not a child or just out of the schoolroom. It might have escaped your attention, my lord, but since my father’s death I have not only been running both my estate and house, but also managing my investments.’

‘I’m not interested in what you did before you became my responsibility. That is irrelevant. Here I am master and you would do well to remember it. Do not interrupt me again.’

‘I shall not interrupt if you do not continue to talk to me as though I was no more than ten years old.’

‘Be silent!’ His voice cut like a whip and she shrivelled in her chair, her bravado evaporating under the onslaught of his fury. ‘If our marriage is to work satisfactorily then you have to understand what it is I require from a wife.’

She bit her lip so hard she tasted blood. How could she sit here and say nothing whilst he snarled his wishes? This was not how she had envisaged their union. She wanted the meeting of minds and souls as well as bodies. Did her opinions count for nothing? It had been only a few days ago, after she had almost drowned in the river, that he had trusted her with his secret. Where was this trust now?

He continued, apparently unaware of her growing disquiet. ‘I don’t want a woman who argues every decision that I make; I don’t want to be see other men sniffing around her skirts—’

At this outrageous statement she leapt to her feet, too angry to consider the consequences. ‘I have heard enough.’ She snatched the emerald ring from her finger and threw it in his face. ‘There. The engagement is over. Now I don’t have to listen to your opinions or remain in the same place as you.’

Her eyes had adjusted to the gloom and she could see a door on the far side of the room. She would not stay a moment longer. She expected to be dragged back, but to her surprise he allowed her to stalk across the room and through the door. She slammed it shut behind her. She was shaking too much to move away. She closed her eyes, ignoring the scalding tears dripping down her cheeks. She had just broken her own heart. She would never love another man as she did him, but she couldn’t marry him if this was how he intended to treat her.

Why hadn’t he followed her? Was he relieved to be rid of a tiresome burden? Angrily she scrubbed her face with the corner of her wrap. This wouldn’t do. She could not remain hiding in this room; she had to find her way back to the party before her absence was noted by the eagle eyes of her aunt. Engaged or not – proprieties must be adhered to.

Penny stepped away from the door; this room was darker as most of the shutters were closed. She groped her way across to the glimmer of moonlight filtering through the slats. Reaching the windows she unhooked a catch and pushed. With a rumble the shutters parted and the room was bathed in a silver glow.

Where was the other exit? Frantically she stared around the chamber. Then she realized where she was and why he hadn’t prevented her escape. She was in his bedchamber. A huge tester bed dominated the centre of the room. She stood, rooted to the spot with horror. She was trapped in his private apartments. Her reputation of unassailable purity would be in tatters after this. Then she remembered there had to be a servants’ exit in his dressing room. If she could find that, then maybe all would not be lost.

She needed a candle and although there were several candlesticks around they were useless without a flint to light them. She scanned the panelled walls looking for a clue. The door was so well hidden she couldn’t spot it in the gloom.

He wouldn’t leave her alone for much longer; she had to find an escape route immediately. She ran across the carpet and began to search the wall beside the bed with her fingertips. She was so engrossed she didn’t hear the door open, but she did hear the key turn in the lock. In her terror she had not thought to turn this herself and now it was too late. She was locked in the bedchamber of the man she had just jilted.

Her knees gave way and she sunk to the floor her dress a pool of silk around her. She drew in her knees and hugged them like a child.





Chapter Twenty





Penny huddled on the floor, her back pressed firmly against the edge of the bed, unable to stop trembling. She knew what was coming – what he intended for her. Why else had he locked the bedchamber door?

She covered her ears with her hands and resting her head on her knees, she waited. And waited. Why didn’t he come over and throw her on to the bed? Perhaps when he saw how frightened she was, he would relent and let her go. She lifted her head from her lap, removed her hands and opened her eyes, natural curiosity overcoming her fear.

She blinked in astonishment. While she had been cowering on the floor shaking like a blancmange he had been lighting candles. He was nowhere in sight. If his intention was to ravish her, he was going about it in a very strange way.

Where was the wretched man? She craned her neck, but still couldn’t see him. He must be the other side of the room waiting for her to make the first move. She scrambled on to her knees and swivelling round peered anxiously over the top of the bed.

She recoiled and in her efforts to remove herself, fell backwards in a tangle of arms and legs. Ned, who was lounging as if he had no a care in the world on top of the bed, made no move to assist her. She heard him chuckle and the last vestiges of her fear evaporated and righteous indignation took its place.

‘I hate you, Lord Weston. And nothing you can do or say will prevail upon me to change my mind. I shall not be your wife, not now, not ever.’ She eventually regained her feet and as he hadn’t answered she continued. ‘My beautiful gown is quite ruined and it’s entirely your fault.’ This was untrue, but she was too cross to care. ‘I wish to return to my room. You will unlock the door this instant.’

Again he laughed and rolling sideways placed his feet on the floor. Before she had time to protest he lunged forward and grasped her waving hands. ‘I promise to release you, but first I wish to persuade you to change your mind. If, after five minutes, you are still determined to sever the connection then so be it.’

Five minutes? It should be easy to remain firm for such a short time. ‘Very well, my lord. But I can assure you there is nothing you can say that will make me agree to continue our engagement.’

His voice purred across her cheek as he drew her closer. ‘I have no intention of using speech to convince you, my love. I have a far more effective way of doing that.’

His lips trailed light kisses down from her ear to the corner of her mouth. Resolutely she stood still, forcing herself not to respond, trying to ignore the waves of excitement that his touch was igniting.

His hair brushed her face as he continued his sweet assault until his mouth was burning its way across her breasts. She should push him away, he would stop if she asked him to, but was incapable of speaking. She was adrift in a sea of pleasure and all rational thought became swamped by her growing desire to become one with him.

Resistance was impossible. Her arms moved of their own volition to tangle in his hair. She wanted him to kiss her properly, to feel his lips crush hers. She tugged fiercely and he raised his head. His eyes blazed with passion and he needed no further permission.

His arms scooped her up and she was tossed unceremoniously on top of the bed. He flung his mangled neck-cloth on to the floor and the diamond pin rolled unheeded across the boards. His evening jacket followed and then he was beside her on the bed and it was too late to change her mind.

She was uncomfortable; something about this was not as it should be. The train of her gown was bunched underneath her bottom and the bodice was cutting painfully into the soft flesh of her breasts. She tried to roll away from him, to indicate she was having second thoughts. It was too late – far too

late – for his hands were sliding up her legs, pushing the layers of material ahead of them.

The candlelight flickered and danced, creating shadows on the wall, but Penny only saw the russet head nuzzling her naked limbs leaving spirals of excitement in their wake. A strange, heady lethargy held her captive. His tongue was flickering across her inner thigh and her skirts were bundled under her chin when sanity prevailed.

What was she doing? She was behaving like a light-skirt. She should not be here. He should not be touching her like that before their marriage vows had been taken.

She pressed her knees together and drew them violently towards her. This unexpected movement caught him under the chin slamming his teeth together. He reeled back, spitting blood and profanities in equal measure.

This was the opportunity she had been waiting for. ‘Ned. I have changed my mind, I shall marry you, you have no reason to continue this.’

He wiped the gore from his mouth with his shirt sleeve. For a moment she thought he was angry with her. When he spoke she knew she had misjudged him.

‘Sweetheart, how can you ever forgive me? I have always prided myself on self-control and tonight I have shown none. I have no excuse apart from the fact that whenever I’m near I ache to make love to you.’ He smiled ruefully. ‘Thank God you had the commonsense to stop things before they reached their natural conclusion.’

‘Then you’re not cross with me?’

‘I’m angry with myself for allowing my stupid jealousy to blind me. I know you didn’t encourage that man, but seeing his pawing made me almost lose my reason. I’ve never felt like this before and if anything ever happened to you my life would be over. I should never seek another wife; James is my heir and I should be content in those circumstances to leave my title and estate to him.’

Penny, her skirt restored to its rightful place about her ankles, felt ready to join in the conversation. ‘Ned, nothing is going to happen to me, and certainly not at the hands of the count. He fancies himself in love with me and asked me to run away with him and become his countess.’

‘The devil he did! It would give me the greatest pleasure to shoot him through the heart.’

‘You mustn’t kill him; he’s a gentleman and has promised to keep his distance in future. I can hardly credit he’s a traitor, he seems so charming.’

‘It’s he who’s behind the attempts on your life. I admit he’s not personally involved, but I’m certain it’s his orders the smugglers are following. Their aim is to distract me from my duties as a magistrate by attacking you.’ He grinned. ‘And it’s working, isn’t it? I’m so busy watching you that they could have taken three wagons of contraband past me and I wouldn’t have noticed. I think you can see now why I have never sought a wife.’

‘That reminds me, he told me he was expecting a letter from London in which would be the information that he was very rich. I asked him if he had an elderly relative about to depart this world and leave him a fortune. He told me the money was for services rendered.’

‘This week? Thank God for that. This means the money hasn’t arrived yet. There’s too much coastline for Captain Smith and his small band of militiamen to patrol effectively. The French boat could come in anywhere, but now I know the count is definitely involved, I can hazard a guess the handover will take place within a few miles of here.’

Penny left the safety of the bed and walked into the middle of the room where he was standing.

‘Are we friends? I should hate us to part on bad terms.’

‘More importantly, are we still betrothed? I love you, Penny, and if it’s your wish that we no longer get married, then I shall I stand aside.’

‘I told you, Ned, I will marry you. What I won’t do is spend any time alone with you until we are married. I have no wish to anticipate our wedding night.’

If he noticed she had not said that she returned his love, he made no comment. She was no longer sure how she felt about him. She loved his handsome form and the way his hands sent shivers of delight up and down her spine, but that was lust which wasn’t the same as being in love.

‘Then allow me to return your ring.’ She held out her left hand and he slipped it back, then he raised it to his mouth and gently kissed her knuckles. ‘The next time this ring is removed it will be to place my wedding band on your finger. That day cannot come soon enough for me.’

Releasing her hand, he walked away and there was the distinctive click of the key being turned. She was finally free to go. She looked down at her crumpled gown and saw her appearance would instantly reveal where she had been and what she had been doing.

‘I can’t walk through the house looking like…. like a woman of the streets. You must take me back through the servant’s route. If we meet anyone at least we can be sure your staff will be discreet.’

He chuckled. ‘They wouldn’t dare be otherwise. Here, take this candlestick, I warn you, it’s black as pitch along those corridors.’

The entrance was, as Penny had suspected, in the dressing-room. This door was so well concealed it was hardly surprising she hadn’t been able to find it. Ned led the way through a maze of passages and staircases and although she heard voices in the distance they didn’t meet anyone else.

Eventually they emerged in her parlour. ‘Thank you. Please go; I have no wish for Mary to discover you here. Goodnight, Ned.’

The door from her bed chamber opened quietly and her maid came in. ‘Mercy me! I’ve never seen the like!’

‘Mary, you forget yourself! I wish to see this dress pressed and back in my closet by tomorrow evening.’

‘Yes, Miss Coombs. Shall you be wanting anything from the kitchen tonight?’

‘No, thank you. I shall retire immediately. I wish to ride before breakfast so please leave out my blue habit. I shall require a bath when I return.’

‘Very well, miss.’



Penny tossed restlessly all night. Her doubts about the veracity of her feelings for Ned and the wisdom of agreeing to such a hasty marriage kept her awake. When she had accepted his offer she thought she knew him, but every day she was discovering he wasn’t quite the paragon she had imagined him to be. He had a fiery temper to match his hair and a ruthless streak he hadn’t displayed when they were gallivanting around London together. He was not what he seemed at all.

Did she really wish to be married to a man who had spent the last ten years in secret work for the government? He had promised to devote his time to her and his estate in future, but could she trust him to keep his word? Surely, a man used to a life of action and adventure would not settle happily into domesticity however much he loved his wife.

Eventually she fell asleep after accepting the unpalatable fact that whatever her reservations, she was committed to marrying him. She had behaved like a wanton. She had no choice, she had to marry him and make the best of it. Her mouth curved involuntarily. At least she had no fears about sharing the marriage bed with him. That was one part of the relationship she was eagerly anticipating.



The next week passed too quickly for Penny and, she suspected, too slowly for Ned. He kept to his word and made no attempt to seek out her company. He treated her with the utmost civility and kindness and only she could detect the tension in him when he was close to her.

Mr Weston was her constant companion and she enjoyed his company. He happily divided his time between herself and his mother. The count also treated her respectfully, but she occasionally detected a brooding darkness in his expression that gave credence to Ned’s belief that he was indeed the traitor he sought.

Plans for the garden party to be held for the villagers and staff were well underway. Her aunt was in her element, there was nothing she liked better than organizing a grand event.

‘Penny, my dear, Mrs Weston and I would like to bring you up to date and you must tell us how your trousseau is progressing.’

‘It’s all but completed, Aunt Lucy. I have sufficient garments to last me a lifetime. I can only pray fashion does not dictate a drop in the waistline again, which would make all these gowns redundant.’ She settled herself more comfortably in the shade of the huge oak tree under which the ladies gathered most days for a cosy gossip.

‘And your wedding gown? Is it as you hoped?’ Mrs Weston asked curiously.

‘Indeed it is, Mrs Weston. No girl could have a more beautiful dress in which to progress down the aisle. Did I tell you I have asked Mr Weston to escort me?’

‘Oh, my dear, how delightful.’ She smiled archly. ‘Let’s hope there is no confusion on the day. It’s hard to tell James from Ned when they’re dressed alike.’

Penny’s smile faltered as she considered this outrageous statement. She sometimes thought she might prefer to marry Mr Weston, he was so kind and gentle, quite unlike his formidable cousin. Married to him she would be secure in the knowledge whatever her misdemeanour she wouldn’t be berated like a schoolgirl.

‘Ah, there is the dear boy now, Miss Coombs,’ Mrs Weston said as she beckoned to her son to join them.

She stared and knew immediately why she would never marry Mr Weston. He was the image of Ned but lacked that indefinable something that made her betrothed irresistible. She liked Mr Weston a deal better than Ned, but didn’t love him.

Her radiant smile reflected the relief that she did indeed love her future husband. Mr Weston must have thought it directed at himself as he arrived at her side, his eyes dark with an emotion she recognized as blatant desire. Embarrassed by her inadvertent encouragement she merely nodded a welcome and turned to continue her conversation with her aunt and Mrs Weston.

‘I gather Monsieur Ducray has finally repaired the air balloon and it will be on show for the garden party. You will be able to take a ride, Aunt Lucy, if the weather is calm.’

Her aunt shuddered dramatically. ‘After your experience, my dear, I shall watch from the terrace and be quite content to do so.’

‘James, are you intending to take a flight?’

‘No, Mama, like Lady Dalrymple I shall remain firmly on the ground. Ned has asked me to do the pretty with his tenants, so I shall be fully occupied with that.’

Penny was surprised at his announcement. ‘I’m certain you will do an excellent job, Mr Weston. Are you acting as yourself or impersonating your cousin?’

‘I can assure you, Miss Coombs, it’s something I do on a regular basis. When he’s abroad I sometimes stand in for him and no one is any the wiser.’

‘I see; how convenient for Lord Weston to be able to abdicate his responsibilities so easily.’ She stood up. ‘Pray excuse me, Mrs Weston, Aunt Lucy, Mr Weston, but I have an appointment with the housekeeper and must go inside.’

She hurried across the lawn, her emotions in turmoil. Did Ned see his cousin as a substitute for himself? Is that why he had asked him to stand in for him so often? She didn’t know how she felt any more; no sooner had she decided she was in love with him, she received another dent to her confidence. It wasn’t poor Mr Weston’s fault - she laid the blame, as usual, squarely on the shoulders of her beloved.

‘I’m not just another part of his property,’ she fumed, ‘and I shall not be parcelled out to another at his convenience.’ Determined to have the matter out with him she sailed into the house, her eyes sparkling with indignation and marched directly to his study. A sharp rap on the door elicited no response. Perhaps he was out and about – emboldened by the continued silence she tentatively turned the handle and stepped in.

The room was empty but the desk was strewn with papers, the chair pushed back anyhow. She frowned at the sign of disarray. He had obviously left in a hurry. Curiously she approached the desk and glanced at the nearest document. Her heart shot into her mouth as she read what was written there.



Weston,

The items you are anticipating have been traced and they will be arriving in your neighbourhood on Tuesday.

Yours

Andover.





Chapter Twenty-one





Penny clutched the edge of the desk for support. Ned was searching for the gold that was to be smuggled out of the country and taken to Bonaparte’s supporters. He could be killed or wounded, and she hadn’t told him how much she loved him. At that moment all her doubts and worries about her impending marriage vanished. The thought of him in danger was insupportable. All she could do now was pray he returned safely to her because this time he had allowed himself to become distracted and his head might not be as focused on his mission as it should be.

She would write him a note, tell him how she felt, beg him to take care; she wouldn’t risk seeing him face to face. She was determined to stick to her vow and arrive on her wedding day an innocent.

She left the letter on his desk where he would see it when he returned. The mantel clock struck four. Too early to go upstairs and change for dinner. She had to find something to occupy her mind or she would go mad with worry.

A brisk walk around the ornamental lake would serve the purpose. She had no need to return to her room to collect her spencer and she was already wearing her kid half-boots. She had ruined two pairs of slippers by taking them outside.

She was leaving by the French doors in the drawing-room when she saw Count Everex strolling round from the direction of the stables looking decidedly pleased with himself. Hastily she hid herself behind a curtain and waited for him to pass. Why was this man still at large? Did it mean Ned had been unsuccessful? Perhaps the Frenchman had hidden the gold in the barn amongst the paraphernalia of the balloonists.

Without a second thought she slipped from the room and walked briskly towards the stables. The barn was no more than fifty yards behind this block and she intended to creep in, if she could, and make a search. Ned was going to be delighted if he had returned empty-handed only to discover she had found the gold hidden at Headingly Court.



‘Andover, I was relieved to receive your note. I was beginning to fear that somehow these bastards had managed to slip through the net.’

‘As you know, we’ve been watching Sir Reginald Masterson for months waiting to catch him red-handed. The man I’d placed in his household as a groom alerted me yesterday to unusual activity by the river. We should have realized they might use water transport.’

Ned turned to speak to his four men who were standing close behind holding the horses. ‘Perkins, you and Reynolds remain here and keep watch. If you see any activity down at the boathouse one of you get word to me immediately, the other follow the wagon. We will rendezvous on the shore.’

‘They’ll need a wagon to get it to the beach. As soon as one appears down there Reynolds can let you know, my lord.’

‘I have messages to send to London; they can start arresting the other contributors to this fund. With any luck, by tomorrow night we shall have all of them under lock and key.’ Andover replaced his spyglass in a pocket in his riding coat. ‘There’s nothing more we can do here; I suggest you return to Headingly. It would be a disaster if the count was alerted at this juncture.’

Ned, like his fellow government operative, backed stealthily through the undergrowth until safe for him to stand without being visible to any watchers at Lufkin Manor. Whilst brushing down his jacket he nodded at his companion. ‘I take it we don’t wish the militia to be involved tonight?’

‘The government doesn’t want the general public to know how close we came to letting a group of traitors escape justice. We cannot guarantee every man in the troupe will remain silent. How many men do you have for this enterprise, Weston?’

‘I have six, seven if you include myself. They are all highly trained and have accompanied me on all my missions. As long as we’re not expected, it will be more than enough to finish the job.’

He held out his hand and Reynolds handed him his reins. ‘Do you want prisoners?’ His voice was matter-of-fact, unbothered either way.

‘They want the Frenchman back in London, but dispose of the rest. There must be no witnesses to blab about what happens.’

‘I doubt if we can take the boat or its crew without attracting attention. But I can assure you there will be no-one else left to carry tales in England.’

‘Good luck, my friend. Don’t be careless tonight. I know of two men who were lost on their final mission. After so long, it’s easy to become complacent and make mistakes.’ Andover’s face reflected his concern.

‘I’ve no intention of kicking the bucket. Remember, I’m getting married next week. I shall do nothing to jeopardise my safety, I’ve far too much to live for.’

He urged his horse into a canter, leaving two men to watch the house whilst the other two accompanied him. He was glad this whole escapade was to be over tonight. Andover was right to warn him; he knew only too well that his attention wasn’t fully on the job in hand. When he should be thinking about his next move far too often his mind drifted to thoughts of Penny.

This would not happen again. He wouldn’t go down to dinner, but retire to his chambers pleading a return of the ague he had caught whilst in Spain a few years back. This was a ruse he had used on several occasions over the years when he wished to vanish for a few days without arousing suspicion. In fact, he had only suffered two bouts of the sweating sickness and neither of those had been life-threatening.

His manservant was an accomplice and an expert at keeping his secrets. He smiled, imagining Penny rushing to his bedside, wishing to be his nurse. Simpson must tell her he preferred to be left alone until the fever broke and that she would be sent for as soon as he was well enough. That would, God willing, be tomorrow morning. He arrived in the lane that led to the rear of the stables just in time to see her vanish into the barn.



It had been far easier than she anticipated to creep past the busy stable yard and along the track that led to the barn. She was certain she hadn’t been seen so far by any of the grooms or stable lads; she paused outside the heavy double doors, delighted to see there was a small gap between them, just large enough for her to slide through.

She pressed her ear against the wood, not wishing to go in if there was anyone inside. Monsieur Ducray had taken his air balloon and the wagon out for a test flight before his demonstration at the garden party next week. The interior was quiet, no voices, no movement. It would be quite safe to go in and complete a search.

Inside the huge edifice was almost dark; there were no windows to let in the sunlight. The only illumination came through the occasional gaps in the heavy black boards that made up the structure. She closed her eyes for a few moments and opened them again, yes; she could make out the shrouded shapes of interesting objects along the back wall.

On tiptoes she crossed the floor, holding up her hem to avoid it becoming mired in the dirt. On reaching out to pull aside a tarpaulin she was snatched from her feet by an unseen assailant. Terrified she opened her mouth to scream for help but was prevented from doing so by the hand across her face.

She kicked backwards and was overjoyed when her heels connected with the man’s knees.

‘Stow it, my girl, or it’ll be the worse for you.’ The harsh voice hissed in her ear and she went limp with horror. Why hadn’t she listened to Ned when he’d told her not to interfere? She would be brave, not give in to her fear. Whatever happened he would be proud of her.

Her captor dropped her so suddenly her knees buckled and she fell heavily on her bottom.

‘What the blazes are you doing in here? Have you taken leave of your senses?’

Her head shot up. ‘Ned, you scared me half to death. I thought you were one of the smugglers and I would never see you again.’

He reached down and yanked her to her feet. ‘Good. I hope you’ve learnt a valuable lesson, my girl. Don’t meddle in things that aren’t your concern.’

‘I learned something else as well. I saw the count returning from the stables and he was almost skipping with glee. I’m sure he has received that letter from London telling him the gold is here and he’s now a rich man.’

‘And I suppose you came here to find the gold? Noble sentiments, sweetheart, but decidedly foolhardy.’ He hustled her towards the door where there was more light. ‘Let me brush you down; you can’t go out covered in straw and other debris.’ He proceeded to bang the rear of her gown, none too gently.

‘That hurts - let me do it, if you please.’

‘I’m sorely tempted to add a few well deserved slaps to that area.’

She giggled. ‘You’re a man of your word, Lord Weston. I’m sure I’m in no danger of such punishment at your hands.’ She peered over her shoulder to check she was free of dirt. ‘I’m ready to return to the house. Shall I leave first? It would never do people to think we were having a clandestine meeting in here.’

‘There’s something I need to do before you leave, my dear.’

She was enveloped in a fierce embrace and her face tilted to accommodate his kiss. When he released her, her head was swimming and her cheeks flushed. Before she had time to protest she was ruthlessly ejected from the barn and the door closed behind her. She had no option but to walk away as if nothing untoward had happened.

When she strolled past the stable-yard she saw Perkins talking to her own grooms. They carefully avoided looking in her direction but they were well aware who had been with her in the barn. She straightened her back and stalked the remaining distance to the side entrance. Luckily she was able to slip inside without meeting any of the guests.



She selected a simple dinner gown that evening; it had a demure neckline and no train. ‘I shan’t need you to help me disrobe tonight so why don’t you take the evening off?’

Her maid beamed. ‘Thank you, miss. I’ll leave out your night rail and wrapper. Shall I have a supper tray sent up?’

‘No, dinner is so late here there’s no need. I love the colour of this dress; when the mantua maker showed me the green silk I knew it would be perfect for me.’

Penny hurried from the room, she didn’t wish Aunt Lucy to negotiate the stairs without assistance and if she wasn’t waiting in the corridor, her elderly relative would continue on her own.

‘My dear, I was about to leave without you,’ her aunt said tartly. ‘Your timekeeping is becoming slipshod. When you are a countess, more will be expected of you, I hope you realize that?’

‘Of course I do; but I don’t believe it’s I who am late, but you who are early.’

Chatting amiably together they joined the assembled company in the Grand Salon. A lady greeted them. ‘My dear, I have just heard that Lord Weston is indisposed. It appears he has frequent attacks of the ague. He will not be joining us tonight.’

Penny schooled her face in order to look suitably worried by this unexpected news. This was a sham; he had been in the pink of health when she’d left him barely two hours ago. ‘What a shame! However, it will do none of us any harm to retire early for once. I vow I am quite exhausted by all the excitement of the past three weeks.’

She smiled warmly at her guests as she circulated the room reassuring everyone that Ned would be recovered from his fever in ample time to participate in their wedding, which was now less than a week away.



Riley, one of the men who had accompanied Ned to his meeting with Andover, waited until he was close enough to speak without being overheard. ‘Lord Weston, did you tell Miss Coombs that you was feeling poorly? She’ll be a mite surprised when you don’t come down to dinner because of having an attack of the ague.’

‘God’s teeth! I completely forgot.’ He slapped his man on the shoulder. ‘Miss Coombs knows all about this business. She’ll draw her own conclusions and keep them to herself. It’s a good thing this is my last mission, I’m finding it difficult to keep my mind on the task in hand.’

‘I’ll have the horses ready as soon as it gets dark. I’ve told Billy and the other Nettleford groom to keep an eye out for the Frenchy. They’ll tag along behind him when he sets off.’

He had decided to take Penny’s grooms into his confidence; after all when this matter was completed it would make no difference who knew he had once been employed in secret activities for the British government.

‘Good work. I’ll be down at ten o’clock. Make sure you have your rifles and ammunition ready. We’re going to need them tonight.’

He entered the house through his private door and met his manservant in his sitting room. Simpson bowed. ‘My lord, I’ve everything ready as you requested. Shall you be wanting your black cape and hat tonight?’

He nodded. ‘The moon is almost full, without it I should be too conspicuous. Are my pistols primed and ready and my sword sharpened?’

‘They are, my lord. If you would care to retire to your bed chamber I’ll let Foster know you are indisposed and won’t be joining your guests this evening. If Mr Weston comes to enquire after your health I shall tell him you’re in bed and not receiving visitors.’

‘I left papers on the desk in my study that need to be put in the safe.’

‘I shall see to it, sir.’

Ned decided he might as well rest if he could; he was going to get precious little sleep that night. He pulled his boots off and tossed them in the corner, his jacket and cravat followed. His heart was pumping hard, excitement flowing freely round his body. He was going to miss these episodes when he settled down to a sedate married life.

Stretching out on his bed he folded his hands behind his head and closed his eyes, running through all the possible eventualities that might occur when he ambushed the smugglers and the count. He was sure with six men at his side he would have no difficulty. Surprise was the key to this exercise.

The soft knock on his bed chamber door roused him from his planning. ‘Come in, Simpson, I’m not asleep.’

‘I’ve tidied your study, my lord; I found this note for you on the desk and thought you’d like to have it.’

Ned took the paper, not recognizing the handwriting. He opened it and scanned the contents. His eyes glittered as he read the words of love. No, he would not miss the espionage, not anymore; now he had something far better to do with his life. He refolded the square and pushed it into the pocket of his shirt, next to his heart.





Penny returned to her chambers a little after ten o’clock and was glad she had already dismissed her abigail; she intended to visit Ned just in case he was genuinely unwell and offer her assistance as a nurse. She took a candlestick and opened the hidden door in the wooden panelling in her parlour. She was going to retrace her steps and find his room via the servant’s route.

She would have no difficulty finding his room again, for each flight of stairs was numbered and each passageway had a letter assigned to it. She had memorized the numbers and letters and written them down as soon as Ned had left.

The only danger was that she would meet an unsuspecting servant and be obliged to explain her presence. The passage was eerily quiet, none of the voices and clattering footsteps she had heard when she’d travelled along this way before. Perhaps all the staff had finished early tonight and were enjoying a convivial evening in the servants’ hall below stairs.

On reaching her destination she pushed open the door and stepped into the dressing room. The room was already occupied. Her sudden appearance so startled Simpson he dropped the shaving mug he was carrying.

‘Miss Coombs, his lordship’s not receiving tonight.’

Penny smiled at the flustered valet. ‘Is he here? I came to see how someone who was in rude health less than two hours ago could now be prostrate with fever.’

Simpson accepted the inevitable. ‘Lord Weston has gone out. I don’t expect him back until the morning.’

‘I guessed as much. He has gone to apprehend a traitor. Would you tell him I called?’

The man bowed. ‘I shall do so.’ He hesitated as if not sure whether to pass on this piece of information. ‘Lord Weston received your note, miss, and put it in his waistcoat pocket.’

‘Thank you for telling me. I shall leave you to your duties. Goodnight.’





Chapter Twenty-two





‘Any sign of the diligence?’ Ned whispered to Perkins, who was watching the track.

‘Nothing, yet, sir. I reckon it’ll be another fifteen minutes or so. They’ll not get down this path quickly, the sand’s soft and the wheels will sink in.’

The time was a little after eleven o’clock and the moon temporarily hidden behind a bank of cloud making it difficult to see. ‘Reynolds, you’re certain you saw the French ship anchored in the bay before the moon went in?’

‘I did, my lord, clear as day. We’ve got the right place, all we have to do is wait for the villains to appear then we can do the lot.’

The four men were bristling with weapons and eager to apprehend the smugglers and the traitor who had orchestrated this event. A slight sound approaching through the long marsh grass stilled them. Silently Ned got to his feet and, half crouching, moved into a position where he could strike down whoever this was, before they were able to warn those waiting on the beach of their presence.

‘Lord Weston? It’s Billy and me.’

Thank God! Ned relaxed and called back softly. ‘Up here, lads. Come in on your knees or you’ll be spotted from the beach.’

A slight rustling greeted his words and then the grass parted and the two young men slithered in to join the other four. ‘The Frenchy’s down there with them smugglers, my lord. We followed him until we was certain he were going down to the sea and then come up here to join you.’

‘Are you all clear about your part in this?’ There was a murmur of assent. ‘Good. Reynolds and Perkins you stay up here where you have a clear view. The only live captive we want is the count; the rest must not be allowed to leave the beach and carry tales.’

Ned turned to resume his vigil on the edge of the sandy dip he had selected for their ambush. His four men were seasoned fighters and wouldn’t balk at dispatching any of the smugglers, but he was less confident about the two from Nettleford. They were loyal to Penny and prepared to die for her if necessary, but were they prepared to kill?

Far too late to worry about such details; Perkins had explained to them what tonight would entail and they hadn’t demurred. He rolled over and beckoned to Riley. ‘Keep an eye on those two for me; I don’t want any harm to come to them if possible.’

‘Me and Blakey will take care of them, sir, don’t you fret. There’s five of them smugglers on the beach and Reynolds said there’s three more with the wagon. With the Frenchy that makes nine. Hardly a fight at all!’

The horses had been tethered in a coppice half a mile away, too far from the track to be overheard by either the men with the wagon or those waiting on the shore. In that final few minutes Ned reviewed his plans, checking he’d missed nothing. When the attack started it would be too late.

He checked Reynolds and Perkins were in position and their powder and ball was to hand; he ran his hand over the hilt of his sabre to see this was loose in its scabbard. His pistols were loaded and primed; all he had to do was cock and fire. The men who would accompany him downhill were armed, but the two Nettleford boys had cudgels instead of swords. He smiled wryly at the thought of his guests seeing him like this. Would they be shocked or impressed?

He stiffened at the unmistakable sound of harness jangling and the muted hiss of voices. Saying a quick prayer, as he always did at such times, he gestured to the others to be ready to move on his signal. He glanced up and saw the moon appear from behind the clouds bathing the beach in a ghostly silver light.

His riflemen signalled they were ready to fire. He withdrew his pistols from his belt and cocked them. The noise of the others doing the same, echoed round the dip. Damn! Had this alerted the men below? No, the wagon continued to lumber down the sand; this was joined by the free traders and a taller man dressed as a gentleman, unlike his companions who were roughly garbed. Replacing his weapons carefully in his belt, he whispered his final order to Perkins and Reynolds.

‘Wait until we’re away from the dunes, then open fire.’

‘Understood, sir. Remember, boys, don’t get in our line of fire. Keep to the right, that way we’ll not hit you by mistake.’ This remark was for the benefit of the two new men, everyone else knew exactly what to do. They had done it many times before.

The unsuspecting group on the beach were fully occupied trying to push the wagon down to the edge. The two carthorses were straining every sinew, leaning heavily into the traces, but the weight of the gold and the depth of the sand were making it difficult for them.

‘Now, we’ll take them before they get the cart on to the hard sand. At the moment they’re too busy pushing to hear us approach.’

He didn’t need to worry about his riflemen’s efficiency. These two could take the centre out of coin tossed into the sky every time. Even in the semi-darkness their aim would be lethal. He beckoned to the four other men and, on his belly, crept through the tufty undergrowth, slithering down the sand towards the beach.

As they reached the edge of the sea grass he motioned to the others to flatten themselves on the ground whilst he reconnoitred. The voices of free traders and the count carried clearly through the darkness.

‘Buggeration! It’s bloody stuck again, ’ere, Joe, give us an ’and. Put your bloomin’ shoulder on the tailboard and shove. We don’t wanna be down ’ere all bleeding night. Them toy soldiers ’ave been taking too much interest in this bit to the coast just recently.’

Someone else spoke up. ‘It ain’t us makin’ all the rattle; shut your gob, you stupid bugger.’

A figure moved away from the wagon and walked towards the sea. The man was carrying a carpetbag and wearing a heavy drab coat but was unmistakably the Frenchman. Ned scoured the inky water - was that something?

Yes - a rowing boat was sculling steadily to shore and was about three hundred yards from the beach. There was a soft exchange of French - the moment for action had arrived. If he delayed any longer whoever was in the boat could tip the balance, and not in their favour.

‘Right! Keep low, and for God’s sake keep your head down. Your face will reveal you before you have them in range.’ He didn’t wait for them to reply. In a crouching run he led the charge across the beach pulling out his pistols as he did so.

The stench of unwashed humanity closed his nostrils - he was near enough. Raising his guns, he fired. The noise of several shots shattered the peace and the screams of the men that were hit merely spurred him on to complete his mission. Tucking his spent weapons into his belt he drew his sword and raced to reach the count before the bastard was picked up by the frantically rowing Frenchmen.

The loud crack of rifle fire echoed across the carnage and the last two men who had accompanied the ill-fated wagon slumped to the sand. Leaving his men to complete the ambush Ned continued his dash towards the sea. Count Everex was screaming at the oncoming dinghy as he waded into the sea.

Icy water filled his boots as he splashed closer and closer to his quarry. He didn’t want to kill the man, but if the choice was losing him or killing him, he wouldn’t hesitate.

‘Give up, Everex, you’ve lost. My marksmen will drop you where you stand if you attempt to board that vessel.’

‘Never! Kill me if you must, you will not take me otherwise.’

The sabre sliced through the air cutting deeply into the count’s left arm. The man staggered and fell to his knees, clutching the wound in a vain attempt to stem the blood. ‘I surrender, Weston. I’ll come with you.’

Ned sheathed his sword and his teeth flashed white in the moonlight. It was over. No one was hurt apart from the traitors. All that remained was for his men to load the bodies on to the wagon and dispose of them. The gold and prisoner would be collected at the rendezvous by Andover.

‘Come along, you traitorous bastard, my superiors wish to speak with you before they send you to the gallows.’ He reached down to haul the injured man to his feet, turning his back for a moment on the Frenchmen in the dinghy out to sea. Perkins and Reynolds would have them covered, that was their job.

Then a second bank of clouds obscured the moon and the riflemen could no longer see the shore. Realizing his danger Ned turned, still gripping the panting count by his shoulder. A second fusillade of shots reverberated across the deserted beach, this time they came from the dinghy and not from the beach. A shot penetrated his shoulder and he staggered forward, almost losing his balance.

The thickness of his cloak had absorbed some of the force of the ball, but he was injured and needed urgent medical attention. ‘Riley, I’m hit, dammit! Come and take this vermin from me. Tie up his arm before he bleeds to death.’

Billy appeared at his side and offered a steadying arm around his shoulders. ‘Thank you, lad, you did well tonight. Assist me to the wagon; I expect they’ll have a lantern we can light. I want to interrogate this man before he passes out.’

He was in as much danger as the prisoner of falling into unconsciousness. The walk across the sand seemed endless. His sodden cloak and water filled Hessians weighed him down making every footstep difficult. He had to find something to stem the blood.

Fred had found the tinderbox and two lanterns bathed the wagon in flickering golden light. He sagged against the wooden side, using his good arm to support him. There were pounding footsteps and Perkins and Reynolds arrived at his side. They knew what to do; this was not the first time one of them had been injured in a skirmish.

‘Here, Billy lad, hold the lantern closer, let me get a proper look at his lordship.’ Perkins gently peeled back his jacket and shirt. ‘You’re lucky, sir. The bullet’s gone right through. You’ll be right as trivet in a day or two.’

Ned gritted his teeth as a pad of folded cloth was pressed on either side of his shoulder and then bound tightly with two strips torn from the bottom of his own shirt. He was light-headed, but quite capable of conducting the interview with the Frenchman. He wanted to know whose idea it had been to target his future wife. ‘That will do, Perkins. I’ll manage until Simpson can dress it properly. Has Reynolds taken care of the Frenchman?’

‘He’s about finished, my lord, we’ve got him in the back of the wagon.’ The man knew better than to offer his assistance to his master, unless asked for it.

Ned pushed himself upright, and exerting all his willpower strode round to the tailgate as though his injury was trifling. The count gulped as he saw death staring back at him. His bladder emptied much to the repugnance of the man who received the steaming liquid on his boots. With a grunt of disgust Reynolds shook his foot but didn’t step away.

Not a flicker of sympathy at the Frenchman’s misery crossed Ned’s face. This man had betrayed the country in which he lived, not for altruistic reasons, but to fill his own pockets, which was even worse.

‘Everex, before my men take you to London for interrogation, I wish to know one thing. What maggot got in your brain and persuaded you that trying to kill Miss Coombs would make me less aware of your activities?’

The count gawped at him as if he’d been speaking in tongues. Ned felt a surge of fury; nobody, least of all this abject specimen, ever denied him the information he sought. He slammed both hands down on either side of the shivering body, putting his face and inch from the Frenchman’s. ‘Answer me, damn you!’

‘I know nothing about the attacks on Miss Coombs; I have every admiration for your lovely lady and whatever my shortcomings, I wouldn’t harm a hair of her head.’

With difficulty Ned straightened, the jolt to his injured shoulder had started the bleeding again. ‘And what about the free traders? Was it their idea?’

‘No, they’ve not been near Headingly. You’re the local magistrate, why should they do anything to attract your attention?’ The man frowned and shook his head as if something puzzled him. ‘Lord Weston, why are you here alone? Where are the militia? I had no idea a magistrate acted independently,’ he seemed to shrink back into himself before continuing, ‘no idea you could be so ruthless and kill without hesitation.’

‘You’re a clever man, work it out for yourself.’ Ned had seen enough and heard enough: the man was a liar. Whatever his threats he was in no shape to carry them out. He would leave Major Carstairs to elicit further information.

‘Take him away, Perkins. Lord Andover will be waiting for you. I must return home before I’m incapable of doing so.’

He turned and began the long march back across the beach, a distance he’d covered at a run less than thirty minutes before. He was sweating and his knees felt weak by the time he got to dip where they had all gathered before the ambush.

He swayed, and his teeth started to chatter. It was damn cold out here. His eyes misted. Slowly he toppled forward, face first, into the sand.





Chapter Twenty-three





The stable yard was empty when Penny arrived the following morning. She had been unable to sleep and had dressed in the riding habit Mary had left out for her and slipped quietly through the house and let herself out of the side door. She shivered in the early morning chill, not content until she had checked Bruno was safely in his stable.

The loose box doors were still shut and she could hear the horses moving restlessly inside. They seemed as eager as she to start their morning. Knowing that the stallion was in the third box, she picked her way across the damp cobbles and pressed her ear to the door. She stepped back, smiling happily, Bruno was inside.

‘Mornin’, Miss Coombs, you’re bright and early today. Shall I saddle up Phoenix for you?’ The sleepy stable boy doffed his cap. Penny was already a firm favourite in the yard.

‘Thank you, I apologize for being so early, but I couldn’t sleep and thought a ride was exactly what I needed.’

By the time she was mounted and ready to leave there was movement above the stables where the grooms and stable boys were accommodated. This morning she didn’t need to wait for anyone to accompany her; the danger was over. For the first time since she’d arrived she was free to go where ever she wished without fear of being ambushed.

‘In case anyone asks in which direction I’m riding, could you tell them I’m going through Home

Wood and back round the ornamental lake.’

Not waiting for an answer, she trotted out of the yard and down the track that led to the woods. When she returned two hours later the stables were a hive of activity. Billy was waiting for her, a serious expression on his face. What could be the matter? Surely all those involved in last night’s activity should be as happy as she was that everything was over?

Reining in beside him, she waited for him to assist her to dismount. ‘Miss Coombs, Simpson has been searching for you. His lordship has taken a turn for the worse and is calling for you.’

Ned had been perfectly fit last night. For a second the import of the information failed to register. Then she understood what he was trying to tell her; Ned had been injured during the night. She swallowed the lump in her throat.

‘I shall be there directly, Billy. Nobody else is unwell, I take it?’

‘The count was taken poorly last night and is now with friends. He’s expected to make a full recovery.’

What the other grooms made of this conversation she’d no idea, but it made perfect sense to them. Both Ned and the count had been injured during the attack. The count, it would appear, was now in captivity and would make a full recovery. As she ran along the brick path to the side door she prayed Ned was not too badly hurt.

She paused at the bottom of the stairs undecided whether to race up and change or go immediately his apartment. The sun was already warm, her habit too heavy and cumbersome for wearing in doors. Deciding it would be wise to change she arrived pell-mell in her bed chamber causing Mary to drop the laundry she was carrying.

‘Lord Weston is very poorly this morning and I must change immediately and go down to see him. Is my bath ready?’

The woman nodded. ‘It is, miss. Here, let me help you undress. I have your day dress ready.’

Less than fifteen minutes later Penny was on her way downstairs simply dressed in a forget-me-not blue muslin gown. She hurried past Foster who was hovering at the bottom of the stairs obviously wishing to way lay her.

‘I’m sorry, I cannot speak to you now. I am urgently required in Lord Weston’s apartments. If it is a query about the garden party to be held in four days’ time, kindly speak to either Lady Dalrymple or

Mrs Weston.’

She arrived breathless at the door, pausing for a moment before knocking.

‘Miss Coombs, at last.’ The valet stepped to one side, indicating she should come in. Once the door was firmly closed behind her he continued. ‘Lord Weston was shot in the shoulder last night. The bullet passed through, but he lost too much blood before they managed to get him home. He has now developed a morbid fever. He has been calling for you in his delirium.’

‘You should have sent for me right away. I should never have gone out riding this morning if I’d known he was injured.’ She walked straight through the drawing-room and into Ned’s bedchamber.

The shutters were drawn but the bed hangings were not and she saw him lying in the bed. Her stomach contracted. He was pale apart from the bright flush of fever across his cheeks. He was tossing his head from side to side and mumbling incoherently.

She ran to his side and, pulling up a nearby stool, sat down, taking his limp hand in hers.

‘Ned, darling, I’m here now. I’ll take care of you.’ His hands were burning. She needed to cool him down. ‘Have you been sponging him with tepid water? We need to reduce his fever and our doctor swears it is the only way. Blood-letting and leaches only make things worse.’

‘I’ll fetch a basin and cloths directly, Miss Coombs. I don’t know why I didn’t think of it myself; makes a lot more sense than taking more blood from someone who has already lost as much as his lordship.’

For the next few hours Penny and Simpson took it in turns to sponge him down with cool water. He continued to talk nonsense; the only recognizable words were her name which he repeated constantly. She murmured soothingly all the time she was working at his side and her voice eventually calmed him.

By evening he was showing definite signs of improvement and she thought it would be safe to leave him with Simpson whilst she went to speak to her aunt who had chosen to have the tray sent up to her rooms.

‘My dear, how is Lord Weston? We have all been so worried. Mr Weston told us his cousin is not normally so poorly.’

Penny flopped down beside her aunt on the day bed. ‘Ned’s fever is abating; I would not have left him otherwise.’ She viewed the supper tray, standing on an octagonal side table, with interest. ‘Have you finished with this, Aunt Lucy? I’m famished - I haven’t eaten anything today.’

‘Cook sent up enough to feed four people. Please help yourself, there’s plenty there for you. I can highly recommend the rabbit pasty and the apple pie.’

‘That was delicious. I have eaten most of it; Cook will think you have a prodigious appetite, Aunt Lucy, and send your even more next time.’ Penny pushed the tray to one side and stood up. ‘I feel much better now, but I’m afraid I must return to the sick room, poor Simpson has had no supper either.’

‘I hope you will not spend much longer nursing Lord Weston, my dear. Remember it is the garden party the day after tomorrow and you need to look your best.’

She shook the crumbs from her skirt, smiling at her aunt as she did so. ‘Don’t remind me! After that it’s the ball, and then it will be our wedding day. I’m relying on you and Mrs Weston to have matters in hand.’

‘Indeed we do! We have jugglers, fire eaters, stilt walkers, as well as the balloon ascents and the fireworks. The garden party will be delightful. Mr Weston is organizing the firework display, I believe

he has knowledge of such matters.’

‘I can’t wait. It’s years since I attended such a function and I can’t remember ever seeing fireworks at a private house before. What about the ball? Have we had all the replies in yet?’

‘Of course. Lord Weston’s family are arriving over the next two days so that they may attend all the festivities connected with your wedding. Headingly Court will be bursting at the seams by the time everyone is here.’

‘It’s a pity we have no relatives to invite. Our side of the church is going to look decidedly empty.’

‘Penny, my dear girl, I have already thought of that. I sent invitations to all our friends in Nettleford. They shall not need to stay overnight, of course, but they will be here to support you and attend the wedding breakfast.’

Impulsively Penny leant down and kissed her aunt. ‘I knew I could rely on you. Thank you so much. Please forgive me, I must hurry back, but hopefully I’ll see you with good news tomorrow morning.’

‘There is no need to thank me, dear child, it is my absolute pleasure. I have not felt so animated for years. Now run along and take care of your young man.’



Around midnight Ned’s fever finally broke and his eyes opened. The room was dark as only a few candles were burning. For a moment he was disorientated and had no idea where he was or why he was in bed. Slowly the events of the previous night filtered back. He had been shot by the Frenchmen in the dinghy.

‘Simpson, I need a drink.’ The shadowy figure standing by the window gazing out across the moonlit park turned. He frowned. What the devil was Penny doing in his chambers in the middle of the night?

‘Please, don’t look so cross, my dear. I’m sure I’m quite capable of fetching you a drink of lemonade.’

She walked across to a side table and the welcome sound of liquid tipping into a glass filled the room. ‘Why are you here? Simpson should be taking care of me.’ He sounded ungracious, but couldn’t help himself.

She came to his side and supported his head whilst he drank. Dammit! He was as feeble as a kitten. ‘How long have I been lying here? Has there been a message from Andover or Carstairs?’

‘So many questions; I shall answer them in turn. I’m here because you’ve been very ill and Simpson asked me to help him nurse you. He’s now resting, but will relieve me very shortly.’ She sat down beside him. ‘You’ve been in bed for twenty-four hours and as far as I know there have been no messages from anyone.’

He closed his eyes letting the information sink in. ‘Am I well, now?’

Her chuckle made his eyes fly open. ‘I believe you’re the best judge of that, my love. I can tell you that your fever has broken and you’ve no putrefaction in your wound. I expect in two or three days you’ll be able to get up and no one will be any the wiser.’

His lips curved and he reached out to take her hand. ‘It’s over, sweetheart. All the traitors are dead apart from Everex, who at this very moment is being interrogated by someone in London. It’s from there that I’m expecting a message to tell me what they discovered.’

He ran his thumb slowly over her hand, loving the smoothness. ‘We can relax and enjoy the next

few days. I promise I shall be up and about in good time to share in the festivities.’

‘I realized everything was back to normal when Billy told me what happened. I’ve already ridden without an escort. I cannot tell you how wonderful it feels not to be looking over one’s shoulder all the time.’

Holding her was beginning to produce a restless feeling which he recognized only too well, and he was almost relieved when she gently disengaged her hand and returned it to her lap.

‘You’re obviously feeling a lot better, my love, and I rather think it’s time I found Simpson.’

‘Do that – and the sooner the better.’ He shifted uncomfortably and scowled as she grinned at him obviously understanding the reason for his discomfort.

‘I shall go and call him. Are you sure you wouldn’t like me to assist you? Perhaps if you cannot manage I could fetch you a suitable receptacle?’

‘Go away! Is a man to have no privacy?’

He could hear her talking softly to Simpson in the dressing room and to his astonishment he heard his dour manservant actually laughing. A wave of pleasure swept through him. Already his staff loved her and she was going to turn his house into a home. He was counting the minutes until she became the next Countess of Rushford.



Penny slept late the next morning. The hour was after ten o’clock when she opened her eyes to find her room sprinkled with dappled sunlight. Mary had left the shutters closed but the heavy curtains had been drawn back. For once in her life she refused to feel guilty for not getting up with the lark as her father had taught her.

She stretched luxuriously revelling in the unaccustomed feeling of being in bed so late in the day. She smiled as she remembered her time in London when society dictated that no lady appeared before noon and afternoon visits were known as morning calls. She had always got up before seven thirty, whatever time she’d found her bed the previous night.

Today she felt indolent; totally content. Ned was out of danger and so was she. She sighed happily and reached out to ring the little brass bell that stood on the bedside table. Mary appeared a few moments later looking equally pleased with life.

‘Good morning, Miss Coombs, we’re ever so pleased Lord Weston has made a complete recovery from his fever. Mr Foster and Brown were considering cancelling the garden party.’

‘That would be a shame as I know how much you’re all looking forward to it downstairs. However, I doubt if his lordship will be well enough to attend in person. It’s important he makes a complete recovery before the ball and imperative that he’s fully fit when we get married the following day.’

Penny dressed in a becoming jonquil day dress, perfectly set off by a sash of gold and a row of topaz buttons that ran down the closely fitting bodice. She decided it would be safe to wear the matching slippers as she would have no time to spend gallivanting in the garden.

After visiting Ned she must greet the many guests, including his two sisters and their families, that were arriving during the day. He was out of bed, sitting palely in an upright armchair in his parlour drawing room. His smile sent her pulses racing. She ran across and dropped to her knees by his side.

‘My love, I’m glad to see you looking better.’

‘Seeing you is like having the sun come out from behind a bank of black clouds.’ He smoothed back her hair, cupping her face, stared down at her and the strength of his love washed over her. How could she ever have doubted the veracity of her own feelings? She loved him. She spoke what was in her heart.

‘I love you, Ned. Our wedding day cannot come soon enough for me.’

‘And the night cannot come soon enough for me.’

She stretched up and kissed him lightly before stepping back. Simpson appeared in the door.

‘Good morning, miss, it’s grand to see his lordship looking so well. But he’s still very weak and I doubt he’ll be strong enough to attend the party tomorrow.’

Ned’s eyes narrowed. ‘Don’t fuss, man. I’m not going to cancel the event but it cannot go on without me to escort Miss Coombs.’

‘I’ve been thinking about that very thing. Could we not ask Mr Weston to impersonate you tomorrow? You have said yourself he is your facsimile. If I refer to him as Lord Weston then everyone will assume it’s you.’

‘Excellent notion, sweetheart. I’ll send Simpson out to find him. If he wears my diamond fob then the deception will be perfect.’

‘And if he looks haughtily down his nose at all and sundry, then even I shall imagine I’m walking on your arm.’

James was delighted to offer his assistance and agreed it would be best not to tell anyone of their plans. He also offered to act as host for dinner that night.

‘It was a sad affair last night, Ned, with neither you nor Miss Coombs present.’ He smiled at Penny. ‘I’m not suggesting I pretend to be Ned tonight, merely act as host. Our party numbers more than thirty now and they would think it decidedly odd if they were not entertained in true Headingly manner.’

She agreed with him. Brown had already told her at length about the magnificent meal that was to be served and Mrs Weston had already suggested they round the evening off with dancing. She had volunteered to play the piano.

‘Thank you, Mr Weston, I should be honoured to accept your offer. We have sufficient couples, Ned, to make up a set tonight. I wish you could be there, but you must rest and regain your strength for more important things.’

His wicked smile made her blush and she decided she had better things to do than be made to look a ninny. Tomorrow night there would be fireworks and she dreaded to think of the improper comment he would make if the conversation turned to that topic.





Chapter Twenty-four





The morning of the garden party dawned fair and bright. Penny spent much of the day closeted with Ned and Mr Weston discussing how best to achieve their objective, that of convincing the hoi polloi that it was Ned was attending the event and not his cousin.

‘I think we both know exactly what to do, Ned, thank you. You’ve given us so many instructions I honestly believe it would be easier for you to attend in person; for I’m bound to forget half of them and get it wrong somehow.’

‘I apologize, sweetheart. I have no wish to mar your enjoyment of the evening. You’ll be in excellent hands, but I would much prefer you were walking with me.’ Ned stood up and paced restlessly about his sitting room. He had not taken more than two turns around the room when he appeared to lose his balance and staggered against a small occasional table, sending it crashing to the floor.

James was at his side in an instant. ‘Come along, my friend, you’re not quite the thing yet, are you? Don’t you see, you have to be well on your wedding day? If it means remaining in your room for a day or two longer, then you must accept that.’

Simpson appeared and taking Ned’s arm guided him back to the upright armchair he had been resting in. ‘There, my lord, have a seat. I told you not to perambulate about the room.’

‘Don’t fuss, man. I walked into a table, anyone could have done so. There’s nothing wrong with my legs or my health.’ Ned scowled and Penny laughed at his expression.

‘My dear, you’re being ridiculous! You must do as Simpson directs.’ She walked across, resting her hand gently on his shoulder. ‘I must go now, I have duties to attend to. My aunt is too frail to check everything is as it should be and Mrs Weston has asked me to accompany her.’

His hand came up to cover hers. ‘Forgive me, darling, I hate to be constrained like this. I know I must rest another day or two. This bout of fever is far more serious than any I’ve had before.’ The gentle pressure on her hand reminded her that James wasn’t privy to their secret.

‘Simpson, I leave Lord Weston in your capable hands. Ned, I doubt I’ll have time to call in again before this evening.’

James accompanied her from the room and, as they walked companionably along the terrace, he pointed to the tower that loomed behind the house

‘Do you see that ancient pile, Miss Coombs? It’s the last vestige of a building that was on the site previously; it’s several hundred years old and still in very good condition.’

‘Is it possible to climb up inside? There must be wonderful views across the countryside from somewhere so high.’

‘Indeed it is. Perhaps this evening we could watch the firework display from the vantage point of the roof; it’s quite safe to walk around inside the crenellated walls.’

‘How exciting! Being able to see the party from so high up will be well worth the effort of climbing all those stairs.’

They parted company, she to join Mrs Weston, who was waiting for her in the drawing-room and he to continue round to the stables where Phoenix was being saddled. Mr Weston had kindly offered to exercise her mount for her today as she was far too busy to do so herself.

Penny went upstairs to change into her smartest walking dress at five o’clock that evening. Already the park was filling with excited villages and tenants all eager to participate in every moment of this unaccustomed treat. The air balloon was tethered, fully inflated in the same place it had been three weeks previously, on the ill-fated ascent she and Ned had made.

‘Mary, I think I’d better take down my cloak as I’m going to scale the tower to watch the fireworks later on. I expect it will be far colder up there than at ground level.’

‘My word! Not many folks go up there now according to Mrs Brown; she says as the stairs are none too safe. You’ll be careful, won’t you, miss?’

She smiled at her maid. It would appear that both she and Ned had loyal and devoted servants to attend them. ‘Mr Weston is coming up with me. I’m sure he would not take me anywhere unsafe. As soon as I’m ready you must go and prepare yourself; this evening is for you and the rest of the staff, not the guests at Headingly. The ball tomorrow is to be our entertainment.’

‘It’s a good thing some of the staff were happy to earn extra wages by working tonight, miss, or there’d be no one to turn the hog-roast, or dish out the fruit punch and the ale.’

The sound of music playing outside reminded her time was passing and she ought to be downstairs to greet her guests.

Mary stood back to admire handiwork. ‘I’ve always thought that a pretty bonnet, with the bunches of cherries and forget-me-nots around the brim, it suits you to perfection, if you don’t mind me saying so. And blue is always good with your eyes, it brings out the colour in them.’

‘Well, I shall have to go; enjoy yourself tonight, Mary, and remember, if you see me walking you must address Mr Weston as Lord Weston.’

Ned and she had decided that Mary, like Simpson, could be trusted to know about the change of identity, as her discretion could be relied upon absolutely.

In the hall several of her guests were waiting for her arrival. Sadly Ned’s sisters had sent their regrets. It appeared there had been an outbreak of measles in the nursery and both families were infected. Mrs Remington called out as soon as Penny appeared on the stairs.

‘My dear, Miss Coombs, how smart you are tonight. My girls are green with envy at the gowns you own.’

‘Thank you, Mrs Remington. Are Charlotte and Elizabeth already outside joining in the fun? Pray excuse me, I must go and collect Lord Weston from his apartments; we decided it would be wise for him to rest until the very last minute. It would never do to over tire him. ‘

‘Of course, I do hope Lord Weston is well enough to come outside. We have missed his company this past two evenings, although I own, his cousin is entertaining too.’

She hurried to Ned’s apartments, as eager as the younger members of the party to get out to watch the stilt-walkers, fire-eaters and all the other entertainment Aunt Lucy and Mrs Weston had arranged.

James was waiting for her and for a moment she thought Ned was smiling down at her. He was dressed in a fashionable square-cut jacket of blue superfine, cream inexpressibles and highly polished Hessians. His snowy white cravat tumbled down between the high collar of his navy blue waistcoat.

‘You look charming; I shall enjoy standing in Ned’s place and being allowed to escort the most beautiful woman in England around the park.’

‘Until you spoke, Mr Weston, I wasn’t sure if you were he. I do hope not he’s not unwell again.’ She glanced anxiously at the closed bedchamber door.

‘No, Ned’s very well. He decided it would be wiser to remain in his chamber just in case anyone wanders past his window and sees him sitting in here. It would spoil our masquerade if he was to be discovered in his armchair reading a newspaper.’

She was disappointed she couldn’t speak to Ned, but understood his desire to remain out of sight. ‘I shall leave my cloak in here, then when I send you for it, you shall know where to find it.’

James chuckled. ‘Am I expected to run errands for you, Miss Coombs? I thought my duties were to squire you around, not act as your abigail.’

‘In case you haven’t noticed, Mr Weston, there are no servants on duty this evening. Remember, they all have free time tonight and we must fend for ourselves. You can hardly expect me to run back and fetch my cloak.’ She smiled archly and they both laughed. ‘Shall we go? I’ve been hearing the music and the shouts and cries in the park and am as eager as a child to join in myself.’

The park was heaving with people of all descriptions, the only thing they had in common was their desire to have a good time. Children raced about screaming and laughing with pleasure as the fire eater swallowed his flames and the stilt walker strode past.

‘I must go and speak to Lady Dalrymple, if you don’t mind, Mr Weston?’

The years fell from her; the worries of the last three weeks, the added responsibility of being hostess at Headingly Court, all evaporated in the heady atmosphere of the garden party.

‘Have you any idea where Lady Dalrymple might be at this moment, Miss Coombs?’ He looked around the assembled throng. ‘Ah! I can see your aunt and my mother watching the air balloon.’

They strolled along the terrace and down the wide stone steps on to the smooth grass; the crowd parted as they walked through and men doffed their caps, women curtsied and small children hid behind their mothers’ skirts. It wasn’t often the tenants and villagers saw Lord Weston so closely.

‘Isn’t it exciting, Penny? I am almost tempted to join the queue and take a ride in the balloon myself.’ Aunt Lucy smiled happily. ‘Would you consider joining me, my dear? Or was your first experience to be your last?’

‘I have no intention of ever setting foot in the basket of such a contraption again; I’m sure tonight it’s perfectly safe. You have my blessing if you really want to take a ride.’

Penny realized James was uncomfortable being in such close proximity to his mother and obviously feared she would recognize him as an impostor and the whole scheme would be ruined. There was a gentle pressure on her arm and she responded immediately.

‘Ned and I are going to circulate, Aunt Lucy.’

‘I am sure you and Lord Weston will enjoy yourselves. No doubt I shall see you later.’ Both Penny and James heard the old ladies slight emphasis on the title and knew their deception had been discovered.

‘Will your aunt tell my mother, do you think, Miss Coombs?’

‘I’m sure she will not, she will understand exactly why we have perpetrated this masquerade. However, I’m surprised your mother didn’t greet you by name.’

‘My mother is slightly deaf; I doubt if she even heard our conversation and you see how entranced she is with the balloon? Her attention was firmly on that and not on us or Lady Dalrymple.’

‘I’m sure it doesn’t matter anyway - it’s the locals that we need to fool not Ned’s guests.’

Penny and her escort participated in all the stalls and sideshows, enjoying the excitement of the evening as much as everyone else. It began to get dark and the whole area took on a magical quality as the light of the hundreds of flambeaux flickered and danced in the darkness.

There had been an impromptu, and riotous game, of cricket played earlier when Headingly staff took on the villagers and tenants. Penny wasn’t sure who had won the game but agreed with Mr Weston that everyone thoroughly enjoyed it, spectators and participants alike.

The hog roast smelt delicious, but she decided the greasy meat, served on trenchers of baked bread, was not for her. By the time the balloon was untethered and disappeared over the house like a giant spherical moth, there was a decided chill to the air.

‘Could I ask you to fetch my cloak, Mr Weston? I believe the fireworks are starting soon and I wish to be warm when we go up on to tower roof.’

‘I shall do so at once; why don’t you wait here and watch the dancing?’

She rather wished she could join in, but that would be considered beneath her station, so contented herself with smiling and tapping her foot in time to the lively music.

This garden party had been enjoyable, but future events would be even more exciting. Despite the cool breeze that had begun to flow in from the sea, waves of heat travelled from her toes to the crown of her head as she anticipated her initiation into married life.

Mary was capering around in the arms off Perkins and she was struck by how happy she looked in his company. Mary wasn’t quite so old as she had thought; maybe moving to Headingly had been of benefit to them all.

She had been waiting scarcely ten minutes when James returned, her cloak folded neatly over his arm. With a flourish he shook it open and it drifted around her shoulders. He stepped in close in order to fasten the ties at the neck. To anyone watching it would seem a loving gesture, but to her his action was an intrusion. She recoiled slightly as his fingers brushed her cheek and James dropped his hands.

‘I beg your pardon, Miss Coombs; I did not mean to offend.’

Embarrassed she had upset him, Penny smiled. ‘I apologize also; I’m unused to intimacy with any man apart from Ned.’ Hastily she tied the ribbons of her cloak into a neat bow and placed her hand on his coat sleeve. She nearly withdrew it when she felt the tension in the muscles of his forearm, but decided she had better pretend she didn’t notice. There was already bad feeling between them.

The crowds were moving towards the terrace in order to get a better view of the forthcoming firework display. ‘If we wish to see all the set pieces, Miss Coombs, we should make our way immediately to the tower.’

James guided her expertly through the milling throng and they were soon standing at the foot of the short flight of steps that led to the heavy oak door. ‘I have the key in my pocket; it’s not left open because the stairs inside are steep and winding. It would be easy for the unwary to have an accident.’

She stood back as he inserted the key surprised it turned so easily. If no one ever entered the tower why did the lock turn so smoothly? It was dark by the tower and the small glow from the lantern he had given her to hold, marooned them in a pool of yellow light. The noise from the party goers had faded away as they moved round to the front of the house in order to get a better view of the forthcoming fireworks. .

She wasn’t comfortable away from everyone; the tower had a sullen look as if it didn’t wish to be disturbed. She was tempted to refuse to go inside, but this might be misconstrued. After all Mr Weston was Ned’s dearest friend and cousin, he would not take her anywhere unsafe.

‘Come along, Miss Coombs, we have over a hundred steps to climb before we reach the roof.’ He held out his hand and she climbed the three stairs to join him at the open door. ‘You go ahead, hold the lantern in your left hand and the rope that’s fastened to the wall, with your right.’

Penny did as instructed and feeling rather like the heroine in one of her more lurid novels began to climb the stone stairs. There were empty windows let into the sides which allowed a little moonlight to filter through. She paused to gaze out, but could see only a shadowy outline of the stables. About to resume her ascent she heard the unmistakable sound of a bolt being rammed home in a lock.





Chapter Twenty-five





‘Simpson, how much longer is this dammed party going to continue? I want to go outside and stretch my legs.’

His valet appeared from his tiny room at the back of the bedchamber. ‘My lord, it’s a little after ten o’clock. I believe the fireworks are starting at any moment and after that everyone will begin to make their way home. Miss Coombs, I’m sure, will come and tell you how things went.’

‘I suppose the terrace is thick with gawking spectators? The devil take it! I wish I’d never agreed to this ridiculous deception.’

They both heard the loud knock on the sitting room door and Ned nodded to his manservant. ‘Go and see who that is, Simpson.’

He flung himself into the winged armchair that faced the fireplace and scowled into the empty grate. Someone was coming to visit him; not Penny, but Lady Dalrymple. He stood up with a smile of welcome. The redoubtable old lady was coming in and nothing Simpson could do would dissuade her. Excellent! He could do with someone to talk to, and in the absence of his beloved, her delightful old relative would suit him perfectly.

‘Lord Weston, Lady Dalrymple insists on speaking to you.’ The flustered valet shrugged and stepped aside allowing the visitor to bustle in.

‘I knew it! Your cousin is identical to you in everything apart from his voice. I do hope you don’t mind me coming to see you, Lord Weston, I am not a devotee of fireworks; they are far too noisy and anyway I was becoming chilled outside.’

‘I am delighted to see you, my lady.’ Ned bowed and gestured to a matching chair on the opposite side of the handsome Brussels carpet. ‘Would you care to join me for some refreshments? Simpson can fetch us a dish of tea or perhaps something stronger would suit?’

Lady Dalrymple smiled. ‘A large brandy would be very acceptable, thank you. And perhaps a slice or two of plum cake? It seems an age since I ate last.’ She sat down and adjusted her skirts.

He watched with amusement as the old lady untied the bow that held her remarkable bonnet on her head and tossed the item aside. ‘Have you seen Penny, Lady Dalrymple? Has she enjoyed herself with James this evening?’

‘I saw them heading for the old tower, a short while ago; I believe they are going to watch the fireworks from up there.’

Ned frowned. ‘I had forgotten James suggested they watched from the top of the tower. I should never have agreed; it’s far too dangerous to be up there at night.’

Simpson appeared with refreshments and served them before bowing and leaving them to a private conversation. He sipped his drink appreciatively and watched his guest devour a large slice of plum cake with obvious relish. For such a small lady she had an impressive appetite.

‘Lady Dalrymple, have you thought about your living arrangements after Penny and I marry? It occurs to me that the apartments I occupy now would be ideal for you; they are well appointed and open directly on to the terrace. I shall be moving upstairs to the master suite when we return from our wedding trip.’

‘What an excellent notion, Lord Weston. I must admit I do find ascending and descending stairs a sore trial nowadays. Penny has not had time to discuss the matter with me, but I know she assumed I would join you both here.’ She smiled. ‘I loved living at Nettleford, but it will be a sad and empty place without my niece there to keep me company. If you can bear to have a garrulous old lady living here, I shall be very happy to accept your kind offer.’

‘Then the matter is settled. If you see anything you wish to have changed, tell Foster and he will organize it immediately’

In complete accord, they sat and sipped the excellent French brandy for a while. Then the night was rent by bangs and screams of excitement as the first of the large set pieces erected at the end of the park, exploded in the night. When the noise abated sufficiently, Lady Dalrymple spoke.

‘It was kind of Mr Weston to stand in for you, this evening. I find your cousin a delightful gentleman always pleased to offer his assistance.’

‘Yes, he has done it for me before, when I have been overseas or busy in London, but from today I have resigned my position in the government and shall spend my time here.’

‘Does Mr Weston reside here?’

‘No, he has a handsome estate about ten miles away. That is where he and my aunt live most of the time. I hope he now looks for someone suitable to settle down with, he will be bored without Headingly Court to manage’

Lady Dalrymple replaced glass on the table. She had been gazing at a pretty watercolour depicting a group of boys gambolling in a river. ‘Do you swim, my lord? I notice you have a lake and the sea close by.’

He nodded. ‘Yes, both James and I grew up like eels in the water. In fact he swims better than I do.’ He stopped as he saw her shocked expression. ‘Is something wrong? What is it, Lady Dalrymple, are you feeling unwell?’

‘No, my lord. It is just that… it is just that Mr Weston told Penny that the reason he did not jump in after her when she fell from a bridge was because he could not swim. She managed to hang on to her horse and he pulled her to safety. Mr Weston merely waded in to help her to the shore, Phoenix saved her, not him.’

Ned’s stomach churned. ‘Why didn’t either of you mention this before?’

‘Penny did not wish to embarrass him, believing that his lack of ability in the water was something he was ashamed of. Everyone assumed he was the hero of the hour and she had no wish to disabuse them.’

The blood drained from his face as the enormity of this information registered. He remembered the count’s insistence that he had nothing to do with the attempts on Penny’s life. It must have been James behind the attacks all along. And she was alone with him at the top of a hundred foot tower.



Penny stood immobile on the stairs not sure what to make of the sound she’s just heard. Why should Mr Weston wish to lock them in? Perspiration trickled down her spine as the explanation came to her. There could be only one reason why he wanted to be alone with her; he intended to make improper advances and didn’t wish to be disturbed whilst he did so.

The thought released her limbs and she started to run up the stairs praying she could reach the top before he caught up with her. Maybe there would be door that led out into roof and she could shut it behind her whilst she shouted for assistance from the top of the roof.

He was pounding up behind her. The fact he didn’t call out made it even more frightening. By the time she reached the door that led outside she was breathless, but fear made her strong. She shot through the gap, slamming the door, then leaning her weight against the wood, heart hammering in her chest, unable to think clearly. She must find a bolt, or key to turn, before Mr Weston arrived.

She could hear nothing through the thickness of the oak door; the only sound was from fireworks exploding and the cries of delight from the assembled populace. Her screams for assistance would go unnoticed in the hub-bub. Finally her groping fingers encountered what she sought; she grasped the bolt and pushed it across just as Mr Weston threw his weight against the door.

Terrified she stumbled backwards, catching the heel of her boot in the back of her dress she crashed on to the stones. For a moment she remained there too stunned to get up. Her lantern had flown over the battlements and smashed on the steps below. The only illumination was from rockets exploding in the sky.

The rhythmic thumping of Mr Weston’s boot crashing against the wood meant it would be only a matter of time before the bolt was ripped from the frame.

She scrambled to her feet and looked around. Was there anywhere she could hide? Was there something she could use to protect herself when he finally burst through? She waited until another rocket burst overhead, throwing a golden glow across the circular tower roof, in the borrowed light she stared around, desperate to find a weapon or a hiding place.

Too late. The door splintered and a man she didn’t recognize as the genial Mr Weston, erupted through the gap. Some instinct for self-preservation made her cower against the highest part of the crenellated wall. It would be too easy for a strong man to tip her over the edge everywhere else.

She wanted to scream, but her mouth was too dry. She closed her eyes, sending up a fervent prayer that somehow Ned would come to her rescue. This was a vain hope, but was her only one. She wasn’t making a brave show of it, but couldn’t control the tremors racking her body; she waited for him to make the next with her back pressed hard to the cold stone. If she did nothing to inflame his anger, perhaps he would calm down and be open to reason. How could this monster be someone Ned had known all his life and trusted implicitly?

‘Not so proud now, are we?’

His hot breath enveloped her. She flattened herself, hoping to increase the distance between them.

Then her head was jerked up by his rough hand on her chin.

‘Look at me, you bitch.’

Her eyes opened, but all she could see was a pale outline of his face. But she didn’t need to see his expression, the hate was pouring from him. This was not James Weston, this was another man completely. Someone she didn’t know.

He shook her head painfully from side to side several times before slamming it against the stones making her eyes water with the pain. Her legs buckled beneath her. She would not collapse abjectly get his feet.

‘I thought I was safe when he abandoned you and went abroad. But no, he changed his mind and fetched you here to be his bride.’

Spittle sprayed her face and she tried to brush it from her cheeks. Sensing the movement of her hands, he smashed her head a second time. This time she was unable to prevent herself from sliding ignominiously to the stones.

Her head was spinning and sticky wetness was trickling from underneath her bonnet. She mustn’t allow the blackness to claim her. Her only hope of surviving this encounter was to remain conscious and fight him. It wasn’t ravishment he intended – it was murder.



Ned leapt out of his chair, shouting to Simpson to fetch his pistols and a lantern. ‘Lady Dalrymple, Penny is in terrible danger. You must send a message to Perkins and Reynolds to meet me at the tower.’

He didn’t wait to shrug on his topcoat; there was no time to lose. Snatching the loaded guns from his valet, he tucked them in his belt and was out of the bed chamber at a run. Deciding it would be quicker to exit through the servants’ quarters, he slammed through the door in the panelling, the lantern swinging wildly in his raised hand.

Trailing his fingers along the walls to keep him steady, he pounded through the twisting narrow passageways to emerge, much to the astonishment of Brown and Cook who, being older ladies like Lady Dalrymple, didn’t enjoy the spectacle of a fireworks display.

The servants door was standing wide open and he took the flight of steps in one bound. He refused to think about what might be happening in the tower. Now was not the time to worry about possibilities. He arrived at the base of the building to discover the door was bolted from the inside. He threw himself against the door and ricocheted backwards, achieving nothing apart from bruising his sound shoulder. Perhaps he could kick the door in? He raised his boot and crashed it against the lock. This time he was catapulted backwards down the steps and, losing his balance, fell heavily.

Before he could scramble up he was grasped by his elbows and hauled to his feet. ‘You’ll not break the door down that way, my lord. The door’s too strong.’ Perkins and Reynolds hadn’t needed a summons; they had seen him tear past them in his shirt sleeves.

‘It wasn’t the smugglers, Perkins; it’s my cousin. The bastard has Miss Coombs at the top of the tower. If we don’t get in immediately her life will be forfeit.’

He stepped back to stare up at the stone walls that stretched up in to the darkness. ‘Yes! I have it. One of you must get in through that window and come down and unlock the door.’

Perkins eyed the small aperture dubiously.’ I doubt either of us can get in through that, sir. We need someone smaller.’

Ned swore viciously. ‘Billy or Fred – they’re smaller than you two. Find them. Fast. We haven’t a second to lose.’ At any moment he expected to hear a terrified scream and see his beloved girl plummet to her death from the tower top.

Before Reynolds left on his urgent errand two shapes emerged from the darkness. ‘Thank God! Billy, quickly lad, you must use the other three as a ladder. You have to scale them in order to climb in though that window up there.’ He pointed skywards and Billy nodded.

Ned watched helplessly, frustrated his injury prevented him from helping in the ascent. He stared skywards and to his relief Billy tumbled through the window. Seconds later the bolt was being drawn back. He led the charge up the spiral stairs, pistol primed and ready to fire in one hand, his lantern in the other. He prayed as he climbed that he would not be too late



Somewhere Penny found the strength to push upright using the wall to brace herself. A few agonizing moments later she was able to raise her head and stare at the man who meant to kill her. ‘Mr Weston, why are you doing this? I thought Ned was your friend, he trusts you as a brother.’

His harsh laughter sent a chill down her spine. ‘For years I’ve worked to keep this estate running smoothly, whilst he gallivanted around the Continent on his yacht spending the money I produce for him. Headingly Court should be mine. I am the rightful owner; he does not deserve to have this place. He has done nothing to promote its will being.’

She was talking to a man deranged by jealousy and envy. ‘You have a good income from your estates the other side of Ipswich, surely that’s enough? Is it worth killing me to remain the heir? Ned will never allow you to take possession of Headingly, not after this. It’s madness – why do you wish to forfeit everything?’

This was the wrong thing to say, it would only inflame his fury, but nothing she could say would change his mind anyway. All she could do was keep him talking as long as possible in the remote hope that assistance would arrive to prevent her death.

‘I think you’re forgetting something, Miss Coombs, I’m not the stupid man you both think. You’re going to suffer a terrible accident and fall from the tower to your death. I shall be distraught with grief and no-one will ever know things are not what they seem.’

Penny now registered the fact that this man had already tried to kill her twice before. He had tampered with the balloon, had paid someone to terrify Phoenix/so that they both tumbled from the bridge to the river, and had his paid assassins try and shoot her on her way over to Headingly.

‘You’re a monster! Whatever you might think, Ned will see through your evil scheme, cousin or not.’ His answer was to grab her by the throat and wrench her forward. She struggled furiously, knowing her life was ebbing away with every step he took towards the parapet. His choking grip prevented her from screaming, but her feet were free to kick and she did so with such ferocity his grip slackened an instant and she wriggled free.

She had a chance, if she could just reach the open door and get on to the stairway she might yet safe herself. If only her head was clear and her vision not so blurred. Her eyes had become accustomed to the moonlight and she could see well enough to race for her life, but he was quicker. She had taken barely three steps to freedom before his hands gripped her shoulders. He spun her around and she didn’t see the blow that landed on her temple and plunged her into darkness.



Ned paused for a second in the doorway to allow his eyes to adjust. Perkins reached forward and took the lantern, leaving him free to draw the other gun. Like a wolf he sniffed the air, assessing the situation before he acted. Stepping on to the tower he saw his cousin on the far side, a limp form in his arms. He was in the process of pushing her over the parapet.

He didn’t hesitate. He raised the pistol in his good arm, aimed and fired. James slumped dead, shot through the heart, still holding the unconscious body in his arms.

Two strides and Ned was beside them. He removed Penny from the death grip of his cousin and cradled her in his arms. He felt blood seeping through his shirt sleeve and knew his arrival could have been too late. He rocked back on his heels, standing up smoothly.

‘Reynolds, leave this bastard here, I will decide what to do about it later. I must get Miss Coombs inside. Perkins, ride and fetch the doctor from the village. One of you find the key, it must be in his pocket. Lock the tower. Remain close by – I’ll have work for you later.’

Billy led the way and he followed close behind. Fred trailed them. Between the three of them they made sure there were no further accidents.

As he ran across the grass his mind was racing; he had shot his cousin, he’d had no choice, but the repercussions could be decidedly unpleasant. He was fond of his aunt and didn’t want her to know what her son had done or how he had met his end.

He returned the way he’d left and by this time he’d formulated a plan that would cover up the perfidy of his cousin and his own part in his death. He halted briefly to speak to his man. ‘Perkins, tell Brown there’s been a terrible accident. Tell her Mr Weston is dead and Miss Coombs gravely injured, Say they both fell down the tower steps as they were descending and Mr Weston has broken his neck.’

Perkins understood at once. ‘Understood, sir. We’ll transfer the cadaver to his room and make sure the doctor gives us a suitable certificate.’

As his own apartments were nearer Ned decided to take her there. It would be damn near impossible to negotiate the narrow passageways with an unconscious body in his arms. He was forced to take the shortest route to the hall then continue through the house at speed, until he arrived at his own rooms. Billy, who had kept pace with him, flung open the door.

Lady Dalrymple was still there, waiting anxiously for news. ‘My lady, Penny has been injured in an accident. I’ve sent for the doctor, but will deal with her injuries myself until he arrives. Could you attend to Mrs Weston; my cousin has unfortunately been killed in the same accident.’ He paused for a second to make sure she had understood his cryptic message.

‘Lord Weston, what a terrible tragedy. I shall go at once to offer my support and condolences to Mr Weston’s mother.’

Simpson had heard the conversation and already had the bed turned down ready to receive the patient.

‘Miss Coombs has head injuries, Simpson, she’s unconscious and has lost a deal of blood.

Send for her abigail, it’s better if she’s present whilst we deal with this.’

Ned gestured to Billy and the young man vanished. ‘She’s too cold and still. I pray to God that things are not as black as they look.’





Chapter Twenty-six





Mary arrived scarcely five minutes after Billy had been sent to fetch her. Ned glanced up as the maid came in and tried to reassure her. ‘There has been a tragic accident, Mary. Your mistress has been sorely injured and poor Mr Weston has died. I need your assistance until the physician arrives.’

‘Mercy me! How dreadful! How did this it happen, sir?’ She hurried over to join him by the bed. ‘Here, my lord, let me do that, you look fit to drop yourself.’

‘It appears Miss Coombs and Mr Weston went to the top of the tower in order to watch the fireworks display. It must have been on their descent that they fell, as they were found at the foot of the staircase. Mr Weston broke his neck and Miss Coombs received head injuries as you can see.’

He watched the maid apply pressure on the back of Penny’s head and knew he could leave her in these safe hands. The woman was right, he did feel decidedly peculiar. He brushed his good hand across his shirt and it came away sticky with blood. Racing up and down downstairs and carrying Penny across to the house had reopened both his wounds.

He smiled grimly; Penny was not the only one who needed urgent medical attention. Vaguely

He heard Simpson returning to the room and the clatter of basin being put down.

‘Come along, sir, you’d better sit down in the sitting-room. You’ll do nobody any good if you swoon away in here.’

Simpson grasped his arm and guided him back to the chair he had been occupying scarcely an hour before. He subsided on to the seat with relief. He was at his last ebb. Closing his eyes he let the dizziness wash over him; at least when he was semi-conscious he didn’t have to think. He heard voices beside him and then somebody pressed something against the front and back of his shoulder wounds.

‘Here, young man, hold these pads steady whilst I bandage his lordship’s shoulder. I thought I had managed to avoid the necessity of stitches, but I fear I was mistaken. Both Miss Coombs and Lord Weston will need sutures.

‘Simpson, how is Miss Coombs? Has she recovered consciousness yet?’

‘No, my lord, I’m afraid to say she has not. However, the bleeding has stopped and she’s breathing more evenly.’

Ned relaxed on to the chair when the bandaging was complete. ‘It’s damn cold in here, fetch me a blanket.’

‘Here, my lord, drink this first. It’s sweetened wine; it will warm you and replace some of the blood you have lost.’

Obediently he swallowed and the rich red liquid began to restore him. ‘I’ll have another, Simpson.’ His man was reluctant, but a couple of glasses of watered wine would not make him bosky. His head was harder than that.

The doctor arrived a little after midnight. Foster brought him in and Simpson escorted him directly

to the bedchamber. Lady Dalrymple hadn’t returned and he guessed she was still consoling his aunt. He was glad Mrs Weston had a daughter left to offer her comfort; she wasn’t entirely alone in the world.



The grounds were eerily silent after all the excitement of earlier. Word of Mr Weston’s accident must have reached the crowd of revellers and, in twos and threes, they had slipped away, not wishing to intrude on the family’s grief. Word of the misfortune would be all over the neighbourhood by morning. At least he wouldn’t have to send out cancellations to the ball: all the guests would know it could no longer take place.

He jolted upright, sending agonizing twists of pain through his shoulder. Good grief! The ball was not the only thing that would have to be cancelled. Neither Penny, nor he would be in a fit state to go ahead with the wedding in two days’ time.

When the doctor eventually re-emerged Ned was fully awake and watching the door. ‘How is Miss Coombs? Will she do?’

The elderly man, dressed in faded black, nodded. ‘Yes, my lord. The head injury required several stitches, but it’s superficial. She’s already recovering from the blow that knocked her unconscious. I believe she has suffered a slight concussion, nothing worse, and in a few days will be fully restored. However, I do not recommend moving her tonight. It would be better if she remain where she is.’

‘No matter. Thank you, sir, I’m quite happy to spend the night here in this arm-chair.’

The doctor came across to examine his injuries. ‘I must apologize, my lord, but it will be impossible for me to deal with these wounds whilst you’re sitting in a winged-chair. Could I ask you to remove yourself to the daybed? It will make it so much easier for me to stitch you up.’

Simpson and the doctor gripped him by the elbows and somehow he managed to place one foot in front of the other until he collapsed on to the chaise-longue. ‘Hell and damnation! I thought I had recovered, but my legs were shaking like a blancmange.’

‘When did you receive your injury, Lord Weston?’

‘I forget, three days ago and I think.’

Simpson spoke up. ‘Yes, it was three days ago. I did the best I could, Dr Green, but I hadn’t expected his lordship to be running up and down flights of stairs and carrying Miss Coombs across the garden.’

The doctor chuckled. ‘I shall now do what should have been done in the first place.’ With deft fingers he removed the sodden bandages and inspected the two bullet wounds. The doctor’s shocked gasp told Ned the man had recognized the significance of the two holes in his shoulder. Ned gritted his teeth as neat brandy was tipped over both sides of his shoulder and the doctor began his gory work.

He came to as the final twist of bandage was patted in place and securely tied.

‘Lord Weston, if this time you rest in bed for a day or two I’ll guarantee you’ll be as good as new by the end of it.’

Ned managed a weak smile. ‘Thank you, Dr Green. There’s another task I must request you to perform. I require your absolute discretion, is that understood?’

The doctor nodded, he had already heard there had been a fatality at Headingly as well as the injuries he had already dealt with. ‘Go on, my lord. I will do what I can to help.’

He gave him a brief account of what had transpired over the past weeks. The doctor was silent ‘As you can imagine, I don’t wish Mrs Weston to be any more upset than she is already; I don’t believe there’s any reason for her to know that her son was deranged and tried to murder both myself and Miss Coombs several times. Neither is there any reason for her to know that I shot him. I wish you to issue a death certificate stating that he broke his neck in a fall. Are you prepared to do that for me?’

Doctor Green didn’t hesitate. ‘Of course, it’s the least I can do in the circumstances. Mr Weston has always been the most charming and delightful gentleman. It’s well known in medical circles that madness of the worst kind can be disguised under a veneer of good humour and only when something like this occurs does anyone realize just how bad the situation is.’

He snapped his bag shut and stood up. ‘If you’ll have me taken to Mr Weston I shall issue the certificate straightaway. I suggest a funeral is held at once. I expect you will be well enough to attend in a day.’

Ned clasped the older man’s hand in a firm grip. ‘Thank you, I’m in your debt.’

He settled back on the pillows Simpson had found for him and pulled the thick comforter up around his chin. His shoulder hurt like the very devil, but now he knew his darling girl was going to be well, he didn’t care about his own injuries. He needed to sleep; maybe tomorrow he would make sense of what had happened, but until then he refused to dwell on the discovery that someone he had considered a loving relative, had been a lunatic with murderous intent.



Penny rested soundly in her unaccustomed bed. She woke as the curtains were being drawn back and sunlight filled the room. Still drowsy from her laudanum induced sleep she attempted to sit up. A stabbing pain in the back her head made her exclaim out loud.

‘Good heavens, miss, you stay where you are. The doctor said you were not to move from that there bed for at least twenty-four hours.’

‘Where am I, Mary? This is not my own room.’ Gingerly she touched the back her head and felt the softness of the bandage around it. Then she remembered. A wave of nausea swamped her and for a moment her head spun.

‘I’m afraid I have some very bad news, to give you Miss Coombs. Mr Weston, God rest his soul, fell down the stairs with you last night and he died when he broke his neck.’

Penny opened her mouth to deny that she’d fallen down stairs but closed it again quickly. This was obviously the story that was being told and she was not going to contradict it. But how had Mr Weston died? And why was she snug in Ned’s bed; for that matter, where was Ned himself?

‘Mary, how do I come to be in Lord Weston’s room and where is he?’

‘His lordship carried you back before being overcome himself. The activity tore open his shoulder wounds and the doctor had to stitch it up for him last night. However, Simpson says as he’s fighting fit this morning.’

The door opened and she looked round. ‘Good morning, my love, how are you today? I must say you look a deal better than you did last night.’

Her smile was radiant. ‘Come in, my love. I cannot believe my presence here obliged you to sleep in your drawing-room; could you not have found a spare bed somewhere in this vast establishment?’

Ignoring the scandalized looks from Mary, he strolled in and perched on the edge of the bed. Taking both her hands in his, he murmured softly. ‘They didn’t dare suggest it to me, sweetheart. I was going nowhere until I was certain that you were well again.’

‘I have a shocking headache, but otherwise I feel perfectly well.’ She glanced across at Mary rigid with disapproval at the far side of the bed. ‘Mary, I want you to go at once to the kitchen and fetch us something to eat. I am famished and I’m sure his lordship wishes to eat as well.’

‘Very well, Miss Coombs. I shall find Simpson and send him.’

‘No, you shall go yourself, and take Simpson with you. Lord Weston and I wish to be alone.’ She fixed her maid with a direct and compelling stare and after a few moments Mary curtsied and stalked, ramrod stiff, into the dressing room.

They waited until they heard the distinctive click of the servant’s door closing behind the two members of staff before resuming their conversation.

‘Tell me what really happened on the tower last night. I remember nothing after Mr Weston struck me down. He was going to throw me over the parapet you know.’

‘I know that; I’m sorry to tell you, my darling, that I was obliged to shoot him.’

‘I’m glad you did, my love. Otherwise he would have spent the remainder of his life incarcerated in an asylum. That would have been so much worse for Mrs Weston and her daughter.’

‘I agree. It’s strange that I pride myself on being a good judge of character, but never for one moment suspected that my own cousin was criminally insane.’ He bent forward and kissed her softly. ‘May I join you, darling? I had spent a miserable night stretched out on the hardest chaise-longue in England.’

‘This is your bed, so I can hardly say no, can I?’

She smiled as he swung his legs up and stretched out with a sigh of pleasure. She saw he was bootless, in fact all he had on were his breeches and his sadly mired shirt.

‘Ned, tell me, what shall we do about our wedding? We can hardly get married now there has been a death in the family.’

‘The physician told me that neither of us should leave our beds for at least a day. I’m perfectly agreeable to do so as long as you’re in the bed in which I must remain.’ His words slid like hot silk over her skin. His meaning was perfectly clear to her even in her befuddled state.

Heat suffused her cheeks and pooled in a most unexpected region. Breathlessly she whispered her answer. ‘Stay together here? You know we can’t remain in the same bedchamber overnight. We’re not married, and now that your cousin is dead, it could be six months before we can tie the knot.’

Lazily he yawned and his fingers stroked her cheek. ‘That is fustian, my darling girl. Once we have

totally compromised your reputation, even Mrs Weston will agree that an immediate marriage is essential.’

‘But nothing will happen - neither of us are in any fit state to misbehave.’

His eyes glinted with a strange dark light. ‘I can assure you, sweetheart, that after a good meal and a short sleep I shall be more than ready to misbehave as you so quaintly put it. However, I’m prepared to bide my time until you’re feeling more the thing.’

A strange languor was spreading over her making her limbs feel heavy. She turned her head in order to see him more clearly. ‘At the moment, my love, I can hardly move my head: but I’m certain that if I rest quietly beside you I shall be fully recovered in no time at all.’

‘Then I am content, sweetheart. I swear to you that I can’t wait more than a few hours before I finally make you mine.’

And he didn’t.





If you enjoyed THIS BOX SET you might like to try the other Regency titles

By

Fenella J Miller



The Duke’s Dilemma

http://amzn.to/13vvJed (Amazon.UK)

http://amzn.to/137Hqqc (Amazon.com)

The Duke’s Deception

http://amzn.to/YNU8Mz (Amazon.UK)

http://amzn.to/SGf9T6 (Amazon.com)

The Duke’s Challenge

http://amzn.to/Rhvcd6 (Amazon.UK)

http://amzn.to/Vv8tp6 (Amazon.com)

To Marry a Duke

http://amzn.to/RM17xE (Amazon.UK)

http://amzn.to/P4SjXp (Amazon.com)

Bride for a Duke

http://amzn.to/Qx5iy4 (Amazon.UK)

http://amzn.to/Ncf4lo (Amazon.com)

The Duke’s Reform

http://amzn.to/T4iaMx (Amazon.com)

http://amzn.to/Qx3yId (Amazon.UK)

Miss Bennet & Mr Bingley

http://amzn.to/11XyPXx (Amazon.UK)

http://amzn.to/YNVAOO (Amazon.com)



You might also like to try something different.

Barbara’s War

http://amzn.to/TLtZub (Amazon.com)

http://amzn.to/RM33Gs (Amazon.UK)

Hannah’s War

http://amzn.to/TLtfVo (Amazon.UK)

http://amzn.to/XCq9Wg (Amazon .com)





