The Risqué



RESOLUTION



a holiday novella





By





Jillian Eaton





The Risqué Resolution is a work of fiction.

All of the characters, organizations, and events

portrayed in this novel are either products

of the author’s imagination or

are used fictitiously.



Copyright © by Jillian Eaton 2013

http://www.jillianeatonbooks.blogspot.com



All Rights Reserved.



Except for use in any review, the

reproduction or utilization of this work in whole

or in part in any form is strictly forbidden.





Other Titles by Jillian Eaton



The Winter Wish

The Runaway Duchess

The Spinster and the Duke

A Brooding Beauty

A Ravishing Redhead

A Lascivious Lady

A Gentle Grace





Praise for Jillian Eaton



“My first book from this author and it won’t be the last. Once I got started I couldn’t put it down.” A Ravishing Redhead (Laurie, Bitten by Paranormal Romance)



“A must read for any historical romance readers who love a good romp through England.” The Runaway Duchess (My Book Addiction and More)



“Love at its most romantic heights.” A Brooding Beauty (Lauren, Amazon Reviewer)



“Jillian Eaton finds the perfect balance between intense emotions, sizzling chemistry, and light-hearted humor.” The Runaway Duchess (Steffi, Swept Away by Romance)





For Aga.



I don’t know what I would

do without our Wednesday vent

sessions. Thank you for

always making me

smile.





CHAPTER ONE





Kincaid Country Residence

Devonshire, England



37 days until Christmas





“Let me make sure I understand you clearly.” Sucking in a deep breath, Lily Kincaid pinched the bridge of her nose and fought the urge to scream. “Due to a clause in Father’s will, I must marry before the year is out or everything we own will be given to Cousin Eustace?”

Mr. Guthridge, the Kincaid’s lawyer for the better part of two decades, bobbed his head and rattled the paper he held in his hand.

A short, stout man with an impressive salt and pepper moustache and a propensity for stuttering, he looked as though he would rather be anywhere else in England than where he currently was: standing in the middle of the late Lord Kincaid’s study delivering the worst news imaginable to his eldest daughter. “Y-yes, I am afraid s-so. Your f-father made it quite clear before his p-passing that in order to receive your inheritance in full you will need to marry.”

“Before this year’s Christmas,” Lily clarified, her violet eyes narrowing.

“Yes,” Guthridge confirmed miserably. “That does seem to be the case.”

Unable to remain still, Lily began to pace the length of the narrow study. Her skirts moved in an agitated swirl of green between her ankles before she abruptly stopped in front of the window, braced her arms against the sill, and peered out across the back lawn.

Courtesy of a storm that had swept through two days before, the shrubbery surrounding the Kincaid’s tidily kept country estate was blanketed in a layer of fresh, powdery snow. Morning light reflected off the skeletal branches of a towering oak, its limbs heavy in winter slumber. Icicles, glistening bright as diamonds, clung to the wooden fence line that wrapped around the edge of the lawn. The very same fence line, Lily thought absently, that her father had been planning to repair before he passed away peacefully in his sleep at the not so advanced age of four and fifty.

For three months Albus Kincaid had been promising his wife he would fix the fence, but something or other had always come up. A new invention to create. A new discovery to unearth. A new recipe to learn. Albus had been a loving father and husband, but he’d never been a practical man, not in life nor, it seemed, in death.

“Mother is not going to like this,” she murmured under her breath.

“What was that?” Guthridge asked.

Lily turned and leaned against the window, letting the chill from the glass cool a rising temper that had nothing to do with the man standing in front of her and everything to do with the one who had placed her in this rather unfortunate predicament. “Was my father of sound mind when he dictated the will? Because if he was not of sound mind then—”

But Guthridge was already shaking his head before she had even completed her sentence. “I am afraid, Lady Kincaid, that your father was of very sound mind. He even wrote a letter” – the lawyer paused while he rummaged through his leather satchel before removing a square piece of parchment – “saying exactly that. Would you like to read it?”

Read one of the last things her father wrote before he died? Lily, who had not shed a single tear during the funeral or the three days since while her mother and younger sister wept buckets by the hour, felt her throat inexplicably tighten. “I… No,” she managed before she spun around and once again faced the window. “No, Mr. Guthridge, I… I believe you.”

“Very well, Lady Kincaid,” the lawyer said quietly. “If there is nothing else, I will leave all of the documents on your father’s desk for you to examine at your leisure. Although, I pray you do not take much time, for my next visit shall be to your cousin’s house.”

“My cousin?” Lily said blankly.

Guthridge cleared his throat. “I am afraid so. As he will be the main benefactor if you do not marry within the time allotted, he must be made privy to the will’s contents.”

Lily let her forehead fall against the glass with a dull thud. “What is the date, Mr. Guthridge?”

“The eighteenth of November,” the lawyer answered promptly.

“Thirty seven days,” she whispered.

“What was that?”

“Thirty seven days,” she repeated as she turned around. “I have thirty seven days to find a suitable match, convince him to marry me, and save my family from financial ruin.” She smiled weakly. “You are not in the business of giving out Christmas miracles, are you Mr. Guthridge?”

Looking more uncomfortable now than ever before, the lawyer shook his head. “I am afraid not. But perhaps with the help of your mother—”

“Oh no.” The very idea was enough to cause Lily to cringe. “Mr. Guthridge, I realize this is a bit unorthodox, but you must promise not to tell my mother about the will’s conditions. It will send her into a panic,” she continued hastily when the lawyer opened his mouth, “and right now she is so distraught I fear more bad news would be very ill advised. She loved my father very much, you see, and his death… Well, his death has been hard on all of… on all of us.”

There were those blasted tears again. They had a habit of sneaking up when she least expected them, no matter how hard she tried to keep them at bay. It was not that she did not want to cry. It was just that once she started she did not know how she would stop, and with her mother and sister falling into hysterics at the drop of a hat, someone had to remain strong.

Taking a deep breath, she ignored the burning in her throat, blinked away the stinging in her eyes, and said, “I appreciate you coming here at such an early hour, Mr. Guthridge. You have been immeasurably helpful.”

Gathering up a few wayward papers, the lawyer tucked his satchel under one arm and rubbed his mustache. “I am happy to be of service, Lady Kincaid, especially during this trying time. However, I really do believe your mother—”

“No.” Lily tempered the sharp command with her most brilliant smile. “That is to say, I would prefer you kept the clause to yourself… at least for now. Two weeks,” she said, confidant she could find a solution in that length of time. “Two weeks and you may tell my mother whatever you wish.”

She knew the lawyer didn’t like it, but in the end he gave a nod – albeit a reluctant one – and vowed to keep the most unfortunate part of the will to himself for the length of fourteen days.

Lily saw him out, all smiles and bright assurances that everything would be ‘quite well’, but the moment the door was closed she slumped against it, the last of her strength draining away as she closed her eyes. “Oh Father,” she whispered brokenly, “what have you done?”





CHAPTER TWO





Captain James Rigby, formerly of the second company in the eighth British battalion, was done fighting. Had been done, if truth be told, for the past two years, but it wasn’t until his arm was severed from his body that he was officially declared unfit for duty and sent home to England.

Losing a limb was a funny thing, James reflected as he sat in his study and stared blindly out the window at the darkening sky. He’d watched the doctor cut it off himself, watched him hack away at the rotting flesh and bone with all the finesse of a butcher while he drifted in and out of consciousness. And yet still he was caught by surprise every time he glanced down and saw nothing on the left side of his body save a neatly pinned shirt sleeve.

It had taken three men to hold him down on the table. A fourth to force his jaw open and pour the laudanum down. Even now, five months removed, he could still taste it, just as he could still feel his arm.

He closed his eyes, replaying the bloody memory that still haunted him day and night. A memory he wished he could cut away as easily as the doctor had cut away his flesh and bone.

James’ remaining hand curled into a tight fist of frustration that pounded uselessly against the top of his desk, shaking papers and sending a glass figurine toppling over the edge. He waited for the figurine to break. Waited for it to break, as he was broken. Waited for it to shatter, as he was shattered.

But the glass remained intact, and the irony that such a delicate thing could survive a fall unharmed while he, a strong, strapping man of only twenty seven had been reduced to little more than a cripple, did not escape his notice.

He wanted to curse. He wanted to cry. He wanted to shout to the high heavens about how bloody unfair it all was, but he knew once he started he might never stop, and so he bottled up the self pity and the anger and the emotion and buried it in a place so dark it could not help but fade into oblivion.

His heart.

A timid knock sounded at the door, alerting James to who was on the other side even before he heard his sister’s soft voice through the thick wood.

“James, are you all right?” she asked hesitantly. “I thought… I thought I heard something.”

“Something fell off my desk. Come in, Natty.”

The door creaked open a few scant inches and a pale face, oval in shape and quite pretty in design, peeked through.

At seventeen Natalie was a girl on the brink of womanhood, not that James liked to think in such terms although he supposed he would have to start. An arm, he reflected grimly as his once bright, vibrant sister darted nervously into the room, was not the only thing he’d lost during the war.

Time.

The only thing in life that was given and taken in equal measure.

When he went to France five years ago he left behind a rambunctious girl with dirt on her knees and pigtails in her hair. He’d returned to find a somber woman full grown, a woman who knocked where she once would have rushed in. A woman who frowned where she once would have smiled.

They said war changed the men who fought within it, and James knew that to be true. But he also rather thought it changed those left behind as well. The ones forced to wait and worry, never knowing if the next day, the next hour, the next minute would bring good news or bad. The ones forced to carry on with their lives as though nothing were amiss. The ones forced to grow up without a father, a son, a brother…

“I do not want to disturb you,” Natalie said, her blue eyes wide and wary.

“You’re not.” He spoke curtly, adopting the same brusque tone he’d used to send soldiers into battle. A tone that had no place in a gentleman’s study. Natalie faltered a step, her lips parting in dismay, and James bit back a growl of frustration. He already garnered enough frightful glances when he walked down the street – he did not need his own sister to fear him as well. And yet fear him she did, if the twist of her hands and the worried look upon her countenance was any indication.

Making a deliberate effort to soften his voice, he nodded towards the leather chair facing his desk and asked if she would like to sit. Natalie did so with great caution, perching on the very edge of the seat as though preparing to flee at a moment’s notice.

A silence rose between them like a wall, as unfamiliar as it was uncomfortable, and James could not help but wonder when he’d lost his sister.

Was it the day he left, when she clung to his side and begged through her tears for him not to go? The long months and years that followed? When their father died and she was forced to live with their aunt? Or after he returned, more a monster than a man, with no idea of how to live in polite society?

Frustrated beyond all bearing, James thrust a hand through his hair, pulling the long, unkempt ends taut. He was in desperate need of a haircut, a shave, and, he thought with a sardonic twist of his lips, a new wardrobe with all of the left sleeves removed.

“You look… nice.” Belatedly noting Natalie was wearing an ivory ball gown trimmed with light blue lace, James studied her with more attention to detail. Her chestnut brown hair was pulled back from her face and twisted up into one of those bewildering coiffures that defied gravity. Pearls – their mother’s, if he was not mistaken – clung to her ears and wrapped around her neck. “Very nice,” he said, a frown weighing heavily on his mouth. “What is the occasion?”

For a moment – a moment so quick if he’d blinked he would have missed it – a flash of irritation flickered in Natalie’s eyes before she slumped back in her seat, stared up at the ceiling, and mumbled something under her breath.

“Speak up,” James demanded, then immediately winced. You are not on the bloody battlefield taking a report, he reminded himself sternly. Calm yourself, man, before you frighten her further.

“I said,” Natalie began, her dark eyebrows pulling together, “I knew you would forget.”

“Forget?” His frown deepened. “Forget what?”

“The ball at Winswood Estate, hosted by Lord and Lady Heathcliff. It is fine,” she said hastily before James could say a word. “I… I did not want to go.”

Heathcliff. The name rang a bell of memory deep within the recesses of James’ mind. He struggled to recall its origin for a moment, then shrugged and let it go. He would remember in due time. He always did.

Leaning forward onto his remaining arm, James did a sweeping glance of Natalie’s attire and said dryly, “Is that why you are wearing a gown fit for a queen?”

Instantly a deep blush took hold of Natalie’s cheeks and her hands passed in a nervous flutter across her lap, smoothing an imaginary wrinkle from the thick folds of her dress. “I told you about the ball over a month ago but I… I suppose you were otherwise occupied.”

That was one way to put it. Another – even though he cringed to think of it now – was that he’d been a raging lunatic, drunk off his arse from sunup to sundown, with nary a coherent word spoken (or retained) in between. The pain in his arm had driven him to drink. The fact that the pain came from an arm he no longer had drove him to the brink of lunacy. By sheer will he’d brought himself back from the edge, but the journey had not been an easy one, and James was not so foolish to think it was even halfway finished.

How long would it take, he wondered, until he stopped trying to open a doorknob with a hand that no longer existed? How long until the phantom aches eased? How long until he woke in a bed not soaked with his own sweat? How long until he felt a shred of normalcy return?

“I take it the ball is tonight?” he asked after a long pause. The last thing he wanted to do was feel the weight of a dozen stares as he played the part of chaperone, but he supposed there was no getting around it. If he wanted to reacquaint himself into society – which he did, if only for his sister’s sake – then there really was no way around it.

Balls were long, tedious affairs filled with intricate dance steps he had never been able to successfully master and idle gossip he had no interest in taking part in. Although now, given his situation, there was one upside. No mothers would be sending their sparkly eyed daughters his way to dance, for who in their right mind would want to court the attentions of a cripple? He would be left in peace, Natalie would be able to waltz to her heart’s content, and hopefully she would begin to treat him as she used to.

That was all he wanted.

Not an enormous mansion, or a fleet of carriages, or a gorgeous woman on his arm. No, his desires were much simpler than that. All he wanted, all he needed, was for life to go back to ‘used to’.

“The ball began an hour ago,” Natalie whispered, still fussing with her skirts, her eyes downcast and her shoulders rigid.

James stood up. “Then I’d best get changed.”

“You… You want to attend?”

Someone – a maid, he assumed – had placed a sprig of holly on the corner of his desk in celebration of the impending holiday. The leaves were a dark, glossy green and felt like wax when he picked up the sprig and twirled it absently between his thumb and forefinger, sending the red berries spinning in circles. “Why don’t you ask Mrs. Fieldstone to have the carriage brought round,” he said, referring to their head housekeeper, a plump, pleasant woman who had loyally served the Rigby household for three generations. “And I will meet you in the foyer in five minutes.”

“Five minutes?” Natalie said doubtfully.

For the first time in recent memory, James’ mouth attempted to form a smile. The muscles stretched and tightened, pulling at the sides of his face in a way that was both familiar and forgotten. “Perhaps ten,” he said, acknowledging his disheveled appearance with a wry shake of his head.

After sleeping day in and day out on the hard ground, he’d grown accustomed to dirt. Smelling it. Tasting it. Wearing it. To him, the worn out trousers and tunic he was currently wearing were luxurious garments, but in reality they were far more suited for a beggar than a member of the gentry.

He had clothes, of course. More than he knew what to do with. But after being forced to wear a heavy, cumbersome uniform for longer than he cared to remember, James now welcomed comfort over quality. Unfortunately the rest of his peers still favored pomp and circumstance, which meant his current state of dress was a far cry from suitable for a formal ball. In all honesty he could give a flying fig what others thought of him, but he knew his actions and appearance would have a direct effect on Natalie, and so he would try – ‘try’ being the operative word – to engage in a manner befitting a man of his station.

The Rigby’s had never been nobility, but they were gentlemen, their wealth discreetly earned and just as discreetly spent. Their country estate was modest, their townhouse in London rented seasonally, but they had never wanted for money nor suffered due to lack of it.

“How is the marriage mart these days?” James asked as he walked around the side of his desk and out into the hallway. Candles illuminated the narrow passage, sending flickering spheres of light dancing up the walls and over the faces of his ancestors that now existed solely within the confines of silver edged frames. At the end of the hall, James knew, would be his parents, Harold Rigby on one side and Bernice Rigby on the other. Staring endlessly at each other in painted memoriam as they had never stared at each other in life.

James’ memories of his mother were vague at best, nonexistent at worst. She’d died of complications shortly after Natalie was born, and their father followed suit eight years later. Still a young, impressionable girl of nine Natalie had gone to live with an aunt while he… he had used his new inheritance to purchase an officer’s commission in the army.

“There is no one I am interested in currently.” Natalie trailed behind him, quiet as a mouse where she once would have made enough noise to wake the dead. James paused at the end of the hall and turned to face his sister. Even in the flickering shadows she seemed pale and withdrawn; a slim imitation of the laughing, rambunctious girl he remembered.

“What happened to you Natty?” he murmured, drawing on the name he’d used when they were children. His arm ached to wrap around her shoulders, to pull her close and banish the fear he saw in her eyes, but she was already so stiff he feared one touch would be enough to shatter the temporary alliance he’d built between them since his return.

Natalie stared at him, her expression guarded. “Not all wounds can be seen from the outside,” she said cryptically.

Something churned inside of James’ stomach. It wasn’t a pleasant feeling. “Natty, what are you—”

“I will ask to have the carriage brought round and meet you in the foyer,” she said, cutting him off mid-sentence before she spun in a swirl of white silk and hurried back down the hall.

Watching her go, James wanted to pound his fist against the wall, his need to strike something tangible so great it was like a living thing clawing at him. I cannot fight your demons when you won’t tell me what they are, Natty, he thought helplessly. Not when I have my own to contend with.





CHAPTER THREE



32 days until Christmas

The Winswood Estate

Home of Sarah & Devlin Heathcliff





The very last thing Lily wanted to do was attend a ball, and had it not been hosted by her dearest friend in the entire world she would have skipped it without remorse. Unfortunately, the ball in question was being hosted by her dearest friend in the entire world, and thus she found herself dancing at midnight in the arms of a man who possessed both a wandering eye and a heavy instep.

Unable to contain her wince when he trod on her foot for the third – or was it the fourth? – time, Lily bowed out gracefully as the musical strains of the waltz drew to a close. “Thank you for the dance,” she said politely even as her attention wandered across the room to where Lady Sarah Heathcliff – best friend and former wallflower extraordinaire – stood beside her tall, dark haired husband, her face tilted up towards his and her doe brown eyes glowing with adoration.

The Viscount of Winswood seemed just as infatuated with his wife as she was with him if the hand resting daringly low on her hip was any indication, and Lily couldn’t contain her quiet snort of laughter when his hand slipped lower and was promptly slapped away.

Sarah had married Devlin Heathcliff the winter before after a scandalously short engagement. She’d loved the handsome viscount from afar for years, but had only gotten up the courage to finally make herself known to him after no small amount of urging from Lily. Now, nearly a year into marriage, the two were more in love than ever before and Lily took her fair share of credit for their blissful happily-ever-after.

If only finding a husband of her own could be so easy.

As she retreated to the refreshment table and helped herself to a handful of grapes, Lily could not help but scowl. Nearly every eligible bachelor in existence was in attendance tonight, but nary a one had managed to catch her eye.

They were either too young or too old. Too arrogant or too meek. Too talkative or too quiet. Too… well, too everything. She wasn’t looking for perfection. Truly she wasn’t. But surely there had to something better out there than the current crop of fop minded gentleman who wouldn’t know an intelligent conversation if it smacked them upside their hideous wigs.

The very idea that she would most likely have to pick someone from this very room to marry was so depressing she set her plate of grapes aside without eating a single one.

“Are they too sour?”

In hindsight it was a very good thing Lily had put down the grapes, for if she was still holding them they would have certainly flown every which way. “My goodness,” she said with a laugh as she spun around.

The girl who had snuck up behind her was young, no more than sixteen or seventeen if Lily had to hazard a guess, with chestnut colored hair that framed a delicate, heart shaped face, sweeping eyebrows and pale, serious eyes. “You certainly startled me,” she continued with a bright, cheerful smile intended to put the visibly nervous girl at ease. “No, the grapes are not sour. Well, perhaps they are, but I wouldn’t know. I did not eat any. It seems I do not have much of an appetite this evening.”

The girl glanced down at her shoes peeping out from beneath the hem of her ivory gown. “Neither do I,” she whispered.

“Then why are you by the refreshment table?”

“Hiding,” the girl said succinctly, peeking up through her lashes.

She certainly was a pretty thing, Lily mused. Much too pretty to be skulking around in the corner of the room. Her shy, quiet demeanor reminded Lily of her own sister Elsa, a mouse like girl who was as different from Lily as the sun was from the moon.

Lily had urged Elsa to attend tonight but she had remained at home with their mother, leaving Lily no choice but to come with Aunt Fontaine as her chaperone, a dear woman in her mid-sixties who was half deaf and very fond of naps.

No doubt she was off dozing in a corner at this very moment, for Lily hadn’t seen her in nearly an hour which was plenty of time for Aunt Fontaine to find a comfortable chair, arrange her fan so it appeared she was watching all of the dancing, and fall promptly asleep.

“In hiding?” Lily echoed. “You really shouldn’t be, you know. Not when you look so stunning. Why, I remember my first few balls. I was an absolute mess! Hair every which way and you don’t even want to know what my dresses looked like.”

“I highly doubt that,” the girl said dubiously.

Lily grinned and perched a hand on her hip. “Trust me. It took quite a while until I hit my stride. At least your come out is during the Little Season. You will have plenty of time to practice before London.”

Taking place in the country as opposed to the city, the ton’s Little Season ran during the holidays while parliament was on respite and the upper class needed something to occupy their time. It was a more subdued affair than its counterpart, but there were still balls and luncheons aplenty. Sarah and Devlin’s little soiree was but the first of a half dozen or so balls leading up to Christmas… and Lily’s deadline.

Suddenly her smile became more forced, and it fell from her face all together when the girl asked, “Are you married, then?”

“No… I am not.” The words tasted bitter on her tongue and she forced them out with difficulty. How easy that question used to be for her to answer! No, I am not married. No, I do not plan on marrying in the near future. Why not? Well, quite simply because I want to marry for love.

Marry for love… A luxury she could no longer afford.

Again Lily wondered why her father would do such a thing to her, and again she could not fathom a reason. He had loved her. She knew he had. But just as importantly he had understood her. He knew she was not one of those women who dreamed day in and day out of finding the perfect husband, having the perfect wedding, and raising the perfect children. She wanted more for her life. She wanted more for herself. She wanted to travel to all the places she’d read about in her father’s atlases and experience new cultures and learn new languages. She wanted to live to the fullest with no regrets, and die an old woman content in her bed knowing she had done everything she set out to do. She did not want to marry a man she barely knew and spend the rest of her days chasing children and making certain the good silver was set out for their dinner guests.

And yet what choice did she have? She could not allow everything her mother owned to be passed on to Cousin Eustace. Even if he wasn’t an insufferable old goat with a nasty streak, Lily could not countenance the idea of her sweet mother being forced to ask for every shilling and pence as though she were some lowly beggar instead of the lovely, gracious lady she was. Not to mention how it would affect Elsa’s debut in the spring, or their entire future.

Lily had seen first hand what happened when a family’s inheritance was passed on to a distant relative. The very same had happened to one of her friends from finishing school. The girl’s father died, leaving the fate of his wife and three daughters (not to mention his fortune) in the hands of his brother. For a while all was well, but within the year the brother married, had a child of his own, and gradually began to take more and more of the inheritance that should have been saved for his sister-in-law and nieces.

Since the law so heavily favored men over women there was nothing that could be done. The last Lily heard of her friend she was living with her mother and sisters in a small two bedroom townhouse and was looking for employment as a governess.

I shall not let the same thing happen to Elsa, Lily vowed silently. Come hell or high water, I will find a husband.

She needed someone handsome, but not in the pretty way she detested. Someone kind, but not overly sweet. Someone intelligent, but not boring. Someone… Well, someone exactly like him.

As her gaze scoured the crowded room, Lily found her attention inexplicably drawn as though by some invisible force to the far opposite corner where a tall, dark haired man stood slouched against a large potted fern. Staring at him, she felt the queerest of flutters in her belly and a flush the likes of which she rarely experienced bloomed across her exposed collarbone.

She did not know what drew her eye to the man. Except for his height, there was nothing of note about him. He was not dressed in the best of clothes, nor the worst. His hair, pulled back in a sleek tail, was neither the shortest nor the longest. His face, with its sharply drawn cheekbones and prominent nose, was a few rugged lines away from handsome. His mouth, slanted at one side in an unmistakable show of disdain, hovered two notches above cruel.

No, he was no one of note. But in one long, lingering glance Lily found herself utterly and irrevocably captivated.

“Do you know who that is?” she whispered, slanting a sideways glance at her silent companion who she had, in all honesty, forgotten about until this very moment. Not that it was her fault. The girl – whoever she was – made about as much of an impact as the wallpaper, and heavens knew the brown and white pattern was dreadfully dull.

“Who is who?” the girl asked, blinking her large eyes and reminding Lily very much of a tiny barn owl.

“That man standing in the corner over there by the plant.” In her usual brash style, Lily lifted one hand and pointed straight at the stranger who had managed to capture her undivided attention. “He is dressed all in black. Do you know his name?”

For some reason the question caused the girl’s cheeks to fill with color and her fingers to interlace so tightly her knuckles gleamed white in the candlelight. “I… I…”

“Well? Who is he?” Patience had never been one of Lily’s virtues. She was of half a mind to march across the floor and speak to the stranger herself, but with the faintest of tremors in her voice the girl finally answered.

“His name is Captain James Rigby,” she said with obvious reluctance, “and he is my brother.”





CHAPTER FOUR





James could feel the woman’s eyes on him. He willed her to look away but she persisted until he finally lifted his head and met her stare for bold, unwavering stare across the crowded ballroom.

She was stunningly beautiful, of course. Flawless ivory skin. Ebony hair coiled in an intricate twist at the nape of her neck. A navy blue dress so dark it could have been black if not for the shimmers of color revealed when she shifted her weight to the side. The gown fit her like a glove, tight around her breasts and nipped in waist before spilling out in a wave of soft fabric. Her features were delicate, from the curve of her cupids bow mouth to the slight tilt of her nose. And her eyes… James sucked in a breath. Even from this distance he would see her eyes were the loveliest violet he’d ever beheld.

“Fairy,” he murmured, knowing no one could hear him, not caring if they did. From the very moment he arrived he’d sequestered himself in a lonesome corner of the room, preferring the company of plants to people. He had planned on giving Natalie another hour at most – the poor girl wasn’t even dancing – before he made their excuses. He didn’t belong here. Not anymore.

Oh, once he had. Once he would have strolled across the room, taken the violet eyed beauty by the hand, and swept her into a waltz. Once he would have drawn her outside and seduced a kiss from those perfect lips under the silvery glow of the moonlight. Once he would have left her wanting as he was now left wanting.

Wanting for courage.

Wanting for normalcy.

Wanting for his bloody arm back.

His teeth clenched as the all too familiar throbbing in a body part that no longer existed began to plague him. One more hour be damned. He and Natalie were leaving now, whether she liked it or not.

Tearing his gaze away from the fairy he searched the room with the same hard eyed meticulousness he had used to search for bodies on the battlefield. When one circuit revealed nothing he straightened and took a step forward, his muscles coiling and tensing beneath the heavy wool of his jacket. By sheer happenstance he glanced at the violet eyed woman again… and this time saw Natalie standing beside her, her face pale and her hands clenched tight.

James did not charge through the crowd, but he might as well have. He walked with long legged purpose, his gaze never leaving the frightened countenance of his sister, not acknowledging the men and women who scrambled to clear his path with little squeaks of alarm.

“What is it?” he said roughly once he’d reached her. Ignoring the woman at her side entirely, he lifted his hand to touch Natalie’s shoulder, but jerked it back when she flinched and cowered. “Natalie, I…” Jaw clenching furiously, he turned to the side. “You do not have to be afraid of me.”

“Not afraid of you?” the fairy chirped. “After the way you came marching over here? Why, I would be positively terrified. Mayhap you should try it again. You are in a ballroom, Captain Rigby, not a battlefield.”

James spun around, disbelief widening his eyes and thinning his mouth. Of all the nerve… “I do not recall asking your opinion,” he growled.

The fairy batted her eyelashes – her incredibly long, incredibly dark eyelashes – at him. “What a coincidence, as I do not recall asking your permission. Lady Lily Kincaid,” she said, extending one slender hand enclosed in a satin glove. “I only tell you that because you seem to be at a disadvantage, as I knew your name before you came stomping over here. Please, no need to thank me.” Her lips quirked in a manner that irritated even as it aroused. “I can see social etiquette is difficult for you and I wouldn’t want you to strain yourself.”

James stared hard at her hand, but did not take it and after a moment Lily shrugged and let her arm drop. “What are you doing with my sister?”

Her lashes fluttered again, causing a long, low pull in James’ gut that he resolutely ignored. “Isn’t it obvious? I am making friends with your poor sister to get to you. That is what you are thinking, is it not?” She snorted and, to his disbelief, rolled her eyes. At him. When was the last time anyone, let alone a delicate slip of a woman who barely came up to his chin, had the audacity to show such disrespect? His brow furrowed. In all honesty, he couldn’t remember.

“That’s what all you tall, brooding types think,” Lily continued, nonplussed by his dark glower. “Your sister and I were having an absolutely fine conversation before you muddled into it, thank you very much, and we shall continue to do so after you’ve muddled your way back out.”

James’ mouth opened. Closed. Opened again. “Natalie, come with me.”

“Natalie, stay right where you are.”

The woman, James decided instantly, was no fairy. No, she was far too obnoxious for that. A sprite, he thought with annoyance. The kind that were fabled to cause all sorts of mischief and mayhem. “May I speak with you in private?” he bit out.

Lily arched one dark eyebrow. “Certainly.”

He went to reach for her… with his left arm. The motion was so ingrained he forgot that part of his body no longer existed until it was too late. Thrown off balance by his own momentum he staggered to the side, bumping hard into the refreshment table. Pastries wobbled and grapes spilled out across the floor as he righted himself and, without a backwards glance, stalked to the nearest door and yanked it open.

The door led to a narrow hallway, the hallway to a dimly lit parlor.

Flames slumbered in the fireplace. James brought them to life with a few sharp jabs of a metal poker before throwing his body down into a leather chair and staring into the newly aroused flickers of orange and yellow light with an intensity that made his head ache.

When the door creaked open he didn’t turn around. He didn’t need to. There was only one person fool enough to chase after a man who was so clearly unfit for social company, and he had no intention of talking to her.

“Go away,” he said flatly.

The quiet shuffle of slippers on wood, a whisper of crinoline, and a short, annoyed exhalation of breath announced Lily’s arrival. “You said you wanted to speak to me in private.”

“I changed my mind.”

“Well, that may be, but since I am already here you might as well say what you wanted to say.”

James’ growl was nothing short of animalistic in nature. He curled his hand into the armrest, digging his fingers into the buttery soft leather, using it as an anchor to hold him to chair. “Leave. Me. Alone.”

Lily sighed. “I know we have only just met, but I must admit I feel—”

“I do not care,” James interrupted through gritted teeth, “what you bloody well feel. All I care is that you GET THE HELL OUT!”

Absolute silence followed his outburst.

James’ throat convulsed as he attempted to swallow the shame that accompanied losing his temper in such a vile way. To yell at a stranger for virtually no reason was bad enough, but to yell at a gently bred lady… Disgraceful. Beneath his tightly wound cravat his chest burned red and he buried his face in the crook of his shoulder while he waited for the inevitable tears to start and the door to slam.

Only there were no tears or slamming of doors, and after what felt like a small eternity curiosity finally forced James to turn in his chair.

“Yes, I am still here,” Lily remarked mildly. Standing in the middle of the shadowy room with her hands perched high on her hips, she stared down her nose at him and sniffed. “As you can see, I have not collapsed in a fit of hysterics nor have I rushed from the room crying for my mother. I am afraid it will take more than a bit of shouting to frighten me off, Captain Rigby. At the very least more cursing. You are quite loud, but not terribly inventive. Should I give you some better words to use the next time you feel like letting off a bit of steam?” Her lips curved. “I admit I know quite a few.”

“Who are you?” he asked in genuine bewilderment.

She stepped forward, moving so gracefully it seemed as though she wasn’t moving at all, except one moment she was across the room and the next she was leaning against the back of his chair, her face so close to his he could see a star shaped freckle high on her left cheek. The urge to kiss that delightful little freckle, to see if her ivory skin felt as soft as it looked, to know what she tasted like against his mouth, was so overwhelming James abruptly spun around and shoved himself forward, resting on the very edge of the chair, as far from Lily as he could possibly get without standing.

“My name is Lily Kincaid, as I have told you” she said quietly. “Although I believe the better question to ask would be who you are, Captain Rigby.”

He glared into the flames. “My sister told you who I am.”

“You name, perhaps, and your rank, but those two things do not tell me who you truly are. I would think you were still a solider, for you hold yourself like one, but you do not wear the uniform. You possess the arrogance of a lord, but not the patience for the mindless social games that accompany such a title. A gentleman would describe you best, perhaps, except I fear there is nothing gentle about you.” Lily lowered her voice, lowered her head, and whispered into his ear, “So who are you, Captain James Rigby?”

She smelled, James thought with an irrational surge of anger, like peaches. How the bloody hell could she smell like peaches in the middle of winter? The sweet, tart scent reminded him of a childhood long ago spent visiting a now dead aunt and uncle in the small coastal town of Brest. They’d owned a modest estate, and on the estate there was a poorly tended orchard of peach trees. He and Natalie had spent many an afternoon playing hide-and-seek in the secluded grove, eating fruit until their bellies ached and their chins were stained yellow from the sweet nectar of the peaches.

How simple life had been back then… And how very much he did not want to remember, nor be reminded, of innocence lost and never regained.

“Who are you to ask such a question?” Unable to remain still any longer, he lurched clumsily to his feet and turned so he felt the heat of the fire on his back, careful to keep the leather chair as a barrier between them. He had been too long without a woman to trust himself… especially around one as beautiful – and infuriating – as Lily Kincaid.

“No one in particular.” Lily trailed her fingertips along the top of the chair, caressing the soft leather. James imagined what it would feel like to feel those fingers trailing along his own skin… and felt himself go hard. “I am just a woman,” she continued, oblivious to the physical effect she had on him, “who saw a man across a ballroom and thought ‘now that is someone worth knowing’.”

“I am no one,” he said gruffly. Least of all someone fit for the likes of you, he added silently.

Even if he wasn’t a cripple, even if he could make it through the day without drinking half a bottle of whisky, even if he didn’t wake up every night soaked in his own sweat screaming out the names of men who were long buried in the ground, he wouldn’t have been a match for a lady like Lily. She was too delicate. Too easily broken. Too… too everything right, where he was everything wrong. No doubt someone had put the idea in her head that it would be a passing amusement to indulge in a bit of heavy flirting with an officer, and pure happenstance had brought her to him.

At the thought, James’ eyes narrowed and his mouth hardened. He was no toy to be picked up, admired, and cast aside at the whim of some bored debutante. Perhaps it was time for Lily to learn if you played with fire, you ran the risk of getting burned.

His mind made up to teach her a lesson – he had warned her to leave, after all – James stalked around the side of the chair and stopped short in front of her. The firelight bathed them in its glow, casting flickering shadows that climbed the walls in long, sinuous strokes of black edged with orange and red. Beyond the study faint strains of music could be heard, a reminder of a ball James had already forgotten about. His thoughts veered to Natalie and obligations better served elsewhere, but then Lily wet her bottom lip with a tiny flick of her tongue and he couldn’t think at all.

She tipped her head back, her unusually colored eyes steady on his. The air itself seemed to hum, filled with an electricity so potent it set the hairs at the nape of his neck on edge. His hand clenched, muscles tightening and bulging beneath his overcoat. One step closer. Another. The lapels of his jacket brushed against the bodice of her gown. Lily drew in a sharp breath. Her eyes closed…

Without warning his determination wavered.

Like a ship whose rudder had been knocked askew James was thrown off course and left reeling in waves of self doubt and indecision. What woman in her right mind would want to kiss him? What woman would want to be held by a man who was less than whole? None, came the immediate answer, and certainly not this one. She’s too good for you, James. You’re a crippled ex-solider who is most likely more than a little half mad. Leave before you’re the one left, you bloody fool.

Lily’s eyes opened. “Captain Rigby? What is the matter?”

“I… I…” But words failed him and, without knowing what else to do, he shoved roughly past and fled the room as though the very demons of hell were nipping at his heels.





CHAPTER FIVE





Well that had certainly not gone as planned.

As she watched the door to the study swing back and forth, propelled into motion by James’ hasty exit, Lily made a soft humming sound of distress and sank into the nearest chair. All she wanted was a bit of conversation, and – if she were being honest – a kiss. The notion of James’ mouth covering her own had been a thrilling one, and it had taken all of her self control not to launch herself at him while she waited impatiently for him to go about the business of putting his lips on hers.

Never one to shy away from passion, Lily had indulged in her fair share of kisses since coming of age, although she’d minded her manners and never gone any further than allowing the occasional hand to cup her breast in the dark shadows of a garden. She was willing to do more, but it would have to be with the right man.

Was Captain James Rigby that man? It was too soon to tell.

The initial spark of attraction she so desperately craved and so rarely received was there, which was most definitely a promising sign. Lily could count on one hand the number of men who had managed to turn her head since her debut and there was no denying she’d felt drawn to James the moment she spied him across the room.

It was rather unfortunate he possessed such a churlish temperament, but she supposed if she had suffered through the horrors of war and lost an arm in the process she would be rather churlish as well. It was what lurked beneath the rough exterior that truly interested her.

He was someone who had experienced the world. Who had lived outside the four corners of London and seen the gritty, raw side of life never witnessed by lords of the manor living safely within the confines of their estates sipping port and discussing the weather.

The door creaked open, washing light into the dark study. Lily looked up expectantly, her heart beginning to pound as she anticipated James’ return, but the tiny jolt of excitement subsided with a faint flutter of disappointment when she saw it was her dear friend Sarah, not the enigmatic captain, who had come looking for her.

“Lily? Is that you?” Squinting into the study, Sarah pushed the door open wider and took two hesitant steps inside. Dressed in a stunning plum colored gown with her golden hair twisted into a demure coiffure, she managed to look equal parts bookish and beautiful. Always the shyer and more demure of the two, Sarah had finally found her inner confidence after marrying Devlin, and Lily had never known her friend to be happier.

“Yes,” she answered with a sigh, “you have found me.”

“What in heavens name are you doing sitting by yourself in the dark?” Her skirts swishing against her ankles, Sarah moved briskly across the room and lit two beeswax candles before sinking into a chaise lounge opposite of Lily’s chair with a little oof of breath. “I am quite tired,” she admitted. “Devlin has insisted on dancing nearly every waltz, even though I told him having one’s husband fill up their card is not at all de rigueur.”

“And you would not have it any other way,” Lily said with a grin.

Sarah’s cheeks brightened ever so slightly. “No, I suppose not. But enough about me.” She waved her hand in the air, causing the firelight to reflect off her gold wedding band. “Has something happened? Why are you in hiding?” A line appeared between her pale eyebrows as she frowned. “Was someone untoward? If they were, tell me their name and I will have Devlin—”

“No, no, nothing has happened. Even if it had, do you really think I would be sulking in a room by myself?” Even though that is exactly what I am doing, she thought silently. Sulking because, for once in my life, a man did not go out of his way to please me.

Lily had never put much stock in physical appearance, but she was an intelligent woman, and she knew her beauty was held in high regard. As a result men had been courting her favor since she was a girl of fourteen, which explained all the kisses. It did not explain why James had left her in the lurch, choosing to brave the crowded ballroom – something he clearly despised – rather than kiss her. Her nose wrinkling as she recalled his expression of disgust, she shifted her right shoulder back and gave a discreet sniff. Well, she didn’t smell. At least she had that in her favor, if not much else where the ex-solider was concerned.

“Lily, dear…”

“Yes?”

“What are you doing?”

Lily let her shoulder drop and crossed her slender legs at the ankle beneath the voluminous folds of her gown. “Seeing if I stink.”

Sarah released a startled laugh. “Why would you stink?”

“I do not know.” Lily shrugged. “I just thought that I might and so I was checking to see if I did, but I don’t. At least I don’t think I do. Then again, perhaps one cannot smell oneself. You should do it.”

But Sarah, her expression wary, was already shaking her head. “Do what? Smell you? Lily, are you certain nothing is amiss? You are acting very strangely.” Her countenance abruptly softening, she reached between their chairs to squeeze Lily’s hand. “I know you must still be mourning your father. I rather thought attending a ball this early might be too much, but you always seem to do best when you are the busiest. Do you want me to have a carriage brought round to take you home?”

“A carriage is the last thing I need,” Lily said cryptically.

“Well, if you don’t want a carriage, what is it you do want?”

“A husband,” Lily said after a long pause. Gently extricating her hand from Sarah’s grasp she sat back, crossed her arms over her chest, and looked directly at her friend. “I want a husband.”



Natalie watched her brother storm back into ballroom from the safety of the refreshment table. Wedged between plates of desserts and an oversized potted fern she was able to remain silently in the background, a true wallflower if ever there was one.

It wasn’t that she did not want attention. In truth, she was starving for it. Unfortunately, it was when she received attention, especially of the male variety, that the problems began. Problems that had turned into symptoms of an illness she feared was ruining her life. An illness she knew the cause of, but not the cure.

Shortness of breath.

Perspiration on her palms.

An embarrassing stutter.

A deep, cloying fear that suffocated from the inside out.

She hated that James triggered the illness. Hated that she was afraid of her own brother. Hated the wounded look that flashed across his face whenever she flinched away. He had returned from the battlefield needing help, and all she had to give was hurt.

But how could she ever explain the source of her fear? At the mere thought Natalie’s eyes pinched shut and her heart rate sped up. An icy chill raced down her spine, extending all the way to the balls of her feet and out to the tips of her fingers. If she told he would know, and if he knew… With a soft cry she curled her hand into a fist and pressed it hard against her mouth to contain the sickness that threatened to spill up and out. If he knew, it would begin all over again.

Needing to distract herself from thoughts best left buried, Natalie opened her eyes and scanned the crowded room for James. Amidst the laughing faces his stern, unsmiling countenance was easy to spot. He was already looking at her, and when their gazes met his head tilted to the side, his eyes flicking towards the couples who were dancing in silent question.

“No,” Natalie mouthed, suppressing a tremble. It was all she could do to stand in the same room with so many men and not scream bloody murder. To actually dance with one… To allow his hands to touch her body… Again the wave of sickness swelled within her breast, and again she managed to fight it back. No. No, she would not be dancing tonight, nor any other night, not if she could help it.

She hoped if she attended the ball tonight things would be different. That she would be different, but now she knew there was to be no easy fix for her illness.

James returned to his corner. Natalie remained in hers.

What a pair they made, their current situation made all the worse by the fact that they hadn’t always been so miserable. Once they’d been happy, blissfully so, living in a world beyond war and nightmares and hot, breathy voices asking if you wanted a tickle before bedtime. Now their world was fractured, their happiness only a memory.

What Natalie wouldn’t give to have things go back to the way they were. If not for her, then for James. He’d sacrificed so much. The life he knew. The family he loved. The future that would have been his if he hadn’t given it all up to go fight for queen and country.

She wished she could be the one to bring him back from the brink of darkness, but she feared her own despair was so great she would only serve to tip them both over the edge. He needed someone stronger than she to show him the light. To show him how to live and laugh and love again.

He had friends who wanted to help, but the ones who went to war with him had not returned and those who remained did not understand.

No, he needed someone else. Someone who had not known him before. Someone who would not mind having their feelings hurt. Someone strong enough to ease his pain, but gentle enough to soothe his fear. Someone loud enough to drown out his past. Someone bright enough to help draw him into a future free from worry and regret.

Someone, Natalie thought as a sudden idea took root, exactly like Lily Kincaid.

Closing her eyes, she drew on what little faith she had left and wished for a miracle.





CHAPTER SIX



29 days until Christmas





“We are ruined. Absolutely, positively ruined.” Clasping a hand to her forehead, Regina Kincaid staggered dramatically across the room and flung herself onto a chaise lounge. Reclining until she was flat on her back, she closed her eyes and moaned loudly. “Please have one of the maids fetch me a cooling cloth, Elsa. I fear a terrible headache coming on.”

Lily’s sigh was long and suffering. “Elsa, remain where you are,” she said, directing her sister a narrow eyed glare that had the younger girl hastily returning to her chair. “Mother, you are not ill. It is your imagination.”

“It is not,” Regina insisted even as she sat up on her elbow and opened her eyes. “I really do not feel well. A fever,” she said decisively. “I am most definitely coming down with a fever.”

“And furthermore, we are not ruined,” Lily continued as if her mother had not spoken a word. “I will take care of everything. I promise.”

The weight of that promise weighed heavily on her shoulders, but she kept her back straight and her chin up. She even managed a smile, although it was more for Elsa’s benefit than her own for the poor dear looked absolutely terrified. Crouching in front of her sister, she took both of Elsa’s hands in hers and squeezed tight. “Look at me,” she said firmly. Elsa lifted her head, her blue eyes clearly troubled. “Nothing will happen to us, do you understand?”

“But Cousin Eustace said—”

“Cousin Eustace is a pig.” And that is a compliment compared to what I truly think of him, Lily added silently.

Yesterday evening Eustace and his wife Venetia, a stick like woman with dark squinty eyes and a penchant for cruel gossip, had joined them for dinner. Eustace made quick work of revealing the will to Regina, who had – as expected – taken the news quite poorly. It took all the self control Lily possessed not to kick out the cousins on the spot, and she’d spent the rest of dinner plotting the most creative ways to throttle Eustace and his smirking wife.

All through the night in the bedroom across from hers she had heard her mother tossing and turning. This morning Regina wasted no time in calling a family meeting in the library – the only room below stairs boasting a fireplace – and it was clear the contents of the will were weighing heavily on her mind.

Lily hated seeing Regina and Elsa so worried. They were both sweet, gentle souls who looked to others to care for them, and now they were looking to her. Self doubt nagged at her like a sore tooth, the source of the discomfort vague and relentless. What if she couldn’t find someone to marry before Christmas? What if everything they owned really did go to Cousin Eustace and the terrible Venetia? What if this was one problem she could not solve?

“Lily?” Elsa’s timid voice cut through Lily’s dark thoughts like a beacon of light.

“Yes darling, what is it?”

“I am frightened,” her sister confessed.

“Frightened?” Giving Elsa’s hands one last squeeze, Lily bounded to her feet and feigned her brightest smile yet. “Frightened of what, dearest?”

“Of what will happen to us.”

“Nothing will happen,” Lily said firmly. “Isn’t that right, Mother?”

Regina may have been a woman of small courage, but she’d always stood strong where her daughters were concerned. “You know your sister always has an answer for everything, just like her father. We will be fine and you are not to worry.” Sitting up, Regina shook her finger at her youngest daughter. “You know when you worry you frown, and frowning is how wrinkles grow.”

“Oh for heavens sake,” Lily muttered. “Mother, Elsa does not have wrinkles. She is sixteen years of age!”

“She doesn’t have wrinkles yet,” Regina said with a sniff, “but she will if she keeps frowning! Why, Lady Hatfield’s daughter is only fourteen and the poor dear already has crow marks! It is because she laughs too much. Giggling all the time, that one. Never a sober thought in her head.”

Elsa’s fingers drifted to her face. “Do I have crow marks?” she asked worriedly.

“Let me get my magnifying glass and see.”

Regina sprang out of the chaise lounge with surprising zest given she had been on death’s door but a few moments ago, and Lily stepped neatly to the side, never one to get in her mother’s way when she was on a mission. She wanted to shake them both for being so ridiculous, but she knew it was better for Regina and Elsa to worry about make believe lines and wrinkles than the real problem at hand.

“I am taking Mr. Betram for a walk,” she announced when Regina returned from the parlor with an oversized magnifying glass and promptly held it up to Elsa’s face.

“A walk?” Regina said without looking up. “Lily dear, it is snowing out. You know Mr. Betram doesn’t like the snow.”

Lily glanced out the window and saw that it was, indeed, snowing. White flakes spiraled lazily down from an overcast sky, slowly covering the frost tipped grass in a shifting blanket of white. “I will not take him very far. Just to the end of the lane and back. It’s good for him to stretch his legs.”

Mr. Betram, so named because he bore a striking resemblance to their dressmaker’s husband, was the Kincaid’s family dog. A short, squat beagle with sorrowful brown eyes and a permanently puzzled expression, he lived in the barn behind the house and took his job of guarding the old, dilapidated structure quite seriously even though he was half blind and more than likely fully deaf. Time and again Lily and her father had tried to coax him to stay inside the house, but within an hour or so he always began to howl and scratch at the door, two sounds Regina could not abide.

“You should not go by yourself. Take Aunt Fontaine with you. It will be good for her to move about as well. Oh, Elsa, I believe I have found a wrinkle!”

Over her sister’s distressed squeals Lily said, “Aunt Fontaine is still fast asleep and likely to remain so until afternoon tea. I will not be gone for more than an hour.” She paused in the doorway, waiting for her mother to object, but Regina’s mind was on other matters and she waved her eldest daughter on with an absent flick of her wrist.

Bundling herself up in a fur lined cloak, dark red scarf, and matching mittens Lily tuck her curls to one side, drew the hood up over her head, and hurried outside before her mother came to her senses and realized she was leaving the house without a proper chaperone.

She walked briskly between the snowflakes, following a narrow footpath that led around the side of the house and meandered down to the barn. The metal latch was frozen shut, but after a few strategic kicks of her boot the door slid sideways with a groan. She found Mr. Betram curled up in a pile of straw, his deep, even breaths indicating he was fast asleep. A stray cat, its white fur sticking out in tufts, watched her with lofty regard from atop a bucket.

“Good morning,” Lily said politely.

The cat meowed, stretched, and leapt down to twist around her legs, butting her with its tiny head.

“Are you Mr. Betram’s new friend, then? We shall have to come up with a name for you, and some food as well. I imagine the mice are fairly scarce this time of year. I sincerely hope you do not have fleas,” she said, her nose wrinkling. The cat tilted its head to the side and meowed again, louder this time. Lily bit back a smile. “You are right. That was quite rude of me. Well, if you don’t mind, I need to borrow Mr. Betram. I shall return him safe and sound, I promise.”

The cat returned to its bucket and Lily gently woke up the beagle. He rolled to his feet with a snort and a snuffle, blinking the sleep from his big brown eyes, and when he saw who had come to visit his tail began to wag with such enthusiasm he knocked the cat’s bucket aside and sent the smaller animal dashing into the shadows.

“Now you’ve done it,” Lily said as she righted the bucket before tying a long piece of rope to Mr. Betram’s leather collar. Even half blind and deaf the beagle was prone to wandering, and Lily’s greatest fear was that he would run off after a rabbit and never be able to find his way home again. Kneeling, she gave him a quick hug, laughed when he licked her face, and led him out into the snow. “Come on, then. Just a quick walk and then you can go back to sleep.”

The beagle toddled along obediently, pausing every now and then to sniff and scratch at the frozen ground, but a gentle tug was enough to get him moving again.

They walked side by side down the middle of the long, twisting lane that led to the main road. The snow that had fallen thus far was undisturbed, smooth and white as a fresh piece of parchment. Smoke curled cheerfully from the chimneys of the houses they passed, but the windows were dim and nothing stirred save Lily, Mr. Betram, and four black crows that clacked and cawed high up in the trees. No doubt everyone was still tucked cozily in their beds, which is where Lily would have been had her mother not woken the entire household at the crack of dawn with her fretful pacing.

Her mouth twisting, Lily stepped off the side of the lane to let Mr. Betram sniff at a tree trunk while she mulled over her options.

There was no question time was running out. Wreaths swathed in red ribbon and decorative candles beaming from nearly every window were constant reminders that Christmas was only a few short weeks away. She needed to find a husband, and soon.

When the will was first read Lily had been arrogant enough to assume she would be able to find the perfect man before her father’s deadline. That idea had quickly gone by the wayside following Sarah and Devlin’s ball, where she quickly discovered there were no perfect men. At least none where she was concerned. The only one who had come to close to sparking her interest was Captain James Rigby, but the damn man had run away rather than kiss her, and even though she’d looked high and low there had been no sign of him for the remainder of the ball.

“Impossible,” she muttered under her breath, kicking hard at a lump of snow. Unfortunately the lump turned out to be a rock, and Lily cried out in pain when her toes collided with the unyielding object. Even more unfortunately it was at that precise moment that Mr. Betram miraculously spotted a fox across the field, and when he yanked against his rope in an effort to give chase Lily was so focused on her bruised foot she forgot to hold tight.

With one deep, resounding bay he was off, belly crawling under an old, decrepit wooden fence and bursting out the other side with such enthusiasm he tripped over his own paws and rolled twice, coating his wiggling body in snow before he scrambled to his feet and headed pell-mell for the other side of the field as fast as his short little legs would carry him.

“Mr. Betram, NO!” Hobbling forward, Lily wrapped her hands around the top rail of the fence and yelled for her beloved beagle until her voice was hoarse, but it was to no avail. Mr. Betram was gone.



James was out for a peaceful morning ride, hoping to clear his head of the demented thoughts that perverted it during the night, when a woman’s alarmed shrieks sliced through the air, spurring him into action.

He chased the noise to its source, not knowing what he would find, but automatically fearing the worst. An overturned carriage with bodies scattered in the snow, their limbs twisted at grotesque angles. A highway robber with a dagger pressed up against a man’s throat while his wife screamed and pleaded, her face ashen as the snow. A young child floating face down in the icy water of a pond while his mother cried in anguish from the shore. Scenario after gruesome scenario flashed through his mind as he cantered down the lane, each one more horrible than the last.

Instead, he found Lily: clutching a fence, hopping on one foot like a deranged lunatic, screaming another man’s name.

He shouldn’t have known it was her. She wore a heavy cloak, the fur lined hood pulled up and over her hair. Her face was turned away, her brilliant amethyst eyes hidden from view. Still he knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that the same woman who had turned him inside out at the ball was standing before him now.

No, not standing.

Hopping.

“Might I ask what you are doing?” He dismounted in an awkward shuffle of legs and limb – following the amputation his doctor warned he should never sit astride a horse again; James had told the man to go to hell – and led his mount to the side of the road.

Lily startled at the sound of his voice and whirled around, causing the hood of her cloak to fall back and her hair to spill out in a wave of dark silk. Her eyes narrowed, then widened with recognition. “Good morning, Captain Rigby.”

James had the sudden, foolish urge to tip his hat, but he kept his hand wrapped tight around his horse’s reins and nodded his head instead. “Lady Kincaid.”

“Out for an early ride?” she inquired politely, as though she hadn’t just been yelling at the top of her lungs into an empty field.

James blinked. The woman, he decided, was mad as a hatter. “I am.”

“Excellent. I fear people spend far too much time indoors during the winter which, as I am sure you know, is bad for the constitution. At least I think so. What do you think, Captain Rigby?”

He thought she looked beautiful standing in the snow with her hair a tangle of curls around her shoulders and her cheeks flushed from the cold. He thought she was, without any sense of exaggeration, the most stunning woman he’d ever seen. And he thought he wanted to push her up against the fence, cup her lovely face in the hard palm of his hand, and ravish her mouth until they were both senseless and gasping for breath. “I…” He paused, cleared his throat, and tried again. “I agree.” Even though by now he had no idea what the hell he was agreeing to.

Lily smiled, although a slight line between her brows indicated her distress. “I was taking Mr. Betram for a walk, but then he saw a fox and I forgot to hold tight and now he has run off,” she explained, although of course for James it was no explanation at all.

Beside him his horse snorted and rubbed the length of his face against James’ thick wool jacket. He returned the show of affection in kind, absently rubbing behind the bay’s ear in a spot he knew the older gelding liked scratched, and the horse blew smoky plumes of air through his oversized nostrils, warming the side of James’ neck.

“Your horse likes you,” Lily said. She sounded surprised.

“We like each other,” James acknowledged. “I have owned him since he was a two year old colt.” Gangly and untrained, the bay had been a gift from his father. The gelding – named Biscuit for his brown coat – was nearing his twentieth year. He did not possess the energy he’d once had as a youngster, but his spirit was unchanged, and with the exception of Natalie he was the greatest treasure in James’ life.

“What did you do with him when you went away to war?” Lily asked curiously, tipping her head to the side as she studied Biscuit beneath long, snow covered lashes.

It was an innocent enough question. James could have answered it easily enough. He should have answered it easily enough, but when he opened his mouth to form the words they would not come. He was not ready to speak of the war, nor of anything that referenced it, no matter how small or inconsequential. “Who is Mr. Betram?” he asked instead, blatantly ignoring her question in favor of his own.

Instantly Lily’s entire face seemed to crumple, and she turned her back on him to resume gazing out at the empty field. “Mr. Betram is my dog,” she called over her shoulder. “He’s a dear old thing, half blind and completely deaf, and I fear he got away from me.” She spun around, her violet eyes wide and beseeching. “You have to help me find him, Captain Rigby. I fear he will freeze to death if I do not bring him home.”

It was an accurate assumption. The winter elements were kind to neither human nor beast, and the snow was only going to increase in intensity with ever hour that passed. Dark clouds warned of a storm blowing in from the east, a storm James believed would be the hardest hitting yet. It was one of the reasons he’d wanted to get his daily ride in so early in the morning; the other being he enjoyed the solitude. After being surrounded by noises for so long – gunfire, cannon blasts, the agonizing screams of men – James craved the silence.

For that reason and that reason alone he should have ridden on. He should have made an excuse, any excuse, and left Lily Kincaid to her own devices. She was the opposite of silence. The opposite of peace and calm and quiet. The rational part of his brain told him this, even as the other part – the bloody foolish part – had him nodding his head and following her footsteps, now almost completely covered in snow, down to the dilapidated fence line.

Biscuit followed, navigating the slippery terrain with ease, and stood obediently at his master’s side, ears pricked towards the distant trees.

“Do you think he would return on his own?”

Lily shook her head. “No. Mr. Betram does not have a good sense of direction. He is probably wandering in circles. Oh, I have to find him. I absolutely must.” She blinked, her lashes fluttering in rapid succession, and James was stunned to her eyes were sparkling with tears.

He knew women cried. He’d seen evidence of it in his own household, both from his mother and from his sister, but for some reason Lily did not strike him as a woman who shed tears easily, nor as one who used them for manipulation. She was too strong for that. Too honest. And yet here she was, fighting back tears over an old dog who had wandered into the woods.

It made him feel… protective. And the protectiveness made him wary. Wary of his feelings towards this slip of a sprite with her tangled mane of black silk and glimmering eyes made of jewels. Wary of what he might do because of them. Wary of what she would do in return.

He set his jaw, determined in that moment to turn on his heel and walk away, but then Lily sniffed — a tiny, unladylike sound of pure distress — and he was lost.

“I will find your Mr. Betram and return him to you.” With practiced ease he slipped Biscuit’s reins over the gelding’s head and readied himself to mount, praying he wouldn’t be made the fool when he attempted to use his right hand where he once would have used the left. “Where do you live?”

Lily pushed away from the fence and lifted her chin. “I am going with you, Captain Rigby.”

James paused with his boot half in the stirrup and looked incredulously at her over his shoulder. “Into the woods? You bloody well are not. Go home, Lady Kincaid. The winds are picking up and heavier snow will soon be upon us. It is too cold for—”

“A woman?” she interrupted, lifting one dark brow. “Please spare me your lecture on propriety, Captain Rigby. I brought Mr. Betram out here, and I will see him safely home. If your horse can carry two I will ride, if not I will walk, but be certain I will go with you either way.”

James stared hard at her. She returned his stare unflinchingly, her posture as rigid as any general’s. Hooking his fingers under the pommel of his saddle James mounted, swinging his right leg over without incident. He took the reins in hand, rubbing his thumb across the smooth leather. Biscuit tensed, his muscles rippling and shifting in anticipation of his master’s cues. He mouthed the bit, clanking the metal between his teeth and tossing his head.

“Open the gate,” James said at last.

“And?” Lily challenged.

“And you can ride with me.”





CHAPTER SEVEN





Fate, Lily mused as she took in her new surroundings, was a complicated beast. Three hours ago she had been arguing with her mother and sister in the cozy confines of a parlor and now she was stranded with a man she barely knew in a small, forgotten caretaker’s cottage tucked away in the middle of the forest.

Snow fell mercilessly outside the small, two room cottage, covering everything in a thick blanket of white. Standing on her tiptoes – the better to see beyond the drift that was rapidly accumulating outside the kitchen window – Lily peered up at the darkening sky, exposed in slivers of gray and angry blue through skeletal tree branches that clicked and clacked with the wind. A quiet whine had her reaching down to skim her hand across the top of Mr. Betram’s head.

They’d found the wayward hound sitting in a thicket of brambles. He hadn’t barked when they approached; instead he simply wagged his tail and tilted his head, as though to say: what took you so long?

Unfortunately, by the time they retrieved Mr. Betram the winter storm had moved in with enough force to make a return trip nigh on impossible, and they’d been forced to seek shelter.

Lily had been the one to spot the cottage through the trees.

Sitting in the midst of an overgrown glen it was clearly abandoned, but the front door was unlocked and the furniture from the last inhabitants still in place. Besides a round wooden table with two mismatched chairs in the nook that served as the kitchen, there was a small writing desk, a musty smelling sofa, and a free standing bookcase stripped of books. Two wing chairs upholstered in faded blue fabric flanked a stone hearth and curtains, heavy with dust, framed the cottage’s four windows. There was a bedroom as well, complete with a bed, which both Lily and James were resolutely ignoring although she’d caught his gaze straying towards the partially open door on more than one occasion.

Mr. Betram’s fur was still damp from the snow and Lily wiped her palm on her skirt before she turned and directed her attention across the room to where James was kneeling in front of the stone hearth, attempting to start a fire.

His hand was cupped in front of his mouth and he was coaxing the flames to life with his breath, summoning them up from the depths of the kindling until they attacked the larger pieces of wood with a ferocity Lily found quite impressive.

“Have you done that many times before?” she asked, shuffling a few steps closer to the fire and extending her hands towards the warmth now emanating from the hearth. The flames crackled merrily, lighting the room in a soft glow. It was curiously cheerful, if she ignored the fact that she was stranded a good furlong from home with only a strange man for company. And yet, she did not feel ill at ease in James’ presence. In truth he’d hardly said more than a dozen words to her since they began their journey, and she certainly did not feel in danger of being ravished. If anything he’d gone out of his way to avoid touching her, both on the horse and off, and Lily was left with the distinct impression that he was far more uncomfortable with the situation than she.

Her thought was proven correct when he leapt to his feet and jumped warily to the side, as though she were some carnivorous beast intent of devouring him whole instead of a tiny woman trying to get warm.

“Have you done that before?” she asked.

“Have I done what before?”

“Started a fire without a tinderbox.”

For some reason, her clarification prompted a scowl. “Yes,” he said shortly. “I have.”

Captain James Rigby, she decided, was a man of few words. Which was perfectly fine, as she had more than enough for the both of them. “How long do you think we will have to stay here?”

Another innocent question, another scowl. He was standing to the side of the hearth, his countenance half in and half out of shadow. It made him appear forbidding. Ominous, even. Lily knew she should have been afraid. Any woman in her right mind would be. Instead she was… intrigued? Yes. Intrigued was as good a word as any to describe the fluttering sensation in her chest.

“When the snow stops and settles we can leave,” he said.

Lily bit the inside of her cheek. “But it may not stop snowing for hours, and by then it will be dark.”

James’ expression was unreadable. “Then we will leave at first light.”

At first light…

First light meant dawn. Dawn meant morning. Morning meant… She sucked in a breath. Morning meant spending the night here. With James. Alone.

For the first time, Lily considered her reputation and the possible repercussions that would follow if anyone found out where she’d been. She would be ruined, completely and irrevocably. Society was not kind to women who broke the unwritten rules; principle among them being one did not spend the evening alone with a gentleman without a proper chaperone. It hardly mattered if anything happened between her and Captain Rigby. She would be considered spoiled goods, and men seeking wives of high moral character did not want anything that was spoiled, no matter that they were hardly coming to the marriage bed a virgin themselves.

“Are you certain there is no way we can get home before nightfall?” Anxious now, she returned to the kitchen where her cloak was drying on one of the chairs. The fabric was still damp, but it was certainly wearable and all things considered she would much rather risk a chill than condemnation from her peers.

James remained by the hearth but his eyes followed her. When she turned with the cloak bundled tight in her arms he was staring at her unabashedly, an odd expression on his face. “I am sorry, but it does not seem likely. Biscuit will be unable to carry additional weight through the drifts and your dog—”

“I can carry him!” Lily cried. Except she couldn’t, not really, and the look James gave her said as much. He cleared his throat.

“I will not… I will not do anything untoward, if that is why you are concerned.”

“It’s not,” she muttered, looking away.

“You can sleep in the bedroom with the door closed, and I will be quite comfortable in front of the fire. I fear there is not any food, but hopefully we will be able to leave first thing in the morning and you will be home before breakfast.”

Lily set her cloak aside and slumped into one of the kitchen chairs. It wobbled to the right, but held firm. Perching her elbow on the table, she adopted a scowl all her own. “And then what?” she challenged.

James’ eyebrows darted together. “What do you mean?”

“Of course you do not understand. You are a man, and such things do not concern you.” Her agitation increased, although whether it was at herself or him or the male species in general she could not be certain. Stupid, she chided herself. You are so very stupid, Lily, and now you are going to have to pay the consequences for your impulsive actions. Unless… She straightened in her chair. Unless you really do become spoiled goods, and the man doing the spoiling is forced to offer marriage.

She was grasping. She knew she was. Not to mention being quite underhanded, scheming, and devious – three traits she abhorred above all others. But with the deadline of Christmas breathing down her neck, what other choice did she have?

Family had always been of utmost importance to Lily. She would rather die than see her mother and sister be turned into beggars… Or, in this case, trick a man into marrying her by the worst means imaginable.

Her fingers began to thrum against the table. James would hate her in the end, and she would hate herself. But her mother and Elsa would have a future free from worry, and wasn’t that all that mattered?

It really wasn’t so different from what all the other women of her station did, she convinced herself as she watched James stoke the fire from beneath her lashes. Flocking to eligible men like pigeons to bread crumbs, pecking away until the poor fellow eventually gave up and gave in. She was simply being more up front about the whole thing. In a not-quite-telling-the-truth sort of way.

If her plan failed she would be no better or worse off than before, the only exception being she really would be giving up her virginity, but then everyone would think she had anyways so really, what was the point of holding onto it?

With each day passing by quicker than the last it really was her best chance at securing a husband. Her only chance, if truth be told. Again she wondered at the nuances of fate. What intricate threads of destiny and happenstance had brought her to this very moment, with this very man? Would her choices this eve create ripples of consequence that ultimately destroy her future? Or was this somehow, someway, how things were supposed to happen? Her fingers increased in tempo, striking the table hard enough to send little jolts of pain shooting up into her wrist.

“Can you stop that incessant tapping?” Standing, James turned in a half circle and skewered her with a glare that would have no doubt brought a weaker female to tears. Lily merely lifted her chin and stared down her nose at him.

“They are my fingers,” she said, “and I will do with them what I please.”

“Stubborn wench,” he growled under his breath.

“Arrogant brute.”

“Spoiled brat.”

Lily sat up a little straighter. Two could play at this game. “Caper witted bounder.”

“Featherbrained peagoose.”

“Bacon-brained fatwit!”

James choked out a laugh. It sounded rusty, as though he hadn’t laughed at anything in a very, very long time. “Bacon-brained fatwit?” he repeated, tilting his head to the side.

Lily shrugged. “It was the only thing I could think of.”

“Are you not in the habit of slinging insults?”

“No,” she said, biting back a smile. “Not precisely. I fear you bring out the worst in me.” In more ways than you can possibly imagine, she added silently. Guilt weighed heavily on her shoulders, but she shoved it aside. She could not afford to feel guilty. Not if she wanted to do what needed to be done.

But how? Planning on losing her virginity was far different than actually doing the deed. Lily was accustomed to doing things herself, but she feared this was one of the few things she would be unable to accomplish solely on her own. She would need James’ cooperation – his willing cooperation – if she wanted to set her plan in motion. Which meant she needed to stop insulting the man and start seducing him. Resolving herself to go through with the dirty deed, she did a quick glance around the room, taking stock of her surroundings.

Mr. Betram was curled up beneath the kitchen table, his soft rhythmic snores indicating he was sound asleep. Outside the small, cozy confines of the cottage snow continued to fall, banking up against the door and windows. There was no doubt about it. They would be stranded here for the remainder of the day and night… with no hope of leaving until morning.

“I am cold,” she said abruptly.

Lifting up one of the heavy wing chairs, James positioned it until it sat directly in front of the hearth. “Sit,” he said, gesturing with his arm before he stepped back. “I have to go find more firewood. There is not enough to get us through the night.”

Lily froze halfway to the chair. “You are leaving?” she asked incredulously.

“I should not be gone long. I noticed a shed not far from here on our ride in. It most likely is part of the same estate this cottage belongs to, and may have wood inside it. I will not be gone long,” he repeated, frowning at her expression. “You needn’t be afraid.”

“I am not afraid. I… Well, I…” But of course she couldn’t give voice to the real reason she wanted James to stay – just imagining it forced a horrified chuckle past her lips. Excuse me, but you cannot go anywhere because I need to seduce you. Why? Well, because I need you to take my virginity. Why? So you will feel obliged to marry me and my inheritance stays with my mother and sister instead of going to horrible Cousin Eustace. Oh, and by the by, all of this needs to be done before Christmas. Pressing the back of her hand to her mouth, Lily sank into the wing chair and stared blindly into the fire. Another bubble of panicked laughter threatened, but she swallowed it down. Out of the corner of her eye she saw James hesitate at the door, twin lines of concern digging grooves into the corners of his chin.

“Go on,” she said with a flippant wave of her hand. “Mr. Betram and I will be fine.”

“Do not go outside,” he said sternly.

Lily twisted in her chair to face him, digging her fingers into the dusty upholstery. “Outside?” she echoed. She forced a smile. “I fear only bacon-brained fatwits would dare go outside in this weather.”

The walls of the cottage reverberated as James slammed the door behind him.





CHAPTER EIGHT





James struck out blindly into the snow, squinting into the wall of white and doing his best to forge a straight line. He kept an old decaying oak tree on his left. A short, fanned out mulberry on his right. Sucking in the cold, clear air by the mouthful he doubled over a short distance from the cottage, bracing his forearm across his knees and drawing a ragged breath.

There was no wood to gather. A box built into the wall next to the hearth housed more firewood than could be burned all winter. It had been an excuse. An excuse to get him out of the cottage. To get him away from her before he did something for which there was no excuse.

He couldn’t breathe in her presence. Couldn’t think. Couldn’t move. She incapacitated him, sinking into his blood like the most deadliest of poisons, leaving him bewildered and off kilter, not knowing what way was up, what way was down.

The woman had made him laugh.

No one could do that, not even Natalie.

Running a hand through his hair – he had forgotten his hat inside – James pulled the curled ends taut with just enough pressure to cause pain. The pain cleared his head and helped him focus. He straightened, his resolve returning as he doubled back to check on Biscuit. The horse was tucked away in a three sided structure behind the cottage. He whickered contentedly as his master approached and James wrapped his arm around the gelding’s neck, breathing in the familiar, calming scent of horse and hay.

“Are you going to be all right out here old chap?”

Biscuit, attentive as always, bobbed his head and swiveled his head to stare at James, his dark brown eyes both inquisitive and somehow amused, as though he knew his master’s dilemma and thought it quite hilarious.

“Remember that gray mare you took a fancy to a few years ago?” James asked, speaking to Biscuit as though the horse could understand him, which James often thought he could. “Bellowed like a banshee every time she trotted past. You didn’t have any shame, did you?”

Biscuit snorted.

“I did not understand you then, but I fear I do now.” He imagined how Lily would be as a horse. Beautiful, of course. An elegant thoroughbred with long legs, a lean body, and a refined head. High spirited, with a flash of temper. Stubborn, with a keen sense of intelligence. Difficult to ride, no doubt. Impossible to train. “Bloody hell,” he muttered, rubbing a hand down his face.

He never should have stopped when he saw her on the road. Never should have dismounted. Never should have agreed to help find her damn dog. Now he would be forced to endure her presence not for a minute or an hour or even a day, but for an entire bloody night. A night in a cottage with walls so thin as to be nonexistent, listening to every toss and turn of her slender body as she slept. A night spent wondering what her creamy skin felt like… dreaming what her lips tasted like… imagining what—

With a curse James spun away from Biscuit and clipped the thought short. He needed to get himself under control, starting with exerting the same strict discipline over his emotions that he’d once used on the battlefield. Taking a deep, measuring breath he slapped a hand against his horse’s broad shoulder in a gesture of farewell and started back towards the cottage, drawn by the soft glow of firelight emanating from the windows.



The cold rush of air woke her. It swept across her skin like ice, rousing her from a contented slumber filled with blurred images of church bells and white lace and a tall, rugged man with dark hair and piercing eyes.

Lily sat up with a start, wondering at the sudden pain in her neck until she realized she’d fallen asleep in the wing chair with her head tucked into the crook of her elbow. The fire had died low, the embers smoldering a deep red, indicating at least an hour of time had elapsed since she first closed her eyes. She heard the click of a door being closed, the quiet trod of footsteps, and then…

“I did not mean to wake you.”

James’ voice, low pitched and gravelly. The sound of it did the oddest things to her belly, making her feel as though she’d swallowed a dozen butterflies and the poor trapped creatures were flitting to and fro inside of her, frantically beating their wings in an effort to escape.

She remained in the chair but peered around the side of it, the better to see him. He stood silhouetted in the doorway, still as a statue. A fine layer of snow was spread out across his broad shoulders. Flecks of white fell to the floor as he shrugged out of his heavy coat and set it aside on the window ledge. More snow glistened in his hair, melting to water as they studied each other, both unmoving.

“You do not have any wood,” Lily noted.

James shook his head. “No,” he said quietly.

“Why are you staring at me like that?” Suddenly self conscious, she ran her fingers through her hair, knowing it must look a mess.

She’d tried a simple braid while James was outside, but her hair was still damp, the strands impossible to coerce into any semblance of order, and so she left them undone, letting the tangled curls dry by firelight. She dropped her chin, glancing down at her blue muslin gown. It was frightfully wrinkled, the fabric pulled taut in some placed and bunched in others. She bit the inside of her cheek and fought the urge to roll her eyes at herself. Well done Lily, she chided silently. Certainly the best way to seduce a man is to have your hair a mess and your dress twisted up around your ankles. Heavens. She wasn’t very good at this, was she? Not that there was a book written on such things. Or, if there was, she had never read it.

“Stop it,” she said as she lifted her head and realized James was still looking at her with the same forceful intensity, his eyes shimmering pools of dark in the soft glow of the room.

“Stop what?”

She gripped the armrest, frustrated that nothing was going as it should. “Stop staring at me as though… well, as though…”

“As though you are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen? I cannot,” he said softly. “Not when your cheeks are flushed and your eyes are heavy with sleep and your lips are still wet from where you touched them with your tongue.”

The butterflies went crazy. Lily went pale. For a man who so rarely speaks, she thought dazedly, he certainly knows how to put the right words together. And for once, for the first time she could ever remember, she was the one who couldn’t think of a single thing to say. “I… I…”

Sliding out of his boots, James stepped forward. “I have tried to deny it, but you have felt it too, haven’t you? In the ballroom, and then in the study.” His expression bemused, as though he himself couldn’t quite believe what he was saying, he shook his head. “You are without doubt the most antagonizing woman I have ever met… and the most desirable.”

He was coming closer, Lily noted. Close enough for her to see his face without shadow. Close enough for her to touch. Close enough for him to reach out and gently, so gently as to barely be felt at all, cup her jaw and tilt her head up. His fingers threaded through the curls that framed her face and she leaned into his hand, helpless not to rub her cheek against the calloused skin of his palm. “T-thank you?” she managed to squeak, not certain if he was paying a compliment, not certain if she remembered what he’d said at all.

James growled low in his throat. It wasn’t an angry sound. More of a frustrated surrender, although what he was surrendering she hadn’t the faintest idea. “You should stop me,” he said huskily. His mouth hovered a hair’s breadth above her own, so close she could see the dark line of stubble on his chin. Their eyes met, their gazes held. For an instant Lily forgot to breathe, and when she finally released the air trapped in her lungs it came out in a rush.

“What if I do not want to?” she whispered.

Something flashed in James’ eyes. Something dark. Something dangerous. Something so thrilling Lily felt her toes curl. “Then heaven help you,” he murmured before he lowered his mouth to hers.





CHAPTER NINE





Lily was burning up and it wasn’t just because she was rolling around on the floor in front of the hearth, although that certainly had something to do with it. James was igniting flames inside of her… and he was setting her on fire.

Shadow and light reflected off his skin in equal measure as he settled himself beside her, resting, Lily could not help but notice, on the left side of his body. She laid flat on her back, one arm crooked behind her head, the other wound around James’ waist as though it were the most natural thing in the world to mold her body against his.

He was kissing her slowly, his mouth moving with lingering softness over her lips, occasionally drifting lower to suckle the curve of her jaw or higher to tickle the sensitive bud of her earlobe.

In the past, Lily’s kisses had always been stolen in the dark; a quick, almost painful mating of lip and tongue that left her mouth bruised and her heart feeling oddly hollow. Never in a hundred years had she imagined kissing could be like this.

James took his time with her, as though she were a fine wine meant to be sipped and cherished, not a rough shot of brandy to be quickly swallowed. His fingers were tracing an ever lengthening path down her body, starting from the flat plane of her stomach and moving down along the curve of her hip before reversing direction and gliding back up towards her breasts. Never truly touching where she ached for him most, and before long she was arching into his hand, silently begging for something she could not name but desperately wanted.

The kissing continued, filling her with an ache so keen she would have done anything to satisfy it. As though he could sense her growing frustration James murmured low in his throat, a soft, soothing sound that did little to alleviate her growing passion. She opened her eyes.

“Would you just hurry up with it?” she snapped before she quite knew what she was saying. Silence followed and she could feel her cheeks growing warmer. Now was not the time for talking, let alone barking orders. Oh, why couldn’t she just be quiet and let what was going to happen bloody well happen? Because you are an impatient hussy, she scolded herself, and you are going to ruin everything if you don’t keep your trap shut. He is kissing you, is he not? Remain calm! Easier to think than do, especially when it felt as though her entire body was being consumed by flames of desire. In hindsight she supposed it was a very good thing they had not kissed in the study, for instead of Sarah walking in on her sitting by herself in a dark room, she feared her friend would have interrupted something much more scandalous.

Why James was going through with it now when he had run before she did not have the faintest of ideas, nor was she about it question his reasons. All she knew was it felt heavenly, and despite the wrongness of it all it felt so right, and she really did want him to hurry.

As though he could sense the direction of her thoughts James paused in his kissing and nuzzled the curve of her neck. “I want to rip all the clothes off your body,” he whispered against her warm skin, “and thrust inside of you so hard you scream my name.”

“Oh,” Lily breathed.

His smile was quick to reveal itself and even quicker to retreat; a mere flashing of white teeth that never quite reached his eyes. “But that would be screwing, not lovemaking, and a woman like you is deserving of the latter.”

Leaning towards him, she sat up on her elbow. The bodice of her dress brushed against his shirt and without thinking she reached out to toy with the starched edge of his collar. “A woman like me? And what sort of woman do you suppose I am?”

James did not hesitate in his response. “A woman who knows exactly what she wants.”

If only he knew the half of it, Lily thought with the tiniest of grimaces. Again she succumbed to a deep, uncomfortable sense of guilt, but she pushed the feeling aside. She was doing what was best. After all, it wasn’t as though she had twisted James’ arm to get him down on the floor with her. He’d made that choice all on his own, and soon enough they both would pay the consequences.

“I do,” she said. “I do know exactly what I want.”

“And that is?”

She sat up straighter, reached behind her, and began to pluck at the stays on her dress. Her gaze steady on James, she allowed the tiniest, most cat like of smiles to curve her lips before she whispered, “You. I want you.”

Her gown slithered down to her waist. James’ eyes darkened with lust. He swallowed hard, his adams apple jerking in his throat. She felt an answering pull somewhere deep inside. A pull of need and desire she’d never felt before. Wordlessly he held out his arm. Lily fell into his embrace, and they both were lost.



Lily was a virgin.

No, James corrected himself roughly, Lily had been a virgin.

Now, courtesy of him, she was not.

The evidence was there on one plump ivory thigh, a stain of crimson where there should have been only pale, flawless cream. The evidence had also been there during their lovemaking. A tightening of her mouth when he first pushed into her. A flicker of pain he had mistaken for pleasure. A cry he took for a moan. So many signs… and yet he’d still taken her on the floor like some rutting beast, deflowering her with all the finesse of a wild animal.

Disgusted with himself, James rolled away and sat up to face the fire as he fumbled with his clothes. The flames had all but sputtered out, casting the room in shadow and allowing a chill to creep into the air. He felt Lily stir behind him.

They dressed in silence. He found one of her stockings by the edge of the hearth and pushed it silently towards her. She pulled his shirt from beneath the winged chair and held it out, not meeting his gaze when he took it from her. It wasn’t until James was attempting to button his shirt that he made a sound. It began as a low growl of frustration as he clumsily attempted to secure the buttons with one hand and ended with a snarl that was more befitting a wolf than a man.

“Let me,” Lily said softly.

He turned from the fire to face her, rising up on his knees, still attempting to shove the buttons into place. “I do not need your help.”

“Yes,” she said, and this time she lifted her eyes to meet his, “you do.”

Staring into those shimmering pools of amethyst James felt a deep sense of shame descend upon him. Shame that he could not do a thing so simple as button his own shirt. Shame that he had taken Lily’s innocence. Shame that he was no longer the man he had once been. It filled him with anger, all that shame, and he reacted the only way he knew how: with deliberate cruelty.

“This is your entire bloody fault, you know.”

Lily’s eyes narrowed ever-so-slightly, but her voice remained calm. “It is my fault you cannot button your shirt?”

Another growl, this one more ferocious than the last. “If it were not for you and that damn dog I wouldn’t even be here! And I wouldn’t… I wouldn’t…” But he could not form the words. He surged to his feet. Lily followed suit, albeit with an elegant grace he could not help but admire despite his anger. She’d donned her undergarments, but her dress must have been too difficult to put on by herself for it was still draped over the back of a chair. Her hair was loose and tangled, the dark curls spilling over her shoulders like a stream of black ink.

“Please leave Mr. Betram out of this. He did nothing wrong. Now if you would hold still, I can help you with your—”

“I DON’T NEED YOUR DAMN HELP!” He kicked out at a small end table, striking one of the slender legs. It cracked in half and the table, unsteady to begin with, crashed to the floor. Lily crossed her arms.

“Well I suppose that is one way to get firewood.”

James spun away from her to brace his arm across the mantle of the hearth. His chest rose and fell with the force of his breaths, even as a flicker of confusion gave him pause. Why wasn’t Lily running from him in horror? Any other woman he knew would have fled screaming by now, snow storm or no. He’d taken her virginity on the cold hard floor, blamed her for something that had been his own decision to make, and yelled at her with all the tact of a miserable old bear. Yet still she remained, composure in place, not a hint of hysteria in sight. “I wasn’t always like this, you know,” he said gruffly after a long, heavy pause.

“Moody and temperamental? I find that hard to believe.”

“No.” Frustrated, he turned and jerked his chin to the left. “Like this.”

“You mean your missing arm? I assumed you lost it in the war, but I suppose you could have been born without it. Some people are, I hear.” Lily shrugged, as though they were discussing something as benign as the weather instead of his crippling defect. “I am happy for you that you had it as long as you did, to be quite honest.”

“Happy?” James said incredulously. “You are happy?”

“Yes. Imagine if you only ever had one arm. You never would have been able to experience life with two. Although perhaps that would have been better.” The faintest of smiles lifted her mouth on one side. “I imagine you would have figured out how to button your own shirts by now.”

Was she… laughing at him?

No, not laughing, James realized. Accepting. She was accepting him, one arm and all. The concept was so foreign – not to mention unexpected – that he quite simply could not think of anything to say.

“I fear I am quite tired,” Lily said, interrupting the silence before it could stretch into something bordering on the uncomfortable. “Would you mind stoking the fire while I ready for bed?” Without waiting for a response she headed for the bedroom, only to hesitate with her fingers curled around the knob. “You will sleep with me, won’t you? For body warmth,” she said quickly before he could manage a word. “I would hate to catch a chill. Come along, Mr. Betram.”

With a groan and a mumble the old beagle surged to his feet and waddled after his mistress, leaving James staring after both of them in slack jawed astonishment.





CHAPTER TEN





28 days until Christmas

The Winswood Estate





“Sarah, I need to speak with you at once.” It was only half past ten in the morning when Lily marched into her friend’s foyer and handed her cloak and hat to a servant, but she did not think for one moment that Sarah was still abed. Thanking the maid who had taken her outer garments, she proceeded down the front hallway and into the music room without invitation.

As predicted (from many other early morning visits just like this one) she found Sarah sitting behind the pianoforte, her fingers hovering in tense anticipation above the ivory keys and her face scrunched tight in concentration.

“I cannot play this one sequence of notes,” she complained without looking up. “The bridge is particularly difficult, but Devlin talked me into doing a recital before Christmas Eve dinner and I have to do it perfectly.”

“Where is that husband of yours?” Lily asked before she collapsed into a chair and propped her feet up on a cushioned footrest. The room was warm courtesy of a crackling fire, and she rolled up the sleeves of her light yellow morning dress to mid forearm. The other fireplaces in the sprawling manor must have been going as well, for on her way up the long, twisting drive she’d noted smoke spiraling from all four chimneys, the plumes of gray standing out in sharp contrast against the clear blue sky.

It was a lovely day, last night’s raging storm only evident in the thick blanket of freshly fallen snow. If she tried hard enough Lily could almost imagine yesterday had never happened at all, until she moved a certain way and the soreness between her thighs said otherwise.

She and James had woken at first light and left the cottage as dawn was cresting on the horizon. He brought her back to where he found her and they parted ways without a word.

No promises spoken. No betrothals made. Just one long, lingering look that instantly heated her cheeks and caused the breath to stutter in her lungs. When Lily returned home – sneaking through the servant’s door around the side – everyone had still been abed with the exception of the cook, who had taken one look at Lily’s disheveled appearance, rolled her eyes, and slipped silently back into the kitchen.

She’d bathed her face and chest in cold water, exchanged one set of clothes for another, and set off at once for the Winswood estate which was only a brisk walk down the lane in the opposite direction of where she’d gone the day before.

If Sarah thought it was odd of her friend to show up before breakfast without a carriage or even a horse, she made no mention. Then again, Lily’s eccentricities were well known, especially to Sarah. Adjusting the skirt of her rose colored morning dress, the blond played a few more notes before she turned the sheet music over with a huff and stood up. “Devlin is in London on business. He left directly after the ball, and should be home by the end of the week. Do you want tea and scones? I believe Cook just made fresh ones.”

“That would be lovely.”

Sarah waited for the refreshments to be brought out on a silver platter before she sat down across from Lily. She raised her eyebrows. “Well?” she said expectantly. “What is it you have to tell me?”

Selecting a scone, Lily bit into warm dough, not realizing she was half starved until she wolfed down the first scone and started on the second. “Why do you assume I have something to tell?”

“Your mother came looking for you yesterday afternoon. I told her you were upstairs changing, and that we were going into town for a bit of shopping.”

Relief washed over Lily like a wave, only to be followed by something distinctly less comfortable. If her mother believed she had spent the day and night with Sarah, then her reputation would not be ruined as she feared… except her virginity truly had been lost. The irony of it caused her to laugh, and Sarah’s expression grew tight with concern.

“Lily, what is it? I can tell something is bothering you. I did not want to say anything at the ball, but you have been acting very odd as of late. Is this because of your father?”

Yes, it was because of her father, but not in the way Sarah meant. Lily took a deep breath. She needed to tell Sarah everything, if only so someone else could share her burden. It was a selfish thing to do, but then hadn’t she already proven that she was, in fact, quite selfish? Taking a sip of tea to settle her stomach, she told her friend everything in a rush, beginning with Mr. Guthridge’s visit and ending with that very morning when she and James parted ways without a word spoken between them.

Sarah’s eyes grew wider and wider with every revelation, but she did not interrupt and Lily was grateful for her silence. When she was finished, when there was no detail left unsaid, she slumped back in her chair, threw an arm up over her face, and groaned loudly. “And so you see I am now quite ruined. James will not have me, Christmas is right around the corner, and we will soon lose everything to Cousin Eustace.” She opened one eye and peeked under her wrist. “Have I left anything out?”

“Heavens,” Sarah said dazedly, “I hope not.”

Lily’s smile was both wry and self deprecating. “I do not know what to do,” she admitted. “I thought sleeping with James would solve all of my problems, but now I fear I have only made them worse. What if he tells someone what we did? No man would have me after that.”

“I do not know Captain Rigby overly well, but from what I have heard of him he seems like a man of high moral character.” Sarah’s smile was encouraging. “So you should not worry about him spreading idle gossip.”

“Yes, no one need know I’ve lost my virginity until my future husband discovers my lack of innocence on our wedding night and tosses me out on my ear.”

“I wouldn’t worry about that either. Seeing as your cousin will soon have all of your money and you will not be in possession of a dowry, no man of consequence is likely to look twice at you.”

Lily dropped her arm to stare incredulously at her friend. “Is that supposed to make me feel better?”

“No, I suppose not.” Sarah took a thoughtful bite of her scone. “But I am confident we will come up with a solution. After all, what happened to you is not so different than what happened to me, and look how well everything turned out with Devlin and I!”

“I fear James is not the sort of man to profess his love over a sleigh ride through the park. He did not say a word, Sarah. Not a word when we parted ways.” The anxiety of it all settled in her chest like a stone, weighing her down and leaving her rooted in the chair where she once would have paced circles around the room. What was she going to do? For once, Lily did not have an answer.

“Well, did you say anything when you parted ways this morning?” Sarah asked.

“I… No,” she said after she thought about it. “I didn’t.”

“There you have it, then!” Sarah said excitedly. A bit too excitedly, Lily thought with a scowl, given the dower circumstances. “You did not say anything so he did not say anything. Perhaps he is sitting in a drawing room somewhere at this very moment, having the same exact conversation we are!”

“I highly doubt that.”

“Oh, posh.” Sarah waved her hand in the air. “What do you know? Look at what a muck of things you’ve made so far. I must say, this is not at all your best scheming. Which makes it all the more interesting, does it not?”

“You are talking in riddles,” Lily said irritably, “and not being at all helpful.”

“I am being incredibly helpful,” Sarah corrected with a beaming smile. “And I have come up with a perfect solution.”

Hope flickered inside Lily’s heart, hesitant as a newly born flame. Was there a way to fix everything? Sarah certainly seemed to think so. She bit the inside of her cheek, telling herself not to get too excited even as the anticipation nearly drove her up and out of her chair. She wrapped her arms around her chest to contain the pounding of her heart and leaned forward. “Which is?”

“It is quite simple, really. All you have to do is ask Captain Rigby to marry you.”



James had not moved from his chair for the past hour. He sat in silence, staring down at his desk and the blank piece of blank parchment resting on top of it. The words that needed to be written on the parchment – a simple letter to a solicitor – echoed in his mind, but try as he might he could not summon the concentration necessary to commit them to paper. His mind was preoccupied, his thoughts very much elsewhere.

As the second hour began to pass his muscles grew stiff but still he remained in the chair. Not moving, just staring, as though the empty page before him would reveal all the answers he sought if he but studied it long enough.

“I knocked, but you did not answer. What are you doing?”

James jumped at the sound of his sister’s voice. He’d been so deep in thought he hadn’t heard her at the door nor, it seemed, noticed when she entered the room. Dressed in a drab gray dress with a white shawl wrapped around her shoulders she looked old beyond her years… and far more serious than any sixteen year old girl should ever appear. “I was thinking about something,” he said honestly. “What are you doing awake and dressed?” He glanced out the window, thinking perhaps more time had passed than he initially believed, but the sun was still rising in the sky, indicating the hour to be quite early.

Natalie shrugged her shoulders beneath the shawl. “I could not sleep.” Tucking her legs up, she settled into a chair, but kept her gaze on him, her blue eyes inquisitive. “You did not come home last night.”

“No.” He did not offer an explanation, for what could he say? I did not come home because I was in the process of ruining a young woman’s life. What woman? Oh, the very same one you met at the Heathcliff’s ball. He hoped Natalie would be satisfied with the fact that he was home now and leave the matter alone, but he should have known better. His sister had always been curious and, when it came down to it, often quite nosy. As a girl she’d been caught eavesdropping behind doors on more than one occasion, a habit which seemed unbroken even after all this time.

“Did you go into town?” she asked, resting her chin on her knees and looking very much like the baby sister he had left instead of the waif like, sad eyed woman he’d returned home to. “Or to the pub? Or perhaps you went—”

“Leave it alone Natty,” he said, a hard edge to his voice. Her face paled, and he could have kicked himself. “What I meant to say, is my absence is nothing you should concern yourself with… sweetheart.” The endearment sounded odd even to his own ears, but he was determined to be softer with his sister, and what better way than to begin using terms of affection? Unfortunately, it did not have the effect on Natalie he would have hoped.

“Do not call me that,” she said fiercely.

James’ forehead creased in bewilderment. “Sweetheart, I did not mean—”

“STOP IT! STOP IT! STOP IT!” she shrieked, and in the aftermath of her sudden outburst they were both silent. Natalie was breathing heavily, her small chest pushing in and out quick as a bird’s.

James noted her fingers were pressed into the arms of the leather chair so hard her knuckles shone white in the drowsy light of morning. She was terrified, he realized dumbly. Absolutely terrified. But of what? Of him? Somehow, he did not think he was the cause. The shell shocked expression on her face was the same he’d seen worn by men on the battlefield after they’d witnessed an unspeakable horror. “Natty,” he began, careful to keep his voice calm so as not to upset her further, “is there something you are not telling me?”

She shook her head quickly. Too quickly, James thought.

“Did… did something happen to you while I was away?” he persisted, not willing to let the matter drop until he had answers. They could not go on like this. He could not go on like this: walking on eggshells around his own sister, afraid of what to say, never knowing what to do. It was time she faced her demons and started healing. It was time they both faced their demons and started healing. For some reason, at that very moment, Lily’s face rose unbidden in his mind. He saw her quick smile. Her violet eyes, filled with laughter. Her long, silky legs, wrapped around his hips…

“I do not wish to speak of it,” his sister whispered, efficiently drawing him back to the present.

“Natty…”

“You should marry,” she said suddenly.

James blinked, as caught off the guard by the sudden change in conversation as he was by the topic. “I should… I should what?”

“Marry,” she repeated. “I think it would be good for you to have someone.”

“I have you,” he said automatically, but Natalie only shook her head, her smile impossibly sad.

“You need someone else,” she insisted. “Someone to help care for you and this house. Someone to make you laugh.”

Lily makes me laugh.

“You deserve to be happy again.” Natalie’s blue eyes were wide and beseeching. James looked away, unable to meet her gaze and the truth he saw reflected within. Pain recognized pain, he thought. Which was why his sister could so clearly see what he kept hidden inside.

“I have not thought of marriage.” A lie. It was all he’d been thinking about since he woke up that morning tangled in the arms of a beautiful, mischievous sprite. He knew what he had to do. What he was honor bound to do. He had taken Lily’s virginity, something that should have exclusively belonged to her future husband, and while she had been a willing party, he would not let her face the consequences of their actions alone.

And yet James could not help but think it would not be such a consequence. He knew nothing about Lily Kincaid except the husky sound of her laughter, the stubborn glint that gleamed in her eye when she’d set her mind to something, and her willingness to risk her life for an old hound anyone else would have abandoned to the wilderness. More lies. He also knew the taste of her skin. The tempo of her heart. The sound of her moan… He shook his head to clear it, and dared a quick glance at Natalie. His sister was studying him intently, the oddest of smiles on her pale face.

“Do you know what I would like for Christmas above all else?” she asked.

James did not have the faintest of ideas. “A new dress?” he ventured.

Natalie shook her head. “A sister. I should very, very much like a sister.” Leaving him gaping after her, she gathered her skirts and skipped from the room.





CHAPTER ELEVEN



25 days until Christmas





Time was running out.

Lily knew it. Her mother knew it. Elsa knew it. Even Mr. Betram knew it, if his constant nightly howling was any indication.

From James she’d heard not a word, which only made everything all the worse for she thought of him constantly. He invaded her dreams every night without fail, sliding into her subconscious as stealthily as a shadow and filling her mind with the sound of his husky voice, the serious slant of his mouth, the touch of his skin…

During the day it was not much better. Even though only three days had passed since their time together in the cottage she must have imagined him a hundred, nay, a thousand times. If she did not keep herself busy she thought of him. If she slept she thought of him. It seemed with every breath she drew she thought of him, until she was so consumed it was nearly impossible to think of anything else. Which was why, on a bright, sundrenched afternoon, she found herself with Sarah at the very last place she desired to be: a holiday fair in the middle of town.

Shop owners hawked their wares from every street corner. A man with a white beard pushed a wooden cart filled to the brim with wreaths. Children ran through the crowd selling bright red ribbons. A group of women, wearing matching green cloaks and fur muffs, sang cheerful carols at the top of their lungs.

Sarah, boasting a bright smile, held fast to Lily’s arm and steered them both towards a vendor selling steaming hot cups of chocolate. There was a rather long line – no surprise given the frigid temperature – and Sarah turned to Lily after they’d shuffled their way into it. “Isn’t this positively delightful?” she asked, raising her voice to be heard above the din.

Lily did a quick, sweeping glance of the organized chaos and struggled not to grimace. “Yes,” she lied. “Delightful.”

Sarah’s face fell. “You are not having a good time at all, are you?”

The line moved forward a few feet, and they moved with it. Lily sighed. “I am trying. Truly I am. But all of the festivities—”

“—are only reminding you that Christmas is right around the corner,” Sarah finished. “I should have taken that under consideration. We can leave, if you would like.”

“No.” Lily shook her head from side to side, causing the hood of her cloak to fall back. She’d pinned her hair up in a circular braid that wound around the crown of her head and woven red ribbon through the thick, glossy strands in an attempt to be festive. Unfortunately, it seemed not even pretty ribbon could boost her spirits, but she was not about to let her problems effect Sarah’s happiness. “We will get hot chocolate and walk all around. I saw a booth selling glass snowflakes when we first came in. I should like to buy one for Elsa, and find something for Mother as well.”

Sarah’s expression was doubtful. “Are you certain?”

“Yes, I—I…” She trailed off in sudden alarm.

“Lily? What is it? What’s wrong?”

But Lily wasn’t listening. She was, instead, doing her best to hide behind Sarah, but the blond kept spinning in a circle, making it quite difficult. “Stop moving!” she hissed, peeping up and over her friend’s shoulder at the man she’d spotted across the square. Even from this distance there was no mistaking James’ tall, rugged frame for anyone else’s.

“What on earth…” Sarah breathed, before she followed Lily’s gaze and picked James out from the crowd as well. It wasn’t very difficult to do. Even if he wasn’t dressed in all black he still would have stood out from the rest of the merry goers, as different from them as the moon was from the sun. He stood by himself off to the side, his expression shuttered. “Is that him? Is that Captain Rigby?”

Lily nodded.

Sarah squealed.

“Oh, this is perfect! You must go over and speak with him. And for heavens sake, get out from behind me.” Sarah’s frown was disapproving. “I have never seen you act like this in all my life. Why are you hiding?”

“I am not hiding,” Lily said automatically. Except she was. Feeling rather sheepish, she straightened up and stepped to the side of her friend, never taking her eyes from James. He looked well, she decided. In an I-am-angry-at-the-entire-world sort of way, which was so very typical she could not help but smile. Her smile was quick to fade, however, as she wondered if he’d been thinking of her as she’d been thinking of him.

Did he lay awake at night remembering their time spent together? Or was she already forgotten, a fleeting star in an endless sky of flickering lights? Suddenly, Lily didn’t know if she possessed the courage to find out.

“We need to leave,” she hissed, ducking back down behind Sarah’s shoulder.

“Too late,” Sarah said, sounding far too cheerful given the circumstances. Then, in a louder voice she said, “Captain Rigby, is it not? We were introduced, albeit briefly, at my home. And this” – reaching behind her, she grabbed a hold of Lily’s arm and forcibly dragged her forward – “is my dearest friend Lady Lily Kincaid.”

“We have met,” James said curtly. His eyes were cold, his countenance inscrutable. Lily could feel the words she wanted to say withering up and dieing inside of her throat. For someone who always had an answer for everything, it was a foreign – not to mention unpleasant – sensation.

“Well then,” Sarah said slowly as her gaze traveled from Lily to James and back again. “If you have already met, no doubt you wish to have a moment alone to be reacquainted. I will be right over there if you need me.” And she was gone, and even though they were surrounded by people in the middle of a very public town square, Lily had never felt more alone in all her life.

Say something, she thought desperately. Anything, say anything! “Mr. Betram is doing well,” she blurted.

“I am glad to hear it.”

Lily waited for him to say something else, but it seemed that was it. I am glad to hear it. Five short words which had nothing to do with the matter at hand. Inexplicably she was filled with an irrational surge of anger, most of it directed at the man standing in front of her. After all, he had been the one to approach her. And all he had to say for himself, after two days of silence, was ‘I am glad to hear it’? Her nostrils flared. “Could I speak with you,” she gritted out, “in a more private setting?”

James inclined his head and began to move through the crowd, his strides so long she had to pick up the hem of her skirts and run to catch up.

By the time they’d rounded the corner of the fabric store and stopped short in a narrow alley framed by two sizable brick buildings Lily was out of breath and in the grips of a temper she hadn’t felt in quite some time. “You,” she wheezed, jabbing her pointer finger at James, “are a pompous jackass.”

His eyebrows lifted. “Are we back to this?” He shifted his weight and leaned against one of the buildings. Flickers of sunlight, beaming in through the front of the alley, played across his face, illuminating the scruff of beard he’d failed to shave and a tiny white scar on the corner of his chin she hadn’t noticed until now. “Do you always toss insults about when you don’t know what else to say?”

Lily crossed her arms tight over her chest and glared. “I have plenty to say.”

“Well then, go on.”

Her mouth opened. Closed. She thought of the nights she’d spent awake staring at the ceiling and rehearsing, word for word, what she would tell James if given the opportunity. Now her chance was here, and she couldn’t think of a single thing to say.

So she said everything.

Beginning with the death of her father and ending with the cottage she left nothing out, and when she was finished it felt as though a great weight had been lifted from her shoulders. The guilt was gone, and even though her confession meant James would never marry her and everything was ruined, she was content with the knowledge she had not tricked him into a marriage they would both come to regret.

Having been unable to look him in the eye while she was spewing out the truth in quick, hot bursts of half sentences and jumbled words, she lifted her chin to gauge his reaction… and felt her jaw drop when she saw he was smiling. “Do you… Do you not understand what I have told you?”

“Oh, I understand perfectly,” he said.

“And you are not angry?” she ventured hesitantly.

He pushed away from the wall and stepped forward, crowding her back against the brick. It felt warm against her exposed neck, but the warmth of the sun drenched wall was nothing compared to heat rapidly pooling in her belly.

“Furious,” he whispered. Their eyes met and held a second before he tilted his head to the side and claimed her mouth with his.

The kiss was long and lingering and so brutally passionate it left Lily gasping for breath even after James stepped back. He stood in the middle of the alley, his shadow flung up over her left shoulder. His expression was impossible to read, his body taut.

“What… what was that for?” she gasped.

“A test,” he said.

She fought the urge to grind her teeth. Getting the man to say more than three words was the equivalent of prying a rusty nail from a hard knot of wood. “What kind of test?”

“One to see if what we had before was real or feigned.”

Oh. “And?”

“I believe it was real.” He rubbed the side of his face where her fingers had pressed while they kissed. “Why tell me everything now? You could have gotten away with it, and I would never have been the wiser.”

Lily shook her head. “I do not want you to want me because you feel obligated or… or honor bound.”

“And if I wanted you for you?”

She regarded him sadly. Perhaps, in another time, in another place, they could have been perfect for each other. She liked to think what she felt for him was not born of desperation, but how could she ever know for certain? Despite having shared their bodies they were still strangers. They’d really only met twice, at the ball and then on the road that ultimately led to the cottage. “How could you? I just admitted that I wanted to trick you into marrying me.” The shame of it brought a rush of color to her cheeks. “You deserve someone far better than I. You are a good man, James Rigby.” She ached to touch him, and burrowed her hands deep into the pockets of her cloak, her hands curling into fists so tight it caused her nails to bite into her palms. “An honorable man. Even a kind one, beneath all your gruffness.” She managed a smile. “You need a woman who is quiet and soft and gentle. I am none of those things, nor do I fear will I ever be.

Something flickered across James’ face. Surprise? Anger? Regret? Lily could not be certain. She began to say goodbye, but the words remained locked inside her throat. Realizing she was perilously close to tears she let her body say what her voice could not.

The embrace was painfully quick. Her arms, wrapped around his neck. Her lips, pressed against his cheek. Inhaling the scent of him. Memorizing the feel of him. One last, longing stare.

And then she ran.



You deserve someone far better than I.

Lily’s voice played back in James’ mind as he watched her hurry away. He kept his gaze trained on her dark blue cloak for as long as he could, but when she went behind a vendor’s cart he lost her to the crowd.

The bloody woman thought she wasn’t good enough for him.

Clearly, she was a bit mad.

Yet still he wanted her in a way he’d never wanted anything in his entire life. It consumed him, this want, until he could not think of anything else. The taste of her lingered on his lips and he stared at the place where she’d been far longer than he should have.

When the sounds of the holiday fair finally began to wind down and the sun was heavy in the sky James returned home. The house was empty – Natalie was staying the night at a friend’s – and, for the first time in a very long time, he yearned for sound. He needed light and laughter to fill the carnivorous hole inside of him, a hole forged by death and decay and dark things no man should ever bear witness. He needed someone loud and boisterous. Someone who wasn’t afraid to tell him when he was being an ass or, he thought with a smile, a bacon-brained fatwit.

He wanted to hear the house ring with the sounds of children laughing, James realized as he sat heavily behind his desk. And he wanted Natalie to have a woman she could speak to. Someone strong she could admire and trust. Someone to help her face the demons that haunted her.

His fingers began to drum on the hard wood of the desk. If given the choice, he would have preferred to take his time. To court Lily as she deserved to be courted. To woo her and love her and whisper sweet nothings in her air as they danced in the moonlight. But he wasn’t that man anymore, and she didn’t have the patience to be that woman.

Would it work? Christmas was little more than three weeks away. He knew the strain of it must have been hanging over Lily’s head like a guillotine, and he did not begrudge her her actions, nor condemn her for them. She’d been willing to risk all for her family, but even with the solution to all of her problems right in front of her she had not gone through with it. There must have been a reason above and beyond her moral conscience. He liked to think that reason was him, but he could not know until he did what needed to be done.

Resting his elbow on the table, James buried his face in the hard, leather skin of his palm and for the first time since his return, murmured a prayer.





CHAPTER TWELVE



Christmas Eve





Eight hours. That was all that stood between her and complete financial ruin. Standing to back of a caroling group, hidden in shadow and half-heartedly mouthing along the words to a song she knew by heart, Lily could not help but think of her many failures.

If she’d only listened to her father more and argued with her mother less. Paid attention during her tutoring sessions. Learned how to sew a decent stitch. Feigned interest in a man when he was talking to her, even if he was terribly boring. Played the pianoforte with grace. Bitten her tongue instead of blurting out the first thought that entered her head. So many little things she’d been too stubborn to fix and now here she was without a prayer of finding a husband.

And still, even after everything, she thought of James.

It had been twenty four long, lonely days since the holiday fair. Twenty four mornings of waking up and racing downstairs to see if any note had been delivered during the night. Twenty four afternoons spent at home on the offhand chance he happened by to see her. Twenty four nights spent dreaming of him.

She was absolutely miserable, and she knew her misery was born of a broken heart. The stupid man had made her fall in love with him and then she’d mucked it all up. At first she tried to convince herself it was simply a passing fancy. After all, he was her first. But she knew, deep in her soul, that no matter if one man or a hundred came after him, he would always be her only.

The only one to make her laugh.

The only one to make her yearn.

The only one to touch her heart.

This is what happens when you fall in love with broken men, she thought darkly. You end up being the one broken in the end.

The carolers, immersed in their songs and feelings of goodwill, moved onwards down the lane towards the next house, lighting the way with candles and torches decorated with ribbons and holly. Lily stayed in the shadows, letting her mother and Elsa go on without her. She was not fit for company, and she did not want her mood to ruin the night for anyone else.

“I thought the point of caroling was to sing,” a deep, achingly familiar voice drawled from the shadows.

Lily jumped and whirled, kicking out a spray of snow. She squinted into the darkness, trying to decipher shape from shadow, and could not help but gasp aloud when James stepped forward from beneath the eves of a shed. He held a single candle, the light from it illuminating his face.

“What… what are you doing here?”

He stepped closer and the circle of light enveloped her in its rosy glow. “I asked Lady Heathcliff where I could find you. She was very helpful.”

Sarah, who had begged off the evening’s festivities because of a head cold. Sarah, who had known James would come looking for her. Sarah, who was not long for this world once Lily got her hands on her.

She shook her head. “I do not understand.”

“I know,” James said softly. “It should not make sense, but it does.”

“What does?”

He held her gaze, his dark, soulful eyes unblinking and for once she could read the emotion swirling behind the wall of stone. It struck a chord in her heart, pulling her towards him even as she dug in her heels and did her best to resist. “You. Me. Us. We make sense,” he said. “I do not now how, or why, but we bloody well do. You know it as well. I know you do.”

Lily bit her lip and looked away. In the distance she could hear the joyful notes of a familiar Christmas ballad and she was reminded of the date, and all the implications it carried with it. She twisted away, giving him her shoulder. “You are only saying this because you feel obligated. You shouldn’t,” she said, more sharply than she intended. “There will be no… no complications from our time spent together and it was as much my fault as it was yours, so do not think you have ruined me. I ruined myself.”

“Lily.”

She tensed at the sound of her name on his lips. Had he ever spoken it aloud before? She didn’t know. She could not remember. “If you are here out of pity or some foolish sense of—”

He stepped forward, closing the distance between them in one long, loping stride. His hand fell heavily on her arm and he spun her around. Yanked her tight against his chest. “I came here for you,” he said fiercely.

She tilted her head back, searching for the truth in his eyes. What she saw left her breathless. Still, she dared not believe what was right in front of her. Dared not believe such a thing was even possible. “If that is true, where have you been?”

“In Edinburgh and London and every other bloody place I could think of to secure a special marriage license.”

At that, Lily’s vocal chords quite simply stopped working. Her lips parted, but no sound came out save a squeak that James seemed to find quite amusing if his sudden grin was any indication. It was there and gone again before she had time to blink, but the trace of it lingered in his eyes and touched something deep inside her heart.

“I’ve been granted one from the archbishop,” he said, answering her unspoken question, “and the parish priest is ready to marry us. We can be wed tonight, if you wish it, and you need never worry again for the future of your family. Between myself and your father’s will, they shall be well provided for.”

“T-tonight?” Lily croaked. “But… but it is all happening so quickly.”

James steadied her against his chest when she would have pulled back. His arm tightened around the curve of her hip, holding her against him, refusing to let go. “Do you think my feelings will be any less a month from now? Or a year? For the first time in a long time I know exactly what I want, Lily Kincaid. And nothing will change that.”

“You barely know me.” Lily didn’t know why she was resisting. This was what she wanted. What she’d dreamed of. But to wish for something wondrous to happen and then to actually be granted such a wish were two very different things entirely. How could James possibly want her? She’d been rude to him. Tricked him. Called him names. And loved him, a softer voice intruded. Listened to him. Held him while he slept. Treated him as a man, not a monster. Seen him as he is now, not who he used to be.

James slowly slid his arm from around her back. He cupped her jaw, his thumb reaching up to trace along the delicate curve of her cheekbone. “I know you are intelligent. I know you are witty. I know you are beautiful. I know you are brave and strong and stubborn to a fault. I know you make me want to be a better man.” He took a deep breath. “I am not healed, Lily. I have scars on the outside and within. I am not perfect, but I know we are perfect for each other. We may have only known each other for a short time, but my soul knows you, Lily. I know you.”

Her lips parted. She scrambled to think of the right thing to say but her heart was melting, and her mind was quickly following suit. In the end, she said what she felt in the depths of her soul. Staring up into James’ eyes, seeing the love shining through as bright as the stars in the sky, she whispered, “I know you.”

And she did.





EPILOGUE





In the end, they were not married on Christmas Eve.

Lily did not want James to think the only reason she was marrying him was to preserve the inheritance, and even though he was adamant to the contrary, she stood firm.

“Stubborn brat,” he told her with great affection.

“Goose livered nincompoop,” she replied before she looped her arms around his neck and kissed him senseless.

They told Lily’s mother on Christmas morning. She wept, and declared it was the best present she had ever received. The two families dined together, and Natalie and Elsa were already on their way to becoming the very closest of friends.

The only damper on an otherwise perfect evening was the arrival of Cousin Eustace and Venetia, who came uninvited while dessert was being served. Lily still wasn’t certain what James said to her cousin; all she knew was Eustace vowed not to lay a finger on her dowry and left with all haste, dragging his squabbling wife behind him.

They were married the day after Christmas. True to his word James had been able to procure a special license and the parish priest, a short, bald man with twinkling blue eyes and a ready smile, wed them before their closest family and loved ones.

When Lily and James emerged from the church shoes were thrown – for luck – and as if on cue snow began to fall from the sky. Tipping her head back, Lily caught a flake on her tongue. With her face tilted up towards the heavens she saw, for an instant, a bright flash of light. Warmth spread over her, and she tightened her grip on her husband’s arm. He gazed down at her, and she knew the love in his eyes was echoed in her own.

Lily still wasn’t sure exactly when it happened, or how. She only knew she loved the man standing beside her with all her heart, and she was blessed to be able to spend the rest of her life with him. To keep a home with him. To raise a family with him. To love him unconditionally, until her last breath was taken.

Their future together would not be an easy one, Lily knew that as well. They would argue and fight – they were both too stubborn not to. But through all the trials and tribulations she knew their love would shine like a beacon, brightening their lives and always bringing them back to each other in the end.

Again she looked to the sky, this time with understanding. “Thank you Father,” she whispered, “and Merry Christmas.”





READ ON FOR AN EXCERPT FROM JILLIAN EATON’S HISTORICAL ROMANCE NOVELLA



THE SPINSTER AND THE DUKE



AVAILABLE NOW ON AMAZON & BARNES & NOBLE!





THE SPINSTER & THE DUKE



PROLOGUE



June, 1785

Ashburn Estate



The ring felt heavy on her finger.

Staring down at the thick gold band with the Ashburn family crest engraved into the middle, Abigail blinked back tears. Do not cry in front of him, she ordered herself silently. Don’t you dare.

“Abby, I… I am sorry.” Looking supremely uncomfortable, Rocky – better known to his peers as Reginald Browning the Third, Marquess of Rutherford and future Duke of Ashburn – ran his fingers through his thick brown hair and scowled down at the floor. “I never wanted it to end like this.”

Abigail never wanted it to end at all, even though some small part of her knew – had always known, perhaps – that it would. She was the daughter of a baron. Rocky was the sole heir to a dukedom. Their love was never meant to last.

“I want you to take the ring,” she said softly.

“No, Abby, you keep—”

But it was already off her finger. She clenched it tight in her fist, feeling the weight of it, the smoothness. It had felt so right on her hand that she’d let herself believe… but no. Some things were simply not meant to be, no matter how much you wished it otherwise.

“It was never mine to keep.” She opened her fingers and the ring fell with a quiet plink onto the table between them. Straightening in her chair Abigail gazed past Rocky to the window. It was partially open, allowing a warm breeze to flutter through the stuffy parlor. She pulled at the high collar of her gown and took a deep, steadying breath. “I should be going now.”

For one fleeting moment she thought Rocky was going to change his mind. A tiny flame of hope flickered within her, only to be abruptly extinguished when he stood up and formerly offered his arm as though she was a passing acquaintance instead of the girl he had pledged his heart to.

Do not cry. Whatever you do, do not cry.

Her chest aching with the force it took to hold her tears at bay, Abigail walked beside him in stiff legged silence. When they reached the grand foyer she hesitated, her gaze trained on the door that would not only take her outside to the carriage that waited to take her home, but out of Rocky’s life forever.

“Abby…”

She detested the quiet plea in his voice. He wanted her to leave without a fuss so he could go on with his life as though she never existed. So he could sweep the memory of her beneath the rug as though she were dust.

Abigail lifted her chin. She may not have been the woman the Dowager Duchess of Ashburn wanted her eldest son and heir to marry, but that did not make her dirt. She was not some secret mistress or scandalous affair. She was Rocky’s fiancée – or at least she had been, before she took his ring off her finger and put it on the table.

“I am going to live with my sister in Leeds,” she informed him. “She has a young daughter and is need of a governess.”

Reggie’s blue eyes went wide. “I do not want you to leave.”

Abigail regarded him steadily, schooling her countenance to hide the fact that she was perilously close to tears. “But you do not love me enough to want me to stay.”

He dropped her arm and stepped back, his jaw tightening and clenching as he fought to disguise his own emotions. At twenty-two, Reggie was a boy on the verge of manhood. He was undeniably handsome with dark hair, piercing eyes the same color of the sky on a cold winter’s day, and chiseled features. He would be handsomer still in time, and Abigail felt a renewed sense of loss as she realized she would never know the man he would one day grow to be.

“Do not do this Abby,” he said gruffly. “We said our goodbyes. There is no need to make this harder than it already is.”

There was every need, but Abigail merely nodded. The time for words had passed. There was nothing else she could say. Nothing else she could do. “I hope you have a happy life.” Shoulders pulled back, hazel eyes sparkling with unshed tears, she took a deep breath and walked out the door.



As he watched her leave, Reggie knew only one thing for certain: with Abby gone he would never know true happiness again.





CHAPTER ONE



Thirty Years Later

Marseilles, France





The funeral was short and bittersweet.

Standing over the freshly dug grave of the woman he had called his wife for twenty seven years, Reginald disguised his quiet grieving behind a mask of stoicism. The stiff autumn air pulled at his cloak, sweeping it off his shoulders. Beneath the swath of black fabric he stood tall, a formidable man even at the progressed age of fifty and two.

His hair was more gray than brown now and wrinkles creased his face, but time had treated him fairly and aged him well, rather like a fine wine that grew more potent as the years passed it by.

Murmuring a quiet prayer, Reginald knelt to lay a single white rose on the overturned earth and with one final, lingering glance bowed his head and walked away from Theresa’s final resting sight. She was beside her parents now, which he knew she would have vastly preferred to being brought back to England and buried at Ashburn, an estate she had never cared for nor frequented more than a handful of times.

Their lives had been in France, much to his mother’s everlasting dismay. It was where they built a home. Where Theresa bore him three daughters. Where one of them died before her fifth birthday. Where they learned to live, and even occasionally laugh, together. Their union was never intended to be a love match, but there had always been affection and respect both given and received.

If they found physical comforts beyond the marriage bed neither complained and in the later years of their marriage when they lived separate lives, both of them were content in the knowledge they had always been kind to one another.

Leaving the small, well tended graveyard behind Reginald followed a narrow footpath to the bluffs that ran along the edge of the property. It was a cold, blustery day and the salt air stung his eyes, summoning tears he wiped briskly away.

Soon it would be winter. Theresa’s beloved gardens would go dormant and the cold would gnaw mercilessly at his aching bones. Pinching the bridge of his nose, Reginald wondered when the bloody hell he’d grown so old.

This winter would be his fifty second. It was a lifetime for some. A fleeting second for others. Where had the time gone? To a wife he cared for but did not love. To children he loved but did not know.

With Theresa dead and buried, there was nothing left for him here. His two daughters had moved on years before, drawn back to England to begin and raise families of their own. He missed them, but as he stood on the edge of the cliff and stared down at the waves crashing violently in a spray of raging white surf against the rocks below, Reginald did not think of his daughters or his grandchildren or even his deceased wife. He thought, as he always had, as he always did, of Abby.

And he yearned.



Abigail had only one thing on her mind.

Crumpets.

Bustling through her small, tidy townhouse – the passage of the time may have given her more gray hairs than she would have liked, but it had done nothing to dull her energy – she zipped through the parlor, whisked through the foyer, and came up short in the kitchen, an expression of horror slowly dawning on her face as she took in the porcelain plate sitting empty on the table.

“The crumpets. What happened to the crumpets?”

“I ate them all.” Stepping out from behind an open cupboard balancing a stack of white serving plates trimmed with delicate pink roses, Lady Dianna Foxcroft – Abigail’s beloved niece and apparent devourer of sweet – smiled innocently at her aunt.

A remarkably pretty young woman with short blond curls, a heart shaped face boasting two matching dimples, and cornflower blue eyes, Dianna lived on the other side of the park with her parents but frequented Abigail’s townhouse more than she did her own. The two shared a close bond, one that had been forged during Dianna’s childhood when her parents dedicated more time to their various social causes than they did to their only child.

Since her best friend Miss Charlotte Vanderley – Graystone now, following her impromptu and rather scandalous wedding to Gavin Graystone, a handsome entrepreneur – had retired prematurely to the country, Dianna had been calling upon her aunt more often than usual. Normally Abigail would have welcomed the extra attention, but not at the expense of her beloved crumpets.

“Did you truly eat them all?” she said, aghast at the very idea.

Dianna giggled. “No, Aunt Abigail, I did not eat them all. Calm yourself,” she said with a disapproving cluck of her tongue. “You know too much excitement is not good for your digestion. I put them by the window to cool. They will be ready to eat in a moment or so.”

“Brat,” Abigail said with great affection. “I thought I raised you better than to play practical jokes on poor old women.”

Dianna set the serving plates down on the table and pulled out two chairs, one for Abigail and one for herself, before she went to the window to fetch the plate of crumpets. She set them down in the middle of the table before sinking gracefully into her seat with only a slight flutter of blue muslin. “First of all, you are not old. Second of all, you are the one who used to encourage my pranks! Do you remember when you coaxed me into putting a frog in Mother’s drawer of unmentionables?”

Abigail sniffed even as she hid a smile behind her hand. Dianna may have inherited her poise and ladylike grace from her mother, but her mischievous nature came purely from her aunt. “I am quite certain I have no idea what you are speaking of,” she said.

Unfazed by Abigail’s prim denial, Dianna continued, “She was cross with me for weeks. Not to mention when we put some of Father’s scotch in the lemonade at the picnic—”

“Eat your crumpet dear, it is getting cold.”

They ate in companionable silence, and when the plate was empty and the dishes wiped clean retired to the parlor for a spot of tea. Dianna sat in front of the pianoforte and began to play a soft, lilting tune that brought to mind flowers in the springtime and rolling fields covered in sparkling dew.

“You have been practicing,” Abigail observed with no small amount of pride. Crossing her legs at the ankle, she leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes with a little sigh, letting the music wash over her in a tinkling wave of notes. This was what she had always wanted and never let herself dream: a house filled with music and children and light and laughter. She could have had all of that, she supposed. But without Reginald beside her it would not have been true, and having something be only half of what you wished it was far worse than not having it at all.

“Aunt Abigail, I have been thinking about what you said all those weeks ago in the carriage,” Dianna said suddenly.

Abigail opened her eyes to find Dianna had stopped playing and was watching her, a troubled expression marring her fair countenance.

“Oh?” she said, her brow creasing in thought as she struggled to recall what conversation would give her niece reason to remember it after so much time had passed. As Dianna’s chaperone she accompanied the younger woman on nearly every outing and they often discussed a myriad of topics ranging from the weather to Dianna’s tenuous relationship with her parents. Nothing out of the ordinary immediately came to mind, forcing her to ask, “What did I say?”

“Charlotte was with us,” Dianna began, referring once again to her dearest friend, “and we were on our way to Twinings Tea Shop.”

That hardly helped to narrow it down. “I am afraid you will have to be more specific.”

“Your engagement to the Duke of Ashburn.”

Reginald.

Abigail’s breath escaped in a little hiss of dismay. She had never meant to tell Dianna and Charlotte of her one time fiancée, but given Charlotte’s predicament at the time it seemed a rather fitting story to share.

They had been on their way to Twinings, just as Dianna said. Charlotte was meeting with her maid to learn more information about the heinous man she was engaged to against her will, and Abigail was attending as their chaperone.

Now that she had a reference as to what conversation Dianna was referring to, it played back through her mind as though it had happened yesterday instead of weeks ago.



“I was engaged to a duke once, you know,” she had said, setting aside the book she had been reading on the carriage seat beside her.

“A duke, Aunt Abigail?” Dianna had repeated dubiously. “Are you certain?”

“Am I certain who I was once engaged to?” She smiled, amused by her niece’s incredulous expression. “Yes, I do believe I am. I may now spend my days with my nose buried in a book, but it wasn’t always so, my dears. I once led quite the exciting life.”

“What was his name?” Charlotte asked.

“And what happened?” Dianna piped in.

Taking a moment, she smoothed her skirt into place before resting her hands across her lap. She gazed out the window, her countenance softening as she remembered a time long since past. “His name was Reginald Browning the Third, Duke of Ashburn.” The corners of her eyes crinkled as she smiled. “I called him Rocky. We grew up next to each other and as a result became fast childhood friends, even though he was destined to inherit a dukedom and I was the third daughter of a Baron. He asked me to marry him on my seventeenth birthday. He was the impulsive sort. We both were.”

“Oh, how romantic,” Dianna sighed.

“Romantic, yes. Practical, no. Rocky’s mother was furious with him, and with me. She demanded he break the engagement. By then it had gone public, of course.”

“Oh dear,” Dianna murmured.

“Yes,” Abigail agreed, “‘oh dear’ sums it up quite nicely. Rocky said he loved me, and I believed him. But we both knew the engagement could not continue, and he ended it a week later. We fell out of touch after that. I saw him occasionally in London, but after his father died and he became a duke he ran with a more exclusive set than I did. He ended up married to the daughter of a marquess, I believe, and moved to France to be near her family. I have not seen him since.”



“Were you heartbroken when it happened?”

Dianna’s question, bluntly spoken, drew Abigail out of the past and into the present. Had anyone else asked her about Reginald she would have changed the subject, but if Dianna wanted the truth, then she would receive.

“I was,” she confessed. Her hands twisted in her lap and for a moment she stared at her left ring finger where the Ashburn crest had once rested. She wondered now, as she had wondered then, how different her life would have been if the ring remained there still. But she banished the wayward thought with an inward shake of her head, chasing away all of the “would haves” and the “could haves”.

Dianna bit her lip. “I do not mean to pry, but I have been giving my own engagement considerable thought lately. I never loved Miles as you loved your Rocky, but it still hurts.”

The Mannish women, Abigail reflected dryly, were quite unlucky in terms of love. Of her three sisters only Martha had ever married, and it was not precisely what one would call a happy union.

Rodger Foxcroft, a baron of some wealth and property, had swept Martha off her feet in a matter of weeks and she was married before the season’s end. Unfortunately, by the time Dianna was born the passion between Rodger and Martha had cooled considerably and they lived completely separate lives; a sad, albeit not uncommon, occurrence within the ton.

That did not stop them from forcing the same fate upon their daughter, however, and Abigail’s mouth twisted in anger as she thought of the ridiculously outdated betrothal contract her sister and brother-in-law had made Dianna enter at the young, impressionable age of nine.

To her surprise and relief, however, it seemed for a time as though all would be well. Dianna and her future husband – a charismatic lad who would one day inherit the Earldom of Winfield – got along splendidly as children and continued their friendship into young adulthood. But the day before Dianna’s sixteenth birthday Miles left to travel the continent.

That was four years ago, and no one had heard a word from him since.

“It must be positively dreadful for you,” Abigail said sympathetically. “I cannot imagine.” To lose Reginald was bad enough, but at least she knew what had happened to him. To go through her life never knowing… It was unbearable to think about. “I do not mean to upset you, dear, but do you know how much time must pass for one to be declared legally deceased? If that were to happen then you would be free from the contract.”

“His mother claims she still receives letters from him,” Dianna said, a rare sliver of bitterness creeping into her tone. “I fear she lies, but what proof do I have?”

“What proof indeed,” Abigail murmured. She sighed and straightened in her chair. “When I lost Reginald, it was a decision we came to together.” More or less. “We were foolish to ever think we could be married.”

Dianna’s blue eyes darkened. “You were not foolish, you were in love.”

“Stupidly so,” Abigail agreed.

“Do you… Do you still think of him? After all this time?”

Every day. “Once in a great while.”

“You must despise him for what he did.”

“Oh, no,” she said honestly. “When I remember him and our time spent together it is with great affection and fondness. We were children, Dianna, and were both forced to pay the price for our impetuousness. But that part of my life is long over.” Reaching out blindly, she grasped her tea cup and took a liberal sip of the cooling liquid. “Best not to dwell on the past, my dear. Memories are what they are. You cannot change them.”

One of Dianna’s shoulders lifted and fell in an elegant shrug. “I suppose that is true enough. It is curious, though, is it not, that you never married?”

Something twisted unpleasantly in Abigail’s stomach. Now she knew why she never talked of Reginald, nor of the history they had shared. It hurt her now just as it had back then. It seemed time did not lessen the pain of all wounds, and the ones she had sustained all those years before were still slowly trickling blood. “I did not marry because I had no wish to do so,” she said firmly, hoping her tone would put an end to the subject.

“So you have no lingering feelings at all,” Dianna persisted.

“For Reginald?” Abigail took another sip of her tea. “No, none at all.” It was, she reflected, one of the only lies she had ever told her niece.

“Then it will not matter to you, then.”

Abigail peered at Dianna over the curved rim of her cup. “What will not matter?” she asked suspiciously.

“It was in all of the papers yesterday morn. I am surprised you have not heard already.”

“Heard what?” She loved her niece, she truly did, but sometimes the girl could be nothing short of exasperating.

“The Duke of Ashburn. He is returning home.”

Abigail’s teacup slipped from her hands and shattered on the floor.





Young and blissfully in love, Reginald and Abigail were once engaged to be married. Their lives should have ended in happily-ever-after, but he was destined to be a duke and she was the third daughter of a baron. Curtailing to his mother’s demands, Reginald broke the engagement… and Abigail’s heart.



Thirty years have passed since then. Now a confirmed spinster, Abigail has forgiven the boy she loved, but she has never forgotten the man. When Reginald unexpectedly returns to England she wants nothing to do with him, fearful of stirring up old feelings that should have died long ago.



Reginald made the worst mistake of his life when he left Abigail. She is the only woman he has ever loved, and he is willing to risk everything to get her back. But once lost trust does not come easily, and Abigail is reluctant to give her heart away a second time.



Can Reginald and Abigail come to terms with their painful past? Or are some second chances best left untaken? Find out in The Spinster and the Duke.



BARNES & NOBLE // AMAZON





