THE ELIZABETH CHATER REGENCY ROMANCE COLLECTION



#4





The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #4

Kindle Edition





The Runaway Debutante

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1985

Cover image “My Next-Door Neighbour” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons.

Source





Milady Hot-At-Hand

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1981

Cover image “A Wet Sunday Morning” Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





A Time to Love

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1986

Cover image “A Stern Chase, is a Long Chase” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





A Place for Alfreda

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1987

Cover image “A Quiet Moment” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





Copyright Chater Publishing 2013

All rights reserved. Printed with permission



This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to people living or dead is purely coincidental.



Chater Publishing would like to thank Jerry Chater for transcribing the following document.



For more information about the amazing life of Elizabeth Chater, please visit: Elizabethchater.com.



For more books from Chater Publishing, please visit: Chater Publishing.





Table of contents

THE RUNAWAY DEBUTANTE

MILADY HOT AT HAND

A TIME TO LOVE

A PLACE FOR ALFREDA

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

OTHER BOOKS BY ELIZABETH CHATER





THE RUNAWAY DEBUTANTE





Elizabeth Chater





To Richard Curtis





Table of Contents The Runaway Debutante

Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19





Prologue: Portman Square



London 1815





“You are telling me you have lost your entire fortune?” Lady Mountavon glared in horrified disbelief at her granite-faced spouse.

“To Tark,” he confirmed. “But there’s a way around the disaster.”

Lady Amelia exhaled, shock and disapproval vying with a faint hope aroused by his last remark. His announcement had staggered even her iron self-control. “You are not telling me that the Earl of Tark is willing to forgive you your gambling losses?”

“For a suitable consideration, yes, he is.”

“Consideration?” challenged his wife bitterly. “What else is left, if indeed you’ve lost it all to him already? A pint of your blood? Or mine?”

“Matilda.” Lord Mountavon’s voice was emotionless.

His wife’s face whitened under her maquillage. “But how can she—”

“He is willing to marry her,” said Lord George.

His wife was guilty of an openmouthed gape. Finally she stuttered, “M-m-marry? But he’s the most notorious rake-hell in London! He’s been denied a voucher to Almacks! Even Hortensia Bullach, who has five ugly daughters to fire off, would not let that lecher within arm’s length of them!”

“He wouldn’t wish to be,” snapped her exasperated husband. He was willing, in the cold light of the day after, to admit that he had acted the fool again in wagering beyond his means, but the fact that he had been able to make a recovery—or would be able to do so if his cold, straitlaced wife could be brought to see the advantages of the situation—had already done much to mitigate his self-reproach.

He began now, in a tone he considered to be calmly reasonable, to explain the compromise the earl had suggested. “As you may be aware, Tark is in his fifties—”

“At least!” interjected Amelia aggressively.

“—and he is desirous of having an heir,” continued her husband as though she had not interrupted.

“Although England and possibly the Continent are peppered with his by-blows,” his wife continued to comment nastily.

Her beleaguered spouse lost his temper. “Will you hear me out? I should think you would be more than willing to learn how easily we may retain at least part of our fortune!”

“Fortune?” sniffed the incorrigible Amelia. Then she relented. “Yes, George, I am more than willing to learn how this miracle may be accomplished. But I must warn you that I would not trust the Earl of Tark if he came sponsored by an archbishop.”

“That is exactly what he wishes to do,” her husband told her. “He would marry a young, fresh biddable female of flawless lineage, and get some heirs upon her with all speed. I told him he might recover face in the ton if he wed a girl upon whom no breath of scandal has ever blown. And wed her with all pomp and circumstance.”

“He accepted that?” mocked his wife, but already her shock and anger were dissipating into a kind of smug complacency. An earl was not so bad—even that one!

In his turn, her husband’s expression became self-satisfied. “He said he’d never met the chit, but he did know something of our background—‘Never play against a stranger’ is his rule—so he agreed she would be ideal as a wife and mother. In fact, he wants to have the business over as soon as possible. He’s going to visit friends in Italy for three weeks, which gives us time to have the banns called. The ceremony can take place as soon as he returns. He’s paying the whole shot, of course.”

“Of course,” agreed his wife absently. She was already planning how best to manage the thing so as to wring as much consequence for herself as possible from it. “It is a pity your daughter is not a beauty, George.” She preened herself. She had been a veritable diamond; some faint traces of her former beauty still remained.

With sensible caution, Lord George forbore to point out that those days were long past. Instead, pleased to have gotten over so much rough ground so lightly, he gave the flattering smile she expected.

“When will you tell the girl she’s betrothed?” he asked.

“Oh, tomorrow will do,” shrugged his wife. “She’s such a mousy little creature that I’ll have no trouble with her. I’ll stress the fact it’s not every day a green miss is chosen by a member of the aristocracy.”

“Let’s hope she hasn’t heard any of the stories about this particular aristocrat,” grinned Mountavon. “She might cut up awkward.”

“I shall handle it,” promised Lady Amelia so grimly that for one vagrant moment Lord George felt a twinge of discomfort at the thought of the lamb being led to that particular sacrifice. He hardly knew the girl—Lady Amelia did not believe in saccharine, clinging family relationships and had relegated the child to nurses and a governess since the day of her birth—but he wondered how such a fledgling could deal with the vicious sophisticate he was giving her to. He shrugged. Any alternative to Tark’s plan involved disaster so horrendous that it would forever ruin any chance Matilda might have, as well as those of her parents.

As it happened, Miss Alford, Matilda’s governess, had indeed heard of the Earl of Tark. When she beheld the white face and wide fear-darkened eyes of her beloved pupil, she immediately demanded to be told what had happened at the interview with her mama, in itself a very unusual occurrence. As Matilda told her, in a soft, shaken voice, Miss Alford’s expression became more and more grim.

“You say this is already settled, my dear?” she asked when the tale was finished.

Matilda tried to smile. “Mama tells me I am the most fortunate female in nature,” she quoted. “I—I had not heard of the Earl of Tark. But then, I haven’t heard of many men, have I—not being allowed to go into society, nor to have any girl friends to chat with?”

Miss Alford set her teeth against the kind of diatribe she would have enjoyed launching against two of the most insensitive parents it had ever been her misfortune to encounter. Parents! They hardly ever saw the child; never arranged to do anything with her, even on her birthday or other holidays normally set aside for family sharing. Lord and Lady Mountavon were as cold and selfish a pair of human beings as Miss Alford had ever met. She was only thankful that they had employed her to take care of their lonely child and teach her the graces of social behavior.

The girl’s mind was quick and bright. She had easily picked up not only the socially acceptable accomplishments, but also a good measure of solid education in more useful fields. Her governess had carried out this program to give Matilda a life raft. She had had a secret fear, a foreboding, that her darling charge might someday find herself compelled to make her own way in the world. Lord Mountavon’s gambling was notorious. It had been only a matter of time until some catastrophe such as this present one occurred. Miss Alford had not envisioned anything as bad as the Earl of Tark, however. Even an obscure governess had heard of his licentious behavior. What were the Mountavons thinking of, to consider linking their only child to such a creature?

Miss Alford smiled bitterly. “They were thinking of themselves, of course—of their comfort, their consequence, their pleasure—as they had always done. The governess set her jaw.

“We must appeal to your mama, Matilda. The earl is really not the man for you, my dear.” As she spoke the words, she knew it was well-nigh hopeless. Still, she tried.

And was summarily dismissed from service for her pains. As was Matilda’s personal maid, Polly.

“My daughter will not need you after she is married to Tark,” Lady Amelia said coldly. “As for the girl who dresses my daughter, she will not do at all in the new world Lady Matilda is entering. I shall have to look for a smart dresser this week. Or perhaps I’ll let Minip work with her. She has plenty of idle time as it is.” Minip was Milady’s dresser, a toplofty creature.

Miss Alford knew a moment’s satisfaction at the situation that would occur when Lady Amelia realized just how much work the governess had been doing these last few years. “I hope she will be able to handle your correspondence and shopping,” she murmured, but Lady Amelia was not listening.

The double loss, of Alford and Polly, devastated Matilda. She crept into Miss Alford’s tiny room that night and demanded to be told the truth of the situation. “For, from what you have said, I gather that the earl of Tark is not a good man.”

Miss Alford suspended her packing and sat down, drawing the girl to a seat beside her on the bed. “He has a very bad reputation.” She began cautiously.

“In what way?”

“What can I say? thought the governess in despair. Can I tell this innocent that he is a cruel, lecherous man? She will not understand what I mean! She has no notion of depravity!

“Are you afraid he will hurt me? Beat me?” prodded Matilda.

Miss Alford gathered her poise. “I am afraid he will abuse you in—in the marriage bed, a place where tenderness and gentle love should reign supreme.” I am a fool, she thought, a romantic fool. Gentleness, in this house?

Matilda stared at her. “What shall I do?” she asked. Miss Alford had always had a maxim to fit any situation.

The governess put her hands against her head. “I do not know, my dearest child! If I could take you with me—! But I cannot! Your parents would only drag you back. Neither of us could stand against them.” She put her arms around the girl. “I have failed you. All I can do is warn you. ‘Forewarned is forearmed’ . . .” she faltered.

Matilda raised her head from the governess’s shoulder. Wiping her eyes, she said firmly, “I shall think of something.” With a watery smile and a final hard hug, she slipped quietly from Miss Alford’s room.





Chapter One



It was a very nasty night in London. Cold rain, whipped by a bitter wind, lashed down upon the dirty cobblestones. At the Cock and Pheasant Posting House (Proprietor, Matt Dodd), even the usual pandemonium of shouting grooms, grinding coach wheels, neighing horses, and infuriated passengers was muted into a dull rumble of discomfort.

Standing just under the meager shelter of the side entrance, two young women huddled wretchedly.

“It ain’t yer fault we ain’t got enough cash to buy us tickets out o’ Lunnon,” gasped the smaller of the two girls. “We’ll just have to get me a job, like I said, and when I’ve saved enough—”

“Polly, we shall both find work,” announced Lady Matilda Mountavon decisively. “It is absurd for us to be standing upon dignity when we are half-frozen and completely starved! Now come inside the inn with me, and we’ll have a meal to put heart in us. And then we’ll hazard our luck with the innkeeper. Surely so busy a hostelry must need two more excellent serving maids!”

Smiling, she ignored the other girl’s muffled and not very convincing protests and led the way through the side door into the warm, well-lighted common room. Polly followed meekly. After a trying wait, they were at length able to secure seats at a large table crowded with grim-faced travelers. A harassed serving wench finally began to slop platefuls of food haphazardly in front of the muttering patrons, ignoring their complaints. Matilda, too hungry to talk, tasted the nondescript offering. Then she glanced around the greasy board for salt and pepper.

A woman seated across from her expressed Matilda’s own opinion. “No taste to this grub,” she sniffed.

Her sullen spouse snapped, “Well it’s ’ot,” as though that were mercy enough in itself.

“We ‘eard that their cook went an’ lef’ them without a word of warnin’ today,” gossiped a man next to Matilda. “It’s a wonder they got even this much on the table.” He chewed morosely. “Whatever it is.”

Matilda’s pale face began to brighten. Her eyes, a strange dark amber in color, seemed to give off golden light. Polly, glancing at her mistress, read the signs with a sense of alarm. Whenever Miss Matilda got one of her ideas, she looked just like a kitten about to pounce. She’d looked that way last night, when, comforting Polly after her brusque dismissal from Milord’s service, Matilda had shared her plan to run way from a proposed marriage that revolted her every feeling.

“We’ll slip away together before anyone’s awake tomorrow,” she proposed. “I know why Mama dismissed you, Polly. It wasn’t because of anything you’d done or failed to do. It’s because Papa has been gaming again and lost our whole fortune to the Earl of Tark.”

Polly had gasped with dismay at this monumental disaster. It was notorious that one nobleman had lost a whole town and outlying farms; his family’s total holding, in a desperate day and night at the gaming tables. His final act, which had been to put a period to his own life, did not seem to the little maid-servant a very sensible solution to his problem. She wondered if the cold and cynical Lord Mountavon would proceed to such lengths and decided that he would not, as long as he had a young daughter of biddable disposition and impeccable lineage to use as barter. The servants’ quarters had buzzed with tales of the licentious peer who was the winner of Lord Mountavon’s fortune. The Earl of Tark’s reputation was so deeply stained that he was avoided even by matrons with several daughters to launch. Surely, protested the servants, Lady Mountavon would not sell her only child to that vicious creature?

It seemed that Matilda’s parents had exactly that stratagem in mind. When the news flew like wildfire through the mansion on Portman Square, Polly made no further objection to the plan of escape. But when they reached the posting inn, on foot and by devious back streets in the dawn, the fugitives discovered that Matilda’s meager allowance, so carefully hoarded, was not enough to get them to another city where they might seek employment safely.

A whole day of searching for work brought only failure, since Matilda’s skills—pianoforte, painting, and embroidery—while eminently suitable for a young woman of breeding, were not salable at hostels or coaching houses. Polly refused to leave her mistress, so neither one had been able to secure employment.

Now it was apparent to Polly that her mistress had had an idea that pleased her. Matilda stood up and moved purposefully off through the crowd of impatient travelers standing behind the chairs of more fortunate diners. Hastily wiping her crust of bread to catch the last few drops of gravy, Polly jumped up to follow her young mistress. It seemed that Lady Matilda had the inn kitchen as her destination. It was not hard to find it. She had only to follow the path of the hard-pressed serving maids.

The big room was in an uproar. In front of the two great stoves stood a large, stout woman wearing a mobcap slightly askew upon her graying hair. From the loud stream of commands, criticism, and appeals to heaven for help that she was issuing, the formidable dame was easily to be recognized as the wife of the owner of the inn.

“ ’Tis plain why the Frenchies are forever raisin’ riot and revolution!” she was saying. “There’s that Onree of ours, that my ’usband paid a king’s ransom every month, walkin’ out on us with nothin’ in the oven for dinner! Unreliable—that’s the Frenchies! If ever I take on another of ’em, may the good Lord forgive me, for I won’t forgive myself!” She glared around at her nervous staff. “An’ per’aps someone will tell me where’s the cook that promised to take Onree’s place?”

With Polly hovering apprehensively at her shoulder, Matilda had been taking in the scene of confusion. She had never been in a public kitchen, but his one seemed reasonably well-supplied with the necessary utensils. Perhaps they were not as clean as the ones Pierre had used in the Mountavon kitchen, but Matilda found herself very much at home with the whole situation. Obviously the treacherous Henri had had a good knowledge of his craft, for Matilda recognized jars and little tubs of exotic spices and herbs, now pushed out of the way by the amateur cooks.

Matilda seized the moment.

“I—” she began, then had to clear her throat. “I am the replacement for Chef Henri, ma’am.”

Her clear, young voice had managed to penetrate the din in the big room. Mrs. Dodd’s eyes swiveled to her and took in, with one shrewd glance, the slight figure, plain dark cape, and pale yet determined face of the tall, slender woman who had just made the announcement. Mrs. Dodd frowned suspiciously and went at once on the attack.

“And where have you been, then, miss, while we’ve been tryin’ to feed ’alf o’ Lunnon? You’re too late to do us any good . . .”

All present knew this was merely a preliminary skirmish. Matilda smiled without replying as she stepped forward and began lifting lids from the massive pots bubbling on the stoves.

“Garlic!” she demanded, waving a hand at one of the older kitchen wenches. “And that jar of laurel leaves. This chicken could be anything—or nothing!”

As the woman hastened to place the required items in Matilda’s hands, Mrs. Dodd closed in on the interloper.

“And how would your ladyship know what it tastes like,” she said with heavy mockery, “not having put so much as a morsel into your mouth?” She snorted rudely. “Onree was forever sippin’ an’ nibblin’.”

“I have just finished eating the dinner you are serving in the common room,” explained Matilda, still stirring as she nodded the seasonings she had requested. Then, maddeningly deliberate, she raised a ladleful of liquid to her lips, tasted, closed her eyes, nodded once, and stirred again.

Polly fought to contain her nervous giggles. Her mistress had just given an accurate imitation of Chef Pierre at his most Gallic. The performance was apparently impressive enough to soothe some of the anger and suspicion from Mrs. Dodd’s face. She came closer.

“Aren’t you goin’ to take off your cloak?” she demanded.

Idly, as though the question had no great relevance to an artist at work, Matilda nodded again and lifted a spoonful of the liquid for Mrs. Dodd’s approval. Gingerly, with due respect for the temperature of the broth, the host’s wife tasted. Then a grudging yet relieved smile twitched at her lips.

“It’ll ’ave to do, I suppose,” she said, savoring the rest of the large spoonful. “Take yer cape off. An’ ’oo is this?” indicating a grinning Polly.

“She is my helper. We both work for the one price,” Matilda hastened to add, as Mrs. Dodd began to frown horrendously.

After a minute’s sharp scrutiny, the innkeeper’s wife nodded. She was not about to refuse the services of another kitchen helper, if they came free. “Better tell me your names, then. When dinner’s over, I’ll have Peg show you your room.” She accepted their capes and handed them to the older serving woman.

“My helper is Polly,” said Matilda quietly. “And I am called Merielle.”

Now you’ve gone an’ done it, miss! thought Polly in despair. Didn’ you hear what she just said about Frenchies?

It appeared, however, that the French, while heartily disliked for many reasons—political, patriotic, and personal—were still regarded with a kind of awe for their culinary skills. With only a sniff to mark her opinion of all foreigners, Mrs. Dodd said firmly, “I shall call you Mary” and swept out of the kitchen.

The next few hours were too frantically crowded to permit of anything but complete attention to the cooking and serving of food. The maids, eager for their own sakes to placate their mistress, did all they could to help the new cook. Gradually, a savory order emerged from the chaos. It was hard, challenging work for Matilda, but the skills required were not unknown to the girl. She had spent many clandestine hours in the homely comfort of the kitchen at Portman Square. It was the warmest room in that chill mansion, and the friendliest. During the innumerable hours when her governess, Miss Alford, had been required to attend Lady Mountavon as secretary or courier, the child had drifted into the cozy bustle downstairs, standing shyly near the door until invited by Chef Pierre, “Entrez, petite mademoiselle!” The chef had taken pity on the plain, forlorn little female and had gradually allowed her to observe his work and, eventually, to share his more arcane culinary secrets. Matilda had proved an apt and delighted pupil.

Miss Alford, inevitably learning of her pupil’s extracurricular activities, had had only praise, and gratitude that the young girl was able to enjoy a little human warmth in her parents’ gloomy, loveless mansion.

“A knowledge of haute cuisine will stand you in good stead when you have an establishment of your own, my dear,” she had informed Matilda. “Just imagine how it will help you when some arrogant chef presents his proposed menus, all written in the French language and full of culinary terms!” And had improved the moment by insisting upon a renewed study of the language mentioned.

Matilda wisely decided, on this her first day at the Cock and Pheasant, not to attempt anything exotic. Quickly she identified the contents of the various stew pots. Beef in the largest. Potatoes and cabbage boiling together in one kettle, submerged to drowning in hot water. Turnips in another . Matilda ground fresh black pepper and garlic generously into the beef. She ladled the extra water from the now-soggy potatoes into a large soup kettle and placed the cabbage in a flat pan. Then she threw in great dollops of butter and a scoop of sugar with more pepper into the potatoes. She set Polly to mashing this mixture—one of her own favorites, although scorned by Pierre—while she herself put ham fat on a griddle to render and brown. Soon she was able to set out plates of well-seasoned beef slices, cabbage with a drench of savory ham fat, turnips lightly dusted with cinnamon, and the mouth-watering mashed potatoes. The maids, invited to taste, rolled ecstatic eyes and licked hungry lips.

Very shortly the serving maids were returning with empty plates and requests for second helpings from the diners in the Commons. This necessitated a fresh burst of activity as vegetables were peeled and put into the already-boiling vegetable water Matilda had poured off to save for soup. While they worked, she instructed Polly and the kitchen wenches as Chef Pierre had instructed her.

“Never use too much water in preparing vegetables,” she told them. “The taste goes into the water, and then you have to throw it out. Of course you could make soup or gravies or a stew with it if you wished. I’ll show you that later. But now we must get more food ready for Mrs. Dodd’s guests.” She peered into the nearest kettle. “Have we enough meat, do you think? I am not yet familiar with the requirements of your customers.”

“There won’t ever be enough if you plan to heap up the plates like you been doin’,” came the sharp voice of the host’s wife. “They think it’s Christmas out there, what with second helpin’s an’ all! You must serve smaller portions, Mary,” scolded her employer, but the other servants could tell that she was pleased at the new cook’s success.





Mrs. Dodd’s wary euphoria continued for several days. Matilda concealed her self-doubts and tremors successfully, and, aided by the admiring Polly, managed to revise the menus of the Cock and Pheasant so tastily that the word spread even among the residents of the area, who came to join the travelers at the board. Business in the Commons doubled. Of necessity, the amounts of money Mrs. Dodd was required to lay out upon provisions also increased, but her strictures and grumblings were remarkably mild as she totaled the profits at the end of each day. She was not one to fly in the face of manifest Providence and had soon decided not to challenge her very unusual new cook.

“She ain’t no beauty,” Mrs. Dodd told her spouse, “but she’s got pretty eyes, kind of like a cat’s. And she can cook.”

Host Dodd privately considered that the new cook’s best feature was her mouth. The beautifully cut lips, a soft rosy pink, reminded him of strawberries. Knowing his wife, he was wise enough to keep such romantic thoughts to himself and contented himself with admitting that the girl could cook.

“Sort of a foreign moniker she’s got, ain’t it? Maryell or whatever it is. Did she tell you what ’er last name is?”

“No, an’ I didn’ ask,” snapped his wife. “If she’s some sort of foreigner—though that’s hard to believe, considerin’ the way she talks—you an’ me don’t want to get mixed up in her troubles.”

“She don’t talk like no foreigner I ever heard,” objected Dodd. “More like a poor relation or a ’anger-on of one of the nobs. Maybe you’d best sniff ’round a bit. We don’t want to get mixed up in nothin’ havey-cavey.”

“One o’ the nobs in my kitchen?” sneered Mrs. Dodd. “That I cannot believe!”

However, watching Matilda carefully the following day, Mrs. Dodd had to admit the girl presented a problem. She was no kitchen wench. Her accent was better than any usually heard in the Commons, and the chit Polly treated her more like a mistress than a fellow servant. Mrs. Dodd decided to get to the bottom of the mystery. She chose her moment shrewdly.

“It’s time you told me who you are an’ where you come from,” she opened abruptly late that evening, catching the weary girl on her way up to her room in the attic.

Matilda’s shocked expression at once confirmed Mrs. Dodd’s suspicions.

“Have I not satisfied your requirements as a cook?” faltered the girl, looking mighty guilty.

This weak challenge still gave the host’s wife pause. Granted, such an answer was enough to make a looby think; it also reminded Mrs. Dodd that she had stumbled upon a rare article in Mary Whatever-her-name was. In fact, a jewel, since Mary and Polly together worked for less than Mr. Dodd had had to pay the treacherous Onree. Did she really want to discover that her fine new cook should be somewhere else than in the kitchen of the Cock and Pheasant? If trouble did come, the Dodds could always say they’d been gulled by a smooth-tongued adventuress. Her curiosity fully aroused, Mrs. Dodd pressed for an answer.

Matilda recalled the teachings of Miss Alford. Honesty is the best policy. Would it work in this situation? She was too tired to invent a convincing lie. Matilda shrugged fatalistically. “I am a runaway noblewoman. My father was forcing me to marry a very wicked earl— ”

Any further disclosures were halted by the broad grin that spread across Mrs. Dodd’s face. She shook her head in reluctant admiration. “If ever you lose your job with me, Mary, you could get another right away makin’ up plays for one o’ them theaters in Drury Lane. ‘Runaway noblewoman,’ you says! That’s a ripe un! I’ll warn Dodd not to let any wicked earls into the Commons, lest they steal you away from us.”

She stumped away down the corridor, chuckling afresh at the fertile imagination of her wily cook.

Matilda was left to admire, yet again, Miss Alford’s wisdom, and the advisability of always telling the truth.





Chapter Two



Although Polly still glanced anxiously around the Commons a dozen times a day, fearful that the Mountavons would suddenly burst through the door seeking their runaway child, Lady Matilda herself seemed to be quite calm and happy with their new estate.

“I should like to let dear Alford know we are safe and well,” she said one morning while she and Polly were working with the kitchen maids in a thorough washing of the tables.

“Do ye know where she went to, milady?” asked Polly, and then caught herself at Matilda’s warning glance. “I mean miss.”

“Oh, yes, she told me where to find her if ever I should have need of her,” answered Matilda somberly. “I think it worried her very much to have to abandon me to my fate.”

“She’d have been glad you got away from that Tark,” averred Polly stoutly. “I’m sure she knew we’d be all right.”

Matilda smiled but decided to send a message to the address in Brighton that Miss Alford had given her. The governess had always been closer to her than either of her parents, and would be pleased to hear that her pupil had managed to find honest employment. She could claim that she had the full cooperation of the Dodd servants and the respect, at least, of her employers.

After nearly two weeks without a sign from her parents, Matilda was ready to believe that she had truly escaped the ugly destiny they had planned for her. She tried to feel regret at the thought of her father’s destitute condition, but there had never been any sort of tenderness or even rapport between them. He had obviously been willing to use her cold-bloodedly in any way that would solve his difficulties, no matter how repulsive or degrading such use would be for her.

Squaring her shoulders, Matilda scanned the shining tables with satisfaction. “Very well done!” she praised the maids, and led them back to the kitchen for a restorative snack before the heavy work of the day began.

That evening an even larger crowd than usual thronged the Commons, clamoring to be fed. When the coach from Portsmouth pulled up in front of the inn, Mrs. Dodd came running in to rally her troops. Every maidservant in the house must join in serving the meal.

“That means you, Polly.” She glared. “I’ve seen the way you ’ang about in ’ere as if you was afraid of the customers!”

With an anxious look at Matilda’s reassuring expression, Polly ran off to the Commons with the other girls.

She was back in two minutes, her face white.

“Milady!” she whispered. “It’s yer papa’s groom! He’s standin’ in the doorway, peerin’ about as if he was looking for someone!”

“Then, you must stay safely in here with me, to help me serve the plates and prepare more vegetables,” said her mistress firmly. “Joby,” she smiled sweetly at the kitchen boy, “Miss Polly will take care of your jobs now. Do go into the Commons and bring back the dirty plates and cups.”

This exchange of duties pleasing both the persons concerned, Matilda was able to draw a deep breath and consider the full import of Polly’s news. If indeed Lord Mountavon had become so desperate as to send his grooms into every posting house around London, then perhaps she and Polly were not as safe as she had imagined. Could the girl have been mistaken? Hardly, for Jake was a huge bully of a fellow, with a sullen, lowering countenance. A memorable face.

Must they leave London, then? Matilda frowned. While she could not go so far as to say she loved the hard, menial work, still she had enjoyed the sense of self-reliance, the freedom it gave her to know she was able to provide for her own needs and keep a roof over her head by her own efforts. She had even saved every penny of the wages Mrs. Dodd gave her. There might be enough for a trip to some other city, where Mountavon’s servants could never find her. Brighton, to Miss Alford? But no! That was probably the first place they would search. Whether they had already done so or not, Matilda could not risk putting her dear governess in jeopardy. She frowned and might have fallen into a minor fit of the dismals if Mrs. Dodd had not chosen that moment to bustle into the kitchen, loudly complaining that Mary’s new menu, giving the customers a choice, was far less efficient than her own former way of serving a set meal.

“But think how the profits have grown, ma’am!” reminded Matilda, finding it impossible to be disturbed by such a trifling matter when her father’s groom might be prowling through the inn at this very moment. She shot a wary glance at the open doorway.

Of course, Mrs. Dodd caught it. She surveyed the kitchen suspiciously. “Why is Polly here with you, instead of serving, as I ordered?”

“Because we are used to each other’s ways, and can save time at dishing out,” said Chef Merielle with Gallic hauteur.

Mrs. Dodd was not bamboozled. Her suspicions sharpening into certainties, she said slowly, “Ye’ve both run away from somethin’, haven’t ye? And yer extra worried right now. Is there a constable in the Commons? Is that why yer hidin’ in here?”

Her expression told Matilda clearly that Mrs. Dodd thought she had them in her power now. Escaping from authorities! Would the host’s wife turn them over summarily, or help them avoid the law? The narrow smile on Mrs. Dodd’s fat face gave her the answer. Their employer would hide them, but at a price.

“I’ll be talkin’ to ye both later,” she promised, and flounced out of the kitchen.

In the push of maids moving past the stoves to collect the well-laden plates, Matilda had no time to make any important decisions, but she promised herself she would find a way to leave the posting house the following day. She and Polly had nothing but her hoarded allowance and the two weeks wages they had already received. Still, it would make enough to pay coaching fares to some other town, where, with their newfound confidence, they might easily obtain employment at an inn.

An hour later, Polly made a furtive reconnaissance and could find no trace of the burly Jake. She did, however, see something else that stirred her romantic young heart to its core. She came to Matilda with a used plate.

“Can you put some choice, tender bits on this one, miss?” she whispered. “The cuts you call fork-tender?”

Matilda smiled at the urgent expression on Polly’s vulnerable little face. “Have you seen a handsome youth you’d like to cosset?” she teased.

Polly’s eyes opened wider. “Oh, no, miss! It’s a soldier in a fine uniform—with one sleeve pinned up. Such a sad look in his eyes, he has, but he’s a fine figure of a man for all that.”

Much interested, Matilda prepared a well-done, toothsome plate of her best offerings and handed it to the girl. After Polly had thankfully departed, Matilda indulged her curiosity. She had never seen quite that look upon her little maid’s face before. Who or what could have caused it? Without thinking too much about her motives, she slipped through the kitchen door into the Commons.

The large room was badly overcrowded, well-lighted, and full of a din, most of it cheerful. It wasn’t hard to spot Polly’s absurd mobcap, since as usual she had managed to get it askew on her curls. The big man she was bending over stood out, too, even in that crowd. In the orange glow of the candles, his weather-beaten countenance looked like one of the paintings Miss Alford had taken her to see at a museum. Dark; dark and strong; the face of a man who had met the worst life could fling at him, and conquered it. Matilda drew a wavering breath.

Black hair, cut short on a classic head. A strong nose, an even stronger mouth, just now relaxed into a grin of pleasure, but heavily marked with grooves that shouted self-control. Broad shoulders in the neat military coat—and, yes, one sleeve pinned up. So that is why Polly needed tender meat, she thought, with deep pity. It must be hard to cut with only one hand!

And then, almost as though aware of her scrutiny, the proud head lifted, and across that smoky, noisy room his hawk-gaze met hers. His eyes were almost colorless! Were they gray? Silver? The palest blue? Matilda’s breath caught in an unconscious shock. Framed in black brows and heavy black lashes, the soldier’s eyes were the most challenging—the most frightening—she had ever encountered. She started to slip back into the kitchen, away from that powerful confrontation.

At this moment, Polly’s head rose and turned toward her. The soldier had evidently asked a question as to her identity. Polly smiled over toward her mistress and said a few quiet words. Then she came over toward Matilda, who promptly vanished into the kitchen. There Polly ran her to earth.

“Oh, milady, it’s like the answer to prayer!” she began, keeping her voice low with an obvious effort. “The soldier is in need of a cook—of a whole staff of servants!—an’ he’s going to leave for Scotland as soon as he can hire them!”

Matilda tried to take it in. A thousand objections, fears, doubts, thronged into her mind, chief of which was that the big man was playing a game on Polly, such teasing as it seemed men enjoyed when they talked with serving women. She tried to bring Polly to a less excited state.

“Who is this soldier? Why did he tell you he needed servants? Was he trying to hire you?”

Polly drew a deep, sobering breath. “It’s all so wonderful, milady, just like one o’ them stories Miss Alford used to tell us about heroes comin’ to the rescue in the nick o’ time—!”

“Polly!” urged her mistress firmly.

Polly began again. “He told me how much he an’ his friend enjoyed their dinner. Quite the nob he is, milady! Talks just like your papa and his friends. Only more polite,” she amended. “Well, I tells him my friend—” she ventured a wary glance at Matilda, which was greeted with a smile, “—Merielle had made it, and how you was the best cook in Lunnon. Then he says, ‘Is she happy in this place?’ an’ gave it a pretty shrewd look. I says you was anxious to get away from Lunnon, and that’s when he tells me he needs a cook and other servants. I thought of Fredricks right off,” Polly ended wistfully.

Whatever Matilda might have been going to say remained unsaid as she considered this striking idea. Fredricks, who had been butler to the Mountavons since before her own birth, had been dismissed last year as summarily as Miss Alford two weeks ago. Lady Amelia had complained that he was too old and doddering to handle his duties, and had replaced him without ceremony. Miss Alford had kept in touch with the old man, and said he was living rather unhappily in a small village outside London. Would it be possible that she could persuade this soldier to employ the older man? Fredricks was devoted, and knowledgeable, and loyal.

“What else did the soldier say?” she asked Polly.

“Why not let me tell you myself?” came a deep, husky voice at her shoulder.

Matilda whirled. It was the big man from the Commons, and behind him stood a gaunt figure in the dress of a sergeant.

“May I introduce myself?” the deep voice went on, but Matilda hardly heard it, so striking was the close-up impact of the huge officer before her. His face had been darkened by exposure to all sorts of weather, and lined with pain. Still, it was a good face, strong and handsome in a style wholly male. Even in the strange light eyes, there was no hint of weakness, no vulnerability revealed. It flashed across Matilda’s mind to wonder if indeed this big man ever let himself go unshielded—which was a stupid idea, she challenged herself, in view of the wary presence of his sergeant at his shoulder. Yet the thought persisted, even in clear view of those pale, dark-fringed eyes.

The other three—Polly, the sergeant, and the big officer—all had their eyes on her face and were obviously waiting.

“Well?” demanded the officer.

To her horror, Matilda felt a deep blush burning her cheeks. “I’m sorry,” she stammered. “I didn’t hear what you said.”

It was feeble. It was absurd. The big man’s heavy eye-brows rose quizzically, and the faintest hint of a smile tugged at his lips. “Now, I wonder why that was?” he mused in a gentler voice. “You seemed to be paying attention—to something?”

Matilda straightened her shoulders. “I was wondering if you ever left yourself undefended?” she heard herself say, honestly.

The officer laughed ruefully. “It’s not a habit calculated to prolong life, where I’ve been,” he admitted. “Now, if I have your attention, ma’am?” and he waited, the smile at his lips definitely mocking.

“You have,” promised Matilda, setting her teeth against his derision.

“I am Major Robert Bruce of the Royal Highlanders, and this is my friend, Sergeant Ronal McLeod. We are hoping to hire a full complement of staff for my home in Scotland, and Miss Polly seemed to feel that you might be able to help us.” He paused, but when she did not immediately reply, he continued quietly, “The matter is really urgent, ma’am. I must take possession of my—new home as quickly as possible.”

“In Scotland, I understand?” ventured Matilda. “Would you not be wiser to hire staff from among the locals, thus causing less resentment against a newcomer?”

“Well thought of,” remarked the big major with what Matilda decided was odious condescension. “Except for the fact that my—ah—predecessor managed to alienate the surrounding population so completely that I’m told by the lawyers I will be fortunate if I can buy provisions within two hundred miles of the castle.”

This was exciting stuff indeed! A lonely Scottish castle, ringed round with sullen or angry natives, with the small garrison under constant, if covert, siege! Matilda’s eyes began to sparkle like a hunting kitten’s. The big soldier looked at her carefully, then a slow grin, quite unlike his former rather weary cynicism, softened his expression.

“That interests you, does it?” he murmured. “Ready for a challenge, are you, ma’am?”

Ready or not, Matilda got one at that moment. Mrs. Dodd swept into the kitchen at her most formidable.

“And what is goin’ on here, if I may ask?” she hooted. “There’s a dozen guests clamorin’ for their dinner in the Commons, Mary, and you lollopin’ about here with these soldiers! I’ll have to have better’n that from you, if I’m to keep you on in my kitchen!” It was an open threat, Matilda realized. Mrs. Dodd was ready to capitalize on the weakness she had noticed in her new cook.

It had suddenly become an intolerable situation. For whatever reason—the sudden appearance of Jake, the suspicion aroused in her employer, the resultant efforts of the latter to manipulate and control her—suddenly Matilda’s position had become impossible to endure. It was past time to make the needed break to any place away from London. With the planned wedding scarcely a week off, efforts to find the runaway would be doubled, and would probably succeed. So the officer’s proposal suddenly seemed a lifesaver.

“I’ll go with you,” she said quietly, giving the big man a searching scrutiny. “Polly, too.”

“Of course,” agreed her new employer. He regarded her soberly and then smiled at the quivering Polly. “Go to your rooms and pack,” he said.

“They’ll do no such thing!” interjected Mrs. Dodd furiously. “What’s goin’ on? Are you stealin’ my servants, then?”

“Have you a contract, indentures?” asked the major quietly.

“No, but I know things about these two that they wouldn’t want noised around Lunnon! Ain’t that so, Merielle?” she jeered.

“We have nothing to get but our small handbags,” began Matilda, ignoring the threat.

“I’ll get ’em, an’ our capes!” offered Polly eagerly.

“I’ll go with you, to make sure you don’t steal anything!” snapped Mrs. Dodd. She was obviously upset by the development but could not think of a way to stop its progress. The major gave a nod to his sergeant, who followed the departing females unobtrusively.

When they were gone, Matilda began to have second thoughts. “I can’t just leave her in the middle of dinner!” she began.

“The crowds have thinned considerably,” the major told her. “It won’t hurt her to serve her guests for once.” He glanced around the kitchen. “Did you really prepare the food that was served tonight?”

“Yes. But I am not really a cook,” began the girl.

“You’ll do for me,” smiled the major. “But then, after army grub and bub, almost anything would taste good.”

Raising shocked and angry eyes to his face, Matilda was confronted with the most delightful, teasing grin she had ever beheld. A strange warmth began to burn in her breast, and she could hardly meet that pale, inquiring gaze. Finally she began to chuckle.

“As an inducement to become your cook and hire your servants for you, that last remark was hardly successful,” she said in minatory tones.

Her opponent was not deceived. “You are just as anxious to leave this—establishment as I am to have you,” he told her, with a firmness she began to find disturbing. Was the creature going to take over her life as well as her services in the kitchen?

He was continuing. “I don’t know what hold that harpy has over you, but evidently it is not a powerful one, or she would be acting with female arrogance—”

“We must have one thing very clear,” Matilda found herself saying. “There will be no displays of arrogance, either female or male, while we work for you, Major Bruce.” As she scanned his face to observe the effect of this pronouncement, Matilda was surprised to see a sudden new intentness in his expression.

“Say it again!” her new employer commanded. “My name. Please.”

“Major Bruce,” the girl complied. “Have I got it wrong?” she faltered.

The irritating creature grinned. “No, that’s correct. I shall expect to hear it often upon your lips.”

Shaking her head in rising wonder that she might have hired herself to a loony, Matilda asked, “Where do we go now?”

The rather bemused expression was wiped from his features at once, to be replaced by a smile. “You are really willing to trust yourself and your friend to my care? It gives me a very good feeling to receive such unquestioning acceptance! As the new laird of a rather hostile clan, I’m going to need all the acceptance I can find.”

Matilda was privately of the opinion that this big man with the strong face and the remarkable eyes would never lack for adherents—especially female ones. But such thoughts ill beseemed her, she decided, as his future cook. That thought brought others in its wake. Matilda resolved to act with stern decisiveness.

“How large a staff will you need, Major Bruce?” she began. “I have some excellent candidates in mind.”

His gaze rested on her small flushed face in amusement. “Ever practical!” he said softly. “Obedient, too.”

Matilda wondered what he was talking about now, but since Polly arrived at that moment, bearing their small bags and escorted by the silent sergeant, she did not ask for enlightenment. Instead she watched with pleased surprise the major’s superb mastery of the logistics of a sticky situation. Within a few moments, he had silenced, if not pacified, the irate Mrs. Dodd, paid her husband generously for the meal he and his sergeant had eaten, added a startlingly generous tip, which Mrs. Dodd absentmindedly pocketed, and arranged for a hackney to take his party to the nearest hostel.

When the coach was on its way, Matilda caught her first deep breath in the last quarter of an hour. “Was it wise of you to let the Dodds know where we are to be found?” she ventured softly.

Major Bruce chuckled reprehensibly, and even the taciturn Sergeant McLeod barked a laugh.”

“It would have been very poor tactics indeed, in view of her threats, had I intended to stay in that particular inn,” he admitted brazenly. “However, when we are sufficiently removed from her scrutiny, I intend hailing our jarvey and giving him different orders.”

Relieved, but marveling at the devious nature of her new employer, Matilda lapsed into exhausted silence, clasping Polly’s hand firmly as the coach rolled through the dark streets of London.

“There is still one mystery that we must clear,” her new employer broke the silence suddenly. “Your name. Polly called you Miss Matilda; the host’s wife called you Mary, and then Merielle. Would you like to tell me which it is? If any of them?”

An alarming suspicion had entered the major’s mind. If her name really was Merielle, and with that well-bred voice and her little unconscious air of dignity, she might well be one of the unfortunate aristos escaped from turbulent France. He turned broad shoulders for a better look at her in the gloom of the carriage.

Although his voice had not been hostile, nor particularly mocking, Matilda felt indignation. “If any of them,” forsooth! What did he think she was? “I am Matilda—” she began haughtily, and then recollected herself just as Polly’s hand squeezed warningly over hers. “—uh—Policy,” she gulped.

The big soldier gave a sardonic laugh.

“As in: Silence is the best policy?” he taunted. “If I am to take you into my household in dangerous terrain, I must at least know your right name, and be aware of any potential danger you may represent to me.”

Matilda considered this. He was correct, of course. Even she could see the folly of entering a strange and hostile arena without confidence in the supporters at one’s back. Had she not had the faithful and loving Polly during these last difficult days . . . !

“My name is Matilda. I used the name Merielle when I applied for the position in the Dodds’ kitchen because they had just lost a much-valued French chef, and I had been instructed in cuisine by one of the same.” She was aware of light eyes gleaming at her, but there was no feeling of menace. Instead she felt a sort of acceptance of herself that she had seldom encountered. She explained slowly. “I have always disliked my name, possibly because Miss Alford told me it meant ‘mighty battle-maid.’ So inappropriate! I have never been—aggressive. I have always wished to bear a musical, feminine name like—like Merielle . . .” Her voice lingered on the syllables sweetly. “For special occasions only, of course,” she hastened to add, fearing that the soldier would think her a romantic idiot.

“For special occasions, then,” agreed the man. What was he getting himself into? Lumbering himself with a plain, small female of mysterious background, who was not even willing to admit to her own name? But something about her appealed to his quirkish sense of humor. He began to grin. “At all other times, Matilda. I believe I can use a mighty battle-maid in the conflict I am facing.”

There was something in that deep male voice that sent a frisson along Matilda’s skin. Miss Alford’s maxims rushed through her memory, clamoring. Look before you leap! A pinch of caution is worth a pound of regret . . . !

The dark velvet voice interrupted her panicky musings.

“Ma-til-da?” it wheedled softly. “Is my mighty battle-maid having second thoughts?”

She could tell he was laughing at her, daring her to show courage. Very well! She squared her small shoulders.

“Matilda Mountavon at your service, Major Bruce.”

The soldier’s only answer was a chuckle.





Chapter Three



The following morning, after a superb breakfast in the large, well-patronized inn the major had finally selected, Matilda and Polly congratulated themselves upon their great fortune. It was not enough that they had shared a room of the first consequence, even elegance, with the added benison of enough cans of hot water to supply two hip-baths, and sheets as clean as any they had ever slept on. It was not enough that they had eaten breakfast in a private parlor, with the courteous company of two well-set-up soldiers to make it pleasant. No, in addition to these boons, they had been informed, over breakfast, of the whole problem that faced their new employer—and Matilda had discovered that she could indeed prove her worth by making practical and helpful suggestions. It was with a real sense of pleasure that Matilda was able to give Major Bruce the name and address of Fredricks, whom she assured him was not only knowledgeable as a butler, but up to any rig or row a disgruntled community might seek to employ against her new master. Then she asked if Major Bruce needed a housekeeper?

It struck the girl that Major Bruce might not be paying her his full attention, since his eyes appeared to be centered upon her mouth rather than on her own eyes, as one might expect in a business discussion.

“Major Bruce?” she reminded him.

The big soldier pulled himself back to the conversation with some reluctance. “Oh, yes!” he said, apropos of nothing she was aware of.

“I have the very lady to serve as housekeeper for you, if you need one,” Matilda repeated. “Her name is Alford.”

“She has been housekeeper where you worked?”

Mention of her governess reminded Matilda of the many maxims that the latter had loved to impart. Honesty is the best policy, she reminded herself, and a naughty smile curled her lips as she remembered how well that particular maxim had worked to protect her at the Dodds’ inn. Still, she knew somehow that with this big soldier she had better act with complete honesty. He is, she told herself, in a difficult enough situation with all the countryside against him, without having traitors within his household! With this commendable purpose, she informed him briefly as to her reasons for leaving Portman Square and seeking work as Chef Merielle at the Cock and Pheasant.

When she had finished, Matilda was rather surprised to observe the stunned looks upon the faces of both the soldiers. “Exactly how old are you?” demanded the major.

“I am twenty-five,” announced Matilda, crossing her fingers under the table.

Sergeant McLeod muttered something, and the major gave her a challenging glance.

“As we say in the army, Pull the other one,” the major snapped. “The truth, please. At once!”

What had made him so angry? wondered Matilda. “I am not sure it is any of your business, even if you are my employer,” she began a little hotly.

“I could be jailed for contributing to the delinquency of a minor,” Major Bruce told her coldly. “Your correct age, if you please.”

Quelled, Matilda told him. Major Bruce breathed a sigh of relief. “Although it is probably not the thing socially, you are at least old enough to be on your own,” he admitted grudgingly. “But I must reconsider my offer—in all fairness to yourself, child.”

“I am not a child,” snapped Matilda. “I have found a job, earned my living—”

“For all of two weeks,” interjected the major nastily.

“If you do not wish to hire me, I shall leave you at once and find a new position,” threatened Matilda firmly. “Here.”

Unexpectedly a new voice entered the argument. “What if Jake finds us here? He nearly caught us at Dodds’.”

“Who is Jake?” The major frowned.

“One of my father’s grooms.”

The major sighed. “I knew it was too good to last,” he announced cryptically. “I suppose I had better see you back to your parents this morning.”

He was not quite prepared for the ashen faces that confronted him. Surely it would not be so bad? The lovely girl would be punished, of course, but no parent could remain angry long at such a little charmer! He summoned up a smile. “They may screech a bit, but they’ll be so glad to get you safe home . . .” he offered.

“They will make her marry that monster, and he will hurt her and make her sick as he does all his women!” flared Polly. “The upper servants have been talking about him. I won’t let you force her back!”

“Just who is this monster you are so fearful of?” demanded the major.

“It is the Earl of Tark,” said Matilda in a dead-sounding voice. “I suppose you have not heard of him—”

But a remarkable change had come over the major’s face. “Tark? You tell me your parents are willing to give you to that man? I cannot believe—”

“My father lost everything to him over the gaming tables,” said Matilda, picking up a thread of hope at his revulsive attitude. “It seems the earl wants legitimate sons to inherit his titles, and my birth and breeding are good enough to satisfy him, since it appears he has little choice among the suitable females in the haut ton.”

Major Bruce was glaring at Sergeant McLeod, who shook his head reluctantly. “We can’t let little miss go back to that lecher, sir,” he muttered.

The big man groaned. “Then, we’d best get her out of England and safe in Scotland before—uh—Jake or one of the other grooms finds her,” he said reluctantly. He turned a not very approving eye upon the two females. “You’d better keep to your room until I can get the arrangements made for our departure. What was the butler’s address, again? And the housekeeper’s? Perhaps between them, they can hire a few other servants and meet us at the border. McLeod, I’ll send you to them with money for the trip north.”

This arrangement did not suit the sergeant, who was obviously unwilling to leave his master at this crucial time, but Major Bruce insisted and had him off within the hour, with elaborate directions as to the meeting place.

With a final reproachful glance at the women, the sergeant left. Bruce then turned his attention to Matilda and her maid. “I thought I told you to go to your room?” he said coldly.

“I had to know what your plans were,” protested Matilda. “How else could I protect you?”

This remark seemed to amuse the big soldier. “Is that what you’re doing?” he queried. “I somehow got the impression it was the other way around.”

This reply, for some reason, restored the warm glow that Matilda had noticed in the region of her chest.

“You have been more than kind,” she offered, a little shyly, remembering her manners. “Our lovely room, every attention to our comfort—! We are deeply grateful, Major Bruce!”

This remark seemed to restore the major’s good humor. “I hope it may prove so, at the right moment,” he said obscurely. “In the meantime, will you please retire to your room until I have made all the arrangements for our trip to Scotland? Unless, of course, you wish to come and choose my new carriages, horses, and the like?”

“Oh, are you planning on making such extensive purchases, Major Bruce? Are you sure you have enough money? Prices have risen alarmingly during the war, sir,” she suggested.

The major rose, grinning, and pulled her to her feet. “Go, Madame Chef!” he commanded. “Before I do what I’ve been aching to do since first I heard you pronounce my name!”

For some unknown reason, Matilda found this jocular threat enough to put her all about, and she almost scuttled as she left the private parlor, with Polly in close attendance, and sought the privacy and safety of the bedroom. Polly, for once, was no help, going on about the major’s good looks, and his charm, and such other irrelevancies, until Matilda could have screamed. Finally, the maid ceased her panegyrics and turned a quizzical eye upon her mistress.

“And don’t tell me you don’t think ’e’s a stunner, milady, because I won’t believe you.” She grinned as widely as the major.

Matilda did not have the heart to deny the girl’s absurd comment. Polly had been most loyal and helpful, and it would be poor repayment to tell her she was, in this instance, completely mistaken in her evaluation of her mistress’s feelings.





Chapter Four



As they entered Major Bruce’s new carriage the following morning, it was evident to both girls that money had been no object in the purchase. It was, in point of fact, the grandest, most impressive, most comfortable equipage either girl had ever ridden in, as its remarkably smooth progress over the cobblestones of the city streets proved.

And six horses! Mettlesome beasts they were, Polly cried admiringly, peering out one window at an impossible angle. Two outriders on horseback, she marveled, and at least one wagon filled with boxes and trunks, following smartly behind!

“It’s like a king’s progress!” breathed the little maid, pulling herself in and staring with wide-eyed admiration at the major.

“I’m glad you like it,” said the soldier, with a small smile. He turned toward Matilda, seated on his other side, and discovered that she, too, was leaning forward and trying to peer back along the street. He touched her shoulder. “Are you impressed, too?” he asked, and there was no disguising the amusement in his expression.

Matilda beamed back at him. “You must be richer than Croesus,” she sighed.

Major Bruce laughed aloud. “Hardly! Wasn’t he the one who turned everything he touched into gold?”

“No, I think that one was Midas.” Matilda frowned in an effort to recall Miss Alford’s teaching. “At any rate, I don’t think I wish to compare you to either of them, since as I remember now, they both had an unhappy time.” She sighed with pleasure, settling back into the padded squabs of the carriage with a luxurious wiggle that brought a grin to the man’s lips.

“You are saying you wish me to have smooth sailing?” he inquired.

The huge golden eyes, now shimmering with contentment, focused on his bold, dark soldier’s face. “Yes, I do. In fact, if it were not unforgivably rude, I would wish that you would tell me the whole story of your inheritance, and especially why you must rush north to Scotland with a full staff of servants. Do none of the old retainers remain loyal to the name? Why do they hate their new laird?”

“It is not so dire as that,” began the major, settling himself comfortably against the squabs as Matilda had done and patting the neatly folded sleeve of his jacket into place. “It seems, from what my men-at-law tell me, that my predecessor, who was a great uncle on my father’s side, was a crusty old miser, a true curmudgeon who pinched ever groat until it screamed and refused to spend a bawbee in repairing any of the tenants’ huts or farm buildings. He always managed to hold off paying for any service until the poor tradesman had almost forgotten the debt, but he insisted that payment for any bill he presented be made on demand. A most unpleasant landlord, in fact. It is no wonder to me that everyone in the vicinity hated him.”

Matilda nodded agreement. “He does seem a thoroughly unpleasant character,” she admitted. “But you are not he! Why should they all hate you?”

“I,” announced the major in a theatrical voice, “am even worse! A Sassenach, no less, and who is to say—”

But the girl, chuckling, had interrupted him. “What is this Sassenach? I hope it is not a bad word?”

“In many parts of Scotland, that is exactly what it is,” said Major Bruce sternly. “Sassenach,” he pronounced out clearly. “It just means Saxon, or Englishman, but that’s a bad word in a large part of Scotland.”

“You will very soon show the country people how different you are from their picture of you,” Matilda tried to comfort him. Sitting so close to him in this elegant carriage, she had been made aware as never before of the missing arm. He was so brave, this great handsome soldier; made so little ado over his stunning loss! She felt her heart becoming warm again as it had done several times before—with admiration, of course! Her sudden glow could have nothing to do with the interesting smell that clung to his person—made up, she decided, of clean linen and a warm body and perhaps some kind of spice from the soap he used. She had her mouth open to ask about his soap when she realized that such a question might reveal the direction of her thoughts, and she desisted quickly. Instead she asked a question about his great-uncle.

Major Bruce had been watching the fascinating rise and fall of color in the small face and been wondering just what had set her to blushing. However, he turned his attention to her question. “Great-uncle Willum quarreled with ever member of the family, singly and in groups,” he began, in the tone of one preparing to relate a lengthy tale. He was pleased to observe that his audience settled itself to listen with real interest. What a pair of babies they were! mused the major. Babes-in-the-woods, innocents! A good thing it was himself who had discovered them and taken them under his wing! When he thought of Tark—! That foul excuse for a gentleman, who had slimed his way across Europe, a disgrace to the name of Englishman! Well, Robert Bruce would see that the fellow didn’t get his filthy hands on Lady Matilda!

Recollecting his audience, Bruce told about the old laird, a miserly old fellow who had gradually alienated every member of his family, and even the most determined hangers-on, until at last he moldered away in his run-down, ancient stone keep in the north of Scotland, with even the dying remnants of his clan eager to avoid him.

Matilda sighed. “It is sad, really when one thinks of his solitary existence—”

Major Bruce denied such maudlin excesses. “That’s the way the old skelpin wanted it,” he said briskly. “But there’s no denying he’s made it mighty awkward for us.”

Matilda thrilled at the thought of being part of “us.” “You mean we shall find things in a mess?”

“A colossal mess,” agreed the major with gruesome relish. “Also we shall have to extricate ourselves from it, because it’s one thing sure, the people in the neighborhood won’t help us. “We’ll be lucky if they don’t march against the castle the moment we settle in.”

“Do they know we—you—are coming?” she whispered, a little alarmed at the picture he was drawing.

“Oh, yes, the lawyers have informed the local minister, and the merchant, and a few of the neighboring lairds. No one sent me any welcome notes. I did send on an order—a large one—for staple food supplies, and cut logs for the fireplaces, and oil for the lamps. And I enclosed a sum of money that was more than ample to cover the damage.” He pursed his lips. “That ought to give them something to stew over.”

“You’ve been busy,” said Matilda, not quite liking the cynical tone of his speech. “The large orders, and the excess of money. To say nothing of all the purchases you made yesterday.” A toss of her head indicated the filled baggage wagon following the carriage.

The major looked at her with interest. “Do I detect a note of waspishness?” he inquired.

Matilda rose to the taunt. “I would have liked to help. Buying all those things—ordering supplies. . . . What did you get?” Catching his quizzical glance, she said stubbornly, “I am your chef. I have a right to know, surely, as your servant.”

“Do you begin to see yourself as a member of my clan?” he teased her. “My liege woman?”

“I know my place, Major Bruce,” the girl began stiffly.

“I wonder if you really do,” murmured the man, so softly she did not hear him.

Robert Bruce felt it was time to change the subject, for both their sakes. “We are going to stop in Edinburgh to replenish our wardrobes with good Scottish clothing that will not bring us into ridicule with the clansmen. And, from what I am told, there are literally no amenities at the castle, so we shall have to lay in a good supply of everyday necessities. I shall rely heavily upon Fredricks and Miss Alford for guidance there.”

Matilda was happier at once. “You will not be disappointed in them, Major Bruce,” she said firmly. “They will fit you and your castle out as—as ‘fine as fivepence!’ ” Glorying in his laughter, the girl went on, “Please let me help when you order the food supplies in Edinburgh, sir? Polly can bear witness that I am an excellent cook, trained over the years by my parents’ French Chef, Pierre!”

Polly, delighted at being drawn into the conversation by her mistress, began to praise Lady Matilda’s cooking enthusiastically. Major Bruce held up one hand, his eyes sparkling with mirth.

“You have no need to convince me, Polly,” he told her. “Have I not eaten one of Milady’s delicious meals already, at the Cock and Pheasant? Although McLeod and I had to wait half an hour for seats at a table, so widely had the fame of Milady’s cooking spread!”

Matilda wasn’t sure whether he was teasing her or not, but she replied stoutly, “Pierre said I had the touch—whatever that is!—and told me I could have had a future in haute cuisine had I not been a noblewoman.”

At once she regretted her idle remark, for the major’s expression became sober, “Which brings me to a subject we must discuss at once,” he said quietly. “You are a noblewoman, and it can have no happy outcome for either of us to pretend you are a cook in my kitchen.” He silenced her cry of protest. “Polly, tell her that such a thing is not convenable, not proper, in society. You are her friend. You must convince her I am right.”

Polly regarded her mistress beseechingly. “I guess the major is right, milady. Miss Alford wouldn’t like it.”

Even the introduction of that name did not remove the stubborn frown from Matilda’s face. “If she is with us, what can be wrong? She is surely guarantee of convenable behavior! One could not ask for a more suitable chaperon!”

“But that is hardly the question, my dear child,” said Major Bruce heavily. For some reason unfathomable to himself, he found he would like nothing better than to carry this stubborn, high-couraged little battle-maid off to his ruined castle and keep her there forever, but she was scarcely more than a child, and a runaway from her parents. No man who counted himself a gentleman would take advantage of her lovely innocence. So he said sternly, “You shall be my honored guest until we find something for you to do that will protect your good name as well as filling your reticule. Being cook for a single man is not what your family could ever condone. Your father would call me out—and rightly so.”

This grim pronouncement stopped Matilda’s spate of protest before it had a chance to get started. Darkly she brooded, while Polly and the major waited for her response.

“When I consider,” she said at last, “what fate my parents had planned for me, I am not much moved at the thought of their grief at finding me in some man’s kitchen. And it is not certain they would ever discover me in darkest Scotland, is it? But I shall wait, and discuss the problem with Miss Alford. She, at least, has always had my best interests at heart. She loves me.”

This speech naturally cut off dialogue, since both Polly and the major were convicted of lack of love by it. While Polly was sure Lady Matilda really knew she loved her, and was only indulging a small tantrum, the major had not even that much comfort. Of course, he didn’t love the little limmer! She was plain and bossy and stubborn . . . and she had wide golden eyes that threatened to draw a man into their glowing depths and mesmerize him into forgetting the good hard common sense he’d bought so dearly—

The major caught at his rambling thoughts. He surely was not in love with the little female! As a soldier, an officer, of twenty-nine, he had had his normal share of experiences with the opposite sex. And behaved as a gentleman should. But this was, somehow, different. He scrutinized the determined little face as though seeing it for the first time.

Plain? his eyes asked his mind incredulously. That dear small oval, with the luscious soft pink lips, now delightfully pouted with stubborn resolve to get her own way. The neat straight nose, the rounded chin, above all, the glorious eyes, now half-lidded and fringed with delicate dark lashes. This girl was not plain! How could he have been so blind, mused the major, watching the soft lips. How could he have missed her special quality?

Perhaps it is like a hidden treasure, he told himself, in a mood that would normally have had him doubting his own sanity. To be revealed only to those who have the perception to recognize it?

He was snatched from these admittedly mawkish musings by the sound of the girl’s voice.

“What am I to do until you have bundled me away somewhere?”

The major knew it was time to exercise his manly decisiveness. “You will stay under my care until I have found a suitable and safe place for you,” he said sternly. “And in the meantime, you will remember that I am the laird.”

And I hope to heaven that will hold her, he thought desperately. I can see I must be firm with her—and with myself, he added gloomily. I may have to pick a quarrel with her, he groaned, to protect her! Or yourself, gibed his soldier’s mind.

It was a silent, rather unhappy group that arrived at the posting house where the major had arranged to have dinner served to his party.





Chapter Five



Edinburgh.

Matilda stared out the window of the comfortable hotel in which Robert Bruce had set up his party. The great rock looked before her, crowned with its ancient, noble buildings. Behind her in the big bedroom, Miss Alford and Polly were emptying boxes, shaking out clothing, hanging things in the giant armoire, and gabbling meanwhile of the exciting things that had been happening during the last few days.

It seemed to Matilda that the two women had not stopped talking for one moment since the joyous reunion late last night. And now the major and Fredricks, accompanied by a much-relieved McLeod, were off purchasing clan tartans for all the members of Bruce’s staff entitled to wear them—and possibly for some who were not but wanted to. For himself, the new laird had ordered the finest in his family’s lovely plaids: day wear, formal evening gear, the knee socks, even the skean dhu, a small dagger that was traditional wear. Matilda tried to stifle her fears about the reception her employer, thus bedecked, might get from his not-so-loyal clansmen. She sighed and turned back to watch her governess and Polly.

Miss Alford was holding up a gray silk dress with a fetching ruffled fichu of lace. “But this is beautiful, Matilda! What good taste your major has!”

“He is not my major, and I think he should not have bought so many lovely gowns for me! Quite ineligible! I had thought you would support me in that judgment!”

Miss Alford sighed but did not seem too depressed. “I might have tried to do so, dear child, had I not already been given an impressive example of the major’s manly decisiveness! Sergeant McLeod informed us that his master had given him a list of things he deemed Fredricks and I would need. The list was so long that the good sergeant was compelled to buy a baggage wagon to hold all the ‘necessities.’ Did our employer bullock you thus?” Her eyes twinkled with amusement.

“He insisted! He ignored my protests!” She hesitated, then grinned. “And since I had come away with only a single change of clothing, I let him do it.”

“I imagine few could stand against Major Bruce when he gives an order,” said Miss Alford. “Sergeant McLeod has been singing his praises all the way from Brighton. He tells us that the gallant and very courageous major lost his arm saving McLeod’s life on the battlefield. I think the good sergeant would die for him.”

“Let us hope,” said Matilda with equal seriousness, “that he will not be called upon to do so. I am given to understand that the clansmen had such a dislike of the old laird that they fear and resent the coming of the new one. Moreover, he tells me that there is also a deeply rooted hatred of anything Sassenach,” confided Matilda.

The three women glanced at one another anxiously. “What can we do to help the major?” asked Polly.

“It is hard to say, until we are faced with actual challenges,” began Miss Alford seriously. “Still, we can all give him our loyalty and support.” Catching their nods of agreement, she smiled again. “We are really becoming members of Major Bruce’s clan, are we not? I must find out if all clanspeople were born to it, or if, like liege men, they could be sworn into loyal service?”

Matilda’s romantic heart was touched. “I do not know why it is, since I only agreed to become his chef, but the idea of being Major Bruce’s clanswoman is most attractive. If he will permit it,” she added gloomily.

Miss Alford raised an eyebrow. “Why, what is this?” she asked. “From the evidence presented, I should imagine Robert Bruce had adopted you as part of his family already!” Her eye scanned the several attractive gowns in the armoire.

Matilda frowned. “Oh, he is generous to a fault! But he has already warned me that he does not think it convenable for me to serve in his kitchen.”

“What a sensible man!” Miss Alford surprised Matilda by saying. “Of course, he is right.”

“But I am a good cook! I’ve told you how the patrons at the Cock and Pheasant clamored for my meals!”

“That is not the question,” answered Miss Alford firmly.

Matilda wore her stubborn expression. “Oh, I know he is going on about the fact that I am too young, and nobly born, and irrelevancies of that sort. What he is refusing to admit is that I am in flight from my cruel parents and do not wish to be returned to wed that nasty Tark. You cannot say that life in the major’s kitchens would be worse than a marriage to the wicked earl!”

“I am only saying that there might be other—ah—alternatives, dear child,” soothed Miss Alford. “Why do we not practice patience and allow our good benefactor to present his plan to us when he has formulated one? I trust Major Bruce. Do not you?”

Of course, there could be only one answer to that question. Still, Miss Alford observed that her pupil had a Friday face on her, not at all compatible with the gifts and new clothing her generous employer was showering upon them all.





Within a couple of days, the new laird had done all he reasonably could in preparation for the descent upon Glenholme Castle, and the cavalcade set off for the north just after dawn of a fine morning. It seemed to the women, whose numbers were now augmented by the presence of two young maids, that theirs was an impressive caravan indeed with its several baggage wagons, lordly carriage, coach for the servants, and smart curricle for the major’s personal use. With appropriate coachmen, grooms, and outriders. A progress, indeed!

When Matilda caught sight of the rakish curricle, her heart misgave her. It looked so very fast! Was it possible that even an experienced whip could manage that tricksy two-wheeled carriage with only one arm? She confided her fears to McLeod, who had apparently accepted her as a member of the laird’s clan.

“Can he manage it, McLeod?” she whispered, catching him as the party prepared to remount after a tasty lunch at a wayside inn.

The sergeant followed her gaze toward the dazzling little sporting carriage. “I believe so, milady,” he muttered back. “In any event, I shall always be at his side, as is only right and proper.”

With this, the girl had to be content, although her tender heart knew many qualms when she considered what might happen to a man with only one arm—however noble, capable, strong, and courageous he might be.





London. Portman Square.

Lord George Mountavon, looking very haggard indeed, came into his wife’s drawing room just an hour before dinner. He had been, as Lady Amelia well knew, following a tantalizing clue—a glimpse Jake had reported, of someone who might have been Polly, working at some wretched inn on the outskirts of London. He did not, he had informed his wife with some acerbity, intend telling the story of his ungrateful child’s callous defection from duty to any official department, being very sure that word of it would immediately percolate throughout society.

There was, however, the direfully urgent matter of the earl of Tark’s return to London within the week. He would be expecting—and correctly so—that the banns for his approaching marriage to Lady Matilda Mountavon would have been proclaimed. He would also be justified in assuming—alas, incorrectly!—that the wedding arrangements, for which he had agreed to stand the nonsense, would also be well in train by now.

Unfortunately the bride-to-be could not be found.

In Portman Square, fury and alarm had turned into panic. Invitations had already gone out for the small, select dinner that was to be the occasion of the announcement of the betrothal of the Right Honorable Earl of Tark to Lady Matilda Mountavon. The earl himself was due to arrive in London within two days. And still no clue as to the wretched Matilda’s whereabouts!

“Where can she have gone?” raged Lord George. “She wasn’t in Brighton. The old hag swore she hadn’t seen her. She’s got no friends; you saw to that! D’you suppose she’s run off with some man?”

Lady Amelia implied that she could not care less. What worried her was the threat of social disaster hanging over her head when the guests assembled and found no fluttering bride-to-be.

“It’s worse than that,” said Lord George. “Tark will call in my vowels at once. We shall be ruined, penniless! Can’t you understand that? She’s done us in, the little slut!”

“You’d better run and tell him what’s happened as soon as he gets to London,” advised his wife with a sneer. “He won’t enjoy learning in front of half the ton that he’s been jilted by a chit of eighteen!”

“Why don’t you cancel your precious dinner?” snapped her husband. “You can always put it on again when we find her.”

“Everyone in London would suspect the worst if we cancel,” objected the woman crossly. “I know exactly the sort of thing they’d say—!”

“Well, I know what Tark’s going to say,” muttered her spouse, “and you’ll like that less than the gabble of a few old quizzes. He’ll take it as a deadly insult and ruin us! He’s a vindictive devil. He’ll make us a laughingstock—to say nothing of beggaring us! Where will you go when he throws us out of this house, milady?”

“Find the girl!” wailed his wife. “Question the servants again! She was always a favorite below stairs. Gets that from your side of the family, no doubt. You always did have a penchant for barmaids!”

When they had quite exhausted themselves with graceless recriminations, the Mountavons turned their rage and fear upon the servants and the true culprit, their runaway daughter. It had at first seemed simple enough: the silly chit had probably followed her former governess to Brighton, where she was laughing at the position in which she had placed her parents. Lord George had gone off in a fine fury to seek out the governess, only to discover that the apprehensive Miss Alford had not seen her pupil since their recent parting, witnessed by most of the staff, in London. Further inquiries among the neighbors had confirmed Miss Alford’s statement.

At that point, a frisson of pure terror had chilled the anger of Lord George. What if the girl had committed suicide! It seemed absurd to suspect it, but females, he was convinced, were subject to all sorts of queer vaporings and ridiculous starts. If Matilda had indeed taken her life, how would he be able to settle his debt with the earl of Tark? It had been a stroke of the greatest good fortune that the cynical nobleman had been willing to accept a green girl of no great beauty as an exchange for the enormous stack of I.O.U.’s!

In desperation, Lord George had sent out every male servant in his household, first to all the posting houses carrying traffic out of London, and then, in dreadful urgency as the time drew short, to make guarded investigations at every possible place the girl might have chosen as a refuge.

The only shred of evidence he could turn up was Jake’s brief glimpse of the wench Polly. By the time Lord George had reached the Cock and Pheasant to check out the tale, however, it was the following day, and the birds, if ever they had been there, had flown. Lord George had a demeaning argument with the host’s wife, a virago calling herself Mrs. Dodd, who frankly informed him he was crazy if he thought she would harbor a runaway noblewoman in her establishment.

“More like a Chelt’n’m tragedy, that is,” sneered the creature. After making a number of rude suggestions in a loud voice, she called her beef-witted husband to show the gentleman off the premises.

She heaved a sigh of relief after he had gone, and stringently warned her servants to hold their tongues about the runaway debutante on pain of instant dismissal. Meanwhile Lord George was having panicky thoughts of putting a period to his own life or, failing that, of removing to the Continent rather than face the nobleman who held all his notes-of-hand.

The Mountavons now acted in a typical manner. Lord George began to try to drink himself into a lethargy; while his Lady went out and bought herself a whole new wardrobe, on credit. Thus, when the earl, much invigorated by his revels in Rome, arrived at their town house to meet his bride-to-be, he was greeted by an elaborately dressed, grim-faced female and a comatose male.

It did not take the earl long to discover the extent of the disaster. When her husband refused, or was unable, to furnish any information as to the whereabouts of Lady Matilda, the girl’s mother offered, with a despairing coyness, to find a substitute.

The earl was not amused. He had finally nerved himself to enter the confounded, restricting state of matrimony for reasons that were urgent but not to be noised abroad. To find that the female who was to receive the honor of bearing his name and his heir had run away from her home to escape the distinction was unpalatable news, to say the least. The earl scanned the faces of the reprehensible parents with the coldest glance Lady Amelia had ever had to encounter.

“Have you made it known in London, in the ton, that is, that I planned to marry your daughter next week?” he challenged.

“I have told no one,” lied the Lady Amelia.

The earl’s icy stare told her what reliance he placed upon that sop to his dignity. “I am to suppose that you have made at least a token effort to find your daughter,” was his next thrust.

“We have searched diligently—but to no avail,” reported her ladyship. “She has disappeared without trace!”

Lord George, whom all parties had considered to be quite out of it, roused himself sufficiently to say, “Cock and Pheasant” before lapsing again into his lethargy.

“And what is that supposed to mean?” snarled the Earl.

Perforce, the Lady Amelia told him.

The earl at once demanded the attendance of the servant Jake, rudely advised Lady Amelia to get her disreputable gamester of a husband to bed, and closeted himself for a half hour with Jake. The upshot of this conference was a foray upon the Cock and Pheasant by the earl, accompanied by four burly grooms and Jake.

It did not take Mrs. Dodd long to get the earl’s measure. A very different kettle of fish from Lord Mountavon was this damn-your-eyes nobleman! Estimating the destructive powers of the burly grooms, she quickly opened her budget to the earl.





Chapter Six



The major’s party arrived at Glenholme at sunset.

After one dazzle glance around the wide green valley and the snug little village built on either side of a small river, Matilda’s eyes focused on the ancient gray stones of the castle, at this moment warmed into soft gold by the setting sun.

At this distance, the castle did not present the ruined aspect Matilda had expected from Major Bruce’s comments. The two towers raised their crenellated tops against the gray stone cliffs that guarded the castle at the rear. The massive wood-and-iron gate was open, and the drawbridge was lowered across the river, which had been brought around by some earlier laird to form a moat about Glenholme Castle. It was a lovely sight, and Matilda thrilled to it. Her glance at once flashed to the owner of this historic beauty.

Major Bruce’s handsome weather-darkened face was controlled, expressionless, as he surveyed his inheritance. The fine silvery-gray eyes were slightly narrowed, but other than that, there was no indication of his feelings. Had he ever seen his castle before? Matilda wondered. Or was this a first view?

Being Matilda, she asked him, “Had you been here before, major?”

The big man turned slightly to get her in full view. “If, madam, you are desirous of cementing your at-the-moment rather shaky position in my household,” he began with a wide grin that took the sting out of the pompous words, “then I must remind you that I wish to hear my full name on your lips. Always.”

Matilda smiled, “Major Bruce,” she said, primming it.

The man laughed, such a lovely free shout of pleasure, with his fine head thrown back on the firm, round column of his throat, that Matilda felt a strange inner trembling, quite pleasant, which she never before had experienced.

“To answer your question” The beautiful gray eyes laughed into hers. “No, I have never before seen the castle. But it is a goodly heritage . . . even in ruins.”

Matilda frowned and scanned the ancient pile more carefully. Now she could discern the tumbled blocks of stone that had fallen away from parts of the outer wall, and the general air of disuse that marked the building.

“You’ll restore it to its former glory,” she said encouragingly. “You have told me that your relative left you a great fortune.” And your recent openhandedness has confirmed it, she thought, glancing down at the modish travel outfit that the new laird had deemed proper for his temporary chef.

Before she had a chance to repeat her thanks, offered earlier, for the generosity he had shown them all. Fredricks had approached the two who stood staring over the shadowed valley.

“If I may be permitted to say so, this is a noble holding,” the older man said quietly. “Welcome home, Major Bruce.”

The sentimental Matilda could have wept tears of gratitude at Fredrick’s apt speech. Even the self-controlled Robert Bruce gave his new retainer a wide smile and a word of thanks. Then, eschewing any further sentimental weakness, the two men set about getting the train of carriages and wagons down into the valley.

The major had decided to settle into his castle before calling upon any of the local residents, either for help or in courtesy. His whole staff were well aware by this time that their new employer was a stranger in this neighborhood, the heir of a justly unpopular laird, and an Englishman to boot. Three facts that might bring overt hostility to bear against the newcomers. All the menservants agreed that the Chief—for so they had taken to calling him among themselves—was as smart as he could stare, up to any rig, and a pretty downy bird, and would have little trouble consolidating his position before asking any efforts to treat with the natives. They were all aware of the major’s brilliant record on the Continent, but of course he had been fighting for England, which would not particularly endear him to the present company!

The small cavalcade wound its way down the hill and through the village on its way to the castle. Oddly enough, Matilda thought, there was no one out along the road to witness their arrival. Had the dwindling population finally disappeared? Then she caught just a flicker of movement between two of the cottages, and a quick closer look revealed a small boy disappearing into a mass of overgrown shrubbery.

“They do not keep their homes up very smartly,” she remarked, feeling somehow that the total ignoring of the new laird was a hurtful thing. The cut direct.

The major shrugged. “They have had little enough in the way of encouragement, I am thinking,” he said slowly. “Never a groat spent to keep up anything. The old laird did not set them much of an example.”

“You will do so,” averred the girl stoutly.

The man scrutinized the small, intent countenance. “You really want me to make a success of this venture, do you not?” he asked gently.

“Of course. I do! And you will!”

“I am not sure I wish to,” admitted the major. “So much hostility! So difficult a task! My men-at-law have urged me to offer the place for sale and cut my losses. They fear the whole sum of the Glenholme fortune will be wasted restoring a drafty old castle no one wants to live in.”

This distinctly gloomy view of the situation gave Matilda pause. She glanced again out the window at the huge stone pile they were approaching. It did look run-down, she decided. How much work would it take to restore it to its former grandeur? And who would do the work? Unless he could enlist the help of the men in the community, the major would have to import laborers from elsewhere, no doubt at great expense. And no doubt, either, that such a course would further exacerbate the angry resentment of the local citizens! They would declare themselves unwilling to work for the Englishman—and then get into a fury because he was hiring outsiders at a good wage! Were all men irrational?

Matilda let her eyes wander over the big man beside her in the carriage. It seemed plain to her that he would not be able to move heavy blocks of stone, nor take part in whatever other repair work might be needed. One arm would hardly be enough for such work, would it? And how this big, strong competent man must hate his disability! She felt a resurgence of the partisan emotion she had noticed in herself on several earlier occasions. It seemed suddenly very important that no one should make fun of this man, or taunt him about his lost limb. She turned to face him, not yet sure what words of encouragement she would offer, but eager to voice them.

He was staring out at the castle, old and strong and glowing in the golden sunset. “It is a lovely holding,” he mused, in the deepest voice she had heard him use. His stern soldier’s face was strangely vulnerable. The girl’s heart beat once, powerfully, out of rhythm. She had to speak!

“Major!”

She lifted an encouraging countenance to meet his inquiring gaze. “Major Robert Bruce will succeed in restoring his lovely ancestral home to its original strength and beauty,” she said firmly.

And loved the warm smile with which he greeted her affirmation of faith.





In the event, the major and his men between them made a heartwarming occasion of the homecoming. Although the state of neglect they found in all the rooms, the obvious lack of care for the fine old furniture, tapestries, silver and china, appalled them all, the servants immediately set to work to light fires in the kitchen and the Great Hall.

When Miss Alford bustled in behind Matilda to assess the resources of the Glenholme kitchens, the good dame uttered a cry of horror. All eyes immediately focused upon her. She was pointing a trembling finger at the huge open fireplace, blackened and grease-stained and crossed by a hand-turned spit and cranes for cooking pots.

“A relic of the Dark Ages!” she groaned. “How can you expect us to cook upon—within—that monstrosity!”

The menservants hid grins as the major strolled over and assessed the primitive resource. Finally, when the servants were nearly bursting with amusement, he nodded.

“Rather primitive, I admit. But, in the meantime, there’s always that other monstrosity. “He pointed to a small stove in another part of the kitchen. “Will it be adequate for the preparation of our meager repasts until I can have a better one freighted in?”

At the look on Miss Alford’s face, the servants burst into laughter. The governess glanced around at the merry countenances, and a slow smile lightened her features. “I am behaving very housewifely, am I not?” she chided herself. “But if these are the implements the old laird cooked on, I begin to see reasons for his sour attitude. One can only hope all the kitchen maids will consent to remain!” and she stared around at the dirty, cobwebby kitchen with scorn.

The major faced them with such an expression of pleading apprehension on his dark, handsome face that the three kitchen maids, headed by Polly, were quick to assure him that they’d stay “if it killed them!”—with sideways glances at the admiring males.

Matilda grinned. Intentionally or not, dear Alford had just given the wily major a chance to add the active loyalty of the female servants to that of the major’s besotted male retainers. Matilda hugged herself to contain the bubbling pride and admiration she, too, felt for that tall, handsome soldier. Nothing must be allowed to destroy his pride and pleasure in his inheritance! With this in mind, she moved quietly around the kitchen, recruiting helpers, assigning tasks, directing the placement of the supplies the men were already bringing in.

Oil from the supply wagons was unpacked for the new lamps they had brought, and while the men were carrying in food and new bedding, the women, led by a very determined Miss Alford, began to wash pots and pans for Matilda’s use in cooking a hearty, restorative meal upon the old stove.

From her position at the stone sink, washing the dishes, Miss Alford continued to make her mock protests. First she held up a large and very dirty dinner plate that did not look as though it had ever felt the touch of soap or water. She blew on it, and a large puff of dust arose. “I dread the thought of eating from any of these dusty dishes!” she declared. “The former laird may well have choked to death!”

This feeble joke set the maids to giggling again, and preparations for dinner proceeded in an atmosphere of great good humor. Within a reasonably short time, Matilda had a hot, tasty meal ready to serve on a giant kitchen table freshly washed by Polly. The new laird, firmly refusing to stand upon ceremony or to allow anyone else to do so, commanded them all to sit down with him around the board and satisfy their hunger.

Then all the lamps were filled and lighted, and a tentative exploration of the ground floor of the huge building was begun. It was soon evident that much hard work would have to be done before any degree of civilized comfort could be attained. As it grew dark, the major designated a large room, which was two steps up from the Great Hall and to one side, as the Ladies’ Bower. He had the men set up cots there and commanded the women to get some rest, since they had worked hard and well and would need to be ready to do more of the same on the morrow. He then led his men, who now seemed to consider themselves his private army, back to the kitchen, where trundle beds and cots were quickly set up amid a good deal of laughter.

Listening to the distant sounds of mirth, Miss Alford nodded with satisfaction. “He’s really a born leader, isn’t he, my dear? No wonder he won those medals! I’m convinced your major can handle anything!”

Matilda, who had had her mouth open to inquire about the medals, closed it after those last words. Her major? It had such a cozy ring to it! As she tried to get to sleep on the hard, narrow cot, Matilda wondered what the response of the villagers would be to the new laird, Sassenach as he undecidedly was. Could even he win these dour, opinionated Scotspeople over to his side, as he had won his new menservants, and the maids, and Polly and Miss Alford, and Fredricks? And especially yourself! said a small inner voice. Lying in the dusty Ladies’ Bower, feeling the searching chill of night that penetrated even through the new warm blankets the major had supplied, Matilda prayed very fervently that the major would win his battle.





Chapter Seven



During the next three days, Matilda worked as she had never done before, even during the hectic days in the kitchen of the Cock and Pheasant. So, too, did everyone else at Castle Glenholme. Fredricks and Miss Alford, long accustomed to the proclivity of London servants to do as little as they could safely get away with, watched and marveled. Not only was a great deal of heavy work being accomplished, but spirits were high in the servants’ quarters.

Miss Alford, surveying the smaller dining room with a view to providing a proper place for the laird, noted the cob-web-festooned walls, beams, and tapestries, and shuddered delicately. “Never have I seen such neglect in a gentleman’s residence! Yet the servants, instead of grumbling as I would have expected, appear to regard the disgusting mess as a challenge, and the old ruin as their own special place. It is odd, Fredricks.”

“Major Bruce has them all considering themselves his liege men and women—even your Polly,” chuckled the old man. “But the castle is not really such a ruin, Miss Alford. I’ve been over it carefully with the laird, He admitted he needed my special knowledge, and I was glad to oblige,” Fredricks added complacently.

The major enlarges us all, thought the governess. No wonder the servants are devoted to him! How does he do it? For the major hadn’t a great deal to say. He insisted upon taking a full share in the labor of restoration, working beside his men, a large sturdy figure in his kilt, his hard-muscled torso covered by a clean white linen shirt. McLeod had constituted himself the major’s valet as well as his sergeant-at-arms and took pride in keeping his master looking every inch the officer, no matter what kind of work they were engaged in.

Matilda had observed Robert Bruce’s success with admiration and pleasure. Her earlier fears began to recede; she allowed her hopes for the future—for herself as well as for him—to rise again. It was obvious that everyone on the staff took as great a pride in their laird as did McLeod. The major was so pleasant and even in temper, so skillful in action, that Matilda was forced to revise her earlier judgment as to his ability. He lifted his end of a heavy table with the same quiet competence he used in helping to lower the dust-laden, faded tapestries for later cleaning.

He was meticulous about the disposal of daily trash and of the worm-eaten furniture and bedraggled linens he wished to discard. He had made a firm rule that nothing was to be thrown into the moat, as it would contaminate the river for the village downstream. Instead, wagons full of rejected objects were driven to a deep ravine behind the castle and dumped there. While some of the men grumbled, they were actually proud of the way the castle was beginning to look. And the stables! The major had decided they were to be rebuilt, with every device for proper housing and care of his splendid animals. It now appeared that no trouble was too great for the grooms, if it added to the comfort of the major’s noble beasts. Never had Matilda seen such shining coats, such proudly tossed manes, such fine, dark liquid eyes, even in London at the hour of promenade in the park!

The Laird also insisted upon his staff eating full and regular meals and continued to take his place at the head of the big servants’ table in the kitchen.

“An army marches upon its stomach,” he informed Matilda, “and thanks to your excellent cuisine, we are marching very well!”

When Miss Alford, glorying in her role as housekeeper for this noble residence, gently hinted that Milord’s dignity might be better served if he held his state in the smaller dining hall now clean and polished—the laird responded to her nudging with his wide, white smile.

“When we are well established in our new home, it will be time enough for me to flaunt my rank,” he said. “At this moment, I am building, Miss Alford. Strengthening foundations.”

Miss Alford could not understand this last remark, since the laird had given the dungeons and storage caverns beneath the castle only the most superficial attention. Was he now working down there? She shuddered at the thought, although Fredricks had already told her that the dungeons would be ideal for the storage of wines and stronger liquors.

Matilda, however, who was shamelessly eavesdropping on the conversation, thought she understood. For, in spite of the really remarkable load of work the servants had had to cope with, they appeared proud of themselves rather than resentful at the laird’s demands. He was building loyalties.

Every day wagons full of furniture, carpets, dishes, and utensils arrived from Edinburgh, including the promised new stove, a massive thing that had six men panting and groaning during its installation. Instead of rebelling, however, they had cheekily informed Miss Matilda that they’d expect something really toothsome from the new ovens. Then they proceeded to tease the laird that he would have to resurface the road to the castle next, before it was worn down to China with all these comings and goings! Since they continued to unload the wares with hearty goodwill and pride, boasting to the Edinburgh carters of the grandeur and comfort of the castle, their master made no objection to their joking. He had apparently no fears for his own consequence; the friendly teasing did not bother him at all. In fact, he gave as good or better than he got.

To the servants’ delight, he had established well-furnished quarters for both men and women, with bathing rooms adjoining. There was also a suite each for Miss Alford and Fredricks, and a charming room for his chef in the South Tower. Matilda was privately of the opinion that none of the laird’s people, herself included, had ever enjoyed finer accommodations.

And yet her heart was troubled at his manner toward herself. Unfailingly kind, sharing many a small jest or interesting problem with her, still the major did not permit anything of a personal nature to enter their discussions. Could it be, the girl thought despairingly, that the special interest he appeared to feel in his chef had been only his natural courtesy toward any woman? Matilda carefully watched his behavior to Miss Alford. Was it the same as his attitude toward herself? Courteous, yes; never condescending. But did the smile he directed at Miss Alford have the special warmth—did his eyes, when he looked at his housekeeper, hold the friendly sparkle with which he observed Matilda?

She realized that she had to know for sure. Not knowing was too painful.

And then Polly passed on some information concerning the laird’s chef that seemed to threaten to destroy all her hopes, as well as bringing to an end her residence at Glenholme Castle. Reminding herself that her name meant “mighty battle-maid,” the girl resolved to challenge the major that very morning. This battle plan was implemented by the appearance of the soldier himself in the kitchen.

Unaware of the coming battle, the major, with a mysterious air, invited his chef to accompany him to the South Tower for a tour of inspection. At her rather severe nod of assent, he led her past the room she was presently using on the ground floor, up the curving stairway to the Ladies’ Bower, a spacious suite at the top of the building, with a magnificent view of the valley and the mountains.

However dazzling it might be, the view could not hold Matilda’s attention as she took in what had been done to the rooms. They had been, so the legend ran, the favored abode of the daughters of the family, or of new brides to the house. Now, by the laird’s command, they had been made fresh and charmingly decorated and furnished for—whom?

Oh, he cannot be thinking of getting married! was Matilda’s first despairing thought. To some woman in London?

He just stood there, her great handsome soldier, grinning like a schoolboy.

“These are your new quarters, Matilda,” he said. And waited for her approval, her thanks, her delight.

Curiously enough, this amazing announcement, and the beauty and comfort of the room, did nothing to restore Matilda’s composure. Rather it plunged her into acute distress. She remembered the information Polly had passed on. Why had the laird made just this gesture to his cook at this moment? She faced him, her expression forbidding.

“I do not understand what is happening here, Major Bruce,” she began. “I am informed by Polly that you have instructed her and the other kitchen maids that I am not to be allowed to do any more of the work after today.”

“You have enough to do, teaching them your skills, sharing your knowledge, superintending their work,” the man answered, frowning a little at her cold reception of his efforts in preparing her rooms. He had thought the girl would be aux anges! Where had he gone wrong? Worried, disappointed, he continued, very much the-laird-on-his-high-horse, “I cannot have it noised abroad in Glenholme village that the Lady Matilda Mountavon drudges in my kitchen.”

“But I enjoy doing it!” the girl protested. Did the stupid man not realize that her work in his kitchen was her reason, her only excuse, for remaining in his household? She made a desperate effort to inform him of her sentiments. “I feel like . . . one of your clan!” If that doesn’t tell him how much I like him, nothing will! she thought, both embarrassed and relieved that she had made all clear at last. Her great solemn eyes beseeched him to understand.

Major Bruce had never been a ladies’ man. He had been too busy all his life, first at school, and then in the army and under Wellington’s command, to have much opportunity to learn the skills of a dashing beau. Decent manners, yes; he granted himself that much. But he had never been a womanizer, or even much in the company of ladies. He had to admit to himself that this small, maddening female had got him further off-balance and on the defensive than all of Napoleon’s army had ever managed to do. At war, the major knew who his enemies were and how best to deal with them. But here, in this massive old castle he was coming to love, facing a brave-hearted, sweet, generous, delicious little woman who definitely should not be part of his bachelor household, he was completely at a loss.

He knew now that he should never have permitted her to accompany him from London, after he had realized her quality. Certainly he should have sent her back to her parents as soon as he discovered the true state of affairs. But that was the rub! The true state of affairs was that this lovely girl was in real danger of being sold to a licentious beast by her cold-hearted parents, who neither valued nor deserved so darling a daughter. But they were her parents, and therefore their decision as to her future could not be set aside or even argued. The Laird of Glenholme could lose his little love, or he could keep her and see her good name irrevocably ruined. For, of course, her father would raise hell.

Which was it to be? The man lost himself in dark forebodings.

During this unflattering delay in responding to her eager plea, Matilda’s feelings were changing from beseeching admiration to righteous anger. Was this the way a gallant soldier responded to a declaration?

“Major Bruce! You are not paying attention to me! Major Bruce!”

The imperious little voice broke through his preoccupation. Focusing upon the flushed, petulant small countenance, the major set his jaw in an expression McLeod would immediately have recognized. It was the major’s fighting-man-in-action expression, every instinct and skill focused on successful mastery of the situation. So, she wanted him to pay attention to her, did she? His silver eyes narrowed dangerously. Her soft rosy lips were pursed in that maddeningly desirable pout as she said his name. Kissing shaped! That particular gesture had haunted him since first he beheld those red lips framing his name. It was too much for a soldier to endure. Bending toward the little witch, he pressed his own lips hard against that tantalizing softness. And pressed. And pressed . . .

His senses reeled. Instead of falling back, or protesting, or trying to remove herself, the little female had actually caught at his shoulders to steady herself against the pressure of his mouth! She liked it! Silver-gray eyes, unconsciously closed during the attack, flew open to meet a pair of glowing sherry-brown eyes staring into his. Slightly crossed, it must be admitted, with the effort to focus on his own intent gaze.

The major raised his head, breathing with some difficulty. He discerned that the girl was suffering the same trouble. However, she recovered her breath more quickly than he did. Her voice reached him softly.

“That was . . . wonderful. Will you . . . do it again, please?”

The major caught at self-control with every ounce of willpower he possessed. Unfortunately his hard arm also had caught at the lovely girl, clasping her soft warmth to his chest, and his willpower gave up without a struggle. He groaned deeply.

“I like it when you do that,” confided Matilda shyly, from her position close against his body. “It makes me tingle.”

The major groaned again and kissed those sweet red lips. This time it was even better than before—if that was possible, the dazzled soldier thought.

“This really will not do,” he gasped. “We must sit down—talk—there is so much to discuss—important matters—” He was babbling, and he knew it. But what was a man to do, with a soft, warm female pressed against him, and a pair of the loveliest eyes he had ever seen fixed on his face with a look that set his blood aflame!

The girl was regarding him with such tenderness that the major had to catch another deep breath.

“Matilda! Merielle! I mean it! We must sit down!” Or I may fall down, his muscles warned him.

The girl could understand the necessity. When her major spoke the name she had always wished to hear, her knees were assailed with a sudden weakness. But there was an obstacle.

“I cannot sit down while you are holding me to you so tightly,” she explained. “Not that I do not enjoy the position! In fact, I am sure I prefer it to sitting down—except perhaps on your knee?” she offered hopefully.

The major, sore beset, groaned again.

This time his distress penetrated the rosy glow in which Matilda had been luxuriating since his first kiss. Was her wonderful soldier feeling ill? Gently she untangled their bodies and walked over to seat herself on a pretty little sofa—just a comfortable fit for two, she thought.

The major, staring with glassy eyes, found himself an armchair at a safe distance, took out his spotless kerchief, and dabbed at his brow.

It seemed there was to be no escape for him. He really could not be expected to give up this darling girl.

“I really enjoyed that,” Matilda was reassuring him. “When may we do it again?” She was regarding him with dazzled eyes, her expression remarkably like the one on his own face.

The major recognized the coup de grace when he received it.

“I shall marry you as soon as it can be arranged, Merielle,” he managed to say. It was the proper—the only—correct behavior, he told himself, drinking in the delighted glow that began to illuminate the girl’s face. Anyone would agree that he had compromised her. . . . It was his obvious duty. . . . That it was the one thing above all others that he wished to do must not be permitted to influence his thinking. Thinking! the soldier groaned silently. I haven’t thought straight for the last half hour! Heaven help me to bring this imbroglio to a decent conclusion! To be fair to my darling girl! I’m committed now—and I would not have it any other way!

He became conscious that the girl was watching him with anxious, wondering eyes. What an oaf he was! This should have been a perfect moment for her. He summoned up a smile.

“You do wish to marry me, my darling?” he asked softly, rising and striding over to her sofa.

“Oh, yes!” gasped Matilda, horrified that there might have been any doubt. “Whenever you say!”

The gallant soldier helped her gently to her feet and kissed her chastely on the brow. He could not take a chance on what a more fervent caress would do to his shattered control.

“All will take place in good time—when I have completed the arrangements—in the proper order—with all due attention to detail . . . ” He was babbling again, but he couldn’t help it. Waterloo had been child’s play to this encounter. The major hoped to heaven he could solve the unsolvable: marry his darling with not the faintest slur upon her good name; appease her greedy parents— Thanks to one miserly old Scotsman, he had enough money for that!

In the meantime, his lovely girl must not be allowed to worry. The important thing to remember was that he had lighted upon the perfect way of protecting his little love. (To say nothing, he reminded himself, of turning his own life into a heaven on earth, a Garden of Eden, a paradise—) He caught himself up sternly. This was not the time for romantic, sentimental weakness! He had just thrown down the gauntlet to fate, and to Lord Mountavon. A battle gage is final, even if given in the absence of the enemy. He made the mistake of staring down into the wide, lovely eyes trained so eagerly upon his countenance. He caught at his distracted thoughts. He had just set out to thwart two noblemen, either of whom would have him killed without scruple if they suspected he was in a fair way of foiling their nefarious plot.

And he had a castle to restore!

A reluctant, widening grin spread cross the major’s lips. He smiled down into the lovely face turned so trustingly up to his.

“We are going to have a busy time during these next few weeks, my little one,” he said softly, and hugged her to him.

At this moment, Matilda could not be bothered with the days to come. She had just become engaged!

“I think I should like you to kiss me now, Major Bruce,” she said firmly. Surely that was comme il faut!

You are doing it again!” groaned the hapless soldier, drawn to that delicious rosy pout as to a magnet. He then demonstrated, to the complete satisfaction of both parties involved, that one strong arm can anchor a small body to a large one very effectively.





Chapter Eight



The following morning Matilda waited for the laird to announce their forthcoming marriage. True, he had been very quiet after their solemnly passionate embrace, conducting her without digression to her original room at the foot of the Tower and leaving her there with one chaste, brief kiss upon her forehead. Matilda knew herself to be no connoisseur of kisses, having had so few—and none of them from members of the opposite sex. In fact, now that she thought about it, the only person who had ever kissed her was Miss Alford.

Matilda wondered if the effect of those firm contacts of lip with lip had been as impressive to Major Bruce as they had been to her. It was possible, no, certain, that such a handsome, desirable male had been permitted to take and give many kisses during the course of his adult life—and not with his governess! Thinking of governesses, as she was unaccountably doing, Matilda wondered whether the major would speak to Miss Alford first, as to one in loco parentis, or whether he would, in true lairdly fashion, announce the news to the whole staff at dinner.

He did neither.

Though his manner to her was gentle and courteous as ever, there was no particularity of attention, no ardent glance, no murmured word of endearment.

As the hours passed, Matilda’s happiness drained away, and she became so pale and listless that Miss Alford, alarmed, prescribed a dose of oil and honey. Matilda naturally refused this nauseating brew with every sigh of revulsion. Miss Alford then threatened to consult the laird. This was the final straw.

“I wish you,” Matilda retorted with surprising bitterness, “success in dealing with such an insensitive and callous person!”

Miss Alford’s eyes opened wide. Was the child really ill? Such venom against a man who had behaved, in Miss Alford’s opinion, with more than courtesy to her young charge! She began to say so. Matilda broke into tears and ran off to her new room.

Why she went there was not clear to the girl. Perhaps she wished to assure herself that the major, however remote and cool in his manner today, had been thrillingly ardent yesterday.

This was another mistake. The dainty new furniture, the delicate fabrics, all the charming touches, did nothing to restore Matilda’s composure. Rather, they made her distress more painful. What could have happened during the night to change the major’s mind? Had she done something to give her soldier second thoughts? Why, she brooded, did he kiss me if he does not intend to make me his wife? For after all, it had been the major who had mentioned marriage.

Sunk in these melancholy reflections, Matilda at first missed the announcement of the attack upon the castle. Warning of the advance was given to the major by Sergeant McLeod, who had, upon the arrival of the major’s household at Glenholme, immediately set up a sentry patrol with the full agreement of the English servants. No tellin’ what’ll happen in these savage parts, they grinned, only half joking. The servants hired in Edinburgh smugly agreed.

The man now on duty reported that two large wagons, crowded with men, were coming up the road at a steady pace. Within three minutes of the warning, every able-bodied male within the walls was alerted to the imminent arrival of a large, possibly hostile force. They took their places out of sight behind the wall with enthusiasm; it was a refreshing break in the day’s work. Major Bruce strolled down to stand just outside the great stone arch, which contained the wooden, ironbound gates to the castle and the mechanism for the drawbridge. It was noted with admiration that the major was his usual imperturbable self, not quite smiling, standing tall but relaxed outside his castle.

“Jus’ like a real laird,” whispered one man.

“He is the laird,” growled McLeod, “an’ don’t you forget it!”

The wagons halted at the far side of the river-moat, now flowing free and swift thanks to the major’s instructions. He scrutinized the enemy. The driver of the foremost wagon was a small fat man with a smile pasted upon a wary face. Seated next to him on the wooden seat was a gaunt man dressed in clerical black with a crisp white stock and a censorious but uncomfortable frown. Behind them, the second wagon was full of roughly dressed men, every one of whom had his gaze hastened upon the large, well-muscled figure in the working kilt and white shirt standing with powerful legs astride and looking completely master of the place and the situation. Not an eye missed the empty sleeve neatly pinned at one side of the broad chest. And even at the distance imposed by the drawbridge, not one missed the steely glint in the strange light eyes.

Somehow the man they’d come to taunt and jostle did not fit the image merchant Wallace had given them of a jumped-up, foppish Sassenach. Standing alone in the sunlight beneath his ancient arch, he more closely resembled the heroic figures in Scottish history; so at least thought the Reverend George Cameron, already uneasy at his part in this sortie. He was having second thoughts about the whole undertaking, and wondered why he had permitted the bullheaded storekeeper to coax him into this gesture against the new owner. He had hoped by his presence to keep the situation in hand and prevent violence. As he absorbed the truly quelling glance the soldier was giving them, Cameron wondered whose violence he might need to control. And indeed the Englishman was within his legal rights and had offered no offense to decency or good order—so far. The clergyman set his mouth with distaste for the situation Wallace had created.

The youngest of the wagonload of men, fifteen-year-old Colin Wallace, described the scene to his mother later. “The Sassenach wasna’ angry, exactly, but we men knew better than to speak out o’ turn. All but Dad, that is.”

His mother groaned with exasperation, shaking her head. “Tell me!” she commanded.

Enthusiastically he did so. Merchant Wallace had ignored the steady, enigmatic scrutiny that held his companions silent.

“You’ll be the new owner, then?” he called out. He did not give the Sassenach he had come to intimidate the courtesy of a title.

“I am Robert Bruce,” the officer vouchsafed quietly.

Thanks to the grapevine, they all knew that, and that the fellow had been a major in Wellington’s army. Also that he had given Wallace a substantial order and accompanied it with more than enough money to pay for it—at normal rates. Of course, Wallace had assured them in the tavern the previous evening, you always charge the nobs more! But this particular nob did not seem to be fitting into merchant Wallace’s pattern. For one thing, that “Robert Bruce,” spoken in the new owner’s deep voice, had a fine, familiar Scottish ring to it, a faint and authentic rolling of the r’s. And for another, that steel-hard glance did not suggest the easygoing gullible ninnyhammer Wallace had promised.

The villagers began to wonder what they were doing here and to wish they had come in a rather different spirit. Yet the big man hadn’t said a word beyond his name or made a hostile gesture. Even more strangely, the fact that he had only one arm did not at all diminish him. After the first glance, they had hardly been aware of it.

Wallace the insensitive rushed on his doom. “Well, man, we’ve come to put you straight,” he began, loud-voiced and bullying.

The Reverend Cameron frowned. The merchant was behaving very much like the Gadarene swine referred to in the Good Book, who, taken over by demons, rushed violently toward their own destruction. He resolved to take that text as the subject for his sermon the following Sunday. At the moment, he was obliged to content himself with a sour look at his blabber-mouthed companion. Couldn’t Wallace recognize quality when he saw it?

The merchant was plunging on. “The money you sent for the supplies you ordered,” he jerked his hand at the crates and boxes in the bed of the wagon, “was not enough, Bruce,” he sneered. “Are ye like the auld man, then? Quick wi’ the orders an’ slow wi’ the bawbees?”

The minister gasped. There was even a shocked murmur from Wallace’s friends and customers in the second wagon. But the merchant, his jeering gaze fixed upon the face of the major, now experienced a sudden sharp twinge of doubt. Instead of the timid apology or outright fear he had expected to see upon the new owner’s countenance, Wallace was chilled to perceive the narrow-eyed, hard wariness of a man about to fight. With the dismayed conviction that he’d just run out of luck, Wallace cravenly abandoned his original rash plan to engage in a battle of words with the Englishman. In a completely different tone of voice, he said, turning to nod at the cleric beside him, “This gentleman is the Reverend Cameron, our esteemed presbyter—that is, our minister. He had come to—er—bid you welcome to our valley. Sir.”

This was such a shameless about-face that the minister shot a shocked and disapproving glance at the merchant before bowing his head in formal greeting. He then said, rather tight-lipped, “I bid you welcome, Major Bruce.”

And he would definitely preach on the subject of the Gadarene swine next Sabbath, with sharp reference to the sins of pride, presumption, and pure knuckleheaded stupidity. He only hoped his belated and grudging courtesy would be enough to satisfy the soldier.

The major was taking a moment to consider this odd reversal of strategy. What was the purpose behind this rather ridiculous charade? Was the sudden change part of a devious scheme or merely the result of inept bullying and cowardice upon the part of the merchant and innate kindness in the minister? Were they testing the enemy? It seemed more like an attempt to play up the new boy, thought the major, recalling his own childhood at school.

Still, he was not about to reject the hand of friendship, however reluctantly offered. He was well aware that he had not been given the title of laird. So, they did not plan to admit him to his full and proper position in the community? At the moment, Major Bruce thought grimly, he did not want any favors from men who had come to show their hostility to his arrival.

Or had they? The astute campaigner in him queried. The only attack so far had come from Wallace, and he had retracted it in haste at the first sign of trouble. And the minister, even if compelled to do so in common courtesy by his cowardly companion, had extended a firm welcome. The major smiled, bowed, and said, “Thank you for your welcome, Dr. Cameron.” Then he glanced beyond the two men in the front wagon, raking his eyes over the crowd in the other vehicle. They didn’t look very angry, or even particularly hostile; rather they seemed curious, he thought, but trying hard to conceal it. The faintest of smiles tugged at the major’s firm lips.

“You, Wallace, will get all that you deserve,” he said, with a feral grin that sent shivers over several of his audience. He raised his one hand in a casual gesture.

Out from behind the wall marched the major’s private army, all of them neat and trim in their working kilts and white shirts. The swing of those kilts as they moved into place behind the major impressed even Matilda, who, with the other women, watched with bated breath from within the Great Hall.

It was obvious that the unexpected appearance of the major’s troops had shocked the villagers. His self-control in a difficult situation had impressed them, but this development placed him in a professional category far outside their limited experience.

Except for one young man. He scrambled out of the second wagon and limped quickly toward the merchant. “Have ye no sense, Wallace? Insultin’ the major on his own ground? D’ye want to bring total ruin to the valley?” He drew himself up awkwardly and saluted the grim-faced major. “I’ll get them away quietly, sir,” he muttered, his face red with embarrassment.

The major scrutinized the peacemaker with interest.

“That was a very professional, learned-on-the-field-of-battle salute, sir,” he commented quietly.

An unreadable expression briefly twisted the young man’s face. “I served against Napoleon, sir, until I was invalided home.”

The major stood straighter and returned the salute. “You served—?” he began.

“He was in London, making purchases for our business here, when he had one too many in a pub and found he’d taken the King’s shilling when he woke up,” snarled Wallace, all his grievances once more recalled.

And here’s a fine kettle of fish, thought the major. How do I get around that one? His smile became very gentle. He took a pace forward, held out his hand. His only hand.

“As one veteran to another?” he asked, his eyes fixed on the face of the young man. “May I know your name?”

No one breathed, so intense was the moment.

Finally, his own gaze firmly held by the major’s, the young man reached out and clasped the offered hand. “I’m Ian Wallace,” he managed through a tight throat.

“And you served as purchasing agent for your father,” mused the major. “Now, that sort of experience, with your training as a soldier, should make you just the man I am looking for,” he said with a decisive nod.

“You are looking for . . . ” repeated Ian Wallace, for once quite forgetting his injuries at this tantalizing idea.

The major smiled again. “I have great need of a factor here at the castle. My excellent butler, Fredricks, has far too much to do restoring order in the household to be burdened with estate matters. But you, Wallace, have evidently been trusted to carry out the duties of factor for your father. I believe that no one present can deny that Castle Glenholme needs—a business administrator?” He included them all, for the first time, in the warmth of his open smile. Raising his voice above the murmur of laughter and wry comments, he continued, “You may also be aware that my Great-Uncle Willum died a very wealthy man. As the presbyter will tell you—and probably has upon numerous occasions—” (this got another laugh, and even a prim smile from the Reverend Cameron)— “he could not take it with him. So, perforce, it came to me. And with it, I am told, a great many debts. It shall be your unenviable task, Ian Wallace, if you accept it, to see to the settling of all outstanding debts in the neighborhood, and the subsequent handling of the estate’s affairs. That is, if your father can spare you?”

Spare him? thought the dazzled soldier. The major was the first person who had seemed to need him since his inglorious return, wounded and bitter, from a war he hadn’t intended to fight in! His minatory glance at the elder Wallace told the merchant exactly what his son’s sentiments were. Himself dazed by the turn of events, Wallace began to babble his willingness to spare his older son at once to be the major’s factor.

“Thank you, Major Bruce,” said Ian quietly.

“You will not be disappointed, major,” added Cameron. “Ian was a bright student and quick to pick up information and skills.”

“And now, Mr. Wallace,” said the new factor briskly, “you’ve some supplies to deliver at the castle, I believe.”

Every man present grinned at the look of astonishment and annoyance that crossed the merchant’s face at his son’s tone.

“Better be sure he pays you,” advised the major, sotto voce. “This establishment’s got a bad name in the district, Mr. Wallace.”

That set them all off. Even the maids, clustering with Matilda and Miss Alford just within the open doors of the Great Hall, were drawn into the delighted roar that followed the major’s final quip. Miss Alford shook her head in appreciation.

“He’s a wonder, your major,” she sighed. “Up to every trick in the book—and invents his own when he needs to!”

Matilda said grimly, “I think I must talk with you, dear Alford, on a matter of great importance—” Her voice broke over the final word, and she sobbed once.

The governess peered at her dear pupil with a worried frown. “What is it, child? Are you ready to tell me?”

“I believe I must, Alford. But perhaps it had better be this evening, when the problems of the castle are not so pressing.”

Miss Alford nodded, and they went about their tasks.

The laird was proceeding with his affairs very nicely. He had hardly had to mention that he could use a few competent workers to staff the castle and home farm, when every man in the second wagon hurried down to volunteer. The major smiled at Ian Wallace. “You know these men better than I do, factor. It is your responsibility to hire the ones we can use.”

With matters so well in hand, the major invited the Reverend Cameron to dinner the following night. Glancing at the merchant busily superintending the unloading of the supplies in the courtyard beside the kitchen door, he added, “Without your loyal friend, I am afraid.”

George Cameron smiled. He knew the major had not missed the differences in attitude and opinion expressed between the two men.

“He would not come if you did invite him. It would offend his sense of propriety,” the cleric instructed him. “His son may serve you to the father’s great satisfaction. And he will make very sure he has the last jot and tittle of the sums you or your great-uncle owe him. But fraternize at your table he will not. It would not be suitable.”

“Thank you for this information,” said the major, concealing a grin. The story of his instruction in local customs would, of course, filter through the village. It would be a small victory for the merchant—the newcomer’s put-down—and would serve to soothe his ruffled dignity.

One more hurdle taken successfully, Bruce decided. Perhaps he might even come out of this imbroglio with a well-run home, a contented staff, and a few friends. As to a wife. . . . He knew he ought to put that tantalizing thought aside for a quieter, less stressful moment. What kind of mooncalf was the knowledgeable Major Bruce turning into, he asked himself with bitter mockery, that he could seriously consider asking a girl young enough to be his daughter, a girl, moreover, of noble birth, to be his wife? Yet he had asked her, and had found himself dizzy with delight at her ardent response. The child was infatuated with his position, perhaps—or was it that she, with her tender compassion, felt pity for his dreadful injury? The man set his jaw against that thought. It seemed he wanted her any way he could get her—infatuated or pitying!

Yet in the cold light of this new day, he knew he must face all the hazards of the situation. What if Matilda’s father refused to permit the match? The fortune he had inherited from William Bruce might not be enough to cover Mountavon’s losses. Even if he did bail the gamester out this time, what of the future? Did he wish to go on until he, too, was reduced to penury? Was he willing to give up all this, his heritage, to permit a conscienceless parent to fritter away his life gambling?

What else could he do? A furtive marriage ceremony was not what he wanted for his lovely girl. Yet he could not let her go back, unshielded, to her callous parents. Miss Alford could not protect Matilda from the Mountavons’ wrath; nor did she have the means to keep the girl in the style to which Major Bruce would like to accustom her. Then, must he let her go?

No! He wanted her! There could be no doubt of that. And, at the moment, she wanted him. But what if she decided later, when her first adolescent infatuation had worn off, that she wanted a younger man? A whole man? The thought of having her and then losing her brought so sharp a pain that the major caught his breath.

Enough! Tonight he would talk with Miss Alford, confess his own feelings, and ask for her help and advice. There must be some way out of this agonizing dilemma!





Chapter Nine



There was to be one more interruption in the even tenor of the day’s activities. Late that afternoon, when the kitchen maids (still inclined to giggle as they reminded one another of the defeat of the attack upon the castle, and the routing of merchant Wallace) were preparing a special evening meal for the augmented staff, word came that a message had been delivered from the village by young Colin Wallace.

“Bring the boy into the kitchen for a glass of ale,” ordered Fredricks. “I can’t disturb the major now.” While they waited to welcome young Colin, Polly spoke out.

“What’s the ol’ man about now?” fretted the girl. “Will we have to put up with him stickin’ his nose in all the time, jus’ because his son’s our new factor?”

Matilda gave her old friend a knowing glance, but her tone was casual as she asked, “Do you think Ian Wallace will make a good factor for the major, Polly?”

The girl fell easily into the gentle trap. Her small face lighted from within. “Oh, milady, I’m sure he’ll be a great success! He’s very bright; you heard the minister say that! And he’s—he’s resolute, and loyal—” Her breath failed her, but she smiled widely.

“You do not feel his war injury will hold him back?” Matilda probed for the response she expected.

Polly was almost sputtering in her eagerness to refute the possibility. “Nothing would hold Ian Wallace back from his duty,” she averred stoutly. “He’s just like the major! He’s injured in the war, too, and nothin’ holds him back!”

Then the girl caught the delighted smile on Matilda’s face, and her eyes widened. “Oh, Milady! You’ve been teasin’ me, haven’t you?”

“Let’s just say I wanted to know how you felt about our new factor,” Matilda said. “I think he’s splendid, too!”

Shaking her curly head at the underhanded methods of the aristocracy, Polly returned to her task of carrying heaping trays of food to the table. A few minutes later the servants began to assemble in the huge kitchen for the meal, accompanied by young Colin. While everyone welcomed the boy, Miss Alford related to Matilda with keen interest that the butler, the sergeant, the new factor, and the laird, in solemn conference, had decided that the great drawbridge should be raised every night just after sunset. Since this usually occurred about nine-thirty at this time of year in this area, they had had all afternoon to work upon the ancient machinery.

“Such a delightful pastime for them,” murmured the governess. “You will find, my dear child, that most men are like boys when presented with the opportunity to fiddle with anything mechanical.”

Surprisingly the drawbridge mechanism, built by a former blacksmith of great local renown, had proved to be still as sound as a nut and was quickly placed in good working order with the application of suitable grease, both fat and elbow. The whole staff seemed to feel they had gone a long way toward defending the laird’s home with this labor. Fredricks privately told Matilda and Miss Alford that a hearty cheer had risen spontaneously as the great old bridge rose slowly up to the wall.

This general spirit of congratulation was maintained throughout the excellent meal. The new factor even ventured a mild joke about having to check the accounts if such a lavish spread was to be served every night.

“Well, Major, I tried!” he said mock-solemnly.

Matilda watched her major as he deftly guided his new clan in their friendly discovery and acceptance of one another. He is wonderful, she thought, with a wistful sigh. How can I hope to be a fitting wife for such a man? He is right to have second thoughts about marrying me! She had convinced herself, during the long day, that she must say nothing to anyone, not even dear Alford, about her problem. The laird would have to make his own decisions, in his own time.

Meanwhile the major, who had finally had a moment to talk with his youngest guest, had invited the messenger to remain overnight in the castle, if he thought his mother would not be worried.

“Oh, my mother expects it,” the boy said blithely. “She even sent along a clean shirt with me, and I’m to sleep in Ian’s room, so as not to put anyone out.”

Smothering a smile—for he had wanted to be accepted as the laird, had he not? and being the laird evidently meant being responsible for all the neighborhood—Robert Bruce went off to his own suite of rooms in the North Tower. He had intended leaving the renovating of his own quarters till last, but the enthusiasm of his servants had compelled him to permit them to furbish up the laird’s rooms. Now he found the huge bedroom, the gracious sitting room, even the little cubby of a bathroom set out from the wall above the moat, to be a comfort and a place of restoration.

“I could come to love this old wreck of a castle,” the major grumbled, sinking into the laird’s chair, an enormous padded armchair he’d bought in Edinburgh, with a groan of relief. He would never show weariness before his staff, but there were times, like tonight, when his very bones seemed to ache. “I am an old man,” he thought, “too old for my lovely girl. . . .”

But he could not let such despairing thoughts weaken him. There was the letter Colin had brought. The major opened it. With a growing frown, he perused the written lines.

No! Quickly he turned to the signature. He’d never heard of the fellow. The message read:





Dear Major Bruce:

It has come to my attention that my great-uncle, William Bruce, has died, and that a search for heirs has been instituted. I know you will be delighted to hear that I am the closest in line to Laird Bruce. I have been on the Continent with my sister, which is why the lawyers were not able to find me sooner. I know you will be glad to have the wretched business of settling up the debts and arranging family affairs taken off your hands. I am setting out from Edinburgh immediately after I post this missive, and will be with you to take over at Glenholme soon after this reaches you.

Your cousin,

Hubert-Bruce-Talon





The devil you will! raged Robert Bruce. For he had realized, in that shocking moment, that he loved the old wreck of a castle with a fiercely possessive love, and would defend his right to it through rack and ruin—to the death!





Chapter Ten



Immediately after breakfast the following morning, the major called a Council-of-War. Everyone, from Fredricks to young Colin, was commanded to attend him in the Great Hall. An alarming note was struck when the major told McLeod not to lower the drawbridge until after the meeting—“for we are, in effect, under siege.”

There was a shocked silence, out of which came a wail from young Colin. “Not my Dad again?”

No one laughed. Every eye, anxiously seeking information, was trained upon the dark, set face of the master of Glenholme. For he was the master—the laird. Even the women servants could read the force of Robert Bruce’s iron determination in his stern countenance. This was not the man who had joked with them, given sly digs at the encroaching merchant, eaten at their table with them. Oh, the camaraderie was still there, but now it was buried under a grim and purposeful arrogance. The laird’s first words confirmed the truth of this.

“I wish you to share with me a piece of news that I received last night. As members of my clan—my true liege men and women—it is your right to know when our home is threatened . . . when our right to serve Glenholme is challenged. . . . ”

The Laird paused, staring around, meeting every eye. His audience hardly dared to draw a breath lest they miss a word of explanation about the threat. After a brief pause, the laird spoke again.

“I suppose I should first ask you if I have presumed too much. Are you my liege men? Is it your free will to join the clan Bruce; to swear allegiance to me as its leader and laird? I would not coerce any one of you. If you do not wish to remain here, if you do not wish to take part in the coming struggle, you have only to speak now. Be assured I shall pay your wages and give you handsel to keep you until you find another place—”

Ian Wallace’s voice rang out loud and clear in the stunted silence. “What threatens us at Castle Glenholme, Laird? We must know, if we are to be of help to you.”

There was a rising murmur of agreement, and then Matilda’s firm tones rose above it. “You know we are with you ¬ outrance, Laird Bruce,” she said.

For the first time since he had read the shocking letter the night before, Robert Bruce smiled. “And so say all of you?” he challenged. “ ‘The will to do; the soul to dare’?”

The chorus of assent rang loud.

The laird held up his hand in a gesture of triumph. Then he pulled the letter from his jacket pocket and read it out clearly, so everyone in the Great Hall could hear every word. When he finished, there was another silence. The clan seemed to be waiting for Bruce to speak. After a moment, he said, with the air of one picking up a gauntlet thrown down to challenge, “So be it! The gentleman informs me he is the true leader of our sept of the clan, the true heir of Lord Willum. Yet the men-at-law who sought me out with the news of my inheritance, who had me brought back from the hospital in Spain where I was recuperating from my wound, made no mention of another claimant. In fact, they assured me I was the only known descendant of William Robert Bruce, that all the other members of our particular branch of the family were dead. So it seems we must now decide what we are to do about this Hubert Bruce-Talon.”

“You must write at once to the men-at-law in London and inform them of this new claimant,” said Miss Alford.

“You had better retain a barrister in Edinburgh to give you quicker help,” suggested Fredricks. “Letters to London take time, and if we are to go by that screed, we haven’t any time to waste.”

“I say we keep the drawbridge up, purchase guns and bullets, and sharpen our swords,” said McLeod shortly.

Surprisingly there was a general cheer from the menservants.

The laird grinned widely. Matilda was relieved to see that the hard, drawn look had faded from his face, to be replaced by an almost boyish pleasure. It did his heart good to hear our united response to his problem, she told herself happily. He is a splendid leader, but he does not seem to realize how much loyalty he has won in this brief time.

“First,” began the laird in a much brighter voice, “we must find out whether anyone in the valley had heard of the pretender. Have any of you ever heard of a Hubert Bruce-Talon?

It seemed that no one had. “I’ll ask the Reverend Cameron when I’m in the village collecting guns and bullets,” piped up Colin Wallace eagerly.

His brother joined the general laughter but said to Major Bruce, “The boy may have a notion there, laird. Two notions. George Cameron would know, if anybody would. And we probably ought to lay in a few weapons, just in case.”

The laird studied his factor’s expression. “I believe you are hungry for action, Ian,” he commented. “But you are right. We may need all the information and other support we can get before we’re through here. And while you are in the village, I have some errands for you. First, ask your mother if Colin may act as an intelligencer for us. He can find out what the new man has to say to the villagers.”

“Good idea,” agreed the factor. “He’ll do it.” One look at the boy’s face was enough to convince them all that there was nothing the young lad would like better than to play the spy against the pretender.

Matilda had been thinking hard. “Do you intend to deny him a room here in the castle?” she asked.

Everyone stared at her. There were a few frowns. The laird said slowly, “Do you think we should open the gates to one who wishes to dispossess us?”

“I think that an impostor—which I am sure from his letter he is—is better kept here under your eye, than running loose in the village, or worse, getting himself sponsored by some of the neighborhood bigwigs. If he is under your eye, you can surely prevent him from doing you too much harm” She looked pleadingly at her enigmatic soldier, who had just recently asked her to marry him. With a sense of relief, she understood that he might not have wished to discuss so personal a matter while he was facing such a frightening challenge. She longed to assure him that she would marry him if he had only the clothes he stood up in; that she would gladly walk the roads with him, or work in an inn kitchen for him, if he cared to share his life with her. But, of course, she could not say any such thing in this council meeting. So Matilda tried to put it all into the glance she gave him.

Whether or not she was successful, she did not know, but her major gave her his wide, warm smile.

“I think Lady Matilda has a good point, do you not?” he addressed the group. “Perhaps it would be wiser to keep the pretender under our close scrutiny. I shall count on you all to treat—our guest—with courtesy, but you don’t have to cater to his whims and foibles,” he ended, with a look that set them all to chuckling.

“Now, unless anyone has a suggestion to make, we had better get our plans into action, Jem,” addressing one of the grooms he had hired in London, “I’d like you to take a letter to London to the lawyers. Ian will see you have money for the trip, and you may take a good horse. I’d like you to get there as quickly as possible.”

“Right, sir.” Jem stood up, happy to have an important task to do. “Shall I get ready right away, sir?”

“Please. I’ll have the note ready by the time you are. You will wait for their answer. Plan to stay at least two nights in London. Come to me here when you’re ready to ride.”

When Jem had left the Hall, the laird addressed the rest of his staff. “Any ideas?”

“There really is something havey-cavey about that letter,” Matilda spoke slowly. “As you said, if this man was an heir, why didn’t the lawyers mention him? Oh, I know he says he’s been on the Continent, but you were on the Continent, too, in some obscure Spanish hostel, and they found you. But it’s more than that. He seems to want you out very quickly. He’s not willing to wait for due process of law. I think he is trying to push you out or scare you away before you have time to investigate his claim. Whatever he says or does. I would not leave this castle—if I were you,” she added in a smaller voice. I hope he will not consider me presumptuous! she thought.

The laird did not seem to think any such thing. He gave her his wide smile. “You are reminding us that possession is nine points of the law,” he answered. “I believe you are right. Our pretender does seem very anxious to ‘take over,’ as he said in his letter. Let us keep him under surveillance for a while till we discover just what he’s up to. Are we all agreed on that?”

There was not a single dissenting voice. The laird then thanked them for their advice and loyalty and formally closed the Council. The liege men and women, feeling very important because the laird had shared his problem with them—and not seeing anything odd in the fact that London-born servants should suddenly find themselves part of a Scottish clan—went eagerly back to their tasks, quietly discussing the pretender and their roles in the defense of Glenholme.

When only Matilda, Miss Alford, Fredricks, and McLeod were left in the Great Hall, Major Bruce regarded them with one dark eyebrow raised quizzically. “I seem to have landed all of you in a questionable situation,” he said.

The eager partisanship of their replies must have warmed his heart, for he smiled at them as he continued ruefully. “I thank you, my special friends, but we have to consider that the pretender may be very much more to the liking of the villagers and the local gentry than ever Major Bruce was. You all know that not a single one of my neighbors has come to call upon me, which they should in all courtesy have done had they been willing to accept me as laird of Glenholme. They may all be glad to see the Sassenach put in his place—outside the walls.”

Matilda said stoutly, “You won over the villagers—at least every one who came to see you. And now that you have hired so many of them to work here, at a good salary, they will be most reluctant to see you thrust out.”

“That makes good sense, sir.” agreed Fredricks. “Perhaps this pretender’s threat is what you need to win over the nobs, just as you did the villagers.”

But the major was not sure. “Maybe this Hubert Bruce-Talon will be more to their liking than a mere major, and a crippled one at that. Some of them may even know him.”

There was a glum silence as they digested this unpalatable idea.

Then Matilda said, “Why don’t we ask them all to dinner and give them their chance to decide?”

While the other three looked at the girl in shocked surprise, the major grinned. “You are so sure they will prefer me to the pretender?” he asked gently. “So much trust is—heartwarming.” But somehow everyone realized that the opposite reaction was even more likely to occur among the hidebound old families in the district. Matilda had a horrifying vision of the Great Hall furbished for a reception—and no guests! It would be a hard hurt to live down.

“I—I hadn’t thought that anyone might refuse the laird . . .” she faltered, her eyes seeking the major’s weather-tanned countenance. It was the focus of four pairs of eyes; in fact, all concerned for his dignity and his pride.

In return, the laird fixed his loyal adherents with a gaze that had all the arrogance of a bared broadsword. He nodded once, sharply.

“I have made my decision,” he told them, hard-voiced. “No Bruce has ever avoided a challenge! All that remains is for you four to back me up. Will you agree to be guided by me in this matter?”

“Oh, yes!” breathed Matilda, her great eyes adoring the big soldier. Her admiration was so evident that the other four found themselves smiling in sympathy. Catching this reaction, the girl strove to conceal her love. Miss Alford moved to protect her too-vulnerable charge.

“It might help us to give you the assistance you desire if we knew what was this matter to which you refer,” she said crisply.

Color darkened the major’s cheeks, but his gray eyes held steady. “I intend to marry Lady Matilda Mountavon, at once, at Gretna Green, and then return with her to Castle Glenholme, where we shall have a celebration that will include the whole neighborhood—the whole county! And be damned to them if they don’t come!

Now four stunned countenances were turned to his. Unable to credit what they had just heard, they stammered, murmured, babbled, until one clear voice rose above the jangle.

“I’ll come!” vowed Matilda devoutly. “That is, I accept!”

There was a chuckle from the men as she moved toward her major, with the obvious intention of casting herself upon his manly bosom. Gone were her doubts, reservations—if she had ever had any. This was no moment for poor-spiritedness!

The major received her in his one arm, but it was the laird who pressed a chaste kiss on her brow, held her close for a moment, and then smiled grimly at their audience.

“You are aware of the problems we face,” he told them. “It shall be the duty of all of us to protect my Merielle from even a breath of calumny.”

Even Miss Alford nodded grimly at this. Perhaps more than either Fredricks or McLeod, the governess knew the frightful perils that beset the plan. Social ruin, a lifetime of rejection and scorn—and, if the pretender’s claim proved valid, not even the comfort of the major’s beloved castle would remain to them. But none of the loyal friends standing so supportively beside the major and his Merielle would have had it any other way. What a truly superb challenge!





Chapter Eleven



Only two persons accompanied the laird and his bride-to-be on the secret flight to the famous smithy at Gretna Green. Just within the border of Scotland, it had for decades been a place where runaway couples from England could be married without parental consent.

Matilda—looking, the major thought, adorable in a soft, ruffled white dress—was seated with Miss Alford, herself quite elegant in her finest costume. Facing them, the major and his faithful McLeod, immaculate in their newly furbished uniforms, had an excellent opportunity to observe the various emotions that passed across the expressive little countenance of the major’s love. Chief among these was a keen interest in everything to do with their destination.

“Will we really just clasp hands over an old anvil?” she queried. “It seems . . . rather flat.”

The major sternly repressed a laugh. “There is much more to it than that,” he instructed her. “We are required to declare, in front of witnesses, that we wish to become husband and wife.” His endearing grin could not be suppressed any longer, and he added, laughing eyes on her face, “I only hope my voice will not play me up! I should hate to wed you with a squeak!”

The two ladies stared at him in surprise. Then Matilda’s sweet smile blossomed in response to his little joke. She had never seen her big soldier so lighthearted, carefree! Did the prospect of marrying her really bring him so much joy? It was a heartening idea. Blushing a little, she asked, “Do we both say it? If we speak in unison, it won’t be so obvious if one of us squeaks.”

“A duet?” considered the major. “Should we sing? Or should we leave that to Miss Alford and McLeod?”

Even the sergeant was grinning now, and Miss Alford said, over a ripple of laughter, “I’ll have you know, Major Bruce, that I was accounted to have rather a fine soprano in my younger days. Better not tempt fate, or you may get a solo!”

In perfect accord, the foursome reached Gretna and at once sought out the smithy.

“Please forgive me for rushing matters, my darling,” the major breathed into his Merielle’s small ear. “When you are safely mine, we shall have time for refreshment and comfort, but now—!”

Since there was indeed a wary, anxious gleam in the silver eyes, Matilda made no objections to the hurried ceremony.

In the event, the major’s voice rang out clear and strong, and Matilda’s, while soft, was firm. Miss Alford, in spite of having warned herself not to become sentimental, was forced to wipe away a few tears. McLeod wrung his master’s hand with great fervency and quite amazed them all by bending his head above the bride’s hand with gallant panache.

Glenholme’s new mistress looked at her laird with eyes gleaming with happiness. “I love you,” she breathed, for his ears alone.

Her husband placed his arm around her with infinite gentleness. “As I do you,” he acknowledged softly. “Until death—and beyond.”

Even the Scottish participants, accustomed to emotional scenes of many kinds in this place, were moved by the sweetness of the little bride and the ardent sincerity of her new groom.

The major made up for the haste and lack of ceremony of the wedding by the style and richness of the marriage feast in the finest of the local inns. From somewhere he had even managed to obtain a posy of fresh flowers for his bride. Matilda cried into them. Everyone was pleased at this display of a natural and proper emotion. It was all delightful, if a trifle maudlin.

And then they had to face the return to Glenholme, with the inevitable problems and threats of disaster. For some reason, Matilda was more apprehensive than her major, who seemed to have something else on his mind. After trying to get him to discuss his strategy with her, and getting only the vaguest of irrelevant answers, she finally gave up and settled against the side of his big chest, cuddled in the curve of his strong arm against the jolting of the carriage. And fell asleep. After all, it had been an exciting day.

Over the girl’s head three pairs of eyes met. Smiles were exchanged, and a quiet joy was shared.

And then Miss Alford spoke. She began soberly, in a very low voice, so as not to disturb the sleeping girl.

“This may be the best time to introduce an important subject.” Both men fixed their gaze on her solemn face. “The marriage,” she continued. “Binding, yes. And rendered beautiful by the sincerity of the participants.” She hesitated.

“But—?” prodded the major.

“There will be talk,” the governess went on grimly. “And disapproval. The Reverend Cameron will lead the chorus.”

Unaccountably the major grinned. “I think not,” he said softly. “I have been studying the good man, remembering how he was unable to refuse me welcome when placed in the situation by the merchant. So, before we left—in fact, while you were dressing my dear wife in her bridal finery—I called upon the Reverend Cameron and told him about my dilemma. Oh, yes! the whole sordid tale of the gamester-parent, the vicious evildoer, and the wicked bargain.” The major paused, ruminating. “Cameron is a sentimental romantic under that pompous facade. He was so moved by Matilda’s plight, so incensed at the evil results of gambling, that he agreed to marry us at a good, solid Presbyterian ceremony as soon as we get back to Glenholme. He was even sure there were some family rings in the old miser Willum’s strongbox. I authorized Ian to help him find one.”

The governess and the sergeant were staring openmouthed at this Machiavellian maneuver. The major chuckled.

“Do you think I would expose our darling girl to gossip? In fact, if there is any chance that she might find herself ostracized upon my account, I shall remove her, and all of us, to some more hospitable clime. The south of England, perhaps,” he mused. “I saw some truly beautiful old homes there as McLeod and I drove up to London.”

McLeod stared at him hard. “You would remove the whole staff of us? Bring everyone to your new home?”

The major lifted an eyebrow. “Of course. They have proved loyal and eager to work. I should not think of abandoning them.”

“Even the ones who live in Glenholme village?” prodded the sergeant.

The major frowned. “I had not thought of that! I somehow considered them all as part of my household—”

“Spoken like a true laird,” teased Matilda, who, awakened by the conversation, had listened to it with enjoyment. “It is no wonder they have loyalty for you, your lairdship—” she chuckled.

“If you call me that, Wife, I shall be tempted to beat you,” growled her husband, giving her a firm hug before removing his arm with a slight wince, which did not, however, escape McLeod’s notice.

“Does your arm pain you, sir?” he demanded.

The major stretched it. “No. Just a little stiff from its long duty-watch.” The men shared a grin, as Matilda sniffed repressively, and Miss Alford made no effort to conceal a fatuous smile. Really, the man was devastating: handsome, upstanding, charming, intelligent, and every inch a man of high principles and integrity. Matilda was the luckiest girl in nature! When Miss Alford considered the alternative: the lecherous Tark; the cruel, unloving parents; even the possibility of a life as a servant in some grubby inn, she could only thank God that the major had been able and willing to rescue her darling. Miss Alford was as besotted with the major as Matilda was.





When they finally reached Castle Glenholme, they found that the Reverend Cameron had not been idle. As good as his word—or even better, thought the major with satisfaction—he had rallied the servants, the villagers, and even, wonder of wonders! had managed to dragoon the most devout of the local gentry! With who knew what appeals to Christian charity or threats of eternal perdition, grinned the soldier. The castle itself was a feast of lights: flambeaux and torches bloomed from every prominence. The drawbridge was down; the gates were open; flowers, including heather, adorned the Great Hall, where the servants were ranged in their best attire. The major and his party stopped at the entrance to the Hall, and for once in his well-controlled life, the major was at a loss for words.

His face said it all. Led unobtrusively by Fredricks, who recognized his moment, the staff broke into cheers. Cries of “Long live the laird!” and “Bruce! Bruce!” rang in the enormous vault and echoed from the beams high above. The Reverend Cameron was not far behind in leading the gentry in welcome. He trod the way toward the major’s party, now following their laird into the Great Hall. Miss Alford quickly herded her charges into a receiving line, headed by the laird, then his wife, then Ian Wallace, the laird’s factor. It was a meager line, but it would have to do, she fretted, watching Fredricks rally the servants into distributing trays full of drink for toasting the occasion and McLeod vanishing back toward the drawbridge and his patrol. She herself took up a position behind Matilda, although not in the line. And the Reverend Cameron, she was pleased to note, had taken his correct place at the major’s other shoulder, where he was in position to introduce the guests as they came to the line.

Miss Alford nodded her satisfaction. All was proceeding with due formality—not even a high stickler could object to a single feature of the performance or the setting! And her dear Matilda had been carefully drilled to take her proper role in any formal gathering. Beaming, she observed the slight, girlish figure from the back.

Matilda was so concerned that no one should find anything to the major’s disparagement that she quite forgot her own importance in this social exercise. For that reason, she gave the appearance of complete and correct self-possession, modest yet confident, such as must please even the most fastidious of persons. Her rather plain small face, whose only beautiful feature were the large dark-gold eyes, seemed lighted from within by a subtle radiance one could only call love. And each time her husband turned to make her aware of a new personage, her soft, rosy mouth broke into a smile that was very appealing.

The wife of the MacDonnell, who had had reservations about her husband’s excess of Christian charity in welcoming an English upstart, found herself melting under the dazzling warmth of a white smile in a dark soldier’s face. She then succumbed completely to the open innocence in the child-bride’s countenance. This was no toplofty Sassenach, no wily female, but a well-behaved child obviously devoted to her tall, gallant groom. Lady Margaret at once forgave her spouse and the Reverend Cameron, who had required her presence here to celebrate the marriage. Glancing back for her husband, Margaret MacDonnell saw him clasping the one hand of the new laird, without embarrassment. The older woman smiled. Her husband, while no noddy, was not a particularly sensitive man. Still, he accepted that one brown hand with no indication in his manner that he was carefully favoring a crippled man. She looked again at the laird of Glenholme. Without knowing it, she chose the very word Miss Alford has selected earlier: integrity. It meant complete, whole, as well as upright, honest, and sincere. This new laird was a very different proposition from old Willum. Even with one arm, he was a very complete man!

This, indeed, seemed to be the opinion of most of the guests as they allowed themselves to be marshaled onto chairs to witness the wedding ceremony. They all seemed relieved that they had not been brought on a wild-goose chase by the Reverend Cameron. Their doubts and objections had been lessened by the evident breeding and impeccable courtesy of their host and his bride. And possibly also, a little, by the generous potations being offered by the servants. Before there could be time for second thoughts or a more stringent analysis of the situation, the Reverend Cameron had summoned them to witness the wedding of Robert Bruce, laird of Glenholme, and Lady Matilda Mountavon, spinster, of the parish of London.





Chapter Twelve



So they were married, the major and his Merielle.

After the brief ceremony, the guests gathered around the laird’s table and enjoyed the elegant and satisfying repast that Fredricks and Polly had planned. Matilda, sampling the delicious food, was proud of her loving servants, who had worked so hard and so well to do her honor. Glancing around the table, she could see that all the guests were relishing the viands and especially the liquors they were plied with by the cheerful servants.

Lady Margaret, seated on the other side of the laird, leaned over to address the bride. “Your husband is to be congratulated,” she said pleasantly. “I have seldom enjoyed such gracious hospitality, and never before at Castle Glenholme.”

“I think the castle itself enjoys having its new laird,” Matilda said romantically. “It truly welcomed us as we came in tonight.”

Lady Margaret was willing to forgive such sentimentality in a new bride. “This happy occasion does seem to signal the beginning of a new and brighter period for Glenholme,” her ladyship admitted. “That horrid old creature Willum Bruce offended every person in the county. You will find many who refuse to acknowledge you,” she warned.

Her husband leaned his heavy, ponderous body forward to engage in the conversation. “Took a scunner to the auld miser, all of us did,” he confirmed his wife’s comment. “The auld limmer seemed to take pleasure in putting folks’ backs up.”

“I should venture to say that he was universally hated,” the Reverend Cameron confirmed soberly. He sighed.

Lady Margaret said crisply, “He made the name of Bruce anathema in the county.”

“In Scotland? I cannot accept that!” teased the major with a laugh.

Both the MacDonnells smiled reluctantly. “Well, at least he diminished this sept of the clan,” said Lady Margaret.

“Do not tell me that I, innocent of his crimes, must pay for the old rascal’s sins, milady,” coaxed the major, with his charming smile white in the weather-darkened face. “After all, I never even met the man!”

This was brought out with such a boyish air of protest that even the dourest of his visitors were forced to chuckle. It seemed that the new laird was in a fair way to wiping out the transgressions of his predecessor.

Fredricks signaled the menservants to refill the guests’ glasses and himself presented the delicious bride’s cakes the maids had prepared. The evening became a huge success, so much so that the laird, ever mindful of his reputation in the district, sent outriders with every carriageful of guests, to make sure they found their way home without injury. Even the temperate cleric was happy to have a guide.





When the last guest had rather reluctantly departed, the laird called his servants to him. “I must thank you, one and all, for this superb celebration of my marriage. I should like to give you all a holiday tomorrow, but I am reminded that the pretender may arrive at our gates, and I need your support.” His smile took in every member of the group. “So we shall have to man our battlements, I am afraid, but let there be no special housekeeping efforts made. Just a resampling of these tasty goodies with which you have supplied us so generously and the merest dust and polish of the Great Hall and the room the claimant will have.”

He interrupted himself with a disarming grin. “I seem to be setting up a regular duty roster! So much for my idle words about a much-deserved holiday! I promise you, you will not go unrewarded, whatever happens. Thank you, and good night!”

He offered his arm to Matilda with a loving, supportive gesture, and the girl took it gladly. She was dazed with weariness, love, and a certain suppressed excitement. No one, not even Miss Alford, had fully explained to her the intricacies of the ritual that she would be sharing with her dear laird in a few minutes. Rather anxiously she peered up into his beloved dark face.

He looked very tired. It had been a long and demanding day and an exhausting evening. Her laird had carried it off gallantly, but she knew it had not been easy, and her heart swelled with concern and love.

“Soon you will be resting in your bed, dear Robert,” she whispered, not wanting any ears but his to hear her. “I shall do all I can to ease and comfort you!”

She had apparently said the right thing. Her husband’s face at once took on a brightness, an expression of alert happiness and expectancy. He stared down into the small, weary face, then gave her a tender glance as he guided her into the North Tower and thence to his rooms. The girl hardly realized where they were going until he closed the huge door gently behind them. Then she roused herself enough to stare around.

“Oh, this is very nice,” she sighed. Hendricks had indeed outdone himself. There was a good fire in the great fireplace; the room was fragrant with the scents of heather and lavender. On the massive four-poster, the hangings were fresh and the covers crisp and clean.

The laird led his little bride to the bed. When she halted beside it, she looked up into his strong features with trust and loving expectation.

“You will have to instruct me, dear Robert . . . Bruce.” She smiled.

The man caught her slight form to his chest with a hard arm. Smiling down into her uplifted face, he said, “I see you have learned your first lesson well, dear wife,” and put his lips softly against the enchanting pout. Matilda melted against his hard body with utter satisfaction.

Her husband watched the contented little face with tenderness. Then he undressed her deftly, with reverence and consideration. As he proceeded, Matilda’s eyes opened drowsily. She observed her condition, frowned, glanced quickly up at the major, and then relaxed again.

The major set his jaw. She was so adorable, so enticing—so trusting! He only hoped he had enough control to make this night the beautiful experience he wanted for her. Did she really know nothing? Was the little whispered offer in the Great Hall merely a comforting gesture because of his own tiredness? He hugged her for a moment, not trying to continue his task of undressing her or to speak to her. The great golden eyes were hidden under heavy lids; the rosy mouth was softly pouted as it was when she said his name. Squaring his shoulders, the major accepted his fate.

“My dearest girl, do you think you can rouse yourself enough to wash, and don your nightgear? I believe Miss Alford has had it placed on the bed.”

Matilda blinked, looked up at him, and stifled a yawn.

The laird grinned. “Get into bed, you little wretch!” he said lovingly. “I’ll wash myself and come to you shortly. And then I think there are some things I must explain to you—my dearest wife.”

But when he came back to her ten minutes later, Matilda was fast asleep. The major stood looking down at her for a long time, his eyes infinitely tender. Then, sighing, he got into bed beside her quietly and fell asleep with his arm around her.





Chapter Thirteen



The following day everyone in the castle was prepared to repel invaders—and nothing happened. When evening came and the drawbridge was raised safely for the night, the laird told his retainers, who had been waiting as tensely as he for the descent of the pretender, that they must all be thankful for the time of grace. Later, however, he confided to his little love that he would welcome the arrival of Hubert Bruce-Talon.

“Just to get the business over with,” he confessed wryly. “Before the battle begins is always the worst time. When the lines are drawn and one’s strength committed, then idle fears and fancies are easily forgotten in the excitement of action.”

“Waiting is hard,” agreed Matilda in a very small voice.

Her big husband scanned the small, forlorn face with dawning understanding. “It has been a dreadfully flat wedding-after day for you, my dearest, has it not?” he commiserated softly, taking her into his arms and leading her to his big chair before the fire. “Come here, wife, and let me love you!”

Matilda sank onto his lap with a sigh of relief. “It has been a bit lonely,” she admitted. “Miss Alford and I realized that nothing in the way of—of a honeymoon could be considered as long as this threat hangs above us all. You cannot wish any harder than I do that the creature Hubert will come and go quickly!”

Although he knew how serious the matter was and had no wish to treat it lightly, the major was forced to smile at his love’s obvious impatience. You failed to make her your own last night, he reminded himself. This wretched fellow threatens your happiness. Secure your territory tonight, lest the battle be joined tomorrow and another day be lost! He tightened his arm around the soft, fragrant little figure on his lap and hugged her close.

First placing a hard kiss upon the rosy lips—to state his claim—the major said quietly, “You say you and Miss Alford discussed the honeymoon today?”

The great soft, golden eyes looked up at him. “She asked me some questions that I did not understand exactly. They had to do with my comfort . . .” She broke off, disconcerted by the intent gaze of her big soldier.

“I know what she was referring to,” he said gently. “I am only sorry that I had not been before her in instructing you—that is, in showing you—how much your love means to me.” This is deuced awkward, the soldier thought, but it has to be done. Oh, my dearest little love, I want it to be perfect for you!

Gripping his courage firmly, he refreshed himself with one more kiss and began, “When a man and woman are married—when they love each other as we do, they wish to share each other in every possible way.”

“Mmmm!” agreed the girl blissfully, reaching up to taste his hard lips.

The major took a deep breath. “One of the things they share is the joy of their bodies. They lie down together and become one.” The man could feel sweat beading his forehead. This was harder than facing the villagers and the pretender combined. This was harder than Waterloo! He took a deep breath and continued, meeting the wide, loving, innocent gaze. “They undress and go to bed together and make love!”

There! It was out. He stared anxiously down into the absorbed small face. “Do you understand, my dearest heart?”

Matilda nodded happily. “Just as we did last night,” she agreed.

The major groaned deeply in his chest. “No, my dearest. Last night you were fast asleep when I came to you. You looked so small and weary and peaceful that I had not the heart to waken you.”

Matilda considered this thoughtfully. Finally she nodded. “I see. There are things we must do when we are together sharing your lovely big bed. And last night you were sorry for me and did not rouse me to do them.”

The major groaned again, this time less violently. She was not stupid, his little love, but how could she comprehend matters that no one had ever discussed with her?

His wife surprised him. “We are neither of us asleep now, dear Robert. And the pretender cannot enter our castle until we lower the drawbridge. I think it is time you taught me the things that will enable us to share our love fully.” She gave him her wide, lovely smile and put her arms around the strong column of his neck.

“Dear Robert! I cannot wait! I insist you begin at once!”

Groaning once again, this time with delight, her gallant major began to teach his adoring recruit all the secrets he knew—and found that the wonder of them increased a thousand fold in the teaching.





It was as well for the laird that this most important campaign was so brilliantly successful, for he needed all his confidence and strength the following day. Just after noon a servant came running with the word that a traveling chaise had been sighted upon the road to the castle. Matilda, who had been inspecting the burnished and beautiful Great Hall with him, turned her anxious attention to his beloved person. He was wearing his finest kilt and the dress jacket, which set off his big torso so well. Sporran; knee stockings; the skean dhu showing above the stocking top, even the plaid neatly draped over his shoulder to conceal the missing arm—all was as it should be.

“You are beautiful, my love,” breathed the girl. “You will win your battles, my Bruce!”

Bending to place a swift kiss upon her rosy lips, the soldier strode briskly out to the wide stone steps of the entrance. His men were in their places behind the wall. Only McLeod and Factor Wallace, immaculate in new kilts, stood at his back. As the drawbridge was lowered, the major said softly, “He cannot take from us what we will not surrender. ‘The will to do; the soul to dare’! We shall hold fast!”

Their growls of agreement were in his ears as the chaise pulled in under the arch and up to the steps.

It was a mediocre vehicle, the major thought loftily. Four wheels, two horses. It had the look of a hired carriage. Then his eyes widened in surprise at the golden youth who opened the door and swung out onto the stones of the courtyard. He was slight and smiling and elegantly dressed—and the most beautiful man the major had ever seen. Wide blue eyes, gently curling golden hair: features whose flawless molding caught the eye and held it. If this was the pretender, he was a formidable adversary! Doffing a modish hat in a sweeping bow to the major, he called out,

“I am Hubert Bruce-Talon, at your service! You must be the major?”

The soldier walked slowly down to extend his hand to the claimant. The clasp was brief and, on the youth’s part, weak. Quickly disengaging his hand, Hubert turned back to the chaise and held out his arms. From the dark interior emerged a woman as beautiful in her way as the man was in his.

“My sister, Désirée,” Hubert said proudly. “She has come to share my good fortune with me as I claim my inheritance!”





Matilda, hovering anxiously in the shadows just inside the Hall, stared with dismay at the modish pair standing in the sunlight. The woman was so beautiful! No ordinary female, not even a wife, could hope to compete with that much style and dazzling good looks. And the pretender was so young and handsome—and so sure of himself! “Claim my inheritance,” he had said—and laughed confidently. Matilda moved forward to hear how Robert would reply to that blatant claim.

The major was executing a formal bow.

“This is—a pleasant surprise,” he was saying calmly, in his deep voice. “I bid you welcome to Castle Glenholme. Sergeant McLeod, will you see that one of the men shows Mr. Talon’s groom to the stables? Now, Miss Talon, Mr. Talon, you must come in and meet my Lady.”

Matilda had noted the quick frown that had moved like a shadow across the golden countenance of the pretender. But at the major’s last words, the frown was replaced by a blank look. Shock? Matilda pressed closer, eyes straining.

“Your . . . lady?” For the first time, the beautiful woman spoke. From those flawless lips issued a voice a trifle shrill, speaking in an accent much less elegant than her costume. “Your mother is here?”

“My Lady wife,” the Major corrected her gently. “When I received your brother’s letter, I had hoped you might arrive in time to attend our wedding.”

As he spoke, the big soldier preceded his uninvited guests into the Great Hall, and so missed the dagger-sharp glances they exchanged. Matilda, however, advancing to meet the Talons with as much aplomb as she could summon up, did catch the exchange and felt the first deep prickle of doubt. She had said that she considered the pretender a rogue, up to no good, but she had not actually accepted the reality and the ramifications of such a deception. In all her lonely, too-sheltered eighteen years, she had had nothing to do with the ploys and deceptions of the “polite world,” and even less with true criminal behavior. Then, a few moments ago, the golden, boyish presence of the claimant had seemed to deny the possibility of double-dealing. But there was nothing innocent nor youthful about that hard, silent interchange, and in a sickening flash of fear, Matilda was forced to accept that the threat was real, not an interesting game. It appeared that in real life, criminals did not all come in recognizable guises. She should never have insisted that the major welcome these creatures into the castle, making them free of the very heart of the defenses that should have been erected against them! But there was no time for second thoughts or even for devising plans. She must leave all that to her major and hope that he had not been taken in by the boyish charm of the pretender or the blatant good looks of his sister. If she really was his sister! Matilda pettishly thought, angry at her own stupidity as much as at the ticks of the deceivers.

The major was introducing them to her, and she forced herself to greet them with at least a semblance of courtesy. “I bid you welcome to Castle Glenholme,” she found herself saying pompously.

She was quickly made aware of the force arrayed against her. Désirée Talon—if that truly was her name!—made a stylish curtsy and smiled coldly into Matilda’s face.

“Why, I thank you, milady. And hope to have the opportunity of returning your welcome later, after my brother has taken his rightful place here as the laird.”

The men most directly involved in the undeclared battle seemed uncomfortable with this open declaration of hostilities, for each of them turned to his female adherent with a cautioning glance. The major placed his arm gently about his wife’s shoulders and said with a tender smile, “Ever loyal! Shall we ask Miss Alford to show our guests to the South Tower, my love? I am sure they will wish to refresh themselves after their journey.”

The pretender had taken Désirée’s arm in one hand and was urging her in the direction indicated by the major.

“You show yourself a worthy guardian of my estates,” he said smoothly. “I had been told that the old building was a ruin, but I see you have worked wonders. I am grateful and will make suitable recompense—when things are settled.”

The major’s grin reassured Matilda. “Yes, there must be due recompense—when things are settled,” he agreed softly.

As the Talons prepared to follow the imperturbable Miss Alford, Désirée favored the major with a long, sultry stare and a slow smile. Matilda felt a pang of panic deeper than the one that had oppressed her at her first sight of the interlopers. The major will handle them, she encouraged herself. Unless, he is seduced by that—creature! Her self-confidence, never strong as the unvalued, unloved daughter of Mountavon, was dangerously threatened by the delectable Désirée. What man could resist her? As her anxious eyes met the steady silver glow of her husband’s, she denied her treacherous weakness and caught at his hand.

“I am sure they are thieves,” she whispered urgently. “And that woman wants you! I should never have urged you to bring them into the castle.”

The major considered this. Was there a . . . sparkle in his eyes? wondered Matilda. He said, “Yes, there is something very double-faced about our visitors. Tricksy, as our Scots friends would say. But aren’t they the handsome ones! Miss Désirée is enough to make a sailor blush, with that leer she gave me as she left us!” He rolled his eyes ridiculously. “I hope you are jealous, milady?”

Their shared laughter eased the sharp pain in the girl’s breast. Her husband continued seriously, “Still, her overblown beauty and Talon’s air of boyish charm will exert an influence upon the diehard gentry who have refused to accept me. It’ll give them a way out. We’d better ask the pretty Talons about their background.”

“Do you think they’ll tell us the truth?” Matilda frowned. “I cannot believe it. They undoubtedly have some story ready to spread abroad that will completely establish them and discredit us.”

Her husband was smiling down into her small, concerned face. “But that will give us something to work on—even if it is only to prove them liars,” he murmured. “Why are we wasting time in talk of the creatures? I have hardly had an opportunity to bid you good morning today, much less to tell you how much I love you, darling Mrs. Bruce.” He kissed her sweetly. “And how much I appreciate your loyalty and your wisdom.”

“Wisdom?” the girl mocked herself. “I shall be thankful if I have not ruined everything with my childish suggestions! Have you a plan to discredit them?” She peered hopefully up into his darkly tanned visage.

The major favored her with the wide, white grin she found so devastating. “A plan? Perhaps. Or maybe I should just permit them to bring about their own doom. What’s that good old phrase? Hoist with their own petard?”

Matilda’s heart sank. What sort of a strategy was that? To allow the wretched creatures to work their will without let or hindrance? But when she said as much to her major, he merely chuckled and told her he had important work for her to do.

Comforted, she demanded to know what it was.

The daft fellow merely grinned at her and murmured provocatively, “Say my name!”

At her involuntary scowl of annoyance, he threw his head back in a shout of laughter and kissed her so hard she forgot all her worries for a few delirious moments.

Her big new husband scanned her love-drugged expression with approval. “That’s ma braw wee lassie!” he drawled in a broad Scots burr. “Ye mun keep that same besotted look upon yer bonnie little phiz, an’ I’ll no compleen!” He kissed her once more, with a very proprietary air.

With horror, Matilda realized that her husband was enjoying this dangerous situation.





Chapter Fourteen



When Matilda realized that her darling feckless husband was treating the very real menace of the usurping Talons with such lightheartedness, she sent at once for Miss Alford. Luckily that good woman had just returned from establishing the pretenders in their luxurious suites of rooms. As she heard this report, Matilda’s frown darkened.

“It irks me to see such persons fussed over,” she grumbled. “The South Tower, forsooth! That’s the place for the women of Glenholme!” She caught the expression on Miss Alford’s face and continued hastily, “It will make so much work for the maids! I have no doubt it will take the full time of one of them to look after these creatures.”

“As I see it, it will take at least two,” Miss Alford surprised her. “Full-time. Spying,” she concluded triumphantly. “And Fredricks assigned a valet for Hubert.”

Matilda could only be amazed and delighted at this evidence of double-dealing on the part of her faithful governess and butler. “But will that be enough?” she wondered. “Just watching them? Surely they will not betray themselves in front of our own people?”

Miss Alford gave a very wicked smile. “Just think of all the times they’ll be out of their rooms,” she gloated. “Nuncheons, luncheons, teatime, dinners! To say nothing of tours around the countryside—the list is endless! A good maidservant can have every drawer and cabinet opened for inspection before the cat can lick its ear! To say nothing of every portmanteau.” She came closer and lowered her voice. “As a matter of fact, I already have my doubts about the Talons. Not at all the thing, their luggage. And her clothes, while beautiful and —daring—are not such as one would expect from the sister of a lord.” She nodded portentously. “No, Milady, even if we accept that they have made a hurried journey from the Continent, and even that they may not have been well off while living or traveling there, we are still faced with a wardrobe unsuitable for the sort of persons they claim to be.”

This partisan announcement depressed rather than encouraged Matilda. It was clear that Miss Alford was completely devoted to her mistress and her new master, but utter devotion often blinds one to hazards, the girl thought desperately. Miss Alford was forgetting that the Talons would be trying to consolidate themselves with the local gentry. And which of that group, already deeply prejudiced against the English upstart and observing the coaxing charm of the golden youth and the desirable Désirée, would note or even care that her wardrobe was scanty and of questionable quality? They’ll be too busy looking at those eyes, and that painted mouth, and that lustrous golden hair, to notice anything else! Well, honesty compelled her to make a reluctant addition, her more than bounteous figure, too!

Matilda set her small jaw belligerently. There must be something she could do! While she tried to think what it could be, she must not neglect to appreciate the loyalty of her old friends. “Thank you, Alfer,” she used her childish form of her governess’s name. “I’m sure the major, with our help, will find a way out of this mess.” But the light in her fine amber eyes was not confident but anxious.

At this same time, McLeod was reporting to the major.

“It’s a job-carriage, sir, and a cheap one at that. The jarvey who handles the reins is a sullen clod, and I couldn’t get much out of him, except he was hired on in London to bring the Talons up here, and a precious hard bargain they drove. He says he hasn’t been paid yet.”

“Good,” said the major. “Then he may be amenable to reason,” and he rubbed his thumb and two fingers together suggestively.

McLeod scowled. “He’s afraid of them, it seems,” he admitted. “I find it hard to ken, but that smarmy yellow-headed boy seems to have put the fear into the jarvey.”

The major’s eyebrows rose, “Another surprise! Our darling boy can frighten his hired coachman! I see I must study our pretender more carefully.”

“You do that, sir,” advised McLeod soberly. “He’s got a lot at stake here. But then, so do we.”

On the basis of that last word, the major clapped his faithful sergeant on the shoulder and strolled from the room. McLeod stared after the tall, well-set-up figure and shook his head. The major took serious matters too lightly. But then, McLeod would never forget the lighthearted smile with which the big soldier had leaned down from his saddle and scooped the sergeant out of the way of the charging French cavalryman, accepting on his own left arm the sabre-blow meant for McLeod’s unwary head.





Dinner that night was splendidly formal. The servants had outdone themselves. Matilda watched the faces of the Talons carefully and was pleased to observe that although they tried not to show it, they were impressed. Fredricks kept the wines and stronger liquors flowing. The major seemed to be indulging as freely as Hubert Talon, but Matilda was aware that although Fredricks bent over his glass with the different bottles, he did not always allow much to flow into the crystal.

Matilda focused her scrutiny upon the gorgeous Désirée. If the woman had been attending a formal dinner at the Palace, she would not have dressed finer, was the girl’s disgruntled thought. Suddenly her own wardrobe, so carefully chosen by Miss Alford in Edinburgh at the major’s generous insistence, seemed very ingénue and colorless compared with the opulent richness and dramatic colors of Désirée’s garments. How can he resist her? wondered a despondent Matilda, noticing the thrusting curves of the older woman’s bosom, openly displayed by the low-cut gown. He is accustomed to straightforward dealing with men on a field of battle, not coping with the tricks of devious witches and playacting cheats. She ground her teeth in helpless fury. The pretender—the adversary—had all the appearance of a charming youth—golden, ingenuous, open. For the major to move harshly against such a vulnerable target would brand him a cruel brute in the eyes of the neighbors. How would her dearest major conduct this uneven contest? Matilda took an unaccustomed deep draught of the wine in her glass and choked over it She looked up to meet the amused, understanding glance in those wonderful silver eyes.

The major had already revised his earlier plans and was committed to a new strategy. It had taken him even less time than it had Matilda to realize that the Talons presented a real threat of an expected nature. This would be no open conflict, fairly fought. It would probably not be allowed by the Talons to come to a decent legal battle in which even the winner might have to wait years for the decision and pay handsomely for it as well. No, the major did not believe that the Talons had a real legal claim. There was none of the triumphant citing of facts: dates, names, supporting details, which surely would already have been given if the claim were a legitimate one. No, Major Bruce thought, I have to deal here with a couple of very sharp swindlers, but they have weapons that can wound me—and my darling girl—in ways that may never heal. If, for example, they ever discovered the business at Gretna Green! Or found out that Matilda’s parents had not sanctioned the marriage—were completely ignorant of it! While no one could get the marriage annulled, a determined enemy could certainly destroy the reputation and consequence of Robert Bruce in the county. There were too many important people who had still not accepted the upstart Englishman as the laird of Glenholme. Any charges or disclosure the Talons made would, no doubt, be eagerly welcomed and used by the local powers.

The major took a refreshing sip of his great-uncle Willum’s best brandy. Fredricks had protected him all through dinner against overindulgence, which might weaken his resistance and cause him to make some stupid mistake, while at the same time the wily butler had plied the Talons with the most persuasive liquors in the castle cellars. To little obvious avail, the major decided. While the golden-haired pretender was a trifle red-faced, his speech was still clear and his eye as cold and wary as ever.

Major Bruce made his decision. It was not for a wary, knowledgeable soldier to advance fiercely, blindly, against an obviously weak boy. That was how Saxon Harold had lost his life and his kingdom to the conquering William of Normandy: running madly downhill after an apparently retreating force. No, Major Bruce would meet his antagonist on his own field. The major grimaced wryly at his own arrogance in thinking he might outcharm, “outvulnerable,” the golden youth. Then he took a clear glance at the flushed boyish face. And was pleased to note a soft pouching beneath the wide blue eyes and some heavy lines pulling at the rosy mouth. Rosy? Dear lord, thought the major with unholy glee, the fellow’s painted his face! So much for ingenuous youth!

It was as heartening a sight as the arrival of a relief battalion at the crux of a battle.

It was gradually discernible that the major had either had too much to drink or that he was in the grip of another, less acceptable emotion. Even the servants noted his gallant attentiveness toward the delectable Désirée. Matilda, unwilling to believe and yet forced to accept the coming to life of her darkest fears, made a covert scrutiny of the woman’s brother.

Hubert Talon, by now darkly flushed by the potations he had downed, appeared to be wholly delighted with his sister’s success in enchanting the redoubtable soldier. He made a few unsubtle innuendos, which brought him a minatory glance from Désirée and a most usurping announcement from her that the ladies would now leave the table and that her brother had better come with her to their rooms, since he was obviously overtired from his journey.

The major was interested to note that Hubert, after one brief angry glance at Désirée, had risen as she suggested and made his rather stumbling good nights. Definitely a pair of rascals, decided the soldier, and the woman perhaps the stronger. At least he respects her judgment so far. Well, we shall have to see.

Matilda was not at all annoyed that the woman Désirée had usurped her right as hostess to give the signal for the ladies to rise. She was so thankful to have her susceptible major removed from the hideous spell of the seductress that she could hardly manage to reply to the good nights or wait until the pretenders had been escorted out of the Great Hall to their rooms by a servant with a lighted candle. When they were at last gone, she turned upon the major with scarcely concealed hurt.

“How could you cater to that woman?” she demanded. “You were practically kissing her with your eyes!”

Her major grinned disconcertingly. “Was I, then?” he teased. “A difficult trick, surely? Let us go up to our room and practice it, milady. And some other tricks I thought of during this very boring dinner.”

His wife looked at him askance. Was he teasing, or drunk? She had never had occasion to observe the behavior of a drunken man and so had nothing to compare his actions and speech with. And yet, if he were intoxicated, it had scarcely changed his normal behavior. Perhaps he was one of those she had heard Polly speak of, who could hold their liquor.

She sighed deeply, unaware how revealing her small, anxious face was.

The major smiled down at her. “This is one of the times when I most deeply regret losing my arm,” he whispered. “What I should like to do now is to sweep you in a close—a very close—embrace and bear you up to my bed like a veritable Ajax! Instead of which I may have to ask for your assistance on the stairs.”

Not knowing whether or not to believe her exasperating, playacting spouse, Matilda was still unable to ignore the laughing plea in those warm silver eyes. With a little groan, she placed her arm securely around his big torso and pulled him close to her. Then she impelled them both toward the stairs. He let her hold him all the way to their room, even forcing her to manipulate the two of them through the door and close it after them. When, flushed and concerned, she brought him to a halt beside the huge bed, she looked up into his face to judge his condition. The rogue was laughing!

Before she could burst into an angry tirade, he tipped her gently onto their bed and covered her with his body.

For some reason, Matilda failed to demand the explanations she had fully decided must be given to her that night.





Chapter Fifteen



Matilda awoke late the following morning, ready to resume whatever sort of dialogue the major desired to initiate. To her dismay, he was not beside her. She considered this, meanwhile stretching luxuriously. It was possible that he had merely gone to order that food be brought to their bedroom to break their fast. A delicious thought! Or, perchance, having acquired a sense of his lairdly duty during the night, he had gone to keep an unobtrusive eye upon the activities of his self-invited guests. This thought should have comforted her. Instead she found herself feeling resentful of his absence from her side, and wishing the pretenders in Jericho or some other suitably distant area.

With a sigh for her own folly, Matilda rose, bathed from the bowl on the ancient chest, and donned a fresh and charming gown. She brushed her hair until it shone, telling herself rather shrewishly that at least its undistinguished chestnut brown was natural and not the result of foreign dyes. As she descended to the smaller dining room, where family breakfast was usually served, Matilda marveled at her own powers of observation. She had not consciously decided that the woman’s rather brassily shining hair was unnatural, yet the knowledge was there, the result of female intuition, no doubt! Rather smugly she wondered how anyone could have been deceived, even for a moment.

Armed with righteous disapproval and ready for the fray, Matilda found it a matter of some disappointment to discover that her only opponent was the childish Hubert. He greeted her cheerfully enough, but then proceeded to lose his advantage by informing her, with odious satisfaction, that her husband had taken Désirée for a tour of the castle.

Matilda surprised herself by the venomous sweetness of her answer. “Should it not have been you, as the supposed heir of Willum, who should have been given the tour? Or is it actually your sister who is the heir? She seems to have you under her control.”

Both Matilda and the pretender were momentarily shocked by this blatant evidence of ill will from those soft, rosy lips. Hubert recovered first. The girl felt a frisson of alarm at the glare of vicious anger that flashed briefly over those perfect features. Suddenly the girl revised her estimate of her tablemate. This was no boy, but a devious and angry man. Hard lines grooved down from the flawless nose to bracket the lips; the wide, guileless blue eyes were narrowed and hostile.

Well, she told herself, striving for a grip on her fear, I always knew he was a charlatan, impostor, thief. But I did not understand just what a clever actor he is. That open, beautiful face concealed vicious greed; the boyish charm concealed a scheming man. Her fleeting glimpse of his true nature brought back all her alarm and shook her confidence in the major’s ultimate victory. This had become one of those heroic contests about which Miss Alford had read to her: Cyclops challenging Ulysses; Charybdis stealing from Hercules; Medusa, the female monster, paralyzing every hero who dared to face her! The frightened thoughts raced on. Bravely she stole another glance at the male monster, only to observe the boyish, charming smile that was his habitual mask.

“It would seem that you must have had a rather disturbed night, Mrs. Bruce.” His insinuating leer probed at her pale countenance. “Does it worry you that your new husband is so powerfully attracted to my sister? You must not let jealousy overcome you! My dear Désirée is forever enchanting men with her beauty and wit! She really cannot help it!” He shook his golden head in humorous dismay. Then, with another sly grin, he said softly, “Much better for the safety of your marriage to get Mr. Bruce back to England very quickly. Then you will be able to keep your husband, at least.”

From somewhere deep inside her, she drew enough courage to smile.

“Thank you for your advice, Mr. Talon . . . if that is really your name. My husband’s lawyers are carefully researching your claim, although you and your encroaching sister have not actually made one worthy of the name, have you? No documents offered to validate your statements? I wonder just what sort of noddies you consider us to be? As for my marriage, I have no need to feel alarm. My husband is an honorable man.” Her scornful glance said all that her words had not, concerning her opinion of Hubert Talon’s integrity.

The major, who had returned from the tour during this impassioned speech and was standing unnoticed in the open doorway, was torn between admiration, love, and a desire to turn the little firebrand over his knee. Talk about a lioness defending her mate! To say nothing of throwing down battle gages! To say nothing of throwing the cat among the pigeons! He grinned at his metaphors, as badly jumbled as his emotions. The little idiot had precipitated matters, brought the conflict into the open prematurely, perhaps disastrously. Yet even in the midst of his annoyance at his Matilda’s too-hasty speech, the major realized that the tactical error had been his. He should have shared his information and his strategy with his junior officers, to prevent just this kind of over-eager loyalty, which might wreck his whole plan of campaign.

Then, strolling into the room on the heels of Matilda’s dramatic defense, he caught a glimpse of the fury that writhed across Talon’s face, twisting his features momentarily into a vicious mask. It was such a flash as Matilda had seen and been frightened by. The major knew he must divert that fury toward himself at all costs. His love-valiant little wife cold never hope to win over such an unprincipled antagonist.

He coughed gently.

“Having a lovely breakfast?” he queried mildly, and then almost lost his poise to a gust of ironic laughter at the look of shocked surprise that his inanity evoked on the antagonists’ faces. Closing his lips firmly against such a self-betrayal, he strolled over to the table and bent to plant a firm kiss on Matilda’s cheek before he took his own seat at the table. He used that gesture to mutter a dire “Shut up!” in the girl’s ear.

As he sat down, he bestowed a benign, lairdly smile upon his silenced table companions. The ridiculous elements in the situation, as always, clearly perceived by the major’s rather off-center view of life and his fellow man, made it hard for him to concentrate at first. Then his years of military and self-discipline served him.

“Your beautiful sister enjoyed our tour of the castle, I think,” he began innocently enough.

The pretender was back in control of his own emotions. “I knew she would!” he smiled ingenuously. “I told her to be sure to pay special attention, since she will be the mistress of the castle very shortly.” Then, before his audience could make a comment, he went on, “I have instructed the butler to send out invitations in my name to all the local bigwigs, to meet the new laird and bid farewell to the good soldier who has worked so hard to prepare my inheritance for me. I mentioned that they must rally round the Sassenach at this hour to ease his natural disappointment. We’ll all give you a hearty send-off.”

“That was neatly done,” nodded the major. “Quick, too. Hit the enemy before he knows he’s engaged. It would appear to deal with all your problems in one—ah—fell swoop.” He grinned tauntingly. “I would congratulate you, sir, upon your—ah—skill, except that your Désirée has already informed me that she gave those exact orders to my butler. It seems that she is the force to be reckoned with in this battle.” His patronizing smile was enough to scorch the skin on any antagonist Matilda thought fearfully. Why was he rushing so recklessly into this encounter?

“We shall have to see which of the three of us is the stronger, shall we not?” hissed the pretender, his boyish charm quite erased by his anger. Then he made a stumbling recovery. “In any event, whichever of us gave the order, the invitations have already been sent!” And let us see how you get out of that, his sneer said.

The major grinned. “When Fredricks brings me word of your presumptuous message, which, being the well-trained and loyal servant that he is, he inevitably will do, I shall of course order him to carry out the plan,” he shocked both his hearers by saying.

“You will—?” Talon was unable to prevent the astonished words.

“I will,” mocked the major. “While you have been so busy, I have not been idle. After all, you did give me over a weeks notice of your intent to capture the castle. Rather poor tactics, my boy,” the soldier went on with odious smugness. “Better warn your Désirée that a good general does not inform his enemy of his most telling moves in advance.”

This was too much to be borne. “It was not Désirée who dictated that letter—it was I!”

“My compliments to the lady,” the major quipped insultingly. “I shall give her credit for having a little common sense.” He rose and offered his arm to Matilda. “I have missed you this morning, my dear,” he said with such sincerity that the girl’s heart began to beat faster. “Let us go for a stroll.”

Without a backward glance at the discomfited Hubert, the major led his wife from the room.

When they were safe from surveillance, Matilda breathed, “I am afraid.”

“Where is my stouthearted clanswoman?” teased the major; but his voice was gentle. “My mighty battle-maid?”

“They terrify me—both Talons,” the girl confessed. “She is so beautiful . . . and attractive. And he looks like a delightful boy, but he is not! I have never met two such ruthless persons. With such smiling faces and caressing manners—yet all false!”

The major said gravely, “They are rather a common sort. Oh, I grant you these are prime articles, very exclusive merchandise indeed! But they come from lowly stock. Pinchbeck. Petty criminals, scavengers. Dozens of them follow the armies like vultures feeding on carrion—the scraps and bits of plunder that always clutter the path death has taken.” His face had darkened as he spoke, recalling bitter memories. “I would not have you ignorant of their menace. I have seen their kind—the lesser ones—prowling over a battlefield, robbing the dead.”

“Robbing—?” gasped Matilda.

“Yes. There are always profits to be made! A ring, a coin or two, even a gun or a sword. To say nothing of a fine coat, if it is not too badly—stained.” The major stopped himself, glimpsing the stern and sorrowing expression on the girl’s face. He changed the subject.

“Come to our bedroom; I need to warn you of my plan, so that you will not give anything away at your next encounter with the enemy.” To erase that darkling look, he said, with light self-mockery, “It would seem I have yet much to learn about leadership, to wit: Do not leave your junior officers in ignorance of your plan of campaign.”

Matilda felt a warm glow spreading throughout her body. That her splendid soldier should consider her as one of his staff. That he should feel comfortable about sharing his plans with her! It was a great gift.

The soldier saw and understood the glow that brightened the small countenance. He gave her a brief, hard hug, and then said firmly, “To business, wife! Any more of this philandering and we shall be caught, unprepared, by the enemy.”

Dazed with happiness, Matilda would gladly have agreed to anything at this moment. The soldier, wise in the ways of the world, correctly evaluated her unquestioning adoration, and while he valued it and could wish for nothing better than to revel in the sensual delight it offered, still, this was not the time for love. It was, alas, a time for war.

“I have come to believe with you, that the Talons are not brother and sister,” he began, deciding not to offend his darling’s ears with the report of midnight-flitting from room to room, which Fredricks’s observant staff had noted. “I believe them to be a pair of greedy thieves who have happened upon the news of the long and thorough search for an heir to Glenholme. It may be that they overheard, or even were approached by, one of the agents sent out by the lawyers to find the last of this branch of the family. The exact circumstances that gave them their lead we may never know. What we do know is that they have seized upon this ploy to win them an easy fortune and a respected place in society.”

“It is their very good luck,” he continued somberly, “that the auld laird was so unlikable a character. We, alas, as first in the field, were the recipients of all the ill will the old curmudgeon had built up during his ninety years. We, as first claimants, were chosen to pay for all old Willum’s sins in the neighborhood. Human nature being what it is, this leaves a fairly clean sheet for the new pretenders. They may well be viewed by our neighbors as a just punishment upon me, who was brash enough to put forward a claim to the estate and title of the old, well-hated laird.”

To the girl, listening with painful attention to this summary, the future began to appear very dark.

“What is your plan?” she ventured.

“I must meet them on their own ground,” he explained. “Play a delaying action. They haven’t given me much time, but I’ve instructed my lawyers by post to investigate the possibility that there’s a real heir named Hubert Bruce-Talon. When he arrived here and staked his public claim so quickly, Hubert hoped to carry the day with arrogance and charm—to bluff the new heir. If that failed, Hubert could marry off the soldier to the beautiful Désirée.”

“But they found you already married,” added Matilda with deep satisfaction. The major grinned

“Since I was found to be impervious to the lady’s wiles,” he said primly, “they probably decided to bullock the simpleminded soldier, who was, no doubt, used to taking orders from his superior officers. I’m sure they thought that was the real reason for my doltish reluctance to hand over the castle to them on demand. It probably seemed logical to Hubert to bring in the ‘superior officers’ in the persons of the powerful families in the district, most of whom had already refused to acknowledge me. Hubert must believe that once these men and women meet and approve of the beautiful claimants, the stubborn soldier will have to accept his dismissal. He’ll become a straw dragon; completely harmless.” The major frowned. “I’m afraid I blurred that image a little by insisting upon sending out the invitations myself, but that can be easily attributed to my lack of the airs and graces of the haut ton. Who need fear a stubborn, doltish soldier who is also—most damning!—a cripple?”

Matilda reacted fiercely. “You are the most complete man I know!”

Her husband favored her with a softly teasing, “But you don’t know many men, do you, my darling?”

“They have misjudged our mettle!” insisted his little battle-maid.

The major awarded her his most devastating smile. “Indeed they have! I intend taking them at the point where, thinking they are strongest, they have set no guard. When they seek to disconcert the rough soldier and his child-bride with a showy display of elegance and specious charm, we shall be even more elegant and more charming. Thank God for Miss Alford,” he said devoutly. “She has bred into you the niceties of deportment and social behavior that we shall need to convince our dour neighbors of our gentility. I shall have to play my part as the gallant, if slightly tongue-tied, soldier.” He concluded with a wry smile.

Matilda’s heart sank. Was that all the plan? To behave better than that wily, seductive pair of rascals? She must not let her darling realize how very flimsy and unpromising his scheme was! Perhaps the lawyers would have information that could save the day. Smiling determinedly, she said, “Of course we shall be our usual delightful well-mannered selves. But what will we do?”

“While we are being delightful and well-mannered?” grinned her soldier. “You don’t think that will do the trick, my love?”

With a heart overflowing with love for her too-credulous, naif man, the girl took his big hand in both of hers and said earnestly, “What if those wretches have more than one plan for our downfall? The woman tried to seduce you without success. The man has not yet, thank God, tried to seduce me—” She caught a glimpse of a heavy frown drawing his black eyebrows together and hurried on. “—not that it would do him any good to try! But there is the invitation.” In her turn, she frowned at her husband. “You went along with that trick too easily, I fear! By agreeing to send it out, you have given them what they needed: well-wishers to encourage Hubert in his claim to the castle. You said yourself that most of the gentry do not acknowledge you!”

“The battle is scarcely engaged and already you mistrust my judgment?” asked her husband dramatically.

Matilda could not bear to meet those pleading silver eyes. “It is just that I am sure they have many reprehensible plans to destroy your claim to the title—and our peace,” she whispered. Then she darted an anxious look up into the beloved face . . . .

The major was smiling! The wide white grin she adored.

“You find our problems—amusing?” she gasped.

“I am looking forward to their happy solution,” admitted the soldier. “Tell me you trust me, my battle-maid!” he teased.

Matilda thought hard. She loved him so much! She must show confidence in his ability to rescue them from this danger. If he would only not be so lighthearted in the face of attack! But that was a good soldier’s attitude, she reminded herself.

“With my life,” she said simply. “But I fear the Talons.”

“Then we must be on guard constantly, while being charming and well-mannered,” he said. “I fear it is too much for a simple soldier.” He heaved an ostentatious sigh, watching from the sides of his eyes how she was taking his raillery.

Matilda was of two minds whether to be angry or encouraged by the soldier’s incorrigible joking. Perhaps it took that for him to keep up a strong front against his enemies? His playful attitude seemed ill-timed to her, when they should be bending every effort of mind and body to solve their urgent problems.

The major bent down and kissed the tip of her nose. “Do not forget our staunch private army, love,” he said gently. “Every man-jack and woman-jill of them is panting to serve their laird, from Fredricks and McLeod to young spy Colin, furious because the Talons don’t visit the village and give him his chance to catch them at their skullduggery. Then there’s Miss Alford, who informs me that the lady Désirée’s garments are much too gaudy for a lady, and Polly, who is trying to attract the Talon’s groom, in order to ferret out the background of the precious pair.”

Matilda was much struck. “That’s rather a good plan.”

The major shook his head. “It is a very bad plan,” he corrected. “Your little maid has even less nous than you have. Ian Wallace is upset—fashed, I believe is his word—over the daft wee lassie. I have ordered him to keep her so busy she won’t have time to get into trouble.”

Smoothing the frown on his wife’s forehead with strong, calloused fingers, the major murmured, “I do not underestimate the power of loyal servants,” then spoiled it by saying, “in fact, I positively quake at the thought of the harebrained schemes they are concocting at this very instant. If only they do not decide to murder Talon in his bed! As for Polly, she needs to mature a little, but Ian will keep her safe. But who will keep me safe, with the whole staff so busy stravaging about in my defense?” He put on an air of apprehension so convincing that the girl’s lips pulled into a smile in spite of her anxiety.

“You are past praying for!” Matilda tried to sound stern, but the cowed look he immediately adopted betrayed her and she chuckled. “How can you coax me into laughter when we are in such terrible straits? We should be plotting, scheming, conniving for the downfall and ousting of the pretenders, but instead you are making jokes!”

“You don’t like my sense of humor?” the major protested with such a crestfallen expression that Matilda did not know whether to comfort him or give him a scolding for ill-timed levity. As she frowned up into his laughing silver eyes, she knew suddenly exactly what she wanted to do.

She did it.

A blissful few minutes later the major stood back, releasing her from his sturdy grasp.

“Now that,” he said with no trace of levity at all, “was a vote of confidence!”





Following the major’s instructions, Miss Alford and Matilda wrote out invitations to every bigwig in the county, beginning with the Reverend Cameron, his faithful presbyters and their wives, and not even omitting the Earl of Cullan, who had not spoken to anyone but his gillie in twenty years. He had been old Willum’s fiercest enemy. He was thought by many to be senile.

At the raised eyebrows of everyone who was within hearing distance—almost the whole staff, since the major had given his orders in the kitchen during the servants’ dinner hour—he explained that he was willing to wager his blunt that the old glaikster was far from senile and had probably nosed out every scrap of news about the most exciting thing that had happened in the neighborhood in the last forty years.

While admiring his growing command of Scottish dialect, Matilda had strong reservations against adding to their problems by the introduction of another controversial element.

“What if he . . . ?” she began doubtfully.

“Cuts up rough?” teased the major. “Or cuts us entirely—doesna’ show his front?” He had given her his broad brogue, to the servants’ delight. “Nay, lassie, t’auld skelpin wouldna’ permit himsel’ to miss our coup—that means to capsize or dump—an upset,” he explained with a scholarly pride that had the maids giggling. “Whoever wins—us or the pretenders—it bids fair to be a massacre. Think how highly satisfying that will be to the worst enemy the late unlamented laird ever had! Whichever of us claimants wins, it’ll be a mortification to the auld laird, who didn’t want any man, living or dead, to get one bawbee of his miserly hoard!”

While keenly enjoying his jokes, the servants told one another they’d have to look out for him; increase their vigilance. The pretenders, too, experienced a stirring of unease when the invitations went out, inscribed in Miss Alford’s scholarly hand upon the finest paper Factor Wallace could procure at short notice.

To Matilda’s surprise, if to no one else’s, acceptance began to trickle in. At which point, the major made a fateful decision. He instructed Miss Alford and Polly to accompany their dear mistress to Edinburgh, there to attend her at the finest drapers, or costumiers, or whatever the ladies called such emporiums and see that she had not only a new, finer wardrobe, more fitting for the laird’s wife, but also one special dazzling garment suitable for outfacing the modish Désirée at the coming reception.

When Matilda began to make objections, her husband silenced her with one question: “Do you not wish to reinforce my consequence at that crucial moment?”

There was no more to be said, although the girl silently set her teeth at the twinkle of sly satisfaction in her domineering husband’s handsome face.

Miss Alford and Polly had the sense to hide their amusement at the laird’s masterly maneuvering.

The wily fellow even gave Miss Alford a note, properly sealed, to be given to the couturier during their visit.

“It probably contains money,” Miss Alford soothed her curious pupil. “Do not worry, my dear, I beg of you. Your husband is a man of many parts. He knows how to do all that is proper and right.”

Since it would be treason to object to this encomium, the girl perforce agreed. But there was still anxiety buried deep in her mind. Chiefly on account of a glint of humor that she sometimes surprised in the warm silver eyes of her maddening, adorable husband when he looked at her. This was no time for joking!

In the event, the first part of their sortie into the metropolis of Edinburgh went very well. Miss Alford, establishing her small party in the finest hotel, had no difficulty in getting directions to the best dress emporium in the city. And the actual purchasing was a sheer joy: the trying on, the taking off in order to don even lovelier costumes—the decisions! It was a demiparadise! Toward the end of the daylong session, when the choices had been made and even the great gown, suitable for a dramatic confrontation with Désirée, had been chosen, Matilda remembered the envelope the major had given her governess. While Miss Alford delivered it to the modiste, Matilda took a long, final look at the great gown before carefully handing it to a flattering assistant. It was truly magnificent, more gorgeous than any dress Matilda had ever seen, even on her mama on a royal reception night. The demeaning thought rose in the girl’s mind that this impressive garment would be wearing her, rather than the reverse. I shall be lost in its splendor, she worried. Sunk without trace. The lavish creation was more gorgeous than anything Désirée had yet flaunted. Of course, it was most likely she had several truly startling dresses in reserve. For the major’s sake, Matilda must wear this coup de thé¬tre. Matilda stifled her fears and nodded to the assistant.

“Wrap it up! And do not crush it, if you please!”

Smiling blandly, the woman took the gown away. Provincial nobodies, she thought, trying to tell Maggie Smith her business! That dress will be a disaster on that child!

Getting the message of the smile clearly, Matilda set her jaw. The business of the war against pretenders was weakening her resolve. Courage, Matilda! she said. Remember the meaning of your name!

The party of weary, satisfied females returned to the inn with devout assurances ringing in their ears from the modiste that all the costumes would be delivered to their hotel in good time before their carriage left for the north the next day. Although they had planned to talk until a late hour, discussing strategies to assist the laird, they were all so exhausted by the important work they had accomplished that they cravenly fell asleep in mid-discussion.

Disaster struck the following morning.

They had elected to break their fast in their own room and had found the meal to be more than adequate. Then, dressed à la mode and eager to return to the castle, they had issued down the main stairway and into the entrance hall at the front of the inn.

Matilda’s first warning of the disaster came when Miss Alford, proudly leading her small party toward the front doors, paused so abruptly that Matilda and Polly, lagging behind for a final glimpse of the stylish building, bumped into her rigid figure.

Immediately concerned, Matilda caught at Miss Alford’s shoulder and asked, “Is something wrong? Are you hurt?”

The governess whirled, grasping the girl by one arm and hissing at Polly, “Cover for us! Follow behind us to block the view!” Without further explanation, she pulled the alarmed Matilda toward the kitchen at the back of the building.

Quite aware of a small commotion occurring behind them, Miss Alford led the two girls quickly out of the kitchen and around the outside of the inn to the stables. There, to the intense relief of the governess, Tom Coachman was just preparing to tool the laird’s comfortable carriage around to the front of the inn to pick up his passengers.

Without any ceremony at all, Miss Alford pushed her two charges into the coach ahead of her, and, stopping only long enough to snap at Tom Coachman, “Do not permit anyone to halt you!” she swung into the carriage with a lithe grace that impressed both girls. But there was more.

“Keep your heads down, both of you!” she commanded. “It is Lord Mountavon—and the Earl of Tark!”





Chapter Sixteen



The ride home was a nightmare. Tom Coachman had responded with commendable alacrity to Miss Alford’s frightened appeal for speed. It seemed to Matilda that they jolted through the great city and out into the open road in a very short time indeed.

It also occurred to her that it might be easy for her father and the earl to follow their desperate flight; surely many persons would recall the passage of such a handsome vehicle, four splendid horses at full gallop.

She braced herself with both hands against the jolting of the carriage and made a searching scrutiny of the faces of her companions. Both countenances were pale and drawn with fear. For the first time since she had so gladly embarked upon this adventure, Miss Alford looked every day of her age. She was staring blindly ahead, the fingers of one hand plucking at her lips. Polly, terrified by the magnitude of the disaster, had her eyes fixed in agonized inquiry on her young mistress’s face.

And at the moment Matilda understood her duty. She was the laird’s wife. No man could put asunder those whom God had joined. She took courage in the loving determination of her major to protect her from such a threat as this.

So: What was her course of action to be?

As the laird’s wife, she must take control of this flight and keep it from degenerating into utter rout. Consciously relaxing her cramped muscles, Matilda summoned up a smile. No matter that it was a poor excuse for the spontaneous merriment that had sparkled in her face for the past few days: it was a smile.

“Dear Alfer, Polly—listen to me!”

Two pairs of eyes fixed eagerly on her at that quiet, confident command. Polly perked up at once. Her dear Lady was going to make all things right, as she had so sensibly done during their earlier flight to the Dodd kitchen and then to Scotland. And now she had the major to back her up! Polly had a world of respect for the major.

Miss Alford’s response was not so rapid. It took a few moments for her to pull herself out of the morass of fear and, yes, hatred she felt for Matilda’s cruel, selfish parents. But she met the loving challenge in the wide golden eyes and thought, irrelevantly, how much prettier her dear pupil was looking these days, with good food, and interesting work, and a loving major. The clear soft skin had a glow she had never seen on it before, and the beautiful eyes were sparkling now with that intent, wily stare that characterized one of Matilda’s determined moods. She had seen and admired that light before, as evidence that no amount of callous neglect or cruel indifference could crush the child’s gallant spirit. We have need of all your courage now, dearest child, she thought.

When she was sure she had the attention of both women, Matilda said quietly, “We will get to the castle before my father and the earl. If, in fact, that is their destination.”

No one replied to that too-hopeful suggestion. It was obvious that, having tracked the runaway this far, the two noblemen would hardly give up at the moment of success.

Matilda went on, “Dear Alfer, did either of them see you, do you think?”

Miss Alford did not try to temper the wind to the shorn lamb. “Tark was consulting with the host. I am sure your father glimpsed us. There was a small commotion as we ran away.”

Matilda drew in a deep breath. You are the laird’s wife, she reminded herself. Your people depend upon you. He depends upon you! First comfort; then command. Am I learning strategy from you, my dear lord? Or is it tactics?

“Thanks to you dear Alfer, we escaped. Had it not been for your timely warning, I would have gone blundering down into their arms!” This thought too devastating for her hearers, Matilda quickly passed to the commanding tone. “Now we must make sure that we reach the castle well in advance of our pursuers. The major must have every possible advantage in setting up his defenses.” She ventured a rallying laugh. “You both know how very good our major is at defense!”

This sally brought answering smiles to the lips of her companions. Miss Alford had so far collected her wits as to be able to respond with one of her familiar aphorisms.

“Forewarned,” she said crisply, “is forearmed. Yes, my dear, I have perfect confidence in the laird. I just wish he had not invited half the countryside to that reception!”

Polly raised an unexpected voice. “That won’t daunt the major,” she affirmed stoutly. “He’ll just play up all the better with an audience.”

For some reason, this tribute to the major’s skill in skullduggery delighted both of Polly’s companions and relieved the tension of the moment. In the face of such confidence, Matilda chided herself for her own lack of faith.

The next hour was spent in proposing wild schemes that the proposers soon realized were absurd but served to keep fear at bay and to maintain a strong, confident attitude. When Tom Coachman drew up at a small inn for refreshment of passengers and horses, the ladies were very pleased to climb down with his respectful assistance and to enjoy a restorative snack and freshen themselves for the rest of the long drive.

“I am confident we are well in advance of the attackers,” Matilda kept to the military terms they had all been using. “Their carriage was not ready to leave, as ours was. In fact, it was probably being unharnessed at that very moment. By the time they could have it prepared again, we were well out of Edinburgh. It may take them days to find us,” she finished hopefully.

Although the more worldly-wise Miss Alford could not agree—for was not her own signature and that of “Lady Bruce” clearly inscribed upon the host’s book? The one instantly recognizable, the other a clear lead to the desired goal—she sensibly forebore to mention such uncomfortable facts. What good would it do? She had a deep-seated fear of the ability of such noblemen as Mountavon, and especially Tark, to obtain instant and effective service and to see a name that was directly beneath their noses. However, she only nodded and said vaguely, “Safe bind, safe find.”

Catching the confusion in their expressions, Miss Alford gave her first real smile since the beginning of their flight. “That aphorism popped into my mind, I think, because it has the words safe—for us—and bind—for them. As the poet William Cowper has said, ‘To combat may be glorious, and success/Perhaps may crown us; but to fly is safe.’ Or, to put it in less poetic language, ‘He who fights and runs away, will live to fight another day.’ That sounds cowardly, I know, but I just can’t wait to fly to the castle and warn our dear major!”

This brought the heartiest laughter of the day, and even a tear or two, which refreshed the ladies very much.





When they reached the castle, they stopped only long enough to praise and thank their coachman before going to seek out the laird. He listened to every agonized detail of their desperate report without comment, merely holding his arm around Matilda with firm reassurance.

This masculine support was so welcome to the girl that she snuggled happily against his large torso with a sigh of relief.

“Later, love,” the rascal had the effrontery to whisper, while keeping his attention focused steadily upon Miss Alford’s rendition of their tale. His naughty comment had, however, the effect of restoring Matilda’s poise. She smiled up into his beloved face, feeling such a surge of love and confidence that she leaned up and kissed the closest part of that face available, his strong jaw.

Ignoring the deep thrust of pleasure this gesture gave him, the major said, “It is interesting that we are to entertain so many of the local gentry tomorrow night. How fortunate, in view of the imminent arrival of Lord Mountavon, that we had some of them as witnesses to our wedding! I would back the Reverend Cameron against Lord Mountavon and a brace of Tarks.”

“The Talons!” gasped Matilda, remembering their chief antagonists with dismay. “What will they say?”

“Does it matter?” The Laird kissed her with firm, warm lips and then pushed her gently toward Miss Alford. “I would suggest that you ladies repair at once to your rooms to rest after your exhausting experience. Fredricks shall send up tea and sandwiches; the maids are alerted to fill the tubs with hot water; and your purchases, which I have no doubt have made a sizable dent in my fortune, will be in your rooms as soon as you are. Go, now! Rest and remember: ‘The will to do; the soul to dare’!”

His smile is like . . . like sunshine, thought the dazzled Matilda. If only he had called me Merielle! But it seemed that that love-name was to be reserved for their most intimate and precious moments, and the girl accepted that.

“We shall do the laird proud tomorrow night!” she said firmly.

Be sure her companions agreed.





Chapter Seventeen



Just before she began to dress for dinner that evening, Matilda discovered a box resting provocatively upon her bed. It bore the stamp of the Edinburgh modiste. Had not Polly unpacked and carefully hung up all their purchases? Was this a special treat, a surprise from the major? Eagerly the girl unwrapped the garment and held it up to her astonished gaze.

It was a dress—and obviously meant for her, with its beautiful, soft, white material and small size. But it was . . . plain, almost severe in cut, the style rigidly austere. Could it be—a nightgown? But surely not, with that sumptuous yet restrained richness of material. Matilda regarded the severely beautiful garment with a puzzled smile, then hung it carefully in the armoire beside the other new garments they had purchased. She placed it as far as possible from the great dress. She did not want the major’s special gift to suffer comparisons with that lavish opulence!

Resolving to thank her generous husband at the first opportunity, she closed the armoire and went to look for him. She could not find him. One of the footmen (promoted from the ranks of the London grooms Bruce had hired), informed her that he had seen his lairdship strolling toward the South Tower.

Matilda thanked him and headed that way herself. Why would the major be seeking a conference with the Talons? Could he not wait to discuss whatever it was with them at the dinner table shortly? Was there an emergency? Her alarm grew greater as she approached the Tower and saw no sign of him. For some reason: caution, fear of what she might hear, see, whatever, the girl entered by the small rear door and proceeded up the back, servants’, stairway. She did not make any particular effort to be silent, but her soft slippers moved along the narrow stone hallway so quietly that no sound alerted the Talons that they had a visitor.

As she overheard the first words through the partly opened bedroom door, the girl froze back against the rough stone wall and held her breath.

“—whole thing is falling apart in our hands!” Hubert was whining. “He must have more support in the district than we were told or he wouldn’t be bringing them all here tomorrow night!”

In a voice whose vicious coldness Matilda had never heard before, Désirée said, “Stop sniveling, you fool! The soldier is just what we expected, brave enough to charge a square single-handed, but without enough brains to know when he’s outmaneuvered! He’s just putting up a bold front, Bert. You know our plan will work. Every important person in the neighborhood hates him. The shopkeeper told you that!”

“What if Wallace was wrong?” asked Hubert petulantly. “I don’t like the look in that soldier’s eye, I tell you!”

Désirée said, in a softer, coaxing voice, “Come on, Bert! You’ve trusted me this far, trust me all the way! When I’m done with that blockhead, he’ll be out in the cold and on his way back to the army. Now you must do just as I told you. Tonight, after dinner, I will engage to get him over here to my bedroom. I’ll use one of the old dodges, and I promise you he won’t suspect a thing. I can keep him here long enough for you to search the muniment room for any paper that might prove his right to the castle, and destroy it. Then you can hide that document we had prepared in London—someplace where he won’t be likely to stumble onto it until we’re ready.”

“It won’t work,” said Hubert pessimistically. “It’s a mad scheme! Too many chances of discovery—!”

“Then I’ll just have to pull the old trick, won’t I? It never fails,” and she gave a laugh that made Matilda’s skin chill. “Remember that young lordling in Paris? His papa was eager enough to meet our price!”

Hubert was proving recalcitrant. “What if it doesn’t work? We shall have wrecked our chances for sure. I say we should wait to see what the nobs think of us tomorrow night. If they choose to back us, there’ll be no need for your nasty little games.”

There was a long silence. Matilda held her breath. They must not discover me here!

Finally Désirée spoke. “Very well. I’ll wait until after the famous reception tomorrow night. But I warn you, Bert, if the local bigwigs do not fall on your neck and kiss you, I intend playing my own game on the major later.”

There was a sound of movement within the room. Matilda whirled and raced on tiptoe along the hallway and down the back stairs.

Where was the major? She must tell him what she had heard!





This proved curiously difficult to do.

For one thing, it took a long time to find him. No one seemed to know where he was, not even Fredricks, although Matilda suspected the old man knew more than he was telling. Since she had no doubts about the butler’s loyalty, Matilda forced herself to be content with his polite evasions, merely warning him crossly to tell the absent gentleman, when he surfaced, that this was no time to be playing least-in-sight.

Fredricks smiled and advised her that Miss Alford would not approve of her using cant phrases.

Eventually she ran her quarry to earth in the muniment room. Closing and locking the door behind her, she advanced upon the major with finger to lips.

The wretch immediately assumed a frightened stance, his eyes glinting with amusement.

He was so absurd, with his huge soldier’s body cringing behind the desk in mimic fear, that Matilda had to laugh.

“I’m not going to hurt you, you great—uh—”

“Skelpin?” suggested the major. “Limmer? Dander-headed fautor?”

“I shall not,” said Matilda firmly, “ask what any of those Scottish words means.”

The major threw back his head in one of the open shouts of laughter Matilda so much enjoyed hearing. “Truly, they are quite—proper,” he managed to say. “Homespun, perhaps . . .” His wide grin teased her to join the fun.

But Matilda had grave matters to discuss and moved toward him around the desk, so her voice would not carry.

The villain approached her hopefully. “You’ve come to seduce me, wife? In the middle of the day? In the muniment room?”

Matilda, properly incensed by his determined effort to play the fool, was still not proof against the laughing charm of her incorrigible lover. As he folded her close to him, she allowed herself the nourishment of one kiss before whispering against his ear, “I overheard the Talons plotting in their room. Do let me tell you their plans, so you can prepare to frustrate them!”

The major gave her one final hug and then put her away from him. “Yes, you are right, mighty battle-maid! Now is not the time for dalliance. What exactly did they say?”

Matilda repeated it, as closely as she could remember.

The major considered, frowning.

“She wanted to get me into her bedroom tonight, while Bert searched this room for my documents. He intended to substitute fake papers that he had prepared in London, which would destroy my credit when ‘discovered’ by him or his agents.”

“But Hubert overruled her,” Matilda reminded him. “He is certain the important great families of the district will accept him rather than yourself as the true heir.”

Her major frowned at her with exasperation. “How can the opinion of a group of provincial old fuddy-duds change my legal rights? Even if Hubert could rouse the whole county against us, I should be affirmed in my ownership by due process of law, no matter how long—”

“But that’s just it!” protested the girl. “You said yourself it could take months, years, to win a legal battle! In the meantime, the Talons could rob the estate, squeeze it dry—and disappear!”

The major stared down into her troubled golden eyes. Then he shook his dark head. Her flame of loyalty warmed him to the very center of his being. But she was so young, so open. . . . He dared not reveal the plan he had devised. She would not be able to conceal it from his wily enemies, alert for any clue or sign of weakness. For her own sake, for her safety, she must be told nothing the pretenders could use.

There was only one course a soldier could pursue.

“Merielle.” It was not a name he used lightly; they both knew that.

“Yes, Robert?”

“Do you trust me?”

“With my life. My soul.” Eyes held steady and loving on his.

“My request is this: that you live the next few days as my loving and beloved wife, as Matilda and Merielle in one dear body—as yourself. Trusting me. With your own precious dignity and pride. Without fear—”

Carefully he watched the loving light glow in those beautiful eyes, the warmth and sweetness of his wife’s smile. And then Matilda surprised him.

“For the next few days, you prefer Merielle to Matilda, I can see that! You soldiers! One would think a battle-maid might be a worthy recruit, but you want to have all the fun yourself!”

Relief and joy mingled in his laughter. How had he been lucky enough to find her, in all the world? His arm around her slender body pressed her painfully close, as wordlessly he sought to find some way of telling her how much she meant to him.

And again she surprised him.

“You’ll win this skirmish, I know,” she said softly. “But I must also advise you, sir, that win or lose, you cannot get rid of this battle-maid. Our paths are one. And so I shall tell our children, when we have them.”

Silent in her arms, as she was now in his, the major blessed his good fortune.





Chapter Eighteen



In spite of Matilda’s fears, the evening went off without overt violence. True, there were a number of subtle digs from Désirée, all of them skillfully designed to depress the pretensions of the little child-wife, but these failed of their effect. All Matilda had to do, when attention was slyly called to her corsage manqué, was to cast a gentle glance over her tormentor’s too-lavish bosom, thrusting its way out of the encasing satin, and smile. Matilda realized she had, in a real sense, grown up that afternoon in the muniment room with her husband.

She only hoped the major knew what he was doing!

The next day was a chaos of preparation for the reception. Grooms, riding back and forth from the village for last-minute necessities, aroused so much interest among the populace that a straggling line of those who could safely neglect their current business formed along Glenholme village’s one street to cheer the riders. It was the most exciting day in recent history. And, warned by the merchant Wallace, they were aware of great and possibly catastrophic changes at Castle Glenholme. On that matter, the village was divided. The families of all those hired by the Sassenach major were apprehensive that he might be unseated by the beautiful pair of claimants. The shopkeeper’s wife and younger son, whose loyalty had obviously been won by the major and whose elder son, Ian, was so delighted with his new position as factor to the castle, were clearly opposed to the merchant’s campaign against the Sassenach. Wallace himself lost no opportunity to inform anyone within hearing that the Englishman would get his comeuppance that night, when the local bigwigs would put him in his place once and for all—outside the castle!

“And where will that leave Ian?” the exasperated Mrs. Wallace finally demanded. “On the outside also, without the work he loves! Whiles, Mr. Wallace, I think you are daft!”

“Dinna’ whine, wumman,” advised her spouse. “Donal Wallace hasna’ lost his wits! I have the golden boy’s word on it. None in the village shall suffer for this night’s work!”





At the castle, the drawbridge was down, the flambeaux and torches alight, the Great Hall adorned and ready for the expected arrivals.

If only they all come! prayed Matilda. The Major must not be hurt!

Every man and woman in the castle, with the exception of the Talons, was on the stretch to do the laird proud. There was a general, carefully suppressed fear that the soldier might be outclassed by the devious pretenders, and the staff were keeping a very sharp eye on the proceedings. If any effort of theirs could save the day for Robert Bruce, it would be made.

Matilda, coming downstairs after a maddening session with Miss Alford and Polly, felt literally at her wit’s end. It had taken the combined efforts of the three of them to get Matilda into the great dress, and the girl decided despairingly that it wasn’t worth it. No matter how high she held her head, no matter how she braced her shoulders, she could not wear the costume. As she had feared in Edinburgh, the too-elaborate, heavily-adorned garment was wearing her. When she reached the Great Hall and prepared to face the Talons and the major, she was ready to admit that she had failed her darling.

One look at Désirée made her fears a reality.

The woman had on a gown of gold satin, so heavily beaded with brilliants that it cast a shine about her person. From the too-tight bodice, her bounteous breasts threatened momentarily to burst forth; her bright golden hair gleamed in the light of the hundreds of candles above her in the chandelier. Her face was skillfully, if heavily, painted in the latest maquillage from Paris. In a word, she was formidable. And Hubert! Not even Paris at the height of the Sun King’s glory could have presented anything so elaborate, so eye-catching, so overpowering! The golden youth truly glittered.

Matilda cast one anguished glance at her husband. He, at least, looked every inch the laird, she thought. In the dress tartan and kilt of his clan, his dark head proudly lifted above strong, broad shoulders, he did not stand out as did his rival, but he made her proud to be his wife. His smile warmed her heart.

Then he was coming toward her, catching up a glass of sherry from a tray as he approached.

“To your eyes, milady!” he proposed, snatching up a second glass to make his toast.

And then it happened. For some reason his foot caught on the venerable old carpet, and the sherry from the glass he had intended to offer her shot out and drenched the front of the great dress.

There was a frozen silence on the part of the servants and the Talons and then . . .

Désirée’s laugh shrilled out, to be followed at once by an abject apology from the major.

“My darling! What can I say? You must go up at once and put on another of those pretty dresses you got in Edinburgh! I know! To show that you forgive my gaucherie, please wear the dress I gave you.” The last words were whispered against her ear, as her dismayed husband kissed her cheek in a bid for forgiveness.

Matilda squared her shoulders, smiled, and said in a small, clear voice, “Not quite a disaster, darling, although that modiste would probably think so! Pray excuse me, Miss Talon, Mr. Talon, while I go to change.”

She got herself out of the Great Hall and back to the laird’s bedchamber without breaking down, the memory of her husband’s proud smile sustaining her. Miss Alford had gone back to her own rooms to freshen up for the demanding evening ahead, but Polly was still in the bedroom, tidying up. Her face, when she saw the huge brown stain on the elaborate dress, would at any other time have been enough to make Matilda laugh. Now Matilda said briefly, “An accident. Help me into something else.”

“He didn’t miss much of it.” Gloomily the maid surveyed the enormous stain. “Which dress do you want?”

“The major wishes me to wear the dress he bought as a surprise for me,” Matilda advised her. She tried to relieve the shock on Polly’s features with a mild jest. “I had no idea he was so determined that I should wear his gift.”

This remark seemed to increase the maid’s unhappiness. Matilda hastened to assure Polly she had just been joking, and they got to the business of removing the stained costume without further talk.

When at length the plain, rather austere dress of the major’s choice had been donned, both girls turned to survey the results in the huge mirror that had been another of the soldier’s gifts to his wife. Polly’s expression began to lighten gradually.

“I wouldn’t have believed it, milady, but you look real pretty,” she whispered. “It suits you better than that other one.”

“It is more youthful,” said Matilda between set teeth. “I appear to be about fifteen-years-old. And hideously prim!”

Polly, knowing that set look of old, said nothing more while she brushed out the overelaborate coiffure Miss Alford had decreed obligatory for the great dress and put up Matilda’s soft brown hair in the simple manner that was habitual for her.

“Brings out your eyes, that does,” she announced, standing back to view the results of her work.

Peering tensely into the mirror, Matilda took courage from the one good thing that had come out of the debacle. The simpler hairstyle did emphasize her eyes, making them glow large and golden in her small face. But the dress—! It was high-necked, almost virginal in appearance, but that was not the worst feature. It seemed coldly austere in spite of the pure delicacy of its material and style. Despairingly she recalled the gleaming creation of the bosomy Désirée and admitted that no one would give the laird’s wife a second glance when presented with that lavish décolletage.

She caught Polly’s commiserating glance and held her head high. “Thank you, Polly! Now you must go down to the Hall and join the others. I know you do not want to miss . . . to miss . . .” Her voice faltered. “The great occasion,” she finished firmly.

And went down bravely to stand beside her husband.





She had hardly had time to receive the triumphant scrutiny of Désirée and the warmly reassuring smile of the major before Fredricks announced the first of the visitors. Predictably it was the Reverend George Cameron, who was proving himself a friend in need. He was accompanied by the MacDonnells, and they were followed almost immediately by the two other couples who had attended the major’s first dinner.

The major quickly arranged his party in a reception line, with the minister at his left shoulder to introduce each guest. Next to himself the major had placed Matilda, to her great joy and relief. At least she would have the comfort of his warm presence to sustain her under the critical or scornful glances she was sure to receive from the high sticklers.

I must not forget, she told herself, that I am here to support my husband, however inadequately I may do it. She raised her small head proudly and prepared to meet the attack. She needed all her courage, since at her right shoulder was the glittering golden figure of the claimant. She could even detect a strong waft of perfume from his person as he waved a lace kerchief idly before his face.

He gave her a malicious look. “How unfortunate that your husband spilled the wine on your good dress,” he commiserated.

Matilda felt an unfamiliar stir of malice. She gave him a wide, golden stare, and said ingenuously, “But who would bother to glance at me when they have you and your sister to look at—Bert?”

Hubert shot a quick frowning glance at her, but the guests were moving down the line toward him, and he needed every ounce of charm and guile he could dredge up to impress them with his superior fitness for the role of laird. He darted one quick look at Désirée, so voluptuous in her dazzling gown, and then prepared to win over the local gentry. His absolute confidence that he could do so was revealed in his rather smug little smile.

Matilda turned her eyes toward the major. He had been chatting easily with the MacDonnells, but almost as though there was an agreement between them, he turned and smiled at his wife at that moment.

“Dearest, you remember the MacDonnells?”

As the couple advanced, smiling, Matilda beamed at them. “How could I forget the guests who made our wedding such a warm and welcoming event?” she said sincerely. “I felt as though I had come home.”

Lady Margaret gave her a glance of sharp approval and shook her hand firmly. “You do Glenholme proud,” was all she said, but it was enough to reestablish the girl’s confidence. Heartened by the quiet acceptance of the MacDonnells and George Cameron, Matilda began the task made inevitable by her position in the line: the introduction of the pretender and his sister to all the guests.

Hubert was playing the young laird in dashing style. His beautiful face wore a charming smile; his hair gleamed in the light of the candles; his golden coat shimmered; his perfume wafted in a cloud about him. Matilda was secretly pleased to see a faint frown on MacDonnell’s heavy countenance. Perhaps he did not approve of so much perfume for a man? But then, she thought with a sigh, one glance at the voluptuous Désirée and all would be forgiven! She leaned forward and made the introduction as graciously as she was able. Désirée cooed and smiled languorously from under her darkened eyelashes, flattering the lord of the MacDonnells. To Matilda’s astonishment, Désirée passed over Lady Margaret with the merest formal grimace. A tiny bud of hope pushed itself up in the girl’s mind, but she corrected herself sternly. It is the laird they will judge, not a sister or a wife!

She was not left free to indulge either hope or fears during the next half hour. Surprisingly the guests continued to arrive. Since they were gentlefolk by birth and training, they were equally polite to both claimants to the title, but the avid curiosity that had brought them here could not be disguised. None were so openly cordial as Lord and Lady MacDonnell had been, but each greeted the major and Hubert with cool courtesy. Hubert was in his glory. His charming smile embraced everyone; he preened and flattered and flirted in the way that had served him so well in Paris, Vienna, Rome, and London. The major, to Matilda’s deep unease, did none of these things. He was, she thought, even quieter than usual, with no faintest glint of that delightful humor that made his wide smile so devastating. Had he given up the fight? Or was he too proud to stoop to wily seduction in order to conquer? The Great Hall became more crowded. Delicious food was displayed upon well-lighted tables; footmen in neat livery moved among the guests offering drink. The voices of Hubert and Désirée rose above the babble of the crowd. The evening began to look like a triumph for the Talons. And then Fredricks announced, “The Right Honorable Earl of Cullan!” with incredulity carefully concealed.

Standing in the enormous arched doorway, staring around the Great Hall as though it were a kennel, was a man almost as large as the major. His features were nearly obscured by a heavy beard, and a glengarry cap rode on the bushy hair. His dress plaid was rumpled, but he was, Matilda decided, one of the two most impressive figures in the Hall.

At his shoulder, looking even more disheveled than his laird, stood a man who could only be the earl’s gillie. He, too, was glaring around at the assembled company as though to dare them to approach his master. Was their presence a sign of goodwill or a portent of disaster, Matilda wondered, moving toward Bruce.

Startled, she noticed McLeod enter behind the newcomers and move unobtrusively into a position at the major’s shoulder. Had the situation been less crucial, the girl might have grinned at the primitive males squaring off in preparation for battle. Bless you, McLeod, she thought. We’re all behind him, whatever happens!

An apprehensive silence gradually fell upon the gathering as one after another of the guests perceived who it was who had entered. A subdued susurrus swept the great room. Then again all conversation ceased as the major, with McLeod at his shoulder, moved toward the unexpected guest. The big soldier stopped in front of the glowering Lord Cullan and held out his hand.

“I bid you welcome to Glenholme, Lord Cullan,” he said quietly, but his deep voice was clear throughout the silent room. “You do me honor. May I present my wife, Lady Matilda?”

Be sure that Matilda was at his side in a swift but dignified walk. She smiled gently up into the frightening, bearded face and extended her own hand. “I bid you welcome in my laird’s name,” she said, as quietly as her husband had spoken.

For an agonizing moment, Matilda was afraid that the huge, savage Scotsman would not even speak to them, much less accept the extended hands. His knife-sharp blue eyes raked them both from head to foot, then went beyond them to the Talons, who, led by Désirée, were approaching rapidly.

“And these,” with a nod of the big, hairy head under the glengarry cap, “are the Sassenachs? You were a fool to give them house-room.” His voice grated as though it had not been used in years.

Désirée, coming up fast, heard the comment and gasped with outrage. Recollecting herself in time, she put on her most seductive pout. “No, your lairdship, we are the true heirs, and these,” her heavily-ringed hand indicated the major and Matilda, “are the Sassenachs.”

The earl looked her over as though she were a prize animal being offered for sale. His searching scrutiny took in every detail of the voluptuous figure in its blazing costume. “I ken well what you are,” he grated. “But you’re not the other claimant. Can’t he speak for himself?”

Hubert almost pushed Désirée aside in his effort to present himself to the old autocrat. He was flustered, completely at a loss. He had heard of the earl of Cullan but had not visualized such an overpowering, savage presence. The hairy nobleman dwarfed by his personality as much as by his physical aspect nearly every other man in the Great Hall, yet he was carelessly dressed and uncouth in manner—and even smelled of sweat and horses! Distracted by this unexpected confrontation, Hubert waved his scented handkerchief in front of his nose.

The earl laughed.

“You are the Sassenach,” he said. “I can smell it on you.” Without another word to Hubert, he turned to the major and Matilda and took both their still extended hands in his.

“Perhaps now we shall have a sensible laird at Glenholme Castle,” he announced, loudly enough to be heard by everyone in the huge hall. “I knew your grandfather before auld Willum drove him away to England. He was my friend, a good steady man. You have a look of him.”

To Matilda’s trembling joy, the other males among the guests came up with smiling faces to surround the accepted laird and the man who had confirmed his status. Fredricks and the footmen hastened to serve filled glasses for the expected toast. The Earl of Cullan scrutinized McLeod with his sharp gaze.

“Ye’ve got a prime gillie there, Bruce,” he admitted. “At yer shoulder the minute I entered the hall. Ye may present him.”

“Lord Cullan, may I present Sergeant Ronal McLeod,” Bruce drew McLeod forward with a nod. Shoulders straight, face imperturbable, the sergeant made his salute.

Cullan grinned. “Crusty, isn’t he? Willna’ truckle, nor give an inch! I like that.” He moved his head to indicate the silent man at his own shoulder. “This is Conal,” he said. “My own man.”

The two servants nodded so warily that the earl chuckled again. Then he raised his glass and shouted “Bruce!” bowing and holding up the glass in salute toward the major before he downed its contents in one great gulp.

The shout was taken up by the whole assemblage, with the not surprising exception of the Talons. Hubert, standing ignored in his inappropriate finery, seemed unable to think of any course of action that would not leave him looking more foolish than he did at the moment. His golden beauty seemed dim and blemished; with his face white under the maquillage, he looked every day of his real age.

Désirée was made of sterner stuff. Rather unwisely she thrust herself into the crowd of males surrounding the newly acclaimed laird and his surprising sponsor.

“I think we should talk this over,” she began, rather stridently, and then, becoming aware of the raised eyebrows on several faces near her, she moderated her tone. “Major Bruce is as much a Sassenach as my brother and myself, and I demand—”

It was the wrong word to use in this situation. Hubert heard it with a sense of angry alarm. Even Désirée was at once aware that she had made a disastrous false step. She looked about her with her most seductive smile, but it was too late and the wrong weapon. The earl summed it up.

“Get rid of these spongers, Bruce,” he advised. “They give the castle a bad name.” He inclined his hairy head, crowned with the old glengarry, toward the quietly glowing Matilda. “I see ye’ve enough kenning to get yersel’ a gude wife, mon,” he lapsed into the broad burr. “She’ll gie ye strong bairns and bonnie wee lassies, an’ we’ll see gude life in Glenholme at last.” He raised his glass to the blushing Matilda.

The dazzled girl could not believe the evidence of her senses. After the agonies they all—yes, even the major, now smiling so serenely—had endured, could the problem have been solved with such apparent ease? She was almost afraid to believe it, lest some other menace creep upon them unnoticed. Her husband bent over her, his smiling silver eyes so close to her own that her vision blurred.

“Your eyes are crossed, gude wife,” he grinned wickedly. “But I like your dress. It suits ma prim Scots sense o’ what’s fittin’ for the laird’s wife. Ye may thank me properly for it later.”

The truth burst upon the girl like a stroke of lightning. Her major had judged the temper and prejudices of the Scottish community more clearly than the Talons had done. But could she ever forgive him for the wicked trick he had played upon her, deliberately spilling wine on the great dress in order to get her into his own sober—and correct!—choice? Of course, she realized, that naughty trick had accomplished two goals: It had gotten her into the modest dress, and it had given the Talons a powerful, if false, sense of their own superiority. Put them off-guard.

Oh, that tricksy, manipulating, quirkish, devious creature! Waiting for anger to flame up, Matilda felt instead a great surge of joyous laughter. How she loved him, the rascal! Would he always be like this, teasing and joking and regarding her with those glinting, fun-filled silver eyes? Waiting for her response to some new, outrageous ploy? She turned exasperated, delighted eyes upon his smiling face.

At that moment, Fredricks, white of face, hurried up to the besotted pair and whispered, in a voice of doom, “The Earl of Tark . . . Mountavon . . .! They demand to speak to the laird!”





Chapter Nineteen



Two Englishmen in modish traveling costume strode into the Great Hall on the heels of Fredricks’s announcement. They were exhausted by the long and unpleasant journey they had just endured. Very much out of charity with each other, they still realized that the success of their mission depended upon continued cooperation, at least until they had what they wanted—Matilda. The two men paused involuntarily at the sight of the large number of handsomely dressed men and women who were enjoying the hospitality of the laird of Glenholme and were suddenly very much aware of the rumpled condition of their own clothing.

From the instant he had caught sight of Miss Alford in the finest hostel Edinburgh boasted, Lord Mountavon had been having second thoughts as to the wisdom of this journey. He was a Londoner himself, hated travel of any kind, except a comfortable short jaunt to his club or a favorite gaming hall. The enforced company of the man to whom he was so fatally indebted was abrasive even to his less-than-sensitive nature. In fact, if he could have thought of any other way out of the imbroglio, he would gladly have abandoned Tark and Matilda to their own wretched devices!

It had been the barest glimpse of the old governess that he had caught in that elegant foyer, but he knew he could not have been mistaken. And the way she had turned and scuttled away, herding the other two servants behind her, had confirmed his suspicion. In that one fleeting glimpse, he had not been able to identify Alford’s two companions, but her presence there had been clue enough. Unfortunately, while he was acquainting Tark with his discovery, the woman and her companions had made their escape. The earl had made Mountavon’s life a misery since then, pointing out not once but many times that the first act of a sensible man would have been to seize the female and hold her until they could force her to tell them where Matilda was hiding.

Since the moment he and Tark had reached the miserable hamlet of Glenholme, only to discover that there was no inn and that they would have to confront Matilda’s employer on his own ground at this uncivilized hour or spend the night in the carriage, the situation had begun to acquire the elements of a farce.

They had no need to try to rouse anyone in the village to get directions to their destination. Robert Bruce’s home stood out in the darkness like some magic castle from an ancient legend. Lights flamed and bloomed from every tower and turret; great arched windows blazed with color. Even Tark drew in a sharp breath as a turn in the road beside the river revealed the massive structure in all its medieval splendor.

Surely the man who owned this would have no interest in his unattractive daughter, fumed Lord Mountavon. It must be as the Dodd woman had said: Bruce had hired the chit as a cook or a maid! Mountavon set his teeth and hoped that Tark would hold to his bargain. The old roué must indeed be anxious to secure the succession, to go through this difficult journey for so plain and dowerless a female, however nobly born! Well, they were inside the castle, but Mountavon despaired of finding his plain daughter among the throng. God forbid she was actually serving as a maid for this reception! He scanned the crowd restlessly as he followed Tark into the room.

The earl was looking for their host. It was awkward that neither he nor Mountavon had ever seen the fellow who had brought Matilda to Scotland. A crippled soldier, the Dodd woman had said. What had such a fellow to do with this castle, this company? Tark’s eye caught the flash and glitter of a golden dress. Noting it and the voluptuous figure it graced with surprise and admiration, the earl began to feel better. Perhaps in the depths of this wild country, there was game he might pleasurably pursue? He had not thought there could be anything as attractive as this lush, fashionable creature buried in the wilds of the north! Almost immediately he noticed a similarly colorful male figure. The couple stood out from among their more sober fellows like jewels among dross. Easily the smartest and most elegant persons in the vast room, the pair were probably the lord and lady of Glenholme. Tark walked toward them just as a kilted giant advanced from the other side. Tark ignored the big fellow and addressed the golden youth.

“I am the Earl of Tark,” he began arrogantly. “Have I the honor of addressing the laird of Glenholme?” His eyes were assessing the daring décolletage of the woman; it was enough to make a man forget that he was here to collect a homely little virgin who would satisfy his need for an heir and yet place no restraints on his preferred way of life.

Instead of the smile of welcome that he had expected or even the cold challenge Mountavon feared, the golden-haired dandy before him frowned petulantly and turned away. The woman stared up into Tark’s face with a look of calculated seductiveness that was familiar to Tark.

“We are related to the dead laird,” the woman answered him, “but it seems a rival claimant has managed to persuade the local powers that his claim is the better one. We shall be leaving for London in the morning.” And good riddance to this benighted place! her bitter expression added.

Tark decided the situation had distinct possibilities, but first he must secure the girl and get his business settled.

At his shoulder, Mountavon had already lost patience with this byplay. He turned to the hovering elderly butler, whom he had by now recognized as the dismissed Fredricks.

“Where is Lady Matilda?” he snapped, his tone promising a bitter reckoning with all treacherous servants and runaway children.

Fredricks drew himself up to his best height and said formally, “I shall discover if Lady Matilda wishes to receive you, milord.”

“Wishes—? stammered Lord Mountavon. “What in the devil is that supposed to mean?”

“It means,” said the major quietly from behind him, “that my wife and I are entertaining our friends and neighbors, and I have no intention of letting two uninvited strangers disrupt the proceedings. You will follow me, if you please, you and your—friend, and tell me what’s brought you here.”

The laird’s tone was enough to enrage a saint, thought Mountavon, but he followed those broad shoulders and the swinging kilt out of the room. It pleased him a little to note that Tark also followed without demur. Somehow one did not wish to come to points with such a massive and cold-voiced antagonist. Mountavon was very much aware of the murmur of interested comment from guests who had witnessed their abrupt departure so short a time after their arrival. It infuriated him to realize that he, George Mountavon, was providing amusement for these Scottish bumpkins. Matilda was piling up a heavy debt! If he had not been well aware what her life with Tark would be, he might even have beaten her himself for putting him through these last hellish weeks. Well, her punishment, whatever it was, could not start until she was in Tark’s hands and the debt safely paid. He hurried to catch up with the arrogant master of this castle. Damn it, the fellow had agreed to take the girl out of England without regard for her name or station! He’d pick that bone with him first and then see how arrogant the fellow would be!

The arrogant laird had halted within a small room that was obviously used to transact the estate’s business. Fredricks, that treacherous servant, had somehow managed to arrive before them with a pair of lamps, and when, at a nod from the laird, he had placed these on a big desk and left the room, a kilted servant entered and stood by the door in a manner uncomfortably like that of a soldier on guard. What had they got themselves into?

Their unwilling host faced his guests across the heavy desk. He did not ask them to be seated, nor did he offer refreshment to two weary travelers. Barbarian!

“You will state your business with me,” he said coldly.

Mountavon’s anger stood him in good stead. “I would like the return of my daughter, Matilda, stolen from her family in London,” he snapped back, without roundaboutation.

The Earl of Tark snickered. “Well done, Mountavon! I did not know you had it in you! I warn you, though, if he’s had her, our bargain is off. You know I specified a virgin.” He turned to the laird. “Well, sir, what have you to say to that?”

“To you, I say only that if you open your foul mouth again in my presence, I shall have my servants throw you into the moat.” His steel-cold glare gave evidence that he meant every word. When he received no reply from Tark, he turned the metallic gaze upon Mountavon. “Your daughter has informed me of your dishonorable plan to sell her to this notorious lecher in payment of your debts. Such conduct must disgust any person of sensibility. When I hired Matilda as my cook—”

Mountavon had taken enough from this mealymouthed fool. “I demand my daughter at once! She is no longer to act as your servant, and I have no stomach for your pious platitudes!”

“She is of age, and I need a cook,” the stubborn fellow insisted.

Mountavon played his ace. “If she’s not here in five minutes, I’ll lay a complaint of abduction with the nearest magistrate and smear your name and hers throughout Scotland!”

“Try that and I’ll kill you,” said the soldier gently.

Even Tark, prepared to enjoy the humiliation of the bungling idiot who had given him so much trouble for no profit, was appalled at this last remark. He opened his mouth to voice a protest but was effectively silenced when the terrible laird said icily, “One word—one syllable—from you, Tark, and it’s the moat. I mean that!”

One look at his face convinced the earl that he did.

But it was Mountavon who had the last word.

“My debts!” he stuttered. “S-s-surely my own daughter would not s-s-see her parents thrown into the s-s-streets to s-s-starve?”

Matilda, who had been sharply commanded by her laird to remain in the Great Hall with their guests, had naturally lost no time in following him. She made her excuses to Lady Margaret and hurried after her husband. The older woman, hoping to get the details from her young protégée later, willingly agreed to assume the role of hostess. Matilda lost no time in finding out from Fredricks where the antagonists had gone. She must be near the major, to give help if needed! She had listened just outside the open door and had been, as usual, both impressed and delighted by her dear husband’s force of character. How firmly, how easily, how adroitly, he had handled a situation that had so terrified her!

But there was something about her father’s final wail that touched her heart. How could those two foolish people survive such a disaster? While she was wringing her hands nervously, wondering if she could bear to ask her splendid husband to help such uncaring people, the matter was solved for her in a strange way. The major changed from icy anger to good humor with a speed that would have made McLeod suspicious.

“I understand you are a betting man, Mountavon,” he said in a voice whose smooth, worldly suavity startled Matilda as much as it did his uninvited guests.

Tark snorted, but Mountavon, ever reckless, ever hopeful, and quite ignoring the heavy irony in the major’s voice, said eagerly, “I will bet upon anything!”

The fellow’s actually proud of it! mused the major. Well, it will make my task easier.

“I offer you a wager, milord,” he said easily. “If your daughter comes into this room in the next two minutes and the Earl of Tark announces that he will not marry her he will cancel thereby all your gambling debts, and if not I shall pay them.”

Confused but so eager to accept this amazing wager that he was fairly stuttering, Matilda’s father agreed to the conditions. Tark knew a deep thrust of uneasiness—how could the huge bumpkin be so sure of a patent impossibility? Perhaps he was not aware of the amount of the debt or of Tark’s urgent, crucial need to produce an heir to placate the obdurate, bitter trustees of his estates.

The great fellow was staring down at them from his hulking height, a smile tugging at his lips. How dare he laugh at Tark? With a sense of shock, the earl noted the empty sleeve of the dress jacket folded neatly. How dare a crippled ex-soldier challenge his betters? Tark leaned forward. “It’s a sure thing, Mountavon! You know I must marry now. Take the wager!”

“Done!” gasped Mountavon, looking at the laird.

“Done,” said the laird with his stupid smile. “Shall we drink a glass of brandy while we wait—to celebrate the wager?”

“Oh, no, you don’t!” Tark halted McLeod’s movement toward the door. “We’ll have no servants running off to set up a rig! Two minutes, you said?” He made an elaborate play of consulting his big gold pocket watch. “I’m afraid it’s down to one minute now, sir—or less!”

Matilda knew her duty. She swept into the muniment room, head held very high, wide golden eyes blazing, looking every inch a loved and loving bride in her white gown. She met her husband’s smile with one of her own.

“You wanted me, Laird Bruce?” She pouted her lips at him in the gesture she knew he loved.

The major gave his full-throated laugh. “I knew you’d disobey me and eavesdrop outside the door, my little battlemaid!” Moving around the desk to take her hand, he grinned at the stunned men facing him. “Gentlemen, make your bow to my wife.” He smiled. “It appears you will not be able to marry her yourself, Tark. Your loss!”

The loaded words infuriated the dissolute earl so greatly that his hands clenched into claws, but he did not attack. There was something imposing about that huge, controlled body that warned that, crippled or not, he would not be an easy man to destroy. The earl was a seasoned gamester. He shrugged and forced a smile.

“Tricky, but you have won. I can hardly offer for a married woman.” He cast a scornful glance at the white-faced Mountavon. “Better beg your new son-in-law to put you up for the night. Or sell you a horse to get you to London. I’m leaving at once, and I’m afraid there will not be room in my carriage for you.”

Without a further word or glance, he strode from the room. The major nodded at McLeod, who went silently after, to see the fellow off the premises. The major stood regarding his unwelcome kinsman-by-law.

“I suppose I shall have to put you up for the night,” he said at length. “When McLeod returns, I’ll have him conduct you to a room and bring supper to you there. I’m sure you are too tired to attend our celebration tonight. Our new neighbors are just beginning to accept us.” He fell into his newly learned Scots burr. “Ah canna’ jeopardize ma mixty-maxty standin’ in the community wi’ such a tale as ye might babble.” Then he dropped dialect; he was not smiling. “When he discovered we were married, Tark would never have forgiven your debts. He would have ruined you. My wager saved you. Will he honor his word?”

Mountavon nodded. A little color was returning to his cheeks. He could hardly comprehend his good fortune or accept that the stolid soldier had so neatly outwitted the wily earl, but already his brain was busy with schemes to exploit his new son-in-law.

“I shall send for Lady Mountavon,” he began pompously. “She will wish to make the acquaintance of her daughter’s husband.”

“You will return to London tomorrow,” corrected the soldier firmly. “I shall give you a comfortable carriage and supply two grooms to get you safely there. Together with the saving of your fortune and your house, I believe that is sufficient.” His gaze was hard. “It is customary for the gifts to be given to the bride, not her parents. However, I shall accept your absence—your continued absence—as a suitable wedding gift. I bid you good night. Please remain here until Sergeant McLeod comes to conduct you to your room.”

Shrugging, Mountavon watched as the soldier led Matilda out of the room. Who would have guessed that the plain little wench could catch herself such a prize? When the soldier cooled down, a clever man might get more out of him. Well, he had his money and his house back, and he’d steer clear of the earl in future, but he wouldn’t talk about the wager in London. The memory of Tark’s bitter, defeated expression returned.

“The soldier fleeces us neatly,” he murmured. “And I’ll wager Tark won’t be talking about it either!” He settled into a chair waiting for the good meal and comfortable bed he had been promised.

Leading his darling wife back into the Great Hall, the major felt deeply satisfied. And amused. Matilda’d been a good partner, risen to it, the little fighter, just as he had hoped she would when he gave her that abrupt command to stay in place as he left the Hall with the two rascals. Now all he had to do was carry off the rest of the evening, with her help and that of the loyal servants. And the friends he and Matilda had made, the major added, with a warm feeling under his breastbone. Most of these people, while they were justifiably curious, were too well-bred to show their curiosity.

Cullan made a strong diversion. Whether it was because of the quality and amount of his host’s whisky he had imbibed or because of feelings of goodwill normally uncharacteristic of him, the noted recluse showed himself to be a splendid guest, telling rousing tales of the ancient glories of Glenholme and relating quite-scandalous anecdotes about the “auld laird.” When he had all the men laughing over his ribald stories and even the ladies tittering helplessly, he summoned Conal to bring in his “wee giftie to the laird.”

To everyone’s amazement, it was a fine set of bagpipes.

The major accepted them with real pleasure. “I have always wanted to learn to play a set o’ the pipes,” he confessed, to general amusement. “I don’t suppose right now is a good time to learn?”

Upon being raucously assured that it would be a very bad time for everyone within earshot of the squawking he’d inevitably make, he surrendered the pipes to Conal, with instructions to deliver them to McLeod for safekeeping.

Conal took them with a slight grin, and then, in the cheerful spirit of the evening, dared greatly.

“Sir, d’ye mean ye willna’ ask my laird to play for ye?”

Lord Cullan tried to look angry, but even behind the beard, it was plain to see he desired to show off his skills. He was soon persuaded, and after the appropriate preparations, he began to stride up and down in a space hastily cleared for him.

“Ma first tune,” he began, amid apprehensive laughter, “Is a salute to the new laird. I call it ‘Hail to the Chief’!” and he proceeded to play that, and later some lightsome reels for dancing.

It was the best night Castle Glenholme had seen in a hundred years. At least, so said the guests, when, weary but pleased, they began to wend their way home after a tasty breakfast.

Matilda, whose patience had grown thinner as the night advanced, could hardly wait to see the last of the guests out the door before turning to her exasperating husband with the demand, “Now tell me! What do you intend to do next?”

It was a rhetorical question, but the major took full advantage of it. Eyes glinting wickedly, he took his little bride under his arm. Then, in the manner of a schoolmaster instructing a slow pupil, he began pedantically, “First, I shall escort you to our chamber—our marital chamber. Safely closeted there, I intend to teach you a great many ways to please me, since I am sure you will agree that I deserve a fulsome reward for my efforts on your behalf this night. Then, my beloved wife, my darling, my own Merielle, I shall—” He bent to kiss those soft lips.

Merielle! Matilda uttered so huge a sigh of joy that her bold soldier felt repaid for anything he had done. She was putting up her arms adoringly to pull his face down to hers for another kiss. Ignoring any observers, the major eagerly assisted her endeavors. She kissed him with deep passion—a woman’s kiss.

She felt a tremor go through the big body pressed against hers.

“You are learning fast,” muttered the soldier. “I think we had better hasten upstairs. My knees are suddenly feeling weak.”

“Have no fear,” his little battle-maid said lovingly. “I shall take care of you, husband—always!”

Close-linked, they turned to mount the wide stone stairway to their rooms. The major was the first to become aware of the long line of tired but admiring faces.

Every servant in the castle had come to pay tribute to the acknowledged laird. Fredricks was here, beside Miss Alford; Ian and Colin Wallace, McLeod, Polly, Jem, all the maids and grooms, all smiling!

Weary as he was, and hungry to share the comfort of his bed with his little wife, the major could not resist that row of loyal and proud servants. He stood tall and gave them his best salute. And then he went down the line, calling every one by name. When he returned to Matilda again, he said to them, “My thanks to all of you. I could not have won my battle without you. I hope and pray we shall all have a long and happy life at Glenholme, our castle now by right of your courage and loyal devotion. My wife and I thank you, and bid you good night!”

Then the laird and Matilda went up the stairs to the accompaniment of cheers and shouts of “Bruce! Bruce!”

Matilda was crying, too moved to speak.

When he had their door shut and his love close against him, the major whispered whimsically, “See what you’ve gotten me into, with your promise that I should win my battle? Ian tells me he’s a dab on the pipes and wishes to become the official piper for the laird. Colin demands to be my page and live in the castle. Everyone wants to serve the laird and magnify my consequence!” He groaned theatrically. “I shall never be able to be plain Major Bruce again!” Gently he kissed the tears from her cheeks.

Merielle’s dazzling smile broke through the tears.

“But you never were plain Major Bruce, my darling,” she whispered. “You have always been—the laird.”





MILADY HOT-AT-HAND





Elizabeth Chater





For a gallant lady—Elizabeth Patricia





Table of Contents Milady Hot-At-Hand

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18





Chapter One



Andrea had been in London only two days when she was made aware that some threat challenged her father’s peace of mind. It had been so exciting to be summoned from her school in Switzerland, brought to England under the chaperonage of Cousin Stacia, and established in a great mansion in London, reunited once again with the father and sister who, aside from Stacia, were all the family she had in the world. Her recurring hope that this time things would be different, this time father would make an effort to be with her, that Pola would share the fun of being a girl, had soon been disappointed. Things were as they had always been. The handsome, ageing Count Vladimir Wasylyk was his urbane charming self, as always more interested in his social life and in gaming with his cronies than in a daughter he scarcely ever saw.

Pola had become more waspish than ever. She was such a flamboyant beauty with her dark-red hair and green eyes that it was no wonder she was constantly besieged by men and too busy to bother with an awkward young half sister. Cousin Stacia had confided, during the journey to England, that Pola had pulled off the coup of the season. She had captured the prize in the matrimonial stakes, Lord Dominic Justin of Kyle in Scotland, of whom all the hopeful mamas had long despaired. This was indeed a triumph, advised Stacia, since Milord had estates not only in Scotland and England, but in France and Spain as well, his forebears having consistently married heiresses whose beauty was exceeded only by their wealth.

“He is too starched up for my taste,” Stacia confided, “but la! child, his family is older than the current royalty’s!”

Stacia had prattled on, “I must confess to you, my love, that I have been more than a little concerned over your sister. Pola is a strikingly beautiful woman, but she is—wayward.” Stacia primed her lips. “Of course you don’t know what I’m talking about! How should you, child, having been banished to that dreary seminary in Geneva—such a dull place, in spite of the excellence of its teachers! I daresay you can speak more than one language, and even cipher?”

In spite of her interest in Stacia’s original subject, Andrea had to smile as she answered, “Oh, yes indeed, Cousin! I’ve been well taught: philosophy, history, mathematics, composition and grammar, as well as an unimpeachable accent in French and English—”

“Say no more, I implore you!” cried her cousin. “I beg of you, Andrea, never let this be known in London, where even the half of your scholarly accomplishments would insure your remaining a spinster all your days! What was Vladi thinking of, to send you to such a hive of bluestockings?”

“He was thinking of getting me out from underfoot,” said Andrea sadly. “You know he is too busy to bother with a gangling girl-child.”

Cousin Stacia was not betrayed into maudlin pity. “ ‘Tis your own blame! You’ve done your best to be a son to him whenever he has let you come home to Poland,” she said roundly. “I warn you Andrea, my love, you’ll get nowhere with Vladi unless you employ feminine wiles. Force him to acknowledge you as a woman—charm him as Pola does! No more of this hoydenish fencing and riding your horses astride over the roughest terrain!” She gave an elaborate shudder.

Andrea thought of the long-awaited vacations every year, when she could come home to the palace in Warsaw in the winter and to Castle Wasylyk in the summer vacation. She loved that dark, brooding, uncomfortable place with a deep love which only her father shared. It was one of the few bonds she had with him, and she tried to strengthen it every chance she got. In those vast, echoing stone halls beneath the painted stare of long-dead ancestors, Count Vladimir had taught her to fence. Also he had taken her hawking with him, and together they had galloped across the mountain meadows and along the craggy heights where only the wild rams kept them company. At such times Andrea felt she was truly her father’s daughter.

Yet even here Pola had come between them. She could ride better than most men, and she often accompanied them on their day-long rides into the hills. When Andrea had been banished to her room before dinner, Pola, who was nine years older, was allowed to join her father and his guests at the table. There, beautifully gowned and voluptuously lovely, she kept the guests—at least the masculine ones—in a pleasant state of awareness of her desirability. Andrea had often watched from the upper hallway as Pola swept down the great staircase below her, jewels sparkling in the light of a thousand candles.

Her nurse had caught her there one night.

“It isn’t fair, Nonna!” the child had wept. “I am never let to go down! It is always Pola who has the fun!”

Nonna had muttered darkly as she led the child back to her bedroom. “I do not know what your father can be thinking of,” she was talking more to herself than to the child. “He’s amused by that wicked girl. She delights in rousing men to a passion and then laughing at them! One day she’ll meet a real man, not one of these mincing fops, and then Milady Pola will get her comeuppance, mark my words!” She put Andrea back to bed with rough tenderness, then sighed. “It’s because she’s the image of her mother that he can’t deny her anything. It is too bad you—” then Nonna broke off infuriatingly, and told Andrea quite crossly to get to sleep at once, or it would be the worse for her.

Fuming, the girl wondered how anyone could get to sleep in the face of such a provocative statement, and resolved to ask her father why it was too bad she didn’t look like her mother.

Two days later, after a bout of fencing in which Andrea’s growing skill had pleased Count Vladimir, she asked him why she didn’t resemble her mother.

“But you do, my poppet,” he assured her. “Thick golden hair and those unusual amber eyes. Although I think you have something of my features—a handsome blending, I would say. When you’re grown you may even be a beauty.”

“As beautiful as Pola?” ventured the girl.

Vladimir hesitated. “No one could be as beautiful as Pola,” he said at length. “She is the image of her mother, my first wife.” Thus Andrea learned that her father had had two wives, of whom her own was the less attractive, since Pola’s mother still held all his love.

Unwisely, she sought further information from Pola.

“Of course we had different mothers,” the older girl sneered. “Mine was papa’s first choice, a dazzling Russian aristocrat who looked just as I do, and had so much fire and daring that she was a fitting bride for The Wasylyk. You know our family motto: Toujours L’audace! Always bold! We never refuse a challenge. That’s how she came to die,” said Pola. “She wanted to ride a new horse one of her admirers had given her. Papa refused to let her—it was a fiery unbroken beast, and anyway he resented her accepting such a gift from a man he didn’t particularly like. But mama would never be told what to do, any more than I will,” she interpolated fiercely. “So she had the animal saddled and bridled and rode off over the mountain trails.” Her expression darkened. “They found her body crushed under the horse at the foot of the cliff.”

Andrea couldn’t find words to express her compassion. She moved closer to her sister and laid a gentle hand over hers. Pola threw it off disdainfully.

“And that’s why, four years later, to recoup the family fortunes, papa married your mother, who was, did you know? not at all noble but a mine-owner’s daughter and so rich that even Count Vladi will never be able to spend the half of it!” She glanced spitefully at the child. “Your mama died in birthing you instead of the son papa had hoped for. So you see—”

But Andrea had run from the room, wounded more deeply than even she realized by Pola’s malice.

At the end of that disastrous summer, Andrea was sent to a select academy in Switzerland, to be taught the graces and the conduct which would be required of her as Count Wasylyk’s daughter. Incidentally she received the excellent education for which the school was renowned throughout Europe. Although she was allowed to spend her brief school holidays with her father, there was never again the feeling of family, nor was she able to convince herself that she mattered personally to anyone, except perhaps Stacia. This lady, widow of a distant cousin, had been installed as official chaperone for Pola, who ignored her when she was not defying her. Cousin Stacia was the only person who ever gave Andrea a feeling of belonging, so it was with real pleasure that the girl embarked with her upon the exciting trip to London.

But from what Stacia was saying now, things would be no different, no better than they had been. “Why did he send for me, Stacia?” she asked wistfully.

“You are to be a bridesmaid—the only one,” she added grimly. “Pola has made no friends among the other girls of good family. For one thing, she’s too old for the debutante group—she’s twenty-six, and practically an ape-leader, for all her flirtatious ways. Never found anyone she could settle on. Just like your father—but there,” Stacia caught herself up, “I mustn’t fret you with my silly gabble-mongering.” It was hard, the older woman thought, to remember that this grave, amber-eyed girl was only seventeen and a virtual infant as far as worldly knowledge went. Her serious, interested manner invited one to run on, to confide matters which had better not be spoken of, and surely not before such a child. Smiling, she patted the slender hand on the set beside her. “Not much further now, my dear. We’ll be in your father’s new home within the hour.”

Andrea looked out the window, but she saw nothing of the country they were driving through. Instead she wondered about the haste with which she had been summoned to take part in this wedding ceremony—and even more confusing, why it was taking place in London rather than in Count Vladimir’s palace in Warsaw.





Two nights after her arrival in London, Andrea got the first inkling that there was some menace to her family in this very unusual wedding. She heard her father and Stacia discussing the guest list. Count Vladi firmly overruled Stacia’s timid suggestion that they invite some old family friends from Poland.

“No, my dear cousin, you know we had agreed to keep the group small. Kyle himself doesn’t want a splash—the poor devil’s been avoiding Parson’s mousetrap for years! He’s little like to want to play off his consequence for the delectation of a mob of curious gapeseeds.”

Stacia had bridled. “I find your English slang grossly offensive, Vladi! Where you pick up these canting expressions—! Still, you do not put me off. Uncle Ignace can scarcely be called a gapeseed, nor can Great Aunt Tylla!—whatever is a gapeseed?” she broke off to enquire.

Count Vladimir chuckled. “The kind of rural rustic who wishes to come to a wedding of people he doesn’t care a fig for,” he advised her. “You know those two dodderers haven’t given any of us a thought for years—unless it was to shake their heads over our scandalous behavior.”

Stacia had to admit that was true, but she held to her point. “There is something havey-cavey about this ceremony which disturbs me.”

“ ‘Havey-cavey? Now there’s a fine English phrase for a nice Polish aristocrat to use,” he teased her.

“You won’t trick me into abandoning my subject,” Stacia warned him. “What is behind this quiet, hurried ceremony?”

Vladimir seemed to be weary of the conversation. He rose and walked toward the door of Stacia’s sitting room. Andrea ensconced on a window seat outside the door in the hallway, drew back into a corner behind a drapery. She must hear what her father had to say in answer to Stacia’s question. But all he said, in a cool, bored voice, was, “You had better ask Kyle. It’s as much his pigeon as Pola’s.”

When he strolled off, Andrea returned to her room. After dinner that evening she was summoned by a maid to Pola’s bedroom to discuss her bridesmaid’s dress. Approaching the door, she overheard her father’s voice raised in anger. “I seem to be eavesdropping all the time now,” the girl thought distressfully. But it was becoming increasingly important to her to discover what was behind the behavior of Count Vladi and Pola.

“—tell you she is family!” Vladi was saying angrily.

Pola’s tone was icy. “Not quite. She is the mine-owner’s grandchild.”

“And my daughter!”

“You’ve got dozens of them in Poland, I dare swear—” began Pola with a sneer.

“You go too far.” Count Vladimir’s voice was as cold as his daughter’s. “Andrea is my legal child. Her mother’s fortune bought your new hunter and the emeralds, and is paying for your trousseau—”

“You evade the issue,” Pola interrupted, her voice rising. “She should never have been brought here for her own sake. She was safer in that school. You read the note! Her life could be in danger in London!”

With a rare flash of venom, Count Vladi interrupted. “Or she might outshine you, my pet? She’s grown into a striking girl. Not just every man’s taste, perhaps—”

Pola’s laughter made Andrea shrink.

“Not any man’s taste while I am here, Vladi! The child is a boy-girl, graceless and without charm. Send her back to her safe, sexless halls of academe, papa! Maybe a professor will offer for her!”

Andrea crept back to her own bedroom. She would not answer when Pola’s maid came to see why she had not gone to her sister’s room to try on the bridesmaid’s dress.





Chapter Two



In the next ten days Andrea was swept into a whirl—if not the social round, at least a small back-eddy—of activity. It seemed she had nothing to wear which would not disgrace the family, even if no one was likely to see her. The days were busy with visits from dressmakers, bonnet-makers, coiffeuses, shoemakers, even a tailor for the new riding habit Vladi ordered for her, with a skirt so long and sweeping that it had to be draped over one arm. Andrea, jealous of the comfort of breeches, hated it.

There were vendeuses who brought frothy undergarments and scarves and veils, and one formidable female with a moustache who came to fit the bridesmaid’s dress. Andrea saw little of Pola, who openly resented her presence in London. Unhappily, she saw even less of her father. She did not feel particularly neglected, since neither member of her family had ever had time for her. Still, her sense of anxiety fully roused by the remarks she had overheard, she ventured into her father’s book-room two nights before the wedding. Count Vladi was, for once, alone. He was enjoying a glass of brandy and a cigar.

“Papa,” she said quietly, “why are we here?”

The man frowned at her before he answered. “I should have thought it clearly evident,” he made a humorous gesture toward her elaborate evening gown. “We are preparing for Pola’s wedding.”

Andrea persisted. “But why here, in England? Why not in Warsaw?”

“Do not puzzle your head with such matters, child,” he began; then, sensitive for once to the expression on her face, he vouchsafed her a plausible explanation. “I made a better alliance for Pola here in England than I could have done at home,” he said lightly. “Pity the poor father who has two daughters to marry off, and no son to secure the succession and the rents. I suppose I shall have to look about for a suitable parti for you before long,” he concluded, and took a hearty mouthful of his brandy as though the prospect daunted him.

Although he conversed kindly enough with her for a few minutes longer, enquiring about the school and her activities there, he soon tired of the unaccustomed role of pater familias, and dismissed her to Cousin Stacia in the ladies’ parlor.

In the pleasantly impersonal confines of this room, Andrea faced an inquisition from Stacia. “Whyever did you choose that gown, child? It’s ages too old for you, and the color makes you look bilious.”

“Pola chose it,” said Andrea woodenly.

Stacia shot her a glance, and then changed the subject.

After an hour of desultory chit-chat, Andrea excused herself and escaped to her room and the novel she had borrowed from the lending library. But even that soporific failed, and Andrea was forced to consider her situation.

Her father and sister had left Poland and come to England. Pola had been launched most successfully into the beau monde, and had gratified all her well-wishers by securing a prize, Lord Justin of Kyle. At this point, Andrea had been brought hastily to London to participate in the ceremony, but her father and sister quarreled as to the wisdom of this step, and Pola had hinted at serious danger. From whom? And why? Andrea shook her head in exasperation. If only someone would confide in her! It seemed the only use her family had for her was as a source of money for their extravagances. Until now, Andrea had felt sorrow but no resentment at the cavalier treatment she usually received. But Pola’s recent speeches and actions were becoming intolerable to a girl who was more now than a child, and who, in her school at least, had grown accustomed to a measure of affection and respect. She was, in point of fact, grateful for the impeccable social training the school had provided, as well as for the gentle concern and friendliness of several of her teachers. Her training was thorough enough to allow Andrea to realize the extent of her sister’s self-willed flouting of convention and good taste—and worse, her utter insensitivity. Andrea, unlike those persons who came under the spell of Pola’s vivid charm and high spirits, was not blinded to her sister’s cruelty and selfishness.

The immediate cause of Andrea’s resentment was her sister’s behavior concerning the bridesmaid’s costume. There was to be no rehearsal. Andrea’s dress, ordered by Pola, had just arrived. The younger girl had been told to put it on and present herself for her sister’s approval. The costume surprised Andrea. It was almost like a nun’s habit—high neckline, long sleeves, full-gathered skirt just brushing the floor. In color it was palest green. With it came a pale green veil, floor length all around, which was held on Andrea’s head by a circlet of white artificial flowers. Looking at herself in the small mirror above her bureau, Andrea felt anonymous. It could be anyone under that veil—or no one!

She ran downstairs and to the front of the house to her sister’s suite. In her anger, she didn’t knock, but threw open the door and entered in a swirl of pale green draperies. Pola, trying on a pair of diamond earrings which were part of a magnificent set the groom had sent her, glanced up with eyebrows raised in cool enquiry.

“I don’t know why you bothered to send to Switzerland for me to attend you,” the younger girl blurted out. “Any woman would have done as well, since this—this costume conceals my identity completely.”

Pola’s smile held malice. “You do look odd—like an animated candle-snuffer. But you’ll have to direct your complaints to Vladi. He instructed the seamstress.”

Andrea frowned. “Did father choose this dress for me?”

“As a matter of fact, little sister, he did. We agreed on the color and the general style.” Pola pulled off the earrings; tossed them carelessly onto the dressing table, and clasped the heavy diamond necklace around her throat. “Since no one will be looking at anybody but me tomorrow, I fail to see what difference it makes how you look.”

Sitting there in the light of a dozen candles in her satin and lace underclothing, Pola was an eye-filling, voluptuous creature. Her dark-red hair flowed down over her white shoulders, and her slanted green eyes glittered behind heavy white lids. An unfamiliar anger, ignited when Andrea had first seen the damping dowdiness of her green costume, now flared up hotly in her breast. Her outer manner became cooler, however, as she said slowly, “Am I to take it, then, that you both felt my person would embarrass you? Then why bring me here at all?”

“Oh, don’t be tiresome, little sister. Your appearance means very little to anyone, since all eyes will be on me,” she preened her lovely neck, making the diamonds around it sparkle with a hundred fires, “but of course, as the only other member of the family, you must be present.” Andrea caught a wary look in the lustrous jade green eyes, but her sister was so unfamiliar to her that the younger girl could not read meaning into the glance.

The question she had been asking herself all this week came automatically to her lips. “Why did we come to London? Surely your friends and my father’s are all in Warsaw?”

“That’s true,” said Pola with sudden anger. “And believe me, it won’t be long before I’m back there, and in Paris, and all the places I hunger to visit! This time, with a healthy husband to pay my bills.” Pola laughed deep in her throat, a husky sound that Andrea knew she cultivated because she thought it was attractive to men. The older woman ran her eyes over the tall, slender figure standing before her. “You’d better learn that the smart huntsman goes where the game is. And Milord of Kyle is the biggest game there is!”

“You don’t love him,” Andrea stated.

“Of course not,” Pola laughed. “But he’s presentable and richer than Croesus. Richer even than you. Old, too—so he won’t be too much trouble for me to handle.”

“Old? How could father—” Andrea protested.

Pola interrupted. “Oh, not aged! He’s thirty-five.” Since Pola, though she would not admit it, was twenty-six, Andrea was puzzled, and her expression revealed it. Pola looked sullen and snapped, “He’s a cold, arrogant man. Doesn’t look as though he’d ever smiled in his life. It’s no wonder he hasn’t been able to find a wife.”

But Andrea had had to listen to Cousin Stacia’s interminable talk about the wealth, handsome face and figure, and superb lineage of the groom-to-be, and she scrutinized her sister’s beautiful, self-indulgent face carefully. Why wasn’t Pola in alt over the match? However she decried him, her affianced husband was admittedly the greatest catch of the season, a veritable nonpareil.

Was there someone else—a younger man, perhaps a Polish gentleman whose pretensions the count had depressed? Was this the reason for the trip to London and the quiet wedding? Andrea longed to ask her sister, but Pola’s expression was closed and forbidding, and a moment later she sent the younger girl away.





The wedding itself was like a confused bad dream to Andrea. In the small ballroom, lighted by dozens of candles, her veil had as effectively prevented her seeing the few guests as them seeing her. Pola and Dominic Justin, a magnificently handsome couple, had paused only long enough to drink the conventional toasts and receive the congratulations of the guests before retiring to change clothing and set out at once for the groom’s principal estate in Scotland. Andrea heard some murmurs of surprise and speculation about the hurried departure, usually followed, however, by a remark on the inflexible selfishness of Lord Justin, and less frequently by some ribald comment on his eagerness to get his wife to himself. Andrea had been startled, when it was all over and the guests had gone, to hear her father and Cousin Stacia congratulating each other on the successful speedy conclusion of the ceremony.

“Well, she ought to be safe enough now,” vouchsafed Stacia.

Vladimir, catching sight of Andrea, said something quickly in a low voice and both of them turned to regard the girl. Wearily she removed the veil and dropped it into a chair. The green dress and the long confinement under the veil did nothing to improve her appearance; she looked drained and lifeless. Vladimir frowned. She could see in his face that he was making a disparaging comparison between his two daughters.

“Green really isn’t my best color,” she offered, smiling a little pathetically.

“You looked very—suitable, child,” said Stacia in an effort to be kind.

Vladimir shrugged and smothered a yawn.

“After so much excitement, I believe I’ll seek a quiet evening at my club,” he said, not quite looking at Andrea. “I’m sure you ladies will have a great deal to say to each other about the festivities. I bid you good evening.” He strode off to his favorite club, The Foreigners, leaving Andrea feeling lonelier than she ever had in her life.





Chapter Three



One morning later, Andrea waited until her father had left the house in his elegant curricle to go to The Foreigners Club, and Purvis the butler was in the cellar choosing the wine for dinner, before she sent the footman who was on duty at the front door to bring the carriage from the stables in the mews.

“Albert, you will please not inform anyone that I have gone out, especially Lady Stacia or Purvis. I am going to call upon Mrs. Drummond-Burrell, but I do not wish to make a stir over the matter.”

The young footman regarded her with admiration thoroughly mixed with concern. Nothing but a baby, Miss Andrea was, fresh out of her girl’s school in foreign parts, and not up to any of the rigs and rows of Town, whatever she’d learned from her teachers. A far cry she was from that hot-at-hand piece her older sister, now safely married and vanished into the wilds of Scotland, to the devout relief of the household. But whatever Miss thought, Albert was well aware that the daughter of a count did not jaunter about the metropolis unattended, even to call upon one of the queens of London society, the Patronesses of Almack’s. Blot her copyright and proper, Miss Andrea would, if she didn’t care. With a sister like hers, the quizzies would jump on any peccadillo. Albert had heard of Mrs. Drummond-Burrell’s icy respectability, and her refusal to forgive even the tiniest divergence from good ton. It was a nine-days wonder in the Town, her sponsorship of the Lady Pola. Count Vladi had a way with the ladies, no denying it! Proper charmer, the old boy! Mayhap the Burrell’s kindness would extend to Miss Andrea. Reluctantly Albert did as he was ordered. He checked the girl’s appearance as he handed her into the carriage. In spite of a very neat ankle, revealed as she stepped up into the vehicle, and a costume obviously of the first stare, Miss Andrea did not present a modish appearance. She was too slender and too tall. No feminine graces, Miss Andrea hadn’t. Her clean amber gaze was too steady and open, more like a young lad’s than pretty girl’s. Albert, himself a well-looking youth, thought critically that miss did not make enough of herself. What was the old lady up to, that she let missing herself out in clothes that didn’t do a thing for her? Yet there was something very likeable in the small, stern face when it softened into a smile. That miss was going to such a reputable address as Mrs. Drummond-Burrell’s town house reconciled Albert to seeing Andrea set out unaccompanied.

The girl sat back in the carriage and tried to marshal her thoughts. She knew that Mrs. Burrell was the coldest and most strait-laced of the powerful Patronesses of Almack’s—the Marriage Mart, as it was called in London—but the lady had introduced Pola into the beau monde when their father asked her to. Mrs. Drummond-Burrell had perhaps felt some softness for the handsome Polish aristocrat, for she had done a hitherto unprecedented thing and personally sponsored the motherless girl, launching her so successfully in the haut ton that Pola had snared that high-stickler, Lord Dominic Justin. For that reason Andrea had decided Mrs. Burrell might be the ideal person to advise Pola’s sister in her dilemma.

Mrs. Burrell made no secret of her surprise at receiving a young woman unaccompanied by chaperone or abigail. Andrea, who was extremely nervous at the thought of the purpose behind her visit, found the lady’s cold demeanor daunting. Plucking up her courage, however, she began in her pretty, low-voiced English.

“It is good of you to receive me, ma’am, on no notice whatever! But I have no mother, you see, and my chaperone, Mrs. Wasylyk, is—is not . . .”

“Your cousin Stacia is a widgeon,” snapped Mrs. Burrell, “and is forever talking. It is no great wonder she never remarried.”

“Just so, ma’am. However, I came because there is a matter which I cannot understand, and I hoped that you—”

“Let me have it in plain language, without bark on it, if you please,” said the good dame impatiently.

Andrea took a deep breath. “In short, ma’am, can you tell me why my father brought us to London, and married off my sister so—so quietly?”

Mrs. Burrell pursed her lips with displeasure but decided against giving one of her blighting snubs. How often had she regretted giving way to the cajoleries of that Polish charmer? Really, the whole affair was not in her style at all! Still, he was such a delightful man! She suppressed a sigh. Answer the chit, she told herself. She looks quite out of the average, as though she might be trusted to keep a secret . . . although why Vladimir hasn’t told her—really, most annoying! This will teach you never to permit sensibility to overcome judgment, she thought.

“Your father wished your sister to be removed from the very fast set of young noblemen with whom he had surrounded himself in Warsaw. Knowing me, and my position in London society, he was convinced that I could sponsor your sister and arrange a suitable match. Which I must say I did.” She had surprised even herself when she brought Kyle up to scratch. A triumph, considering Lord Justin’s well-known disinterest in the sex. “Kyle’s mother was just such a one as your sister, very hot-at-hand, which may be the reason for Lord Justin’s reluctance to wed. But Pola, besides being criminally lovely, is awake on all suits, and caught his fancy. He could never have endured an insipid miss for five minutes. Men, my dear,” confided Mrs. Burrell in an unaccustomed access of plain-speaking, “are easily bored by good women! Of course Vladimir was delighted to have her safely married to Kyle. No one would dare to breathe a word against Lord Dominic Justin’s wife!”

Andrea, not quite sure this last was a compliment to Pola, was nevertheless relieved at an explanation which she could accept as possible. “Thank you. I wondered a little at the whole affair,” she confessed.

“And are you now at ease in your mind?”

Andrea let her clear gaze rest on the hooded eyes of the older woman. “I am most grateful for your courtesy and forbearance to one who had no right to intrude upon your privacy,” the girl said quietly. “I know I am very green, but I think I am not stupid. It has seemed to me of late that my father was troubled. This might be because we have heard nothing from Pola since she left on her wedding day, although all of us have written to her every week. There was a note from Lord Justin, my father says, but only to inform us of their safe arrival at Kyle Castle.”

“Is your sister a devoted correspondent? I would not have thought it,” said Mrs. Burrell.

“No,” admitted Andrea. “I have never received a letter from her in my life.”

“Your father shows concern?” persisted Mrs. Burrell.

Andrea’s pale gold eyebrows drew slightly together. “Papa does not admit to being concerned. In fact, he speaks quite sharply to Cousin Stacia when she has been going on about it—”

“Vladimir has all my sympathy! That cousin of yours—!” Mrs. Burrell shuddered. “Yet still you feel he is worried at not hearing from your sister?”

“He does not share his thoughts with me, and indeed I know I have not the right to demand enlightenment. Good children should be seen but not heard,” she concluded with a small smile.

Mrs. Burrell was not a woman easily moved to compassion. She had to admit, however, that this child, so grave of demeanor, so classically exquisite of feature, had in some sort moved her. She looked more searchingly at the small, fine-boned face. Really remarkable eyes, she decided. She is better looking than I had at first thought. Perhaps in a few years . . .

“How old are you, child? And what is your name?”

“I am Andrea, and am seventeen.”

Good again! No missish airs. Almost too direct a manner, perhaps, for best style, but a welcome relief from coy and giggling maidens. “I like you, Andrea,” Mrs. Burrell was surprised to hear herself admit. “Have Vladimir bring you to me in a year and I shall see what I can do for you.”

Andrea excused herself with the proper expressions of gratitude, and took her departure in corrected form, “The chit’s been well-taught,” was Mrs. Burrell’s final judgment before she put the whole matter out of her cold, well-disciplined mind.





Arriving home half an hour later, Andrea walked into tragedy. Her first inkling was the sight of her father’s curricle standing before the door unattended, with a small crowd of strangers clustered on the pavement beside it. She rang, but Purvis was not there to swing open the door for her. The door stayed stubbornly closed. A red-faced Albert let her in after she had rung the bell several times. He had his mouth open to berate the bell-ringer before he realized who she was. Then his face became the smooth mask of the well-trained servant, and he said only, “I didn’t tell him where you’d gone, miss. You’d better go up to your father’s room.”

With this cryptic utterance he closed the front door and went to the small spy-hole which her father had had installed in order that the servants could observe who stood upon the doorstep before opening the door. Albert had obviously not been at his post when first Andrea rang the bell. This departure from established custom was more disturbing than his words. However, the girl did not pause to decipher the meaning of his first remark. She ran up the great stairway at a pace Mrs. Burrell would have roundly condemned. She hurried down the central hallway toward her father’s suite.

Within his bedroom there were several servants, including Purvis, and two strange gentlemen. One of these, who was bending over a body on the bed, seemed to be a doctor. Andrea caught her breath. The body on the bed was Count Vladimir’s.

“What is going on? Has my father been hurt?”

Everyone in the room turned to speak to her at once. She held up her hand, addressing the man who bent over her father. “You are a doctor, sir?”

“Belwin, Edward Belwin, at your service milady. Your father has had an accident.”

“Accident!” exclaimed the other stranger with lively indignation. “That’s wrapping it up in fine linen! This gentleman was murdered!”

The doctor cast a warning glance, and Purvis an affronted one, at the accuser. Andrea stared at him with horror. He was a young man, dressed in sober good style rather than á la modality. His rather plain face was tense with emotion. Disregarding the warning frowns of the doctor and the butler, he addressed himself to Andrea.

“I was there, ma’am. Present when the ‘accident’ occurred. There was a grubby rascal holding the horses outside your father’s club. I was walking down St. James’s Street, approaching the vehicle, and of course I noticed the horses. Thought it rash to trust such a nervous, highbred pair to the care of a hulking lout. Then your father came out of his club, walked down the steps, flung the grubby fellow a coin and said, ‘Stand to their heads till I give you the office,’ and prepared to mount up into the curricle.” The speaker took a much crumpled handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his forehead. “Happened like a flash! Fellow jabbed something into the near horse just as your father went off balance, mounting. He fell to the pavement heavily, and the —the murderer backed the horses over him!”

“That will be quite enough, sir!” ordered the doctor, angrily. The girl, white-faced, was swaying a little. Purvis was at her side in an instant.

“Let me lead you to your room, Miss Andrea. I’ll send your abigail to you. Lady Stacia is driving out, but I’ll have her attend you the instant she returns.”

Andrea swallowed hard. “Thank you, Purvis, but I must see my father first.”

Purvis’ glance queried the doctor. The latter shrugged.

“If there is no older immediate relative in the house? Very well, then.” He stood aside reluctantly from the head of the bed. Andrea came forward and looked steadily down upon her father.

The doctor had drawn a sheet up so that only Count Vladimir’s face was revealed. There was a deep gash at one side of his head, partly concealed by the damp, still-dark hair. The count’s face was very peaceful, very pale, the eyes closed. Andrea took one look and then her glance flew to the doctor’s face.

“He is—dead?” she whispered.

“Yes, I regret to say. He was dead when I arrived. No one could have saved him. The massive internal injuries alone . . . and there was that blow to the head—”

Andrea swayed against Purvis’ arm.

“You have to thank this young man,” the doctor continued. “He obtained your father’s address from the club doorman, enlisted the services of a servant to help him, and brought your father here.”

Purvis had had enough. “I’ll just take Miss Andrea to her room,” he said, grimly eyeing the medico. “Perhaps you might wish to leave a sedative draught?”

“Of course,” muttered the doctor. “I’ll follow you. There’s nothing more I can do here.”





It was not until late that evening that Andrea learned the full extent of her loss. A letter which had been sitting upon the elegant carved table beside a bowl of roses in the hall, forgotten in the stirring crisis and confusion, was found by Purvis and given to Lady Stacia with her dinner. She read it and lost color. Signalling to the butler, she held it out for him to read. This most unconventional behavior was excusable, perhaps, for the poor lady, never too bright at the best of times, had now no one closer than the drugged girl upstairs with whom to share her burdens. Purvis, rising to the emergency, had functioned as steward as well as butler, managing all the details during that dreadful day with resource and poise. As he absorbed the contents of the missive, however, even the imperturbable Purvis blanched.

“Not Miss Pola, too!—Lady Justin, I should say,” he corrected himself.

“What is happening to us?” whispered Lady Stacia.

Immediately Purvis regained his composure. “You’ll have to tell Miss Andrea, of course, but I should advise waiting until tomorrow morning.”

“Yes, yes!” agreed Lady Stacia. “The potion worked well. She is sleeping so peacefully . . . I couldn’t bear to awaken her just to tell her that her sister is dead too. Oh, this day!” The poor lady broke into a string of Polish phrases and rocked herself slightly back and forth in her chair.

This will never do, thought Purvis. Next thing, we’ll have one of the footmen in here and the whole household will fall apart. He went to the sideboard and poured a stiff shot of brandy. Taking it to Lady Stacia, he cleared his throat with enough force to obtain the poor creature’s attention.

“You must be strong, madam,” he said firmly. “Not only Miss Andrea but all the staff depend now upon your vision and strength.”

The distraught lady looked up at her servant through tear-washed eyes. She caught her breath on a sob, and then stammered, “On me? Yes, that’s true. The child has no one else now. Oh, Purvis, what am I to do?”

Good, thought Purvis. I can handle it if she doesn’t fall into the vapors. Proffering the brandy, he said, “You must drink this to recruit your strength, and then you must write a note to the count’s man of law. I shall see it is delivered first thing in the morning. And then, may I suggest that you retire? Miss Andrea will need all your help to support her through tomorrow.”

Lady Stacia drained the whole of the large glass of brandy Purvis had poured for her, and began to feel a little better. “Yes, I’ll take your advice, Purvis. Write the note to Parsnell; go to bed and try to sleep. Must be ready to comfort Andrea.”

“But not tonight,” said Purvis quietly. “In the morning, when you’re both rested.”

“Yes. Good thinking. In the morning.”

Purvis himself escorted the lady to her bedroom, where he gave her into the care of her dresser. There was no need for comment between these excellently-trained servants.





Chapter Four



Andrea sat alone in the room which had been her father’s study. Two weeks had passed since the day she had returned home from Mrs. Burrell’s mansion to find him dead. The news of Pola’s death by misadventure had been less of a shock, since her senses were already numbed by the first loss. On the desk in front of the girl was the letter from Lord Dominic Justin. It was addressed to her father, and seemed to Andrea to be the coldest, most heartless missive she had ever read.

My dear Count Wasylyk: I deeply regret having to inform you that your daughter has been killed in an accident. She was riding a new horse, and apparently lost control of the animal. There was a storm raging, and it was some time before the stableman informed me she had the horse out. She was dead at the foot of Castle Cliff when I found her.

You have, sir, my deepest sympathy in your loss. My steward, Alan, who bears this, will wait upon you tomorrow to learn whether it is your wish to come to Kyle Castle to see your daughter’s grave. The interment cannot be delayed until your arrival, since the state of the English roads is such that a journey of several days is required to reach Kyle by coach.

Again, my condolences and regrets.

It was signed with a slashing JUSTIN.

No word of Pola—of his love and personal sorrow! Trying to control her anger at the man’s insensitivity, Andrea began to consider a course of action. She had denied herself to all callers during the past two weeks, permitting Cousin Stacia to receive them in her stead. But she was beginning to feel irked by her seclusion. She faced the fact that her grief was becoming overshadowed by a rising suspicion. Who was the “hulking lout” who had, perhaps accidentally, perhaps deliberately, caused her father’s death? He had never been seen again, nor had a careful search by the Bow Street Runners turned up any clue to his identity.

And then there was the even more unlikely accident to Pola, a superb horsewoman, accustomed to riding mountain trails in any kind of weather. Was it only a gruesome coincidence that she had died in exactly the same manner as her mother?

Andrea pulled herself up sharply. What was she thinking? That someone had planned a murder—two murders? To her surprise, she found that she was convinced, for whatever vague, irrational reasons, that Pola’s death had been no accident, but murder. She thought back carefully over the whole series of events since she had been so hastily summoned to England to play a role in the wedding of her sister. Why London? Why the small guest list? Why the hasty departure of the newly-married couple? Why no answers to the letters she and her father had sent to Pola? And finally, why the repetitious character of the tragedy?

Her father’s reticence about family affairs she was forced to discount. He had never really shared anything with her except his name, and occasionally his home. So the fact that she had felt him to be under some kind of strain in the few weeks they had been together in London was not a significant element in the puzzle which confronted her . . . the deadly puzzle, if her suspicions were correct.

Andrea frowned. Whom could she consult for answers to her questions? It was unthinkable that she should approach Mrs. Drummond-Burrell again, although that lady had meticulously observed all the correct forms in sending flowers and letters of condolence. Who, then?

Cousin Stacia, of course! The older woman had revealed unexpected strength in the two weeks just past, rising to the emergency with a command she had never before displayed. Andrea got up, and folding Lord Justin’s letter, placed it in her reticule. Then she went out into the hall to discover the whereabouts of her cousin.

Stacia was found in the ladies’ parlor, where she sat embroidering a cushion and enjoying the sunlight from an open French window. Her face lighted up with pleasure as Andrea entered.

“So boring, embroidery, I always think,” she began, smiling. “I’ve done it for so many years it has become almost second nature, yet I must confess I never really enjoyed it. Nor,” regarding her rather straggly design, “have I ever learned to do it well. But you didn’t come in to listen to me chattering about my wretched needlework! What’s troubling you, child?”

“I need to talk to you about the family.” Now that she had actually initiated the topic, it seemed difficult for Andrea to admit her suspicions.

Cousin Stacia was regarding her closely. “Of course, child. What did you wish to know?”

Andrea took the plunge boldly. “I find that I am unable to accept as coincidence the fact that my father and my sister died of supposed accidents within the same week.”

Instead of uttering cries of distress, or presenting a facade of ignorance, Cousin Stacia considered Andrea’s challenge coolly. At length she replied, “I must confess some such suspicion had entered my own mind. Would you like to tell me your ideas about this tragedy?”

Andrea, grateful for the unexpected support, carefully related her own doubts. When she had faltered to a close, her cousin nodded slowly.

“I agree. There is much which must be explained, or at the least, more clearly examined. To add to what you say, I have some other details. Albert told me a tall man had come to enquire for you and your father just after you had left this house. Mindful of his promise to you, Albert declined to divulge where you had gone, but saw no reason not to inform this plausible, well-dressed stranger of your father’s whereabouts. From this I deduce that the stranger was a man of some address, since Albert is such a snob that he would never give any information to one he considered to be outside your father’s social circle.”

Andrea was amazed. “However did you find all this out, Cousin Stacia? If Albert refused to confide in the stranger—I had gone to call on Mrs. Drummond-Burrell, by the way—how did you get him to tell you anything?”

“I have my ways of obtaining information,” the older woman said with a certain complacency. “My point is that this enquiring stranger has never returned. Of this I am quite sure.”

“Could it have been Milord Justin’s steward?” suggested Andrea.

Stacia shook her head. “That good man, by name Alan, waited upon me the day after your father’s death. He behaved just as he ought, and said that all was fitting in the situation. La, Andrea!” Stacia gurgled, her eyes sparkling, “he was a fine figure of a man, big and solid and with that terrible male dignity!” She sighed. “Just about my age, too. I grow exceedingly tired of being ages older than all the men I meet!”

Andrea found herself in considerable sympathy with her cousin. “In my case, they are all too old,” she observed, “or I am too young.”

“At least yours is a handicap which will diminish with time,” retorted Stacia. “Now where are we? Oh, yes, the mysterious stranger! Albert saw Alan when he came, and avers that he was not the enquiring stranger” She paused, frowning. “Oh, I begin to see where your suspicions are leading you.” Her eyes opened very wide. “Can it be that you think Lord Justin might have been instrumental in causing the death of his wife and his father–in-law? I cannot think it! For what should be his reasons?”

Andrea was relieved to note that her cousin had shown none of the conventional horrified rejection of the idea which might have been expected. Truly, the older woman was revealing unsuspected strengths!

“I hadn’t got that far in my speculations,” the girl admitted. “Could it be the dowry?”

“Oh, no! Lord Justin was the giver, not the receiver. The settlement which he made upon your sister was princely. And from all I hear, he need hardly regard even that sum. He is tremendously wealthy.”

“They why would he wish to kill my sister and my father? Can you not think of the reason, Stacia?” persisted the girl.

Her cousin regarded her with a troubled gaze. “You seem so sure that it was he who did so. Yet I cannot think of a single reason why he should wish to. Far more likely that it was just a tragic coincidence, or even that some trouble from Vladi’s past, or Pola’s, should have found its resolution here.”

“That is what I hoped you might be able to tell me,” Andrea said. “I know so little of my family . . . you know I have scarcely spent a month in any year together with them since I was nine years old. I have no knowledge of their affairs, their hopes, their fears!”

Stacia pursed her lips. “It is your right to know as much as I can tell you,” she decided, “although I must admit that neither of them ever confided in me. Your sister has always been a willful, difficult girl. Just, I may add, like her mother. Vladi never would make the slightest effort to control her. Indeed, I often thought he urged her on, enjoyed her outrageous exploits.” Stacia brooded darkly. “The Wasylyks have ever been wild creatures, proud of their excesses. You, on the other hand, much resemble your excellent mama, a delightful woman who could have done wonders with your father, had she lived. But you are right. I too, have often wondered why we came so unexpectedly to London. I must tell you that Pola’s name was being bandied about in Warsaw society, and whatever Vladi’s shortcomings, lack of family pride was not one of them.”

“My sister was notorious?” whispered Andrea.

“Oh, most people forgave her her unconventional behavior; the men because of her beauty, the women because of her lineage. Also because all the female social arbiters were nutty upon Vladi, and he played up to them,” Stacia added knowledgeably. “The best thing about Vladi was that he really liked women, and entered into their concerns with interest.”

“Except mine,” Andrea found herself saying. “He’s hardly spoken to me fifty times in my life.”

“Yes, well—” Cousin Stacia was disconcerted. Then she said vaguely, “Of course a daughter is bound to be different, especially such a young one. I have not a doubt in the world that he would have come to a very good understanding with you, as he did with Pola, now that you are growing older.”

“Then I have Milord Justin to thank for cheating me of that pleasure,” said Andrea bitterly.

Stacia considered her soberly. “You really feel that Lord Dominic Justin is a murderer, child? How should you have formed such an adverse opinion on the basis of a few hours’ acquaintance?”

“That is, in some cases, I am persuaded, enough and more than enough time. The man is cold, arrogant, indifferent to the feelings of others,” Andrea averred hotly. “And as if his manner were not sufficient, there is this letter. I challenge you to tell me this is the letter of a bereaved bridegroom!”

Stacia shook her head. “You place too much weight upon a formal condolence, child. Many men seek to hide their emotions under a facade of strength and indifference. I believe the English call it keeping a stiff upper lip. English noblemen—and Scotsmen, too, I imagine, as they go to the same schools—consider it demeaning to betray deep emotion in public.”

“A letter of condolence to one’s father-in-law can hardly be called a public disclosure!” protested Andrea.

“True; yet think, child, if he had indeed killed his wife of a month, why would he hasten to London by stealth and murder the very father to whom he was writing this note of condolence which has you so in a pucker?”

Andrea shrugged. “Who can say, with such a man? But I have decided one thing, Cousin Stacia. I am going to Kyle Castle and seek for myself the full story of Pola’s death.”

“Impossible!” breathed her cousin, horror-stricken. “You are not out of mourning, and will not be for a year—by which time all clues will be cold or removed,” she added, practically. “You are a young girl, alone, not yet out in society. What possible excuse could you give for such a journey? No,” she went on hastily, “do not tell me you will propose to go to comfort your sister’s husband in his grief, for I’ve a strong notion he isn’t the kind of man who’d appreciate that kind of attention!”

“I had not intended to go as myself, or to advertise the connection,” said Andrea, as calmly as if the idea had not just presented itself to her.

Stacia was betrayed into an open-mouthed stare.

Warming to her theme, Andrea elaborated. “I’ll wear man’s clothing, cut off my hair, send a small trunk ahead to Kyle and ride the new mare father just bought me—”

“Not a mare, child,” objected Stacia. “The men of your family would ride only stallions. Besides, what possible reason could you give for turning up at Kyle Castle?”

“Oh, I won’t present myself at the Castle,” said Andrea, improvising airily. “I’ll stay at a local inn, something quiet and unpretentious, and say I am writing a book or something. That should excuse my questioning the locals—”

“Nonsense,” said Stacia, dampening enthusiasm. “Writing a book, indeed! A wretched excuse! You’d better be studying something—the local legends, or history of the Justin family—no, that would rouse too much interest and cause you to be subjected to particular attention. I think your best plan would be to give it out that you are studying something innocuous and quite impersonal, like flora and fauna of southern Scotland, or clams, or something equally dull.”

Andrea gazed at her cousin with delight. “Why have you never been like this before, Stacia? Or have you, and I was just not home enough to really appreciate you?”

Stacia blushed becomingly. “I truly believe I have achieved a new lease on life. Perhaps it is being forced to manage the household, to make the decisions, to be finally important in someone’s life . . . Dear child, I’d like to go with you on your quest, foolhardy though it appears to me to be. Dangerous, too. You must remember,” her voice became grave, “your sister Pola was extravagant and fiery-tempered, but it was not those qualities which made her the talk of the Warsaw. She was, though I regret to tell you of it, a wicked girl. She delighted in arousing her numerous suitors to excesses of emotion and then laughing at them. She pitted one youth against another—the duels she caused!—then quite ruthlessly discarded both when a more interesting prospect appeared. It was in the cards that such an end as she has suffered should befall her. Possibly she tried her new husband’s patience too far—he looked an arrogant, unforgiving creature, it is true! But we did not think disaster would reach her here, in England, where she was scarcely known. Yet how quickly one’s past catches up to one! I myself overheard a quizzy female discussing Pola at Almack’s one evening. ‘She is a great deal too wild and cunning, in spite of her noble birth,’ the lady was confiding to her friends, ‘Milady Hot-at-Hand, I hear they call her in the gentlemen’s clubs! Someone ought to warn Justin what he’s getting into!’ And then all the quizzies smirked and grimaced knowingly, and one of them said, ‘It won’t hurt that starched-up creature to be taken down a peg or two! Our own lovely English girls aren’t good enough for him. Let’s see how he handles this outrageous lady!’ I trembled for Pola, and for your father, but apparently no one had the brass to gossip to Milord Justin about his fiancée.”

“Perhaps someone did, too late, and he took his revenge,” suggested Andrea, narrow-eyed.

“No, I am sure you are mistaken, child. Such ideas come from reading too many lending library romances. In real life, things never happen so interestingly,” chided her cousin.

To which Andrea replied, “But father is dead, and so is Pola! And I must find out what truly occurred, for I cannot accept that both would die by ill-chance within a few days of one another.”

“You may be right, child,” admitted Stacia. “And if so, the murderer must be brought to justice. But do you not think perhaps the Bow Street Runners—?” She answered her own question before Andrea could speak. “No, of course not. The matter must have no public airing. Too much that is harmful to our family could be disclosed. You must try to find out what you can, but I beg of you, Andrea, take no risks. Be content to discover the truth if you can. Then come to me with what you have learned, and we shall decide what is to be done about it.”

It did not occur to either of these nobly-born ladies that the course upon which the younger one was embarking was not only supremely dangerous if their suspicions were correct, but also quite unacceptable as the conduct of a well-bred girl. Cousin Stacia, as well as being bird-witted, was rather flown with her own emerging importance and competence in a household where she had so long been little regarded. And Andrea had had no experience whatever of the great world she now proposed to enter in a disguise which laid her open to embarrassments she was too naive to envision. She did not entertain for a moment the notion that she herself might become a byword in polite society, or be considered a lady even more hot-at-hand than her notorious sister.





Chapter Five



To her credit, Stacia did suffer a few qualms as she abetted Andrea in her design to investigate Pola’s death. Unfortunately, her scruples were not sufficiently powerful to cause her to put an end to the ill-advised scheme. Her life had been so circumscribed by her humble position in the family that she was quite carried away by this opportunity to act boldly, and all the suppressed fervors of her widowed existence were suddenly rampant.

There was much to be thought of. All must be done without the servants’ knowledge, which fact presented, as both ladies were well aware, almost insuperable obstacles. Challenged, and, if it be admitted, more than a little pleased at the clandestine nature of their activities, the older lady revealed Machiavellian duplicity in the execution of their unconventional plan. First she caused it to be set abroad in the household that Miss Andrea was returning to her school in Switzerland for a time, to restore her shattered nerves in familiar and cloistered surroundings. To prepare for the trip, it was essential to shop for a more suitable wardrobe for the girl. Thus with complete propriety Andrea and her cousin were driven to various establishments purveying clothing. If Tom Coachman wondered at the less than exclusive character of the shops of their choice, naturally he said nothing beyond a casual remark in servants’ hall to the effect that the old dame was bit of a pinch-penny. Milord would have had his daughter to the finest modiste in London, he opined. To which Purvis retorted that since Miss was supposed to be in mourning, and a schoolgirl at that, it was quite suitable she be dressed sober-like.

Thus turned loose in the Pantheon Bazaar and similar places, the ladies purchased clothing for a mythical twin brother who happened to be exactly the size of Andrea. Later, while the servants were safely occupied at their dinner, Andrea packed their purchases in a modest portmanteau and the small trunk which had held her schoolgirl wardrobe.

“I sha’n’t be a top-of-the-trees dandy, nor even point-device,” she sighed as she folded the sober blue cloth coat and breeches.

Cousin Stacia was betrayed into a titter quite unsuitable for a proper duenna. “My love, have you considered? Your appearance in these garments, I mean! Should anyone recognize you in such attire, you would be quite disgraced.”

Andrea regarded the breeches with approval. “I really can find it in my heart to envy males, when I consider the freedom and comfort of their attire. Only think, Cousin Stacia! No layers of clinging skirts to hamper and hobble one, no tight-laced stays, no garlands of shawls and lappets and rattling necklaces to bind and distract! It is a matter of wonder to me that women have not rebelled against the confinement of their attire!”

“Never dare to breathe such heresy, child!” advised her chaperone. Then she smiled. “It’s a blessing you’re practically unknown in London, and an even greater one that you will be carrying out this masquerade in the far north, whence, I daresay, few even of the gentry ever get up to Town. There’s no chance you’ll be recognized,” she comforted herself.

“Even had every soul in Kyle Village been a regular visitor to London, I should be in no danger, for I was kept so close that no one but our own servants ever really saw me,” As she spoke, Andrea was stuffing more garments into her trunk. “I’ll take both pairs of my riding breeches and boots. Thank Heaven my father didn’t decide to put me in a lady’s habit till I reached London.”

One of Count Vladimir’s special concerns had been that both his daughters be taught to ride Cossack style, astride. Although this shocked both his own social circle and Andrea’s school-teachers, he had insisted. He was resolved to have no more such dreadful accidents as the one which cost him his beloved first wife. The death of Pola’s mother had caused him to prefer the safety of a proper seat upon the animal over the mincing propriety of side-saddles and draped skirts. So both daughters were taught to ride by a former cavalry officer, and both had habits made in the masculine style by the count’s own tailor.





The night before the two ladies were to set out for Dover—for Cousin Stacia had spread it abroad that she was conducting Andrea to meet a teacher there—the cutting of Andrea’s long golden hair was accomplished, not without sentimental tears on the older woman’s part. “This is sacrilege,” she murmured as her scissors sheared through the heavy, shining layers.

Andrea was too young, or too lacking in vanity, to mourn. “No scholar of the male persuasion would be found with a head of flowing hair,” Andrea told her. “I should be forever worrying lest my hat should fall off and the whole mass come tumbling down about my shoulders.”

Stacia shuddered at the thought of that contretemps, then chuckled irrepressibly. “What a start it would give everyone within viewing distance,” she said.

“Especially if it occurred in a tavern,” added Andrea.

“A tavern!” almost shrieked her cousin. “You cannot mean it, my love! I must refuse to let you take one step outside the door until you swear to me that you will never put foot in such a place!”

“I think you are right. The young student I shall be impersonating would have neither the funds nor the time to waste in roistering.” Unaware of her cousin’s incredulous stare, she peered at her shorn head in the mirror. “I think you have done an excellent job of it.” The short hair was beginning to reveal a tendency to curl. She brushed it into her conception of a fashionable style. “Now, the hat!” she announced, lifting a curly-brimmed beaver from its box, she set it at a careful angle on the short curls. Regarding her image with complacency, she said, “I look the complete gentleman.”

Stacia pursed her lips. “Very handsome, young sir. You’ll have half the maidens in sight swooning after you.”

“God forbid,” intoned Andrea piously, then broke into a chuckle. “I have also thought that I must practice speaking in a lowered voice, and not squeaking if I should see a mouse.”

“Lud, child, do you do so? Squeak, I mean. I would not have thought it of you!”

They joined in a laugh, but Stacia was secretly much struck with Andrea’s appearance. In truth, she made a prettier man than she had a girl. Was it the soft head of golden curls, which revealed the beautiful line of chin and throat as the heavy mass of long, hanging hair had never done? Or was it the new air of excitement which brought a flush of color to the pale cheeks and a light of interest and determination to the great amber eyes, black-lashed, which had been the one notable feature of the stern, fine-boned face? Whatever it was, Andrea made a handsome youth, and Stacia began to wonder, too late, about the propriety of what they were attempting. For no one, man or woman, with eyes in his head, would fail to notice the remarkably good-looking boy; or, having noticed, fail to question.

Andrea was already sweeping up the long golden locks from the floor and consigning them to the fire. There was a good draught, so the smoke was drawn up the chimney, and only the faintest reek of burnt hair lingered in the room. The small portmanteau was packed with the white shirts and handkerchiefs they had purchased, the lengths of soft cloth Andrea had bought to bind up her young breasts, and the underwear which Stacia had blushed over.

“We forgot an overcoat, my child! You’ll need something warm and durable if you plan to ride north,” advised Stacia.

“I’ll wear one of my father’s. He has a hunting coat that he wore in the rain. It is short and has two small shoulder capes. I remember it from last winter, at the castle.”

“But will he have packed it? Is it here?” worried Stacia.

“We must go and see while the servants are still at table,” decided Andrea. The two ladies crept down the hall to the heavily-shrouded apartments formerly occupied by the count. Here, after prudently locking the door, they rummaged in the massive wardrobes and found a short driving coat which pleased Andrea better than the garment of her first choice. Although she had doffed the beaver in her own room, hiding it in its box, and was wearing one of her new black gowns, the driving coat looked very well, if a trifle large. It gave her slight frame a bulkiness it did not actually possess, and was so modish that it turned the girl into quite a smart figure of young manhood, as Cousin Stacia was pleased to comment.

“Bravo!” she smiled. “I vow I could fall quite in love with you, child, in that garment! How lucky men are to be able to wear really warm coats of such style. I swear I half freeze in my silks and laces when I go abroad in this wretched climate!”

“I do look well,” decided Andrea, posturing in front of her father’s large cheval glass. She rummaged a little further, and found some fine cravats and a pair of beautiful soft leather riding gloves. They were not much too large, the Count having possessed a slender, elegant hand, so she appropriated them. His boots were too big, and she eyed the shining rows of them with frustration. “As things stand, I have only my two pairs of riding boots and those ridiculous slippers you purchased for me at the Pantheon,” she whispered as they tiptoed back to Andrea’s room.

“I couldn’t resist the tigers embroidered on the toes, my love,” confessed Stacia. “No one will ever see them, for you’ll wear them only in your bedroom.”

“They will be comfortable after a day spent in riding boots,” the girl agreed. “Thank you, dear Stacia, for everything!”

“I only hope we don’t both live to regret this wild venture,” said her cousin, gloomily. The sight of the girl in a man’s greatcoat had shaken her more than she cared to admit. Andrea was so small, and the coat was so big. The coat, and the world, she thought anxiously. What was she letting the child run into? But she knew enough of this young, little regarded cousin to understand her will and high courage, and to respect the quiet poise learned through years of loneliness and rejection.





The transfer went with ease. The two ladies, shepherded by Tom Coachman and two footmen, were safely ensconced in the largest, busiest inn at Dover. They had adjoining rooms, and kept the inn maids running up and down with hot water and tea trays and ridiculous errands until everyone was heartily sick of these demanding guests and kept out of their way as much as possible. Having encouraged that attitude deliberately, the ladies then proceeded to put their scheme into action.

Andrea changed into masculine clothing in her room, checked her well-filled purse, and walked quietly downstairs and out a side door at an hour when the mail-coach was just discharging its passengers. In the bustle, no one took note of a slim youth who might have been visiting someone at the inn. Once free of the hostel, the youth proceeded to a public stable where the ladies had noticed horses were being offered for sale, since it appeared that gentlemen occasionally rode to the port and disposed of their mount before boarding the boat for France.

Andrea chose a small, neatish black with a wise and gentle eye, who answered to the name of Boyo. She purchased a saddle and gear and rode off to the modest inn they had chosen for the transfer. The small trunk and portmanteau were already there, delivered by a bored ostler who thought more of the tip he got than the job he was doing. So “Mr. Tad Bartholomew” took up a brief and unexceptional residence in the house, and keep very much to himself until he had arranged to have his few possessions delivered to Kyle Village within the week. Then he set forward upon his journey, riding Boyo and accompanied by the prayers and guilty apprehension of Cousin Stacia.





Chapter Six



Young Mr. Tad Bartholomew found himself very comfortably accommodated at The Stag, the smaller and less pretentious of Kyle Village’s two charming inns. As she had explained to Cousin Stacia, Andrea could be sure that the name of Tadeuz Bartolomeu, her maternal grandfather—the mine-owner—was the name Count Vladi would not have mentioned to his high-in-the-instep son-in-law. The Stag offered excellent meals served in a low-ceilinged dining room whose small-paned windows over-looked a charming garden. The landlord, whose name was Applegate, was pleased to have a guest who planned to stay for several weeks. Mistress Applegate thought the young scholar a very pretty gentleman, quiet and well-behaved, not like some of the young swells who frequently made the night hideous with their racket at the Kyle Arms, the larger hostelry.

Mr. Bartholomew was pleased to approve his neat bedroom with its two dormer windows, flowered curtains against whitewashed walls, and a narrow, comfortable bed. After the servant had deposited the new guest’s small trunk and given thanks for the gratuity, Andrea locked her door and placed the contents of her portmanteau and most of the things from her trunk in the commodious dresser. She left the long green bridesmaid’s dress and veil in the trunk under secure lock.

She had packed these two items in her trunk while Stacia was otherwise occupied. She had not wished her cousin to know of the dangerous plan which had occurred to her. If all other means of securing information failed, Andrea had decided to cause Pola’s ghost to ride at night, and observe the reaction of the villagers and the residents of the castle. That would make them talk! The appearance of his murdered wife should give Milord Arrogance something to think about! Meanwhile, she locked the trunk, and added the key to the two rings she wore on a chain around her neck. They were her father’s signet and her mother’s wedding ring. In a small box in her drawer, along with a few rather trumpery fobs which might plausibly belong to a young student, she kept the magnificent topaz and diamond pendant which had been her father’s gift to his second wife on the occasion of their marriage. Count Vladi had presented it to Andrea on her sixteenth birthday, remarking that the topaz matched her eyes. She valued it above any other possession.

Having thus bestowed her gear, Andrea in the person of Mr. Tad Bartholomew sallied out to stroll through the village. It was set in the midst of wide fields and meadows, a smiling valley rising through a forest to the cliff which protected it on the west side from the battering of ocean winds. On top of that western cliff, and dominating valley, was Kyle Castle, massive and gray and built with a medieval splendor of towers and battlements.

Turning her back resolutely on this evidence of Lord Justin’s power, Andrea walked along the highroad toward the center of the village. She was forced to admit that Milord Justin was master of a pleasant demesne. Neat cottages behind low stone walls boasted thrifty kitchen gardens. There was a well-planned smithy with a burly, smiling blacksmith in a kilt. There was a small kirk with the graveyard behind it, and the manse nearby. The small shops were well-kept and displayed merchandise of good quality. At the center of the village, the larger inn, calling itself the Kyle Arms and displaying a board painted with a black sword on a scarlet shield, was of impressive size and excellent maintenance. Just north of the village, from an outcrop of the same rock on which Kyle Castle was built, a sturdy stream fell down the cliff, turning the wheel for an efficient-looking mill below.

Young Mr. Bartholomew made a couple of minor purchases, and tried to sound out the proprietors about their overlord. Though they gave courteous and respectful attention to the young customer, that was all they gave him; for every encroaching question there was an evasive answer. Andrea began to realize that this would take longer than she had anticipated. She left the small cluster of shops feeling irritated at the smiling men and women with their charming soft Scots’ accent and their annoying habit of chatting pleasantly while saying nothing of use to her. With a sigh, she went back to The Stag for another delicious meal. “I shall be a fat old woman before I discover what I came to learn,” she thought crossly.

In the next few days, Andrea was careful to go out every morning into the meadows and woods and along the hedgerows for a couple of hours, carrying her notebook and drawing pencils, and collecting specimens of wild flowers, leaves and even weeds. Botany had been a favorite study of hers in Switzerland, and one of her teachers had encouraged her to begin a collection and study the subject. She was grateful for her old notebook with its carefully inked drawings and notes.

Returning to the inn from one of such trips a few days after her arrival, she found a strange man was to share the meal with her.

“Mr. Bartholomew, this is Mr. William,” said Applegate. “Like yourself, young sir, he finds The Stag a good place for his work. I’ll wager you’re sharp-set after a morning in the open air! I’ll tell Cook you’re ready for your meal,” and he bustled off to the kitchen.

“What is your work, Mr. Bartholomew?” the man enquired, as soon as Applegate had left the room.

“I am a student on vacation from college,” Andrea told him. “I am collecting materials for a paper on the wild flowers of this region of Scotland.”

The girl felt some apprehension that she might be expected to spend some time in the company of this man. She scrutinized him covertly. He seemed to be about thirty, a dark, handsome fellow of medium height. His hands were well-kept but hard and muscular. He had an attractive white smile. Andrea guessed he was a favorite with the ladies. As he sat down at the table, Andrea caught a faint whiff of spicy fragrance. A dandy, she thought, and assuredly a squire of dames. She decided to study him.

Remembering to use a boyishly low voice, she asked, “What brings you to this quiet corner of the world, Mr. William?” She felt entitled to ask; had he not quizzed her? Apparently this was how males behaved when they encountered one another at inns.

The gentleman gave her a merry glance. “Sir, I am an author! That is to say, specifically, a poet! I seek this sylvan retreat to court the Muse!” He paused, grinning. “Also I am rusticating for the purpose of discouraging my creditors. You may say I am trying to outrun the tipstaffs! Behold me all aquake!”

Joining in his laughter, Andrea yet felt a little disgust for the theatricality of his manner. This colored her voice with a hint of censure as she replied, “One cannot feel too much compassion for so cheerful an exile. But if you are so lacking in funds, do you not fear that you may not be able to pay the charges at this inn?”

“But it is the smaller of the two inns,” explained the man grinning. “Therefore I judge it to be the less expensive.”

Andrea puzzled for a moment over this piece of irrationality. Then she raised her eyes and caught the twinkle in Mr. William’s. “You are making a joke,” she said.

Mr. William shouted with laughter. “What a sober youth he is! The life of a scholar will suit you. That is, if you are always this calmly rational?”

“I try to be so, sir,” responded poor Andrea, not sure she was presenting the proper image for a young man.

“It is true that powerful emotions—hatred, love, grief, fear—can be debilitating. But have you never yourself dreaded a rival or mourned a fair lady?”

“Never,” said Andrea, taking another slice of roast beef and a second generous wedge of Yorkshire pudding.

The man regarded her with admiration. “It is obvious I am in the presence of a sensible man,” he said. “Do you always break your fast so enthusiastically?”

“This is my dinner, sir,” said Andrea, wiping the gravy from her plate with a crust of new-baked bread. “I had breakfast a long time ago.”

William chuckled. “If it is your habit to stuff your gut so greedily, my boy, you’ll soon have a belly as big as the Regent’s.”

Before she could prevent herself, Andrea lifted a shocked and minatory glance. Gentlemen did not speak thus crudely in the presence of a lady! Then with a sudden lurch of fear, she recalled that she was not a jeune fille bien gardée, but a male student traveling independently. Such a one would hardly take umbrage at a few coarse phrases. She forced a smile and shrugged as she patted her flat stomach.

William had taken her momentary bristle of hackles as a response to his teasing. “Never fear, youngling, you’ll grow up to be a man before your mother.”

Since this incomprehensible comment was accompanied by a smile, it must be a male joke of some sort. Andrea smiled politely and changed the subject. “What do you think of Kyle Village—or have you just arrived?”

“Oh, no, this is my second visit. I went south to scout out the land, to see if my creditors were still humming. In fact, I had hoped that I might be able to remain there, but the wasps still buzz and I—er—loped off. Of course, my creditors alone might not have routed me, but there was a certain lady who became too serious—” he leered complacently. “You understand me, Bart, I’m sure.”

“Perfectly,” said Andrea, not really understanding anything except that she found this man rather silly. First he boasted of not paying his debts, then of running away from a lady who took him seriously. Still, he seemed disposed to be friendly, and perhaps, since he had been here in Kyle Village for some time, he might be able to furnish information she needed. With this thought in mind, she began, casually, as they waited for the dessert to be brought in.

“What do you know of the lord of Kyle? I hear he has been recently widowed.”

William’s response to this was surprising. He glanced around quickly to assure himself that no member of the inn staff was within hearing distance. “You’ll be well-advised to ask no questions about his lordship, boy, nor to let any of the loyal serfs hereabouts suspect you of prying.”

“Prying!” The suddenness of the attack startled the girl. “ ‘Twas the merest commonplace—idle curiosity about the local lord—”

“There is no such thing as commonplace with these people where their liege is concerned. ‘Tis a feudal enclave, I tell you! The clansmen have a fanatical devotion to their laird! Everything we do is reported to Milord’s bailiff. Kyle has its own army, its special justice, even its dungeons. Lord Dominic Justin is as absolute a monarch as ever Europe knew!” His dark eyes were narrow with anger.

“Why, sir, here’s heat!” commented Andrea. “Have you run afoul of Milord’s justice?”

William sat back and sipped his ale. Then, grinning wryly, he said in a lowered tone, “I’ll admit I’ve had a brush or two with Milord’s private army. I was wandering through the woods one fine evening, seeking inspiration for a poem, when I was roughly accosted by two burly fellows and urged to give a reason for trespassing upon Milord’s sacred territory. I escaped a drubbing by the exercise of some fast talk and an even faster pair of heels when I had them off guard. Then, upon another occasion, I made myself a thought too friendly to a buxom Amaryllis, and her doughty swain nearly broke my jaw for me.” He sighed and rubbed his chin ruefully. “I watch my tongue and my comings and goings these days.”

Andrea, meeting those bright black eyes, had the strong notion that, were she the doughty swain, she would guard her back and walk warily. For the genial Mr. William, in those moments of recollection, was not the posturing poet he seemed eager to represent.

Later on that evening, when the young moon rose over the trees, Andrea swung wide her dormer window and leaned on the sill. The evening was warm, and delicately scented by the flowers and herbs in the garden below. She had hung her new blue coat carefully over a chair-back, removed her boots and donned the tiger slippers thankfully. Feeling very comfortable, she rested her elbows on the wide sill and looked into the night. The moonlight bathed her face and silvered the bright gold of her hair.

She heard a little gasp of pleasure from the dark garden below her, followed by a throaty laugh. She scanned the darkness involuntarily, then chided herself. Not all the thing to spy on young lovers! Still, she found it impossible to avoid looking. She made out a girl sitting alone on a bench. The girl in turn was staring up at Andrea. When she realized she had been noticed, she rose and moved forward.

“Would you not like to come down and enjoy the sweet night air with me, young sir?” There was another low, seductive laugh, then the girl continued, “Or perhaps your honor would rather I came up?”

“Another time,” gulped Andrea, closing the window abruptly. Was this Mr. William’s Amaryllis? “Really,” she thought, as she checked to make sure her door was locked before she undressed for bed, “these Scottish girls behave very boldly!”

At that point, hanging up the new breeches, she was reminded of her own behavior during this last week, and went to bed smiling ruefully.

The following day she tried to get information from the maid who served her breakfast, but although the wench seemed eager to flirt, she became singularly uncommunicative when asked direct questions about the Castle and its master. Fearing to arouse undue curiosity about her own background and person, Andrea fell silent. It was becoming obvious that all Milord’s tenants had a healthy respect for Milord’s privacy!

She rode further afield the next day, spying out the terrain for Pola’s ride. Then that evening, after supper, when the lingering light of the northern sunset turned the rich fields and distant mountains to gold, Andrea wandered out of the inn to stroll once more through the quiet village. Everyone seemed to be at supper. The fields and streets were equally deserted. She admired again the neat cottages and the well-kept gardens. The cascading stream turned the great mill wheel lazily, making a pleasant sound of splashing waters. All was bounteous, all was orderly. At least the master of Kyle was a good landlord, and his domain was more prosperous than that of Castle Wasylyk. Frowning, Andrea considered the villagers she had met. They seemed cheerful, if reserved toward strangers, and there was never a hint of the harsh surveillance and the iron control Mr. William had described.

Yet Andrea was to encounter a painful proof of the correctness of that gentleman’s advice. She decided to try once more to get information by listening to conversations in a taproom—an exercise she had so far eschewed. Ruthlessly she put down her growing distaste at her role of spy upon Lord Justin. She hesitated outside the taproom of the larger inn, telling herself that if her father and sister had indeed been murdered as she suspected, it was her duty to bring their killer to justice. She strolled into the tavern, trying hard for nonchalance.

No one took any notice of her. She spotted Mr. William seated at a table with a convivial group, but avoided looking at him after the first glance. She went over to the bar and asked for a glass of ale.

One of the patrons said slyly, “Wouldn’t that be a glass of milk, Tom?”

The barman ignored the remark, but a couple of other men chuckled. Andrea took a gold coin out of her pocket and pushed it toward the barman. As she was picking up her change, she asked the man next to her, the one who had mentioned milk, “Does Lord Justin ever come to this tavern?”

“Better ask Tom,” the fellow replied. “Ah’m a stranger her mahsel’.” There was another general laugh, this time louder.

Tom was frowning as he polished the bar with a clean cloth. “Will that be all, young sir? Or will there be something to eat?” and he gestured toward a small empty table near the bar.

Thinking the man might be more forthcoming if she could speak to him in the relative privacy of the empty table, Andrea nodded and went to seat herself. Tom followed her part way, then went on to the kitchen and sent out a barmaid.

“And what will your honor have to eat and drink?” this girl enquired, with a saucy look and one plump hip outthrust.

Andrea ordered some bread and butter.

The girl looked disappointed. “Cheese, too?” she suggested. “It’s awfu’ gude wi’ the baps.”

Andrea, feeling helpless, agreed to the suggestion and waited impatiently for the return of the girl. On her way back to the table, the maid collected the ale Andrea had left on the bar, and placed it down with the bread and cheese. “Now enjoy the gude fude,” she said. Andrea pulled another gold coin out and offered it to her.

“It was very sad about the young Lady Justin,” she offered. I suppose you had hardly time to get to know her—”

“Och, now, what would I be doin’ wi’ such a fine leddy?” ‘Tis more interested in the menfolk, I am,” teased the girl. “Would yer honor be wantin’ company the nicht?”

Ye gods! thought Andrea, rising hurriedly. Was the whole female servant staff of these inns crazed for a male? She did not wait for her change, but went out of the inn. As she walked away she heard laughter. She had no doubt her enquiries would be reported, but she had got little good of them.

Disgruntled by her failures to secure information, Andrea decided to take advantage of the long northern twilight and try a minor penetration into Lord Justin’s extensive acres. She slipped across the meadows and into the woods, and, finding a well-marked path, climbed up the hill to where an open glade presented a clear view of the lofty castle walls looking against the western skies. Andrea drew a breath of surprise and appreciation. The lord of Kyle ruled a fair stronghold. There were battlements and parapets, and a round, slit-windowed keep which looked suspiciously like a dungeon to Andrea. From the topmost tower flew Milord’s banner, a black sword upon a field of scarlet.

“Medieval,” sniffed Andrea, but found her Wasylyk blood stirred by the challenging male arrogance of the standard. She decided to make the unplanned reconnoiter useful by sketching the castle and its environs. Moving out into the glade to get the last of the daylight, and propping her knee on a rock, she pulled from her capacious pocket the notebook without which she never ventured forth from the inn, found a blank page, and began to draw the outline of the magnificent structure, particularly noting entrances and ways of approach.

Suddenly a very heavy hand fell on her shoulder. Almost staggered by the blow, the girl turned to face her attacker. It was one of a pair of burly fellows dressed in neat leather jerkins and high boots. Each one carried a stout staff. Andrea could only give thanks that the blow had been dealt by hand.

“And what might ye be doin’, young sir?”

“I am sketching the castle,” Andrea managed to reply in her deep boy’s-voice.

“For what purpose?” continued the remorseless inquisition.

Andrea thought fast. “ ‘Tis to be the frontispiece of my book upon the herbs of this region, my man,” she said courteously, resisting the impulse to rub the aching shoulder. “And what may be your purpose in accosting me?”

Both sets of bushy eyebrows rose in incredulity. “Our purpose, says you?” The older man, who had not yet spoken, now gave voice. “Our purpose, bantling, is to patrol Lord Justin’s demesne and keep the peace.”

Andrea managed a smile. “I assure you, my good man, I am a very peaceful citizen.”

It seemed that would not do. “And what would be your business in this village, young sir? For the host of The Stag tells us you are here for a lengthy visit. What is your business here?”

Andrea, daughter of a long line of Polish counts, felt her anger rise. “I am here upon my own legitimate affairs, fellow, which happen to be personal. I pay my bills and create neither riot nor rumpus. I resent your officiousness!”

“Do ye now?” mused the older man. “Mayhap ye’d better come away with us to the bailiff and explain that same private affairs.”

Scrambling to preserve her dignity, Andrea said coldly, “I shall be pleased to receive your bailiff at The Stag. You may tell him I shall await his attendance upon me there. My name is Bartholomew.”

“Ah, that’ll be the young colleger,” nodded the older man. “Terrible resty, these young collegers,” he advised the younger patrolman, and they both laughed.

Andrea’s cheek burned with rage. Child-woman though she was, quiet and cloistered as she had lived in school and in her father’s various residences, she had still the blood of a dozen generations of soldiers burning in her veins.

“You are pleased to be insolent, sirrah! You will bring me this bailiff at once! I wish to report your behavior.”

There was an arrested expression on the two hard faces. They had been born and bred in their lord’s service, and their fathers before them, and they recognized the authentic voice of the master. Perchance this youngling was a noble sprout, and had authority behind him. The older man was ready to back off, now, but the younger felt an overwhelming need to deflate this banty in the town-cut clothes. He reached out one huge paw, gathered a thick fold of cloth at the nape of the little man’s neck, and lifted him off his feet, dangling him ludicrously at arm’s length.

It was too much. Blinded by fury, Andrea struck out with open palm and slapped her attacker across the face. The man’s countenance swelled and darkened with anger. Grinding out an oath, he lifted his other huge fist to avenge the blow.

A cold fist rang at their shoulders.

“What is the meaning of this, Ben?”

Both guards turned to confront a magnificent figure mounted on a huge black stallion. The older yeoman touched his cap.

“We were takin’ the muster of strangers in the village, Milord,” he said humbly. “We learned that this young sprig had been askin’ questions, and had vanished. We found him.”

He and Lord Justin turned their eyes to the ludicrous tableau before them. Ben, the younger guard, was frozen into position by the unexpected appearance of his master, and stood stupidly holding the slender figure of the trespasser by the loose material at the back of the coat. The youth’s face was a study in rage and embarrassment as he dangled from that mighty paw.

Unexpectedly the two older men broke into short, quickly stifled laughter.

“I think you may safely release the gentleman,” advised Lord Justin.

Grinning nervously, Ben set Andrea carefully back on her feet. From scarlet her face had drained to white. She glared up at Lord Justin, high on his monstrous horse. Although he was attired in faultless buckskins and an elegant riding coat, he gave the impression of wearing armor. Andrea was conscious of such a chaos of conflicting emotions that she was nearly strangled. So this man—larger than life and devastatingly handsome—was the lord of Kyle! Pola’s husband—perhaps Pola’s murderer! It was strange that she hardly remembered him. She had seen him so briefly in the candle-lit gloom of the ballroom and in the dining room. More, she had had to watch him through the stifling folds of that ridiculous veil. It was obvious he did not recall ever seeing her before, as in truth he had not actually done. She stared with unconscious insolence into his tanned, arrogant face, and was surprised to find it beautiful. She must not reveal to those fierce, probing, iron-gray eyes that she was a woman; nor must he guess her true name or her errand here. Oh, how she would love to challenge him at this instant, and run him through with her rapier! She ground her teeth with the desperation of her unobtainable wish.

On his part, Lord Dominic Justin found himself moved by the pale, anguished face. He realized that the boy was bitterly humiliated and raging to claim revenge. Quietly he said, “You are trespassing, you know.”

“I was not aware that Milord of Kyle owned the whole countryside,” flashed Andrea.

This open defiance was too much for Ben. “Keep civil tongue in yer head, spriggins!” he growled, then faced the man on the horse to explain his behavior. “We sees him spyin’ out the land, Milord.” He picked up the notebook which had dropped to the ground during the brief scuffle.

Lord Justin held out his hand and Ben placed the book in it.

Andrea gasped with outrage. “I believe that is my property, sir. You have no right—”

“Silence! If you remain in the vicinity, you will do well to remember that I have every right to do whatever I wish. I am the master here.” Ignoring her mutterings, he coolly opened the book and flipped a few of the pages. A partly-dried wild rose fluttered out and drifted to the ground. Lord Justin glanced at Ben. “This seems harmless enough—a simple collection of weeds and sketches of weeds. With notes written in a very pretty hand,” he smiled slightly into the blazing eyes of Andrea.

Before the girl could answer, Ben spoke again. “ ‘Twas a map o’ the castle, Milord,” he persisted.”Matt an’ me saw it—drawn devilish plain.”

Frowning, Lord Justin flipped the pages until he found the sketch Andrea had made. He raised one eyebrow at the girl, who was by now shaking with anger. “Well? May I know the purpose of this remarkably detailed sketch?”

“I had thought,” said Andrea between her teeth, “to use it as a pretty bit of local color to illustrate my report.”

“Remember your story,” the girl cautioned herself. “You could destroy all by an excess of sensibility now!” Attempting to compose her features, she said in a low voice, “I am a botanist, a scholar preparing a report for my tutor at Oxford.” Toujours l’audace! She encouraged herself, and head high, held out one slender hand. “May I have my notebook, please?”.Lord Justin continued to scrutinize her. “You are the student who is staying at The Stag?” He examined her boldly, from the neatly-brushed cap of golden curls to the small, well-shod feet. “Your guardians should not have let you roam abroad without your tutor.”

Ben guffawed again.

Andrea continued to hold her head high on the slender throat. “It is true that I am a scholar, sir. Apparently that is a species unknown in this vicinity.”

Unexpectedly Milord chuckled. “A little bantam cock, is it? Well, that’s a welcome relief from your fellow guest at The Stag, who skulks about by night and makes himself overly-familiar with the girls in the village. Does he too claim to be a scholar?”

“He is a poet, sir!” announced Andrea, more annoyed by his teasing than his anger. Was there to be no end to this catechism?

Milord was regarding her arrogantly. “You are a friend of his?”

“A new friend. I have just arrived recently.”

“Four days ago, in fact,” said Milord.

Andrea couldn’t resist the opportunity. “It seems there is, in truths spying going on in your demesne, Milord,” she said pertly. “You are to be congratulated on your—intelligencers,” she gave the fuming Ben a scornful glance.

“Don’t push your luck, bantling,” warned Lord Justin. “And don’t let my men catch you on my property again, or they’ll teach you something you didn’t learn at Oxford.”

Ben and Matt received this with great amusement. Andrea knew that she should lower her crest and leave at once, while Milord yet held his servants on rein, but the insults of this self-important man had set her teeth on edge. Unwisely she taunted, “Have you been able to mark the boundaries of your property well enough for a literate man to read them? Or do you rely on traps and bullies?”

The guards gasped at this effrontery, and Milord’s eyes, hard and gray as metal, narrowed.

“It would be well for you if you brought your spectacles, scholar!”

“I’ll be more like to bring my sword!” flamed the girl, carried away by the argument and by her sense of injustice.

There was a sudden silence. Andrea realized, too late, that she had inadvertently given a male signal of aggression, and her blood ran cold. Count Vladimir had permitted Pola and her to fence with him, and Andrea, happy to share any exercise with her father, had practiced as often as he would permit during her holidays at the castle, but she knew positively that this man was in a class she could never hope to enter. He was staring at her with a perfectly expressionless face.

“You bear a sword?” he asked coldly.

“I have one, Milord—but it is not with me.”

“Fortunate for you.”

Really, the man was insufferable!

The grimmest smile she had ever seen touched the well-shaped lips. “If you come this way again, sir, you had better wear it,” Lord Justin advised.

Andrea, shocked out of her anger and thankful to be escaping so easily, turned without a farewell to this infuriating tyrant. Ben thrust his foot out as she moved, and she tripped over it and went sprawling on the ground. Ben guffawed as the slight figure picked itself up slowly. Face white with humiliation, she stared into Milord’s face, ignoring his guard entirely. “That was inexcusable!” she stated clearly. “I demand an apology—or a meeting!”

At that moment she would most eagerly have crossed swords with the devil himself, to say nothing of the lord of Kyle Castle. Both henchmen were silent now, and withdrew a few paces from Andrea. The girl, moved out of all reason by anger and embarrassment, went on, “You will please to name your friends, Milord. I imagine Mr. William will second me.”

Lord Justin stared at her for a long moment and then seemed to come to a decision. “It was inexcusable. I offer my apologies.” Then, as his henchmen gaped at him, he said softly, “I do not murder children.”

“Only women?” Andrea sneered, sotto voce, but Lord Justin heard her. Putting his horse forward in a lightning thrust, he bent and struck her with his riding whip. Her own quick reflex in throwing up her arm saved her face from the smashing blow, but the pain in her arm was so severe that she fell to her knees.

“You are fortunate indeed, you young blackguard,” Milord’s voice came to her through a haze of pain. “It is not long since a master of Kyle would have had your tongue out for that piece of scurrility. Go while you can still walk.”

He turned his great horse and cantered off along the path toward the castle. After a few minutes, the pain subsided enough for Andrea to scramble to her feet and stagger down the track toward the village. She was conscious of the two yeomen coming along behind her, but she did not address them, nor did they offer to speak to her. It was full dark by the time she came back to The Stag. There were lamps lighted in the inn, and the sound of voices raised in amicable argument. Andrea crept up the stairs to her bedroom and shut and locked the door.

Her first meeting with the lord of Kyle on his own turf had not been auspicious. It now remained to be seen if he would have her driven out of the village. Wearily she bathed the swelling arm in cold water from her pitcher, and then wet a towel and held that to it. Finally she undressed slowly and crept into bed.





Chapter Seven



After a troubled, pain-filled night, Andrea awoke to bright sunlight streaming into the bedroom. She lay for a time, trying to compel herself to rise and continue the secret campaign against Lord Justin. Her upper arm was swollen and deeply bruised, but the shock of her injuries went deeper than the physical. In all her seventeen years, Andrea had never known the impact of physical brutality, and though she had felt lonely and rejected often, she had always been treated with courtesy and respect by everyone but Pola. The treatment she had received at the hands of Lord Justin and his men was a stunning surprise.

To do them justice, they had not known she was a girl. She told herself to remember that. But she had also to realize that if she persisted in her plan to unmask the lord of Kyle, she would hazard the risk of being treated far more harshly than she had already been. She paused, struck by the memory of Milord’s apology. She was constrained to admit that he had offered formal regrets for his henchman’s action in tripping her as she prepared to leave. She knew she had only herself to thank for that final blow. She had accused Lord Justin of murder! In the clear light of dawn she shuddered at her irresponsible behavior—“scurrilous blackguard” was his evaluation of her—and wondered that, in the circumstances, he had let her off so lightly.

These logical doubts Andrea swept aside by recalling the simple facts of the situation: a sister dead within a month of her marriage, a father mysteriously struck down, and this to be laid at the door of Lord Dominic Justin. Her resolve to continue with her plan hardened as she recalled her humiliation, his odious laughter, his open threats to her life. But caution dictated that her next attack be something more subtle than a frontal, physical one. It was time for her impersonation of Pola’s ghost.

As she dragged herself out of bed, she wondered if she would have the strength to carry out her plan. She intended to dress herself in the flowing pale green garment and veil she had worn as a bridesmaid, and ride tonight somewhere where she would be seen. The presence of a ghostlike figure would surely be widely reported and commented upon. In the light of her new knowledge of Milord’s quality and temper, however, she had better be sure she didn’t ride into one of his patrols and find herself hauled ignominiously before him to her unmasking!

Still pondering the problem, Andrea washed and then clumsily dressed herself in her masculine costume. She really had no appetite, and the pain in her arm sent waves of nausea through her, but she felt she must at least put in an appearance in the dining room of the inn. She found Mr. William there before her, moodily sipping at some concoction in a large mug. He gave her a morose greeting.

“Are you not feeling quite the thing this morning?” Andrea enquired politely.

“I was a great deal too well to do last night,” admitted William. “Cursed powerful potations our host brews up. I should have known better.” He shuddered. “I think it an object with these rustics to put us under the table.”

Andrea inferred that he had drunk too much and was feeling vilely unwell, but had no sympathy to spare for such stupidity. She herself, however, pecked languidly at the enormous meal the giggling Freda served. Her unusual restraint attracted her companion’s interest.

“Feeling a big queasy yourself, Bart?” he asked. “I saw you last night at the Arms, but missed you later in the taproom here. Have you found a better grog shop?”

Some measure of openness seemed essential, if she were not to set herself up as a figure of mystery, the last thing she wished to suggest. Andrea therefore shrugged ruefully and indicated her arm. “I had a nasty fall last night. I was strolling about, enjoying the peace and beauty of the evening, and decided to walk up through the woods below the Castle. I had a little—er—discussion with two of Milord’s guards.”

William stared at her with raised eyebrows. “You are a fool, of course. You could have been killed. The master of Kyle is ruthless, and his henchmen are a gang of bullies. Whatever can have possessed you to wander into the lion’s den?”

“I am not accustomed to being hampered in my movements. It did not occur to me that anyone would object to my strolling through the woods on a pleasant evening. The moon was rising as I came back to the inn.”

Her disgression was ignored. “You mean you actually haven’t heard about the local tragedy? Milord’s wife had a very peculiar accident just a few weeks ago, which resulted in her death. Tempers are short and suspicion is widespread. Rather a nasty little situation to walk into, Bart.”

“But surely I have nothing to say to any of that!” offered Andrea, very casually. “I only arrived a few days ago.”

“If you think that exonerates you in the eyes of these rustics, you are lamentably ignorant. I’ve been the target of a great deal of suspicion,” William added grimly, “on the basis, one presumes, that a poet is loose, idle and disorderly person, without visible means of support, and unable to give a satisfactory account of himself.”

Andrea found herself smiling at the flowing periods. “Oh, no! Are you really? Loose, idle and disorderly, or whatever?”

William put on an affronted stare. “That, my young scamp, is the legal definition of a vagabond, and presumably, to these peasants, a poet fits neatly into the category. Your own Shakespeare and his fellow actors were so described.”

“I see I have been moving in some pretty dangerous company,” Andrea chuckled.

The dining room door opened and Applegate entered, bearing a small package and a newly-respectful demeanor.

“This has just come for you, young sir. From the Castle.” He placed the package into Andrea’s hands. “Message from his lordship was, ‘Deliver this into the hands of Mr. Bartholomew, and bid him farewell.’ Are you leaving us, then sir?”

“Thank you,” stammered Andrea, staring from the host’s face to the small, heavy parcel. “No, I have no plans to remove at once,” she added. “I am very satisfied with this inn.”

Since she did not seem about to offer further comment or to open the parcel immediately, Applegate retreated reluctantly and closed the door after him.

Andrea raised her eyes and encountered a coolly-assessing glance from her companion. “So? A present from the great man himself?”

Flushing, Andrea made haste to open the package. Inside was her notebook, which had fallen to the ground during Milord’s final attack. Unable to meet William’s quizzical stare, she busied herself leafing through the pages. Missing was the dried, battered rose which had been dislodged during Justin’s disdainful investigation. The page near the end, where she had drawn the Castle, was also missing, but there was a note in its place. Without offering any apology, she opened it and read the contents, written in a bold, slashing hand remarkably suited to its author.

Lord Justin had written:

Herewith your property returned in good order, except for one battered specimen which I am sure you can replace without too much trouble Other things, however, are not so easily restored.

When you have picked your rose, I suggest that you return with all haste to those academic groves which I am sure you grace so fittingly. The wind blows cold and harsh in the real world, scholar. Verbum sap.

Justin

Andrea raised a face red with anger. “Insufferable! He has ordered me to leave, with threats!”

“Shall you do so?” William’s eyes were sparkling with amusement, yet beneath the laughter there was speculation. “I had not realized you were such a fire-eater! Whatever did you do, on your simple moonlit stroll, to bring down the wrath of Jove upon your curly head?”

“I called him a murderer,” admitted Andrea, somewhat rashly.

There was a pregnant silence. She raised her eyes to catch a look of almost painful attention on Mr. William’s swarthy, handsome countenance. “Phew!” breathed that gentleman softly. “You must be under the direct protection of a guardian angel! You tell me that you accused the master of Kyle of that . . . and live to tell the tale?”

“Well, I had challenged him to a duel, but he apologized instead, and I do think I might have gotten off with only my pride ruffled if I hadn’t made that final remark,” Andrea confessed, a little shame-faced.

William was regarding her with incredulity tinged by amusement. “Heaven protects fools,” he murmured, “You challenged him and he apologized?” The man shook his head. “I wonder if you will condescend to relate to me the full tale of your moonlight walk? I assure you, it is not idle curiosity on my part.”

“Not? Then why do you wish to hear the story?” countered Andrea, some faint warnings of caution struggling with hurt pride and anger.

“Perhaps I might be of assistance to you, Bart, if I knew the whole,” coaxed William, grinning. “Don’t tell me you’re going to be selfish and keep this marvelous adventure to yourself?”

Andrea’s inclination was to enlist the help of this very personable man. Still, she warned herself, the task which she had set herself was of such a dangerous nature that it must be cloaked in secrecy if it were to have any chance of succeeding. No, charming as she was beginning to find her fellow guest, she must never lose sight of her objective. While these ideas were racing through her mind, William bent over and plucked the note from her fingers. Ignoring her look of outrage, he scanned the single sheet rapidly.

Andrea snatched the page back. Any impulse to confide in this impudent fellow was banished. She rejected his playful efforts to apologize and almost sullenly ignored him for the rest of the meal. Immediately afterward she bundled up the wrappings, her book, and the note, and retired to her bedroom. There, behind a locked door, she examined what Lord Justin had sent. Her eye was caught by two tiny paper packets which she had not previously noted among the heavy wrapping paper. On one of them she perceived more of Milord’s distinctive script. “To be taken for the relief of pain.”

She sat down slowly and stared at the medicine in her hands. He noticed everything, this devil of a Scottish aristocrat! He had remembered the blow of his crop, and had known how it would hurt. But why had he bothered to send medicine? That was not in character! Could it be poison? Or even some drug which would render her helpless or nauseated? A fine jest, that! She could imagine Ben’s coarse laughter. With an angry gesture that ignored her bruised arm, she tossed the packets onto her bed. An agonizing twinge immediately reminded her. Hastily she stripped off her coat and shirt and considered the swollen, purple and black-bruised member. Her glance strayed to the medicine. He had let the scurrilous blackguard suffer all night, to teach him a lesson, but in the morning came the relief. A merciful gesture? Slowly Andrea went to the washstand, poured water from the pitcher into a cup, and emptied one of the powders into it. She lifted the cup to her lips, hesitated, then drained it. Then she lay down on her bed to await the results. If I die, she thought grimly, he’ll have another murder to explain!





The next she knew, she was awakened by a knocking on the door.

“Who is it?” she called out drowsily.

“The maid, sir. May I tidy up the room?”

With a hasty glance at her unclothed torso, Andrea said sharply, “I’m dressing for dinner.”

Ye gods, what time was it? “How long did I sleep?” The sun was slanting across the trees outside her window. Late afternoon, then. She felt remarkably rested and restored, and her arm, when she flexed it gingerly, did not hurt quite so badly. No poison, then, she thought. To the girl, giggling outside her door in a manner which Andrea considered to be decidedly silly, she called out, “I’ll be out of here in ten minutes. Come back later.”

After she had heard the retreating footsteps, she placed Lord Justin’s note carefully inside her coat and left the second packet of medicine on the night stand. She washed awkwardly, dressed herself in a fresh binder and shirt, and eased into her coat. Thank God it was not fashionably skin-tight! Taking the wooden-handled brush, she tried to bring her unruly curls into some semblance of masculine neatness. Then she went down to the dining room. The table was set, and some of the salads and cold dishes and breads were already in place. As she entered, she observed that Applegate and William were engaged in a serious conversation by the window. Both men looked up as she entered.

“Ah, Mr. Bartholomew,” her host greeted her. “I was just asking Mr. William if he knew when you planned to leave us.”

“I have no intention of leaving before the time I set,” replied Andrea sternly.

“But his lordship’s message—”

“I am sure you misunderstood it,” replied Andrea carelessly. “Is supper to be served at once? I am sharp-set after my nap.”

Looking uncomfortable, Applegate hurried from the room.

William regarded the slim figure curiously. “You surprise me, young Bart. I suppose you do realize that you have just defied the great man? Who are you anyway? The cub of some noble house? What are you doing in this medieval corner of the island?”

Andrea raised her eyebrows but did not vouchsafe a reply. After watching her for a long moment, William continued in quite a different tone, “I wish you would confide in me. It might be that I could help you.”

“With what?”

“Whatever it is that brings a child like you to this place. Oh, don’t ruffle your feathers at me! And don’t tell me about Oxford and the great botanical report. I wasn’t born yesterday, nor was Lord Justin, if you’ve any doubts about the matter.”

“I think men of your age and Lord Justin’s get very odd ideas sometimes,” said Andrea outrageously. She was delighted to observe that Mr. William, who could not have been older than seven or eight and twenty, turned a very unattractive shade of puce at the jibe.

“What’s that supposed to mean, you young whipper-snapper?” he snarled, his conciliating attitude quite set aside.

Andrea grinned. “I thought that fine avuncular manner sat a little loosely on your shoulders,” she said. “Do you play piquet?”

“Yes, but I’m not going to. Did you really challenge Milord to a duel?”

“Yes, I’m afraid so. It was a thought rash of me, since I have only had about a dozen lessons, over the years. And I’ve never fought with the buttons off.”

“My God!” William exhaled in exasperation. “You are mad! If you can’t fight, then why did you issue a challenge? He would have killed you!”

“I was very angry,” said Andrea quietly.

“You would have been very dead,” her companion said grimly. “As with everything else, Lord Dominic Justin is a nonpareil with the no sword. What I can’t understand is his forbearance. You’ve insulted him beyond forgiveness, disobeyed his command to get out of his bailiwick, challenged him to a duel—”

“He said he didn’t murder children.”

William drew a sharp breath. Then, “You are suggesting he has a sense of compunction?”

“I’m suggesting nothing, and I’m getting bored with this conversation,” announced Andrea, seating herself at the table.

William glared at her with loathing. “You are a brat,” he said. “Rude, disagreeable, impertinent—I’ve a good mind to turn you over my knee.”

“Try it and I will —I will bite you to the bone,” Andrea offered steadily.

“Hellhound!” William glared at her a moment longer and then flung himself down at the table.

The excellent meal was eaten in a cold silence. When it was over, Andrea rose to go to her room.

“How about piquet?” asked William, who seemed to have recovered his equanimity.

“I find I do not wish to play with you after all,” Andrea said, and went out of the room, leaving William muttering about barbarians, hellhounds, and spoiled brats.





In her bedroom, the girl stood looking out the window, carefully scanning as much of the village as she could see from that vantage point. The ghost of Pola could parade down that broad main street, but what if some farmer returning late from the tavern, or worse, one of Milord’s patrols, should run into her? Really, Andrea decided, she would have to show herself from a place clearly visible to as many persons as possible, yet not easily approached for investigation.

Then, as though it had been waiting for her need, a perfect scheme rose in her imagination. She checked the details rapidly. If, just after moon-rise, a ghostly figure showed itself upon the cliff-top above the mill, attracted attention in some dramatic way, and then, while the villagers were approaching to investigate, mounted a horse neatly hobbled just beneath the rim of the cliff at the rear and rode away toward the ocean, the ghost would then be in a position to ride again along the sand to the westward, or ocean, side of the Castle while its guards were off-balance with the first appearance.

That was the rub. In her botanical wanderings Andrea had marked all the ways, including cart-tracks and footpaths, which led to the Castle. She had even wandered along that path, on the cliff above the ocean, from which Pola was said to have been thrown by the rogue horse. She was sure she could get from the mill to the ocean cliffs quickly—but what if she ran into one of Milord’s patrols? She had phenomenal luck, avoiding them every time but the one disastrous encounter, but would the luck hold? Surely they were on the alert since her encounter with Milord?

Opening her trunk, she took from the bottom her one weapon, her father’s ceremonial dagger. He had been wont to wear it with his court dress. The hilt and sheath flashed and sparkled with inset gems, but the blade was finest Toledo-forged. Andrea held the small, deadly thing. It bore the crest of her house. If Justin ever saw it, he would know at once whence the attack came. But that would be simple justice, would it not? She frowned. Did she mean to plunge her father’s dagger into the man’s breast? With a shiver, she knew she could not do so. He had spared her; she would spare his life, but she would force him to admit what he had done. Her own blood should be crying out for vengeance upon the murderer of a father and sister! But she could not envision herself striking the essential blow. Sighing, she placed the dagger back in the trunk and began to take off her clothes.





Chapter Eight



Andrea donned a pair of her old slim black riding breeches and black riding boots. Then she pulled a plain white shirt over her binding cloth, and sat down at the table where she had propped up a mirror between the two candles the room boasted. Opening a tin box, she covered her face with the white paste it contained. The resultant mask looked nothing like Andrea, or indeed, any other human visage, and she regarded it with satisfaction. Next she took out a small pot of black and smoothed it around her eyes. This made so ghastly an effect that the girl was delighted. She debated on coloring her mouth with the red paste which was the third and last of the cosmetic ointments she had purchased from the apothecary shop. On second thought she judged that the black and white mask was more ghost-like.

Next she pulled the pale green gown with its layers of soft floating material. This was full and quite long enough to hide her breeches and boots. The long veil fell mysteriously around her, blurring her outline. She caught up her discarded clothing, put it away neatly, hid the tin box in the bottom of her trunk, locked it, and put her tinderbox and flints in a canvas bag along with ten guineas. In case something should go awry, and flight become necessary, she wanted to have money with her.

Now, what she considered to be the most dangerous part of her plan was at hand. She must get safely out of the inn to the stables, and get away without being seen. She took a final look around the room, moved hastily to pull back the counterpane and top sheet as though someone had hastily risen from sleep, and then snuffed both candles. She swept the voluminous folds of her draperies into her arms and tied the bag with the money and tools in her belt. Then she opened the door of her room and peered into the hallway. The doors of the other three bedrooms were closed. The hall was dark, but some light reflected up the stairwell from the common room below. From a distance came the low rumble of voices of men. Andrea locked her door from the outside and crept toward the narrow back stairs which led down to the kitchen. Heavy smells of cooking rose around her as she felt her way down the stairs. In the kitchen itself, all was dark. She knew the back door was to the right of the big window ahead of her. She moved slowly around the kitchen table. Then she was at the back door and fumbling for the handle. To her surprise, the knob turned easily. She swung the door inward and slipped past it into the inn yard.

Here the cobblestones were treacherous under her feet, and she kept to the shadow of the building as she made her way around to the stable. A single lantern burned near the open door, hanging from a great iron hook. As far as Andrea could see, the ostlers and stableboys were asleep or away drinking or wenching. Carefully she donned the veil, having first made sure of her direction. She went into the stable slowly, her feet silent on the straw.

From close to her came a muted squawk, then a thud. She swung around to see the boy of one of the stableboys stretched out on the ground. Congratulating herself upon the success of her disguise, she hurriedly saddled her horse, hoping that the boy’s faint would hold him till she was gone. As she was preparing to mount, it occurred to her that an investigation would reveal that Mr. Bartholomew’s was the only horse missing from the stables. Conscientiously she led all the horses to the door and drove them out with a sharp slap on the rump. They wouldn’t go far, probably, but in the confusion she hoped to create, it might be thought that her horse had gone further. Catching it would give her an excuse for being away from the inn. Much pleased with her clever thinking, the girl caught up an armful of straw under her veil. She mounted without too much difficulty, and disposed her veil and skirts over the saddle. She had no idea how she looked, but the stableboy’s faint had assured her that her disguise was effective. On her way out of the stable she extinguished the lantern.

The diversion with the horses proved almost too effective. As she rode quietly down the road, keeping to the soft earth by the verge to muffle the sound of the horse’s hooves, she heard a shout from behind her, at the inn. Bad luck! The stableboy had come to his senses and discovered the absence of the horses. There was not a moment to be lost! As shouts of enquiry from the inn answered the stableboy’s appeals, Andrea directed Boyo into the track which led past the mill and up to the crag behind it. Boyo threaded his way neatly in the dim light furnished by the rising moon. He was a lovely animal, and Andrea loved and trusted him. Many times on the long, exhausting ride from London she’d beguiled the weary hours conversing with him, sharing her hopes and angers and fears; she felt the horse knew her as no one else did. She had schooled him in dressage, teaching him all the Cossack officer had taught her, and by now the horse was a responsive and well-trained partner.

Now he did her bidding, taking her without fuss up the steep slope at the rear of the escarpment to the plateau above the mill. Here the stream plunged out and down into the millrace. It was a lovely spot in the strengthening moonlight. Andrea tied Boyo just below the edge of the hill with a loose knot she could slip quickly when she was ready to leave. Then she walked to the edge of the cliff overlooking the village. What she saw pleased her very much. There were many lights on at The Stag. Dark figures ran hither and yon, shouting. The voices came up to her clearly. All through the village, windows showed yellow as candles and lamps were lighted. She would have a fine audience before long!

Stooping down, she brought out the tinder and flint and, scratching up piles of leaves and twigs, laid the straw sheaf upon the heap and ignited it. It flamed so quickly that she had to jump back to escape the fire. She gave an involuntary cry. Then she recovered her poise and stood behind the flame, lifting her arms in a way that made the draped veil look like great filmy wings. The bright blaze reflected from her chalk-white face.

To make sure the “apparition” was observed, Andrea uttered a mournful wail. The men’s voices faded into silence as the people in the street caught sight of the phantom figure, flame-lit, on the cliff. Then the straw burned out and only the moonlight was left to illuminate the ghostly figure lifting its arms against the night sky.

Curiously displeased, Andrea turned and ran back to Boyo. As she bundled up her draperies to mount, she realized that her performance had been almost childishly theatrical. Surely no one would believe that the dead woman had come back to haunt the scene of her death! This was the enlightened eighteenth century; not the dark ages! Still, she had better get on with the plan, and get away from the mill before someone came to investigate. She only hoped her ruse had drawn attention to this side of the village, so she could carry out the rest of her plan safely. Somehow she didn’t think that Lord Justin, even with a guilty conscience, would be too badly shaken by reports of a ghostly visitant.

Following her timetable, Andrea urged Boyo down the back of the hill and by way of a narrow land approached the sea some distance north of the Castle. There was a narrow gully leading down to the sand somewhere here—yes, she had it—the footpath was treacherous but Boyo was sure-footed. She gave the horse his head, and he negotiated the difficult descent carefully. Then they were on the sand, almost white in the moonlight, and far above them, to the left, loomed the great Castle. It was even more imposing from this angle, the girl decided, with its mighty battlements bathed in silver light. How fine it must be, thought the girl, to be the master of this great stronghold! Her own father, little though he relished the responsibility, had yet a fierce price in his ancestral home. Thinking of Count Vladimir, struck down in the common street so far from his own country, Andrea’s resolve hardened. Fine daughter of a noble house she was, to harbor any but the fiercest feeling of anger and hatred toward the murderer!

Quickly she directed the horse to the sand at the edge of the incoming tide. There the footing was firm, the horse could move quickly. There also the rising tide would wipe out Boyo’s prints. Andrea rode rapidly along the shore, a strange figure with draperies flying out behind her like mist. She turned her face up to look at the castle when she was directly below it. There were many great, lighted windows, and she saw at least two guards leaning out of embrasures to watch her. They were not shouting, but as she looked away, she noticed that one of them disappeared from his post.

Fear lurched in her breast. She must not be caught. These men were trained soldiers. They would not be easily frightened. She could expect a sally out of the Castle to challenge her within minutes. Andrea gave Boyo the office to gallop full out, and the beautiful beast obeyed her. The flying ghost-like figure shot across the sand as though on wings. When she was well beyond the Castle, Andrea pulled rein gently. Boyo, pleased with his performance, came obediently to a halt.

“You loved that, didn’t you?” the girl crooned. “Well, so did I. I hope we’ll be able to do it again under other circumstances. Now I want you to go back to the stables, Boyo!”

She removed the saddle and bridle and slapped the horse sharply. “Home Boyo!”

Waiting just long enough to make sure that Boyo was trotting along the path which would eventually join the cart-track to the village, the girl hastily pulled off the green dress and veil, her riding boots, breeches, shirt and binder. Tying the dress and veil to one stirrup, she lifted the gear and the clothing and ran into the sea. The water was so cold that she almost screamed, but this was no time for feminine weakness. Dragging the heavy load after her, she swam out to deeper water. It would never had done to have one horse return saddled when the stableboys collected the strayed animals.

When she was far enough out—and thank Heaven the sea was relatively calm!—Andrea dropped the saddle and bridle thankfully. With them went the green dress and the veil. Now there was nothing to connect her with the masquerade. She had hoped, in London, that she might make several appearances as the ghost, but that was before she had encountered the vigilance of Lord Justin’s men. It would be enough to come out of this one escapade safely, the girl thought, stroking towards shore. Disastrous to be caught naked on the beach, however!

Thus, it was with headlong haste that she ran back up the beach to the shelter of the cliff where she had left her clothing. Shivering, she struggled into the breeches. Impossible to get them and the boots on over wet feet! She sacrificed the thick binding cloth she wore about her breasts to use it as a towel. That was better! Soon the breeches and boots were on, and the white shirt. A dab of white on one hand reminded her with a thrill of horror that she had nearly forgotten to remove the cosmetic paste on her face! The damp binder was useful for that, also, to wipe off the pigment with the small pot of cream the apothecary had supplied for that purpose. She buried the binder deep in the sand at the foot of the cliff, and brushed a heap of small rocks over the spot. Now she was ready!

She began her walk down the beach to the path she had sent Boyo to follow. She was nowhere near being out of Kyle territory. Her only hope was that Justin’s people would be so occupied on the beach and around the mill that she might slip through to the inn unobserved. At the top of the path, where it came out of the cliff, Andrea peered out cautiously before taking her run across the plateau. It was well she did. From the castle came two men on horseback, pounding down toward the southern pathway to the beach. Andrea had just time to roll behind the scrub pines at the head of the path before the riders were there, slowing at the last minutes and turning their mounts into the downward trail with superb skill. Then they were gone, and the girl scuttled across the open space and into the trees without thought of dignity. A good distance to her left, Castle Kyle blazed with the light of lanterns and torches. To her right, south along the coast, there were other lights marking a mansion which belonged to a nobleman, Sir Ormand Talon. She had heard of him only one morning, when, more to divert the serving wench’s too obvious personal interest than in a search for information, Andrea had enquired,

“Does Lord Justin own the whole county?”

The girl had answered with rounded eyes, “Oh, no sir! There’s another nobleman has a great house just south along the seacoast. He used to be a friend of his lordship’s, but . . . they aren’t so friendly of late.”

“What is this nobleman’s name?” Andrea was pleased that the topic was diverting the maid’s attention from flirtation.

“It’s Sir Ormond Talon, sir. The Talons have had the place for dunnamany years—maybe a hundred, even. ‘Twas sold by his lordship’s ancestor to Sir Ormand’s—they were best friends. Mostly the Talons have been good friends to Kyle, but this one has always been jealous of us. We’re the great house, you see,” the girl ended with naive pride. Mistress Applegate called her to her duties soon after, so Andrea had been spared her childish efforts at flirtation.

Now, as she stared around nervously, Andrea wondered if she should try to get to Talon House, to pretend she had wanted to see it by moonlight when Justin’s guards caught her, as they were bound to. Perhaps if she humbled herself and asked for another chance—?

No! She would try to get back to the inn as she had originally planned. If they caught her, Lord Justin’s guards could only humiliate her, for no harm had been done to life or property tonight. Surely even Lord Justin’s men would not do more than force her to pack and be on the road back to England? Or would they? Gathering together her tattered courage, Andrea set out through the woods toward the village.





Chapter Nine



After all her fears and qualms, it was almost anti-climactic to gain The Stag itself before she encountered any of Milord’s men. There were lights everywhere, and the inn door yawned open upon the road, but no one was in sight. Slipping inside, Andrea went through to the kitchen and so out the back door to the stables. Enough lanterns burned to make the inside of the stable bright as daylight. Ostlers were leading horses into stalls while several men in Milord’s leather were examining each horse minutely.

Andrea glanced quickly around. No one had noticed her yet, and she must make what capital she could of a strong attack. She noticed one of the patrolmen had leaned his heavy staff against the doorway, probably to leave him free to use both hands in examining the horses. Quietly she took up the cudgel and advanced into the stable. Her Boyo was being led into the lantern light. It couldn’t have been better if she had planned it! The girl smiled.

“Stop, thief!” she cried in her deepest voice.

Lord Justin’s men whirled to face the slight figure that challenged them. Andrea did not give them time to speak—toujours l’audace!—but advanced steadily, her weapon thrusting at them like a sword, To one side she noticed Applegate wringing his hands. Then he and the patrolmen spoke at once, a confused babble of threats, recriminations, and excuses.

“Call the constable!” demanded Andrea with relish.

“What is this?” demanded a cold voice from the doorway.

Andrea turned swiftly, on guard and ready to lunge. It was Milord Justin. He took his time scrutinizing her position. “Very pretty,” he commented finally.

But Andrea had the bit in her teeth and was on the attack. “You are descending to horse-stealing, sir?” she asked, pointing to Boyo, out of his stall and rolling his eyes at the unaccustomed lights and bustle.

“My men were investigating—”

Andrea didn’t let him finish. She wanted to keep him off balance. “You are the law here, Milord, as well as the chief landowner?”

Lord Justin controlled his temper with an effort. “Some malicious person has sought to terrorize the village with a fraudulent ghost—”

“The men of this village are afraid of ghosts?” she underlined the word contemptuously. “It is not so at Oxford.”

Justin’s eyes flashed, but he set his lips. “We do not permit the playing of dangerous pranks. Perhaps you will explain where you have spent the evening?”

“I shall be happy to,” retorted Andrea sweetly, “when you have explained what your—men are doing with my horse.”

There was a hiss of indrawn breaths at this open defiance of the master of Kyle.

“We are seeking to discover what horse it is which has been used by the prankster who sought to hoax the village tonight.”

“You tracked the villain to this stable?”

“Someone turned all the horses loose. The stableboy says he saw a—ghost.”

“But of course he was mistaken,” supplied Andrea.

“Did you not see the fire upon the cliff above the mill?” queried Milord, suddenly affable. “While you were out about your nocturnal business? Just what was that business, Mr. Bartholomew? You were about to tell us.”

“I was with a lady. Of course I cannot mention her name.”

That ought to give him pause! It came straight out of the most popular novel of the day.

Milord’s lips twitched. His arrogant gray glance moved up and down her person, from the neat black riding boots to the tousled golden curls. Before she could get her guard up, Milord’s sinewy hand shot out and touched her head. “Your hair seems to be damp, sir. Were you perchance swimming in the millpond with—the lady in question?”

Andrea grinned. She knew she presented the figure of a spoiled and saucy youth, out womanizing at a shockingly early age. But better to accept Milord’s amused contempt for that than to let him get a suspicion of the truth. She lifted one slender hand to her damp curls and squeezed out some moisture, bringing it to her mouth.

“Salt,” she said pertly. “My friend and I were sea-bathing.”

Milord was startled into comment. “At this time of year? Did not the lady find it bitterly cold?”

“I managed to keep her reasonably warm,” said Andrea outrageously.

There was a shout of laughter from the listening rustics, and even the master of Kyle grinned reluctantly. “You young scamp! You present the appearance of a prudish young angel, but your behavior is that of a hell-born babe!”

“Oh, Milord, not ‘prudish,’ would you say?”

Andrea found she was enjoying this encounter with Milord Justin more than any conversation she had ever taken part in. Where was the arrogant tyrant who had threatened her earlier? She smiled up into his face, with no notion of how attractive and innocent that open smile was. Milord returned it almost involuntarily, but his expression put Andrea forcibly in mind of a well-fed tiger. A faint prickle of alarm filtered into her complacency. She was playing a terribly dangerous game and she knew it, but not for nothing was she the daughter of Count Vladimir and the sister of Pola Wasylyk. All the years of careful training at the Swiss Academy could not eradicate completely the fiery Wasylyk independence, the willful intelligence which expressed itself as suavely trenchant wit in Count Vladi and as outrageous daring in Pola. So when Milord questioned further, “You saw nothing unusual on the beach?” Andrea slanted a wicked look at him from under her lashes.

She paused, and everyone waited for the answer. The girl permitted the silence to go on too long. Then she said in her deep, boyish voice, “Nothing unusual,” and grinned like an urchin. “Interesting, but not—unusual.”

Stacia would have been horrified and condemnatory. The men guffawed. Lord Justin did not seem to be amused.

“If I were your guardian, you unregenerate young rascal—” he began.

“I am fortunate that my guardian is not—prudish,” said Andrea in a meditative tone.

“Do not carry your disrespect too far,” warned Lord Justin. “I believe, in the interests of justice and the public weal, I must ask you to name your witness—quite between us, of course,” he added gently. “No one but the two of us needs to know the lady’s name.” His gesture dismissed the men.

The tingle of fear became a distinct shock as Andrea realized that her inquisitor had not been fobbed off at all, but only biding his time until her wariness had abated. As the servants and the innkeeper, reluctant to miss the show, slowly left the stable, Lord Justin said softly, “Would it be the very pretty kitchenmaid who accompanied you, boy?”

Andrea cast an agonized look toward the inn, all too conscious of the fact that Freda’s partiality had been ill-disguised. Now Milord would ask her if Mr. Bartholomew had been with her, and of course the silly girl would say no! As she turned to answer Milord, she caught sight of Ben lurking just outside the stable, his face black with anger.

“Good God! Do you tell me she is Ben’s sweetheart?”

Milord, watching the all too expressive countenance with satisfaction, said jovially, “I believe Ben has shown a marked interest in that direction. I’m afraid you’ve made an enemy.”

“But you’re wrong! Freda was not with me tonight, I swear!”

“Too late!” Milord advised her brightly. “Ben is out of hearing. Your gallant attempt to save a lady’s name is gone for naught.”

“It wasn’t a gallant attempt,” retorted Andrea sullenly. “I really wasn’t with the girl.”

“No, I was pretty sure you were not. But it is a fact that your horse was coming along the path from the ocean when my men caught him. I wonder if riding bareback is among your talents?”

“What are you implying?” challenged Andrea, who really did not want to know.

“I am telling you that the—ghost must not ride again.”

Lord Justin held up a hand to silence Andrea’s protest. “I don’t know how you did it, or why, for that matter. I intend to investigate carefully, and if I find a way to tie you into this ridiculous masquerade, I shall see you brought up to stand your trial. Whether tonight’s episode is merely a stupid, vicious little prank, or something more sinister, I advise you to pack up and leave in the morning. Do I make myself understood?”

When Andrea did not reply, Lord Justin went out of the stable. After a few minutes Andrea heard the party from the Castle ride away. She went to comfort Boyo and see that he was settled for the night. While she was seeing to the horse’s comfort, Applegate came into the stable. He appeared ill at ease.

“Will you be leaving in the morning, young sir?”

“No,” answered the girl shortly. The more she thought about Lord Justin’s overbearing manner, the more she longed to defy him.

“But his lordship said—”

“I shall leave in a couple of days. I believe that my work will be finished by then.” Finished—or given up as useless, Andrea thought despairingly. It was all so different than she had imagined it would be, sitting securely in the elegant town house, with servants to do her slightest bidding, and Cousin Stacia accepting Andrea’s plan with flattering confidence in its successful outcome. We have read too many romances from the lending library, Stacia and I, thought the girl. Virtue is not always rewarded, Samuel Richardson to the contrary. Suddenly she felt very tired indeed, and it showed in the small, high-bred face.

The innkeeper was embarrassed. Whatever was Milord thinking of, to be fair hounding this stripling who hadn’t a vicious bone in him, Sam Applegate was willing to swear!

“I’m sure that will suit his lordship,” he said placatingly. Like his good wife, he felt a certain sympathy for the high-metalled youth in spite of his lack of respect for the master of Kyle.

“Does everyone always do as his lordship says?” enquired Andrea bitterly. “How fortunate that is for him!”

“Now, now, young sir,” soothed the innkeeper. “You’ve seen enough of the great world, surely, to know that it is ever thus! We must all do our best in that station to which Heaven has seen fit to call us.” Then, abandoning piety for his natural voice, he added, “Or we find ourselves in a nasty pickle with the nobs, and don’t you forget that, young Master Scholar!”





Chapter Ten



The next morning at breakfast, young Mr. Bartholomew was unusually quiet. William watched him for a while as they ate, and then ventured a question.

“Does your arm pain you, Bart?”

Andrea, who had managed to get herself to sleep by taking the second of Milord’s painkilling powders, was understood to say that she had had a fairish night.

“I’m glad of that, for the word is out that you have been as good as told to leave by our local tyrant,” William advised her. “When do you go?”

“In a day or so,” muttered Andrea, presenting the very picture of a disgruntled youth.

William smiled thinly. Glancing up, Andrea caught the grimace, and wondered, as she had before, just what was keeping Mr. William himself in the vicinity. She was finding it hard to believe that this self-possessed, knowledgeable man was the idle poet he tried to represent himself as. In fact, when he was not thinking of his role, his conversation completely lacked those flights of verbiage with which he had initially greeted her. Could it be that he, too, had an ulterior purpose in being here? He seemed more the man of action than the man of letters. Could he—shocking thought—be investigating the death of Pola also? If so, at whose instigation? Chiding herself for incorrigible romanticism, the girl still found herself trying to read the purpose behind Mr. William’s strong, handsome face.

William had put down his cup and was staring at her. “I have news which might interest you,” he began. “It seems that an English nobleman and his wife have come to stay at the Kyle Arms. These visitors have requested an interview with the master of Kyle. He is to receive them for dinner this very evening. Their name is Castane.” He watched her sharply.

Andrea’s face remained unconcerned. She had never heard of the people, not did she see how their arrival could affect her plans. Apparently satisfied that she had no knowledge of the newcomers, William went on in a more relaxed manner, “It is said that they are here to bring some sort of news in connection with Milord Justin’s late wife.”

Andrea dropped her fork with a small clatter onto her plate.

“This intelligence bothers you, boy?”

Andrea managed a scornful smile. “Bothers me? No, I find it rather boring. I was merely a little surprised at your skill in picking up the local gossip—and at your apparent relish for it.” She laughed. “Still, in a place where so little happens, these small crumbs of tittle-tattle can be exciting.”

Mr. William’s face was showing color at her mockery. “Did anyone ever suggest to you, halfling, that your damned impudence might earn you a broken head?” Then he tried to recover. With a leer, he said, “My informant was Freda, that very susceptible wench who works in the kitchen. Having failed to attract you, she let me persuade her to—er—walk in the woods . . .”

His smile was openly jeering now. “You’re a deal too nice in your tastes, Bart. Freda’s a warm armful, and would be gentle with you.” He laughed. “By God, you’re blushing!”

Andrea curled her lip disdainfully, not wishing to engage in repartee of this nature lest she say something inappropriate to the character she was portraying. Finally, since the wretched man kept grinning at her, she said tartly, “I am not much in the petticoat line, sir. My sisters have given me a distaste for female artiface.”

“They must be formidable indeed, to have accomplished that at your age! How many have you?”

“Five,” said Andrea firmly, determined to tell a convincing lie. “All older than myself, all enjoying extreme sensibility of the nerves, and all given to ordering me about.”

“Good God, boy, it’s no wonder you choose to rusticate in this forsaken corner of the kingdom during your vacation from college!” William regarded the unfortunate brother with compassion. “The marvel to me is that you can encounter any female with common civility.”

“I don’t,” said Andrea, recalling the kitchenmaid’s advances and her laughter.

“You must be in a fair way of becoming a complete misanthrope,” grinned William, but there was real emotion behind his bantering tone. “I dislike the sex myself,” he admitted.

“You!” Andrea showed incredulity. “You just finished saying that that very forthcoming maid was a —a warm armful!”

“So she is. You don’t have to like ‘em to enjoy ‘em. Just remember never to trust a woman.” This was said with such vicious emphasis that Andrea decided Mr. William was not only endeavoring to instruct his young companion in the secret lore of manhood, but also expressing his real feeling about womankind. Is this really how they think of us? she mused. Is it always a secret battle, a jockeying for power, a never-relaxed distrust? Andrea felt this was very sad, if true. The novels in the lending library were not proving to be much practical help, it would seem!

Perhaps fortunately, at this moment, Applegate appeared in the doorway. He was frowning and rubbing his hands.

“Mr. Bartholomew, Ostler tells me your saddle is gone. Do you know—”

“My saddle? But was it not racked as usual after I last used it?”

“To best of Ostler’s recollection, it were, but where it can have got to, no one knows, seemingly. I would have you know ‘tis first time every any such has happened at The Stag.”

“Some light-fingered farmboy, perchance?” suggested William.

Applegate seemed disproportionately angry. “None of ‘em ‘d dare!” he snapped. “Milord is very strict, you see, and cannot be swayed from his judgment, once given.”

“Right out of the Old Testament,” remarked William. “A jealous god.”

The innkeeper looked affronted. He pointedly addressed Andrea. “What was you wishful to do about your saddle, sir?”

“It may have fallen down behind something, in all the bustle we had when the horses were let loose,” soothed Andrea. “Just supply me with another for my ride this morning. You can do that? I shall be happy to pay.”

“Of course, Mr. Bartholomew, and there will be no charge.”

“Thank you! Then have the local saddler send over a selection later this afternoon. It is time I had a new saddle. I’ll purchase one before I return to London.”

The host seemed at once relieved and uneasy at this speech. It transpired that he feared his lordship would be angry at a theft occurring in his bailiwick; at the same time he welcomed the idea that the controversial youth was indeed preparing to quit the inn. Eventually he bowed himself out.

“You will not be embarrassed by the expense of a new saddle?” queried Mr. William.

“No, I believe I have sufficient funds for that,” Andrea reassured him, rather absent-mindedly. She was thinking hard about the best use to which she could put her few final hours. She was compelled to admit that her foray into Milord’s territory had resulted in nothing but humiliation for herself. Sternly she denied the vagrant memory of excitement and shared laughter, and the kindness of the gift of pain-relieving drugs for her arm. After all, he had struck her, the beast, and it was little enough that he make amends with the drugs! Rigorously she repressed the knowledge that her own amazing imprudence in accusing him of murder had brought the reprisal upon her. Pushing back from the table, she rose and sketched a boyish bow to Mr. William.

“I must thank you for your instruction concerning the sex, sir,” she said in her small deep voice.

William grinned and waved her off. “It’s clear to me that you were born to be hanged,” he chuckled, but his eyes followed the slight boyish figure. A small frown wrinkled his forehead.

Andrea had decided upon a bold plan. She lacked the means—and, be it admitted, the nerve—to make the ghost ride again. But there might be one more place where she could discover something which would prove or disprove her suspicions of the lord of Kyle. She intended to ride to Talon House and crave an audience with its master, Sir Ormond Talon. Now what could her pretext be?

It was a glorious day, right out of summer, and Andrea straightened her shoulders and breathed deeply as she cantered along on Boyo. That intelligent beast too seemed to be enjoying the exercise, for he capered and pranced, caracoled and curveted, practicing some of the paces Andrea had taught him in order to beguile the tedium of the trip north. Andrea was laughing with delight as they came into the clearing beside a pond and came face to face with Milord Justin.

Surprise was wiped from his face by rising anger.

“You—! Trespassing again? Defying me again? We’ll see about that!” and Milord sprang his great black stallion directly at her.

Not for nothing had Andrea been taught to ride by a Cossack officer. Not for nothing had she schooled and talked to Boyo on the trip to Kyle Village and on their rides since. With a quick prod of knee and toe, she whirled the horse in his own length and sent him galloping off back along the path they had just quitted. Behind her the stallion’s hooves beat an angry tattoo at the earth, but were they coming nearer? No, by all that was wonderful, she was drawing ahead! Andrea laughed.

Whether she had misjudged the speed of Milord’s advance, or whether the sound of her mocking laughter had angered him to increased effort, Andrea was not to know. The first warning she had was a flash, from the side of her eye, of a great ebon head, eyes aglare, coming up at her left shoulder. Within seconds Milord’s horse was level with Boyo and was crowding him ruthlessly off the path. Andrea shouted encouragement to her horse, and gave him his head, but to no avail. Milord thrust ahead and began to rein in his stallion across the path.

Andrea couldn’t believe her luck. With another low-voiced command and a touch of her knee, she caused Boyo to whirl, cat-like, and race back the way they had come. The audacity of this move, and Boyo’s quick comprehension and performance, so excited and pleased her that Andrea gave a shout of triumph. It was her undoing. Behind her the great stallion trumpeted and thundered after the fleeing duo. Thoroughly aroused, Lord Justin was not to be bested. Within seconds his black had come up again beside Boyo’s shoulder and was jostling the smaller horse off the path.

Andrea took one look at the furious anger on Milord’s face, and gave Boyo the office to break stride. She could not let her gallant friend be forced into the underbrush and perhaps injured.

So, under guard, Boyo and his rider came again into the small clearing by the pond. Milord’s stallion loomed over them, eyes rolling, and his master, features rigidly controlled, stared at Andrea.

Facing that ice-gray scrutiny, the girl quailed.

“I was on my way to visit Sir Ormond,” she offered in a small voice.

“If that is true, you had lost your way. This road leads to Kyle Castle.” Could anything be colder than his voice? Somehow it was worse than red rage. “I cannot believe you did not know it,” Milord continued.

Unbidden, the memory of Applegate’s words rose into Andrea’s mind. “Milord is very strict, and cannot be swayed from his judgment, once given.”

She forced herself to meet the big man’s gaze bravely. “On my word, Lord Justin, I intended no trespass this time. I truly believed I was on the road to Talon House.” Why, Mr. William himself had pointed it out to her as she left the inn!

There was a silence broken only by the heavy breathing of the horses as Milord considered her statement. Still holding her gaze steadfast, Andrea continued. “I admit to imprudence in my speech the last time I addressed your lordship, and for that I ask your pardon. I do not know quite how it is, but when I come to talking to you—” her expressive little face echoed the bewilderment expressed by her uplifted, open palms. Then a flush rose in her cheeks as she heard herself make these apologetic, truckling remarks. What was the matter with her? Generations of Wasylyks would whirl in their honorable graves at such a crawling speech from their unworthy descendant! She straightened her shoulders and lifted her chin. “That is all I have to say.”

“Is it? I suppose I should be thankful for small mercies,” replied Milord, staring hard at the flushed, handsome face. The ice-hardness seemed to be melting out of his countenance, and a reluctant twitch at one corner of his strong, beautifully-cut mouth indicated that his anger was abating. He looked from Andrea to her mount. “That was rather good riding,” he said at last.

Andrea smiled shyly. “Thank you.”

Milord grinned. “We both know it was superb,” he admitted. “With a stronger horse, you’d have given me the slip. Where—how—did you learn to ride like that, boy?”

Andrea’s rush of pleasure at his praise was completely voided by the next remark. “I might be willing to hire you as my groom. Such expertise should not be wasted.”

“I am not for hire,” said Andrea, very stiff and haughty.

“Here’s a fine heat!” Milord was regaining his good temper rapidly. “Perhaps I shall arrest you for trespass, and impose a sentence of sixty days hard labor—in my stables.” His smile challenged her.

“I am leaving Kyle Village tomorrow,” protested Andrea, “and I gave you my word I did not intend to trespass today!”

“You think, then, that I should accept the word of a vagrant youth who refuses to present his credentials?”

Andrea felt her spirits sink. Was she to go through all that again? And what could she say? It was impossible to tell the truth, and she hadn’t any documents to prove her assumed name and sex. Unconsciously her glance met Milord’s with appeal.

He watched her for a moment, then said softly, “Get off your horse.”

“M-m-ilord?”

“Off!”

Andrea slipped neatly down and stood next to Boyo’s head.

“A well-trained animal and a remarkable rider. It seems a pity not to learn more about you, Master Enigma. But if you give your word you are leaving tomorrow—?”

“Oh, yes, Lord Justin!” said Andrea so devoutly that a reluctant smile came to the big man’s lips.

“I think there should be some punishment for the trouble you have caused me, and certainly for your impudence, do not you?”

“Punishment?” faltered Andrea, wide-eyed.

“We are quite alone and unobserved here. Perhaps the rules of chivalry might be set in abeyance for once—since neither one of us happens to be wearing his sword. As for fisticuffs, I have a trifle the advantage of you in weight and reach—” He was openly grinning at her now, as he slid from his great stallion and walked over to stand beside her. “Shall we let our good beasts do token battle for us?”

Horrified at the idea, Andrea stared from Boyo to the huge monster Lord Justin rode. “That would be terribly unfair! Cannot think your lordship is serious! Besides, I am sure Boyo doesn’t know how to fight.”

“He could learn, if attacked,” advised Milord dryly. “What then do you suggest? Personal battle between us two?”

“You are pleased to jest, Milord,” said Andrea sternly.

Lord Justin broke into a shout of laughter. “I am indeed, my bantling. I also cannot quite understand the effect you have upon me, you impudent young jackanapes, but I find it difficult to stay angry with you. And yet you must not be allowed to leave my demesne without a lesson of some sort—” He cast his glance around. “A caning, do you think? There are plenty of stout branches to hand . . .”

Andrea made a quick move to remount. A hard hand caught her firmly by the upper arm. “I think not. I believe I have already bruised your person sufficiently. So what else, educational and yet not too painful in its effects?”

Outraged at this teasing, Andrea turned her head to glare at her tormentor. At that moment he bent and swung her into his arms, strode rapidly toward the pond, and tossed her in.

She landed with a mighty splash. Muddy water rushed into her mouth, opened to shout. Coughing and spluttering, she struggled to her feet. The water was waist deep. Above her choking she heard his mocking laughter. “Another swim for you, bantling! Such a nice day for it, too!”

As she began to wade ashore, her foot slipped on the slimy mud bottom of the pond and she fell in again. Clenching her fists in rage, she once again got to her feet and waded more carefully out of the water.

Lord Justin was mounted by this time. He was watching her with considerable amusement. “At least there was no audience to your downfall this time,” he mocked.

After one scathing glance, rather hindered by the strand of soggy weeds over her face, the girl turned and made for her own horse.

“Just be sure you are out of Kyle Village by tomorrow night, Bartholomew, or you will find yourself answering questions. This is my last warning.” He turned and rode off down the forest path.

Hideously uncomfortable, muttering under her breath, and trying not to cry, Andrea rode slowly after him.





Chapter Eleven



Pola’s ghost rode again that night.

The first that Andrea knew of the matter was when she was roused from a very uneasy slumber by shouts and cries from the taproom below her. She had come back to the stables after her encounter with Lord Justin in a grim temper, drenched and shivering, her clothing offensive to her nostrils from the pond muck, and to her delicate skin from the damp chafing. She had had to endure crude jests from the stableboy, and to cap it all, the ostler told her she’d have to pay for any damage done to the borrowed saddle because of the soaking it had received on the ride home. Leaving them guffawing over their own wit, she stalked into the kitchen, ordered a hot bath at once, and stamped up to her room. The wait for the hot water—for she could not divest herself of her wet garments until the maid had come and gone—did nothing to improve her temper. And when Freda, bringing the second two cans of water, offered to wash Mr. Bartholomew’s back for him, it was the last straw. Mr. Bartholomew dismissed the saucy piece with an oath Andrea didn’t realize she knew. Then, locking the door, she stripped off the noisome garments—ruined, she decided glumly—and sank into the blessed warmth in the huge old tub. Having to get out again to fetch her soap, which in her haste she had forgotten, did nothing to restore the tone of her mind.

The hot water soothed and calmed her, and her thoughts drifted to pleasanter matters. With a sense of shock she discovered that she was thinking of Dominic Justin, the way his mouth quirked at the corners when he was trying to repress a smile, the ice-cold gray of his eyes which could amazingly become warm with laughter, the feel of his strong body as his big arms closed around her and held her secure . . . even if he was in the act of tossing her into the pond at the time!

Suddenly she sat up in the tub, grasped for the washcloth and set vigorously to scrubbing away such coy, missish maunderings. What, was she some schoolroom chit with her sighs and vaporings over the first good-looking man who came into her ken? Then Andrea gave a reluctant chuckle. She was honest and direct, two qualities she must have inherited from her mother and the sturdy middle-class grandfather. She forced herself to accept the unpalatable facts that, primus: she was little more than a schoolroom miss; secundus: that she had not at all the same feelings for the dark and dashing Mr. William, undeniably as good-looking as Milord; and, tertius: that she had been convinced for several days that Dominic Justin had not murdered her sister. The blow which had felled Andrea had been given in justifiable anger to an impudent youth, not to a girl; and sending the soothing medicine was an act of compassion. Even the throwing into the pond of a persistently annoying boy—for she knew she was that and no more to Milord—was not the act of a vicious murderer.

Conclusio: (I am being very logical, Andrea congratulated herself) Lord Justin had not killed Pola; therefore she had indeed died by accident, just as her willful mother had done, or—her mind continued relentlessly—Pola had been murdered by someone else! Unbidden, the name of Sir Ormond Talon flashed into her mind. For the first time, Andrea began to realize that she was meddling in matters of desperate intrigue. This was no romantic tale to be resolved with a neat confession or simple ingenuity. This was mystery and dark passion and hatred leading to ruthless murder. She would go back to London at once, the very next day, for it was too late to set out today, and leave the solving of crimes to those who were trained and competent to handle such business.

As for Lord Justin—she forced herself to admit that she could never mean anything to that arrogant man, for had he not married her sister? Was there not a law against a man marrying his sister-in-law? So she would return to her own milieu, try to grow up into a sensible woman, and eventually marry some quite worthy young man who would have strong arms and a hard warm chest and who would look exactly like Lord Justin!

When she had come to this logical conclusion, Andrea dried herself hastily, flung her self into bed, and cried herself to sleep.

A few hours later, she became aware, with some alarm, of the commotion of the inn. Men shouted, doors banged, There was even a shot fired in the road almost beneath her window. With shaking fingers she lit the candles and struggled to find some clothing that wasn’t soaked with slimy mud. Fresh underclothing and a shirt were available, woolen stockings ready to hand, but her one good suit, put on for calling on Talon House, was ruined. She fumbled out her riding breeches, the last of those made by her father’s order, now just a little too tight. Putting them on, she thrust her shirt into the waist band and sat down to pull on her old riding boots. She stood up, stamping the boots on. Now, what to do for a coat? There was only her father’s driving coat, but it was both warm and concealing—excellent qualities in this situation. Running the brush casually through her curls, Andrea opened the door and descended to the front hallway.

Freda was busy lighting all the lamps. Andrea noted sourly that the girl had either been dressed when the trouble began or had taken time to titivate herself, for her hair was in its usual artful disarray over her smooth broth shoulders, and her dress, without the modest fichu Mistress Applegate normally insisted upon, was an invitation to any masculine eyes in the neighborhood.

“Oh, lawks, Mr. Bartholomew, ‘tis the ghost again!” she squawked. Andrea was pleased to note that her voice was not at all enticing.

“You have seen a ghost?”

Freda shook her head. “ ‘Twas Joe saw it, out in stable.”

“Again?” mocked Andrea. Joe was the unfortunate stableboy who had beheld her on that other, haunted night, and promptly fainted.

But Freda was protesting. “Jem Ostler saw it too. All draped in white an’ creepin’ near the earth it was, Jem says. Fair give ‘im a turn!”

Andrea stopped smiling. This was no drunken recapitulation of her earlier phantom. The picture conjured up by Freda’s words was a singularly unpleasant one. Repressing a shudder, Andrea went out of the inn to join a small group of villagers who were standing in the road. Some of them held torches, and the flickering light on tense faces gave the scene a macabre quality.

“So there you are, Mr. Bartholomew,” said a voice which Andrea identified as belonging to her host. “We are wondering if you were going to sleep through it all.”

“How could anyone?” snapped Andrea crossly. “Such a hubbub over a stableboy’s nightmare!”

“Nightmare it were not, young master,” objected Applegate, and half a dozen voices bore him out. “Will Stout, he’s with the local militia, just back from the army is Will, and brought his blunderbuss wi’ him—he fired off at the ghost smart enough and sent it packin’ toward the Castle!”

“Did he do it any harm?” asked Andrea, convinced that there was a human agency behind this latest appearance of the ghost.

There was a scandalized tut-tutting from the crowd.

“Now how could a blunderbush harm a unquiet spirit?” asked one villager sternly.

“The English have no respect for tradition,” said a voice which Andrea thought she recognized as that of the local schoolmaster, Dominie Burkett, with whom she had avoided a conversation about Oxford in the taproom of Kyle Arms. He had not forgiven her for her imagined slight.

A third voice said sharply, “It’s them colleges addlin’ the minds of young folk!” Whereat the cultured voice of Dominie Burkett retorted, “Hold your tongue, Tamson!” It was clear that while he might disapprove of one individual student, he was in no way prepared to let anyone defame education.

“Sorry, Dominie,” came the rather unconvincing apology.

Andrea fought a sense of unreality. “Then why, if it could do no harm, did Will South fire his blunderbush—buss? she challenged. What am I doing getting into an argument over unquiet spirits, she wondered, with reluctant amusement, and the thought crossed her mind of the pleasure Lord Justin would take in this situation.

There was a cry from someone in the group, and everyone’s attention was diverted toward two mounted figures advancing down the road toward the inn. Upon closer inspection, these were seen to be Jem the ostler and Will Stout, the young farmer militiaman who was generally known to be soft on Freda. This fact probably explained why he had been able to get to his horse so quickly when the alarm first broke out in the stable. The two were besieged with questions as to the outcome of the chase. The intelligence which they were able to import was startling enough to silence the group momentarily.

“ ‘Twas Mr. William playin’ ghost,” said Jem, proud to be the bearer of such a dramatic piece of news. “We ran ‘im along Castle road . . . hollerin’ fit to wake dead! ‘E was getting’ away from us—powerfu’ little ‘orse ‘e ‘ad, when who should come ridin’ ‘ell-for-leather down road but ‘is lordship an’ two of the guards. ‘Twas Ben an’ Matt, an’ all three o’ them spoilin’ for a fight.”

“They got it!” added the young farmer with relish. “William fought like a devil—yellin’ at ‘em in a foreign tongue, an’ flashin’ a nasty long blade. Got Lord Justin wi’ it.”

Andrea felt a wave of faintness sweep over her. “Lord Justin . . . is dead?” she whispered. But other stronger voices were clamoring for an answer, and to her inexpressible relief, Jem replied, “No. Just a monstrous deep cut on left arm. Matt bound it wi’ ‘is lordship’s own neckerchief.”

The young farmer took up the tale with relish. “When ‘is lordship disarmed William, Matt an’ Ben wrestled ‘im down an’ bound ‘im to a tree at Milord’s command. Then Matt tended to ‘is lordship’s arm, after which we was told to go ‘ome and bid you all disperse to your beds.” He grinned. “Up to anything, is Milord! There ‘e was, wi’ the blood soakin’ ‘is arm, sendin’ us off cool as a cowcumber!”

There was a general murmur of discontent, in which Andrea found herself joining. “You mean to say you don’t know what happened after that?” she asked angrily. “I for one shall not go to bed until the whole is resolved.”

Although there was agreement with her sentiments, which were thought to be very sensible, Dominie Burkett said firmly. “His lordship will handle it, and we shall hear tomorrow why William tried to play the ghost, and what punishment Lord Justin visited upon him. Now let us go to our homes, all of us, for there is nothing more we can do tonight.”

Some wit in the crowd suggested that Host Applegate might open up the taproom again and serve everyone a soothing potion. This was received with encouraging shouts and laughter from the group, but no compliance at all from the innkeeper. He herded his servants back into the inn and shut the great front door smartly. The villagers began to walk away in twos and threes, busily discussing the exciting events of the evening.

Andrea had faded into the shadows by the inn, and was unnoticed. After a few minutes, having given Applegate time to put out the lamps and send his servants to their beds, she crept back to the stable. Here one solitary lantern still burned, but the stableboy was nowhere to be seen. Andrea crept inside and went to Boyo’s stall.

It was empty. She looked further, and saw William’s bay still in its proper place. So, William had taken her horse for his midnight impersonation! Resentment rose in the girl’s breast. What a scurvy trick to play! If the horse had been recognized and the culprit not caught, she would have been the prime suspect. She could not in truth dismiss the idea that William would be willing to serve her such an ill turn, yet what could have been his motive for making the ride in the first place? Why should he want the ghost of Milord’s dead wife to ride through the village?

It seemed very important indeed that she discover what really lay behind this strange behavior. Without considering too clearly the possible effects of her action, Andrea deftly saddled William’s bay and rode quietly out of the inn-yard. Keeping to the grassy verge of the road, where the sound of the horse’s hooves was dulled, the girl made her way toward the Castle road. Once within the wood, she quickened pace and moved quietly up toward the scene of the night’s bizarre action.

She did not see the torches she expected, nor hear any sound. The first warning she had was when the bay skittered nervously, whinnied, and was answered by a muffled groan. Her eyes, by now accustomed to the darkness, picked out a lighter patch near the foot of a tree. Quickly she dismounted and walked toward the tree. Mr. William was crumpled on the ground, cut ends of rope testifying to the fact that he had been held prisoner for a time. His coat and shirt, along with a torn sheet, had been ripped from him, probably by the agency of his own knife, which was disdainfully stuck through the garments, pinning them to the earth. William was leaning face downward against the tree. His back was a mass of dark stripes.

Andrea tried to lift his shoulder. With a snarl of bared teeth he flung up his head, then blinked incredulously.

“Bart! What are you doing here? I thought it was that devil come back!”

“Everyone is gone, Mr. William. Let me help you to return to the inn. You are in need of medical attention.”

“Forget that! ‘Tis my pride that’s wounded, more than my back! I’ll have revenge on that devil if I die doing it,” muttered William, audibly grinding his teeth.

Shocked by his venom, Andrea yet remembered her own anger and humiliation over much less than William had suffered. A proud man could be driven to madness by such treatment. She began to try to get William to his feet and onto the back of his horse, hoping that the now nervous animal would accept its own master more readily than a stranger. She scanned the undergrowth and the road, but saw no sign of Boyo. She would have to get William on his own horse and lead them back to the inn. It would be a hard task, but not an impossible one.

Half an hour later, she thankfully brought the bay into the stable behind The Stag. The lantern had burned low, but still furnished enough light for Andrea to assist William to dismount. It was an ungraceful proceeding, but she got him to his feet and led him, shoulder under his armpit, into the inn by the kitchen door. Mounting the stairs was easier than she had feared. Her patient seemed to be recruiting his strength, and helped himself by clinging to the stair-rail. They crept, soft-footed, down the corridor, William indicated his own door. Andrea got it open and helped him through and toward his bed, which showed clearly in the light coming through the uncurtained window. When the man was resting prone on his bed, Andrea closed the door quietly and lighted a candle. With it in hand, she came to the bed and looked down on William’s back.

The blood from the whipping had dried; it was not as savage as Andrea had feared, although it was severe enough, she was sure, to cause much pain. She got a clean towel and dipped it in the pitcher on the washstand, then moved to wipe the blood gently from the cuts.

William roused himself. “Let be, boy. I’m well enough. A drink is what I need. Get one from the dresser top.”

There was a bottle of fine French brandy on the dresser, and Andrea poured a glassful which she gave him. He tossed it down in one grateful gulp and wordlessly demanded more. Andrea filled the glass again. Perhaps the liquor would prove a painkiller. A night’s sleep would enable Mr. William to face the problems which would surely confront him tomorrow. He sipped the second glass more slowly. His dark eyes glittered in the light of the candle.

“How came you to find me?” he muttered.

“I heard of the ghost . . . and the attack upon you, and went out to find you.”

“Obliged,” said William formally, but his mind was elsewhere. “They stripped me—even my breeches, damn them! They were looking for a woman!” He drained the glass and held it out again.

Andrea made no move to take the glass. “A woman? But that is . . . insane!”

“No, there is a sister of Lord Justin’s wife who is missing. Those Castanes from London called to inform Justin. The girl was supposed to have gone back to her school in Switzerland, but when a friend of the family went there to offer condolences, the headmistress said she had never returned from London. Somewhere there is another red-haired, green-eyed bitch . . . loose in the world . . . damn her . . .” His voice dulled and ceased and the glass fell from his fist to the bed.

Andrea replaced it on the dresser, put out the candle, and closed the door behind her. As she crept back to her own room, the shock of what she had just heard had her brain reeling. Of course everyone in the village would have known the color of hair and eyes of Lord Justin’s wife, and Mr. William had demonstrated his ability to glean information. Yet the rancor, even hatred he revealed—! Could he be someone who had known Pola, who perhaps had followed her to this village, and was even now seeking to avenge her death? Vengeance upon Lord Dominic Justin?

Well, why should she care for that? Painfully the girl faced the truth—that she had fallen in love with her sister’s husband, and that she feared he would be injured by William. Yet it was no business of hers. She had no right to defend Lord Justin. There could be nothing between the widowed lord and his dead wife’s sister. He did not even like her! While she—Andrea closed her eyes against the painful discovery of her own vulnerability She tried to decide how to escape the net which seemed to be tightening around her. At length she laid out a fresh shirt for the morning, packed her trunk and portmanteau, locked them, and got into bed. Her course was clear to her. She must leave by first light. To remain would accomplish nothing. More, it could expose her to terrible dangers.





Chapter Twelve



Andrea slept lightly and was awake and dressed at dawn. Had it not been that she owed the innkeeper for a week’s board and lodging, she might have slipped away before any of the servants were awake. She toyed with the idea of leaving an adequate sum on the dresser in her bedroom and then vanishing without a formal goodbye. However this was not to be considered seriously, for she had no wish to draw attention further upon herself by odd behavior. So, carrying her portmanteau and leaving the trunk to be sent after her, she came out of her room into the upper hallway.

As she was going past Mr. William’s door she heard a groan. She hesitated, and was lost. Opening the door a trifle, she called softly, “May I do something to help?”

“Come in!” It was a desperate cry.

Misliking the weakness and pain revealed in the voice, Andrea came into the room. In the revealing morning sunlight, William presented a grim picture, stretched out on his back on the bed. His cuts had bled during the night of restless turning and tossing, and the sheet was stained. His face was haggard, his beard unshaven, and his black hair a tangle. Andrea was shocked by his appearance.

“Let me send a doctor to you! I am sure you have a fever.”

“No, no, I’m well enough,” muttered William, his eyes on her face.

“Your back needs attention, Mr. William. You have been cruelly used. At least I’ll have the maid bring up hot tea for you.”

“Don’t wait for that. You must get away at once,” whispered William fiercely. The girl thought his eyes had a mad light in them. “Justin has lost his self-control. He’s going to strip and lash every stranger in the village. Take my horse and go at once! Head for London. Once you’re safe away from here, you can take your time. I’ll catch up with you on the road and get my horse back in a few days.”

“Why should I take your—? Oh!” she remembered that her own Boyo had not been in the stable. Mr. William had taken him for his ghost appearance, but the horse had not been at the scene of the whipping. Andrea frowned. Why had William taken Boyo in the first place? If it was to throw suspicion on young Bartholomew, dared she accept his advice now? There was much more to this situation than she had guessed. She began to doubt her ability to come through it without error.

William had been watching her with fevered eyes. “You will do as I say? Take my horse and make run for it? You are in very great danger, I swear before God! You do not know the evil . . . the evil . . .” he choked and gasped, stretching out one hand piteously toward her.

Andrea came to the bed with some thought of bathing his face and straightening his bedding to make him more comfortable. He reached out and caught her wrist in sinewy fingers. His hand was hard and burning hot. He pulled her over the bed until she was nearly on top of his body. “You must get away!”

Then in one quick movement, he clipped her body close to his and ran his other hand hard across her breasts. His eyes were glaring and his lips drawn back in a snarl.

Andrea jerked herself away from him with difficulty, stumbling back a few steps. He raised himself on one elbow, trying to get off the bed after her. The girl whirled and raced from the room, not stopping to pick up her portmanteau from the hall as she ran down the front stairway. The front door was wide open, and conferring quietly with Applegate was Lord Justin!

His glance of polite enquiry changed to guarded concern as he noted her shocked face. He came forward and met her at the foot of the stairs.”Ah, Mr. Bartholomew! Well met! I am glad to have caught you before you left.”

This had an ominous sound, in spite of the imperturbability of his expression. He was such a handsome big man, point-device in his riding dress even so early in the morning, looming above her against the bright sunlight from the door, so that she could see only his big shoulders and fine head outlined in gold. If only she did not feel this treacherous weakness whenever she was in his presence! The weakness which made her force a saucy manner she did not really wish to exhibit! Andrea made her voice consciously deep and firm.

“I am leaving, sir, immediately after breakfast, as I have already informed Applegate.”

“So he tells me. But I have brought that which will make your journey easier.” To the question implied by her rather haughtily raised eyebrows, he pointed to the hitching post in front of the door, standing aside so that she could see Boyo tied there, well-groomed and obviously much at his ease.

Mortified, Andrea stammered her thanks. What a fool she must appear, planning to ride off without a horse! Did this man always have to get the better of her? Then it occurred to her that she was not expected to have known anything about William taking her horse for his ride, or that Boyo had not been returned last night. She made a recover.

“You have ordered him brought round for me? This is to speed the parting guest indeed!” and she essayed a smile.

“My servants—found your horse in my woods last night. It was only courtesy to return him to you this morning.”

“Again, my thanks, Milord,” said Andrea. “Now if you will excuse me—a cup of coffee before I begin my journey . . .” and she made to go past him into the dining room.

Perhaps it was the aftermath of the peculiar attack which Mr. William had made upon her person; perhaps the relief of learning that Milord had returned Boyo; perhaps even the powerful male presence of Dominic Justin—for whatever reason, Andrea now experienced a wave of giddiness as she turned quickly. She was forced to catch at the doorjamb with one hand. In an instant, moving like lightning, Lord Justin was at her side and had a hand on her shoulder.

“What is it? Are you ill? I thought as you came downstairs that there was something wrong.”

Toujours l’audace! She must brazen it out for just an hour more—long enough to get out of this village and safe on the road to London! “I have just had a very strange and ugly experience with Mr. William,” she said in a low voice. Better to tell as much of the truth as possible to Milord from this moment—her awkward lies had a way of being exposed before his gray searching eyes. She managed to slide her shoulder out from under Milord’s grip and preceded him into the dining parlor. “I had not intended to speak of it to anyone, but you, Milord, are a man of the world, so perhaps . . .”

Lord Justin nodded gravely, but again at the corners of his lips small muscles tugged in the repressed smile Andrea found so devastating. “As one man of the world to another,” he said solemnly, “and also considering that I horsewhipped the rogue last night for trying to cast suspicion on you, my dear sir, I think you may count me a sympathetic listener.”

“Oh, was it you who was responsible for his condition?” Andrea asked artlessly. “He seems in great pain, possibly feverish.”

“He deserves it—and more,” answered Milord grimly; and then, putting her firmly in her place, “But these are matters in which you can have little interest. Pray honor me with your confidence. You spoke of an ugly experience?”

Andrea moved toward the dining table and moistened her dry throat with a sip from one of the cups of coffee a nervous Freda had just poured. As soon as the girl had scuttled from the room, Andrea began, “As I was coming downstairs a few minutes ago, I heard a groan from one of the bedrooms. I pushed open the door to offer help, and was greeted by a gory sight. Mr. William was lying on the bed, obviously injured and in a fever. I advanced to his bedside to ask what I could do to help . . . when Mr. William touched my body . . . made a gesture which I could not tolerate—from another man.”

The effort it took to raise her eyes from the coffee cup to Milord’s face was the greatest she had ever made. She could not control the fiery color in her face, but she held her voice as steady as she could. “I had not known one man could make such a gesture to another. Oh, at school there was some talk of such behavior, but I am afraid I disregarded it.” She looked away, finally. “What you have said is true, Milord. I am not yet man enough to be away from my home. I must return at once.”

Lord Justin watched the proud, embarrassed young face thoughtfully. “While I cannot be sure just what—er—gesture Mr. William sought to make upon your person,” he said slowly, “I feel it only fair to the rogue to inform you that his action was more likely dictated by a desire for information than for—anything else.”

“Information?” Andrea’s squeak of fear might have been a youth’s falsetto voice-break.

Milord nodded. “There is a rumor that a certain young lady is missing and may have come to this part of the world. I believe his action was an attempt to discover if you—” he paused deliberately, eyebrows elevated.

“I thought he was feverish!” exclaimed Andrea, her very real awareness of how close he was to the truth appearing as a natural embarrassment. “He is obviously out of his senses. A doctor should be sent for at once.” She put down her empty cup. “I shall request Applegate to do it.”

Milord made no move, but stood looking down at her soberly. It could only be by chance, Andrea hoped, that he had placed himself between her and the door.

“You have had rather a thin time of it, Scholar, on your prized first flight from the nest. Yet I think it wise of you to return home now. You have inadvertently embroiled yourself in dangerous matters. And listened to too much gossip, I fear! In future, you might consider the advisability of securing all the facts before making judgments.”

“I asked your pardon for that, Milord,” said Andrea stiffly. “I know now that you could never have murdered Pola or the count—”

His face had changed in a flash. With a single stride he was upon her, and had her shoulder in a stone-crushing grip.

“Whence had you that name, boy—and how dare you use it?”

“Mr. William used it,” Andrea lid instinctively. “He told me the tale—”

Flinging her from him so she lost her balance, Lord Justin strode to the door and hailed the innkeeper. “Inform my servants that I wish them here at once.”

Picking herself up from the floor where his anger had thrust her, Andrea went quietly to sit at the table. What a fool she was to have allowed her over-confidence in her acting ability to betray her into such a disastrous mistake! Mentioning Pola by name—and the gossip. At worst—? She poured herself another cup of coffee, and made a pretense of eating a slice of the bread Freda had set out. That was another thing. What was wrong with the maid? Lacking completely her normal bold, saucy manner, the girl had gotten out of the room as quickly as possible. A good suggestion for me to follow, Andrea decided fearfully. As soon as Milord moved out into the hall to speak to his servants, she would escape—through the window, if necessary. What mattered trunk or portmanteau? Escape was the objective.

But Milord failed to oblige. He stood just in the doorway, filling it with his inordinate height and broad shoulders. Shortly Andrea heard the voice of Alan, Milord’s factor.

“You sent for me, Milord?”

“Take another man and get William. He’s abed, upstairs. Applegate will show you the room. He’s to be brought to the Castle at once, and with him, everything that belongs to him—everything! He fooled us very neatly last night. He knows much more of the business than he admitted.”

“Aye, your lordship.” There was the heavy tramp of boots up the stairs, and the light nervous vice of Applegate.

Lord Justin came back into the dining room. “I am glad you did not try to run away,” he said in a silky voice.

“There was no reason why I should.” Andrea was beginning to feel out of charity with this arrogant, cold-eyed man, and to wonder why she had ever thought him attractive. “When I have finished my breakfast, I shall mount my horse and wipe the dust of this unattractive village from my feet. You are still in the middle ages here, Milord. I shall be glad to return to civilization.”

Gone from Lord Justin’s face was even the faintest hint of compassion or amusement. “Fine rhetoric, youngling. But may I remind you that you are still in this unattractive village, and so under my jurisdiction. Yes, you were correct. We are medieval here. I am master of Kyle, and my writ runs from the sea to the hills of Kyle at country’s end.” His lips moved in the coldest smile Andrea had ever seen. “I warn you, boy, I have come to the end of my patience. My power is absolute. You would be well-advised to leave quickly and quietly, before you find yourself haled up to the Castle to answer for your behavior.”

Cheered by the prospect of immediate escape, Andrea became over-valiant. “But, Milord, what have I to say to any of this?”

Lord Justin sighed in exasperation. “Am I never to be rid of you, you nuisance? The only thing you can tell me is why you are wearing that ridiculous coat. It is much too large and obviously not your own. If it is William’s, I shall have to ask you to leave it here.”

The golden head went high, and a husky young voice spoke proudly. “The clothes I wear are clean and paid for. If they are not suitable, that may be forgiven in a student who has not the wealth of the master of Kyle. When you threw me in the pond, Milord, you ruined my one good suit. The coat I am wearing was my father’s.”

Lord Justin looked at Andrea with irritation. “Then I suppose I must offer you recompense. Come up to the Castle with your—report, or whatever it was, and I’ll read it after dinner. Perhaps I could subsidize your research. I know enough not to offer money to such a young hothead as you.”

“Do you really think I would accept anything from you, Milord?” the tone of voice was an insult. Andrea was so far into her role as poor young scholar that she was quite carried away by the emotions suitable to the performance.

Lord Justin’s expression hardened. “You young idiot! I’ve taken more impudence from you than from any man I’ve ever known! If you are not out of Kyle Village in ten minutes, I’ll have you dragged up to the Castle along with your friend William.”

Under his fiery eye, the girl scuttled thankfully out into the hall. What had possessed her to defy this tyrant? Would she never learn to control her childish behavior? She settled her bill with a subdued Applegate, strapped her portmanteau onto the back of Boyo’s saddle, gave directions for the delivery of her trunk by the stagecoach when next it passed through Kyle Village. She was informed how to pick it up at the staging office, and, after leaving vails for the servants who had waited upon her, she made her escape into the bright sunshine at the front of the Stag with an overwhelming feeling of relief. She had not encountered Milord, for which she was devoutly thankful. She cantered rapidly down the road, out of the village, and turned southward toward London as soon as she met the highroad. Only after a good half hour of steady riding did Andrea feel safe enough to let Boyo find an easier pace. She wanted very much to look back to see if Kyle Castle was in view, but pride or something else she didn’t define prevented her. He had as good as thrown her out of his territory and his life. Very well! She would put Lord Dominic Justin of Kyle, with his arrogance and his anger and his cruelty, out of her mind. Forever.

She spent the rest of the long day’s ride thinking of him.





Chapter Thirteen



Andrea did not discover a suitable inn until dusk. She was beginning to get a little nervous, for she had no desire to spend a night in the open, and the few hostelries she passed were little more than taverns. Then, set back from the road behind a neat apron of grass, she saw a small, white-painted building whose swinging sign proclaimed it to be The White Charger. It was neat and most attractive, and from its open door wafted out the mouth-watering fragrance of roasting beef and onions. Andrea foolishly assumed that her troubles were over, and dismounted with a weary sigh.

As she was hitching Boyo to the post beside the door, the innkeeper came bustling out.

“I should like a room for the night, a hot bath, and then a double portion of that delectable roast beef I smell,” began the girl, smiling. “Your stableboy can look after my horse, can he not?”

Mine Host’s eyes ran over her ill-fitting coat, paused with brief appreciation on the good lines of Boyo, and then finished with a lightning scrutiny of her gear—or the lack of it.

“You have lost your luggage, young sir?”

“It is following me to London on the stage,” said Andrea haughtily. “I travel light.”

“You do indeed,” agreed the innkeeper. “English, I suspect?”

“Oh, no,” Andrea began thoughtlessly. Her only excuse was that she was tired, exhausted even, by the mental and physical strains of the day’s ride.

Mine Host lapsed into broad lowland Scots. “Ye’ll no be tellin’ me ye’re a Scot, will ye?”

“Oh, no! I am—I am French,” the girl invented hastily. Never let it be imagined that another Pole was wandering around within a day’s ride of Kyle Castle! C’est vrai,” she continued with more aplomb. “Je suis français, monsieur.”

Her accent, could Mine Host have appreciated it, was pure and elegant Parisian, but the apprehensive look on her face was more than enough for one who considered himself the shrewdest innkeeper on the highroad.

“We are none too fond of foreign folk in these parts,” he said discouragingly.

Andrea flushed angrily and brought out her purse. The one thing Stacia had insisted upon, besides her restriction on entering taverns, was that Andrea carry enough money to handle any eventuality. Proudly she shook out a heaping handful of golden guineas and preferred them to her reluctant host.

“Take what you need for dinner and lodging,” she ordered crisply.

“And where might a fledgling like you have gotten such a braw heap of guineas?” queried the innkeeper with even greater suspicion. “Be off wi’ ye, ye young thief. I’ve no wish to find maself haled up before Magistrate for harborin’ a criminal!”

Andrea gasped. “How dare you—?” she began, then turned to remount Boyo. The innkeeper shouted something incoherent behind her, but it did not seem that he would take steps against the supposed thief.

At that moment, like something in a nightmare, three men came riding hell-for-leather down the highroad. The big man who led them almost overshot the inn, but pulled his black stallion around so hard that its forelegs beat at the air. And then Lord Justin was beside her, his hand in its great leather gauntlet grasping her wrist like an iron band. And Ben, grinning malevolently, dismounted and stood to Boyo’s head on her other side, while the third rider remained on his horse in the background.

“It seems we meet again,” said Milord, twisting her hand until her wrist was forced up against her back.

“What do you—what is this—” sputtered Andrea. “I left the village as you ordered! Why—?”

Lord Justin had taken in the avid face of the innkeeper. “It is a pity you did not leave my horse, then,” purred Milord. “And, I think, my purse also. Search him, Ben.”

Grinning, Ben approached. Andrea knew she could not endure his hands fumbling at her body. She released her reins and pulled her purse out of her coat pocket with the hand Milord was not holding. “This is my own purse. As you can see, it is not yours—”

“Is it not? Then I am much mistaken, you young thief.”

The innkeeper entered the conversation excitedly. “Did I not say so, myself? I knew the horse was too fine for such a oddly-dressed boy! Anyone with half an eye can see that the coat doesn’t fit him—is it yours, your honor?”

Lord Justin shuddered elaborately, “Not mine, I am glad to say. I am Justin Kyle, landlord.”

The innkeeper was bowing almost to his knees. “Just this moment, before your lordship rode up, this barefaced wretch sought to pay me for a night’s lodging with some of your lordship’s gold!”

“Did he, indeed? Then you were a smart man not to touch it, lest you be held for receiving stolen goods.”

White-faced, since the penalty for that could have been deportation or worse, the innkeeper backed away in a gabble of explanations and apologies. He was only too thankful to see the last of both thief and victims, and went into the inn, shutting the door behind him.

“Well?” asked Milord, smiling viciously into Andrea’s face. “How is this for medieval justice?” He nodded to Ben, who caught her booted foot in his hands and secured a length of cord around her ankle. Then he passed the longer end under the horse’s belly to the third man, now waiting to receive it, who tied it around Andrea’s other ankle. Another cord was tied to Boyo’s bridle, and then Ben mounted and fastened the other end of it to his saddle.

To Andrea’s shocked gaze Lord Justin returned an icy smile. “I’ve seen you ride. I take no chances.” He moved his horse over to jostle Boyo. “Ride out!”

Andrea found voice at last.

“What is the meaning of this farce? You know that is not your purse—and Boyo is mine! I demand—”

“You had better pipe down, you lying young devil! Be thankful I don’t string you up out of hand. I’m taking you back to the Castle, where I intend to get to the bottom of your little conspiracy. If I tell you that your saddle has been found, and tied to it some very interesting items, you may understand that your imposture is over.”

“My saddle?” faltered Andrea.

“Exactly so. It is unfortunate for you that you did not know about the strong undercurrent which washes the cliffs beneath Kyle Castle, and tosses things up on the beach in the next cove to the south.” He stared at her, waiting her reply, but Andrea was too stunned to comment.

Milord laughed. “That’s silenced you, has it? It only wanted your putting the blame on William—if that’s his real name—to damn you in my eyes. At least you’ve got that much loyalty to the man who’s tried to protect you!”

“Protect?” Andrea seemed unable to do more than repeat his words. He frowned at her.

“Yes. I’ve questioned him again. He claims it was he who wore the ghost costume the first time, and rode your horse, while you were dallying with Freda at the inn. Why he should seek to protect you I do not know, but I intend to find out. I shall also discover exactly who the both of you are, and what you had hoped to accomplish by your—activities in Kyle Village.”

Lord Justin gave the office, and the little cavalcade moved back along the highroad toward Kyle. Andrea rode with drooping head, conscious of Ben glowering beside her, and the tall, broad-shouldered figure of Milord going ahead. After the exertions and excitements of the day, it seemed there was no more iron left in her backbone. She tried to straighten her shoulders when the party stopped at a tavern for hot beef and bread. She ate thankfully. She refused ale, and sat quietly while the rest quaffed theirs. In a few minutes they resumed their journey, with Milord still in the lead.

About midnight, Lord Justin fell back and took his place beside the drooping figure.

“Do you wish to get down and relieve yourself, or stretch your legs?”

If there had been even a hint of concern in Milord’s voice, Andrea might have told him everything in that moment. But his tone was insultingly impersonal, as one tending to the needs of his cattle.

The girl’s head came up. “No, I thank you.” she said. There was no need to deepen her voice deliberately. It was so hoarse with strain and unhappiness that it came out a gruff little croak.

“Do not seek to win my pity by childish tricks,” Lord Justin advised her cuttingly. “I know you now for what you are—a bare-faced liar, hiding God knows what depravity under a cloak of pious innocence.”

Andrea made no reply. There seemed to be nothing to say. Perhaps when they reached the Castle, the charges against her would be made clear, and she could try to defend herself. Now she was too weary to speak, or think.





Chapter Fourteen



The little cavalcade arrived in Kyle Village just before dawn. They rode slowly through the sleeping street and on up the winding road through the forest to the castle. Andrea passed through the massive gates in the great wall half asleep, half fainting with weariness. Every bone ached; every muscle was stiff. Her flesh was bruised and sore.

They came to a halt before a flight of shallow steps leading up to great double doors of oak and iron. Ben untied the cord about Andrea’s ankles, then reached up and jerked her arm. Dazed and stiff, Andrea was unable to save herself. She fell to the cobblestones of the courtyard. Perhaps her extreme exhaustion saved her from broken bones, for she was too limp to tense herself against the fall. Milord spoke sharply.

“Get some food and rest, Ben. Report to me in four hours. You too, Matt.”

“Shouldn’t I toss this young blaggard in a cell first, your lordship?”

“I need him alive and in his senses for questioning,” Lord Justin answered with a grim smile. “You are a thought too eager to avenge yourself upon him.” He bent down and pulled Andrea to her feet by one arm. “Walk, Bartholomew!”

Andrea stumbled after the tall figure into the lighted castle. Never afterward could she remember anything she saw on that first entry—there was a dazzle of lamps and candles, marble floors covered with soft rugs at intervals, and a sweet smell of potpourri. She came to her full senses when Milord held a small glass of brandy to her lips and forced her to drink. The pungent smell and taste of the liquor was a sharp restorative. Andrea focused and discovered herself to be in a large, well-appointed room lined with bookshelves and containing a huge fireplace. A fire had been newly kindled. Lord Justin went across to his desk and seated himself behind it. He waved Andrea to a chair before the desk.

“You may be seated during this first questioning,” Milord said grimly. “Later, if your answers do not satisfy me, I have other methods which you will not find so comfortable.”

“Milord,” Andrea had to fight for her voice, “by your leave, may I be permitted to relieve myself and wash my face and hands?”

Lord Justin flashed her an irritated glance, then nodded and walked to the bellpull beside the fireplace. “There is a small water-closet under the stairway. I shall have you escorted there. You may have five minutes.”

When the impassive footman appeared, Lord Justin gave his orders. Andrea followed the man gratefully. The small cabinet to which he led her was up-to-date and neatly appointed, and it was scrupulously clean. There was a commode, a hand basin on a stand and fresh towels laid out. The footman closed the door after her and waited outside. Following him back to the study a few minutes later, Andrea felt awake once more and better prepared to face the challenge of the coming confrontation.

“And now, if there is no further delaying action you can think of—” begin his lordship. He did not ask her to be seated this time.

“I would only ask you of what I am accused, Milord,” answered the girl with desperate quiet. She had been in the saddle for twenty hours. She was by now frightened of Lord Justin and what he and his henchmen, especially Ben, might do to her. Beneath the great amber eyes dark brown smudges bore witness to her physical exhaustion. Still she contrived to keep her voice low and steady, and her golden head high.

Lord Justin regarded the white-faced boy before him with a scowl. Every fact he had been able to uncover seemed to prove the youth a liar and a malicious meddler at the least. Yet every instinct Milord possessed warred against this judgment. The huge eyes met his directly; the narrow shoulders were held gallantly straight at a cost that showed in the pale, strained face.

Milord rose and pulled away a cloth which covered a heap of objects on the floor. Andrea’s eyes flashed to the pile. There was a saddle, once fine, now salt-stained and ruined. Tied to the stirrup was a sodden mass of dark grayish material which might once have been a dress. Beyond these unpleasant objects was Andrea’s small trunk, gaping open. On top of the man’s clothing rested her botany note book, and the torn-out sheet with her drawing of Kyle Castle which Milord had removed. The trumpery fobs were there, too, and, like a swan among geese, the topaz pendant . . . and the jeweled dagger of Count Wasylyk!

“Well?” asked Milord, softly. “Let us take first the saddle. It is yours, is it not?”

“Yes.”

“Next, this dress. Do you tell me it belongs to William? He has claimed that it was he who rode your horse and wore the dress and disposed of them before he returned to the inn where you were disporting yourself with Freda. What have you to say to that, halfling?”

The girl did not know how to answer. Why should William lie, taking the blame? If she could only ask him before she tried to answer Milord! But it was unlikely Lord Justin would provide them an opportunity to make their stories agree. She straightened her shoulders. No more lies! She owed it to herself to say nothing or to speak the truth.

“I bought the dress and wore it on the first ride.”

Lord Justin nodded. “I am glad for your sake that you have decided to tell the truth. Alan held the garment up to William; it would be impossible for him to get himself into it. Now, this botany notebook?”

“It is my own. I have kept it for several years, since I was a child in school.”

“I accept that also. The larger part of it has not been written recently. Why the sketch of my home?”

“I was interested in the Castle. It is beautiful and a little frightening.” Catching sight of his frown, she added, “I wondered a little if I might find a way to enter it.”

“I suppose you will now tell me why you should wish to enter the Castle?”

“You may believe me or not,” cried Andrea, desperately, “but I really hadn’t any special plan to enter. I thought the single ride of the ghost would accomplish my purpose.”

“Am I to hear now, at last, what your purpose was?” sneered Milord.

Andrea hung her head.

Lord Justin waited a moment, and when she did not reply, he picked up the topaz pendant and dangled it before Andrea’s face. “This very interesting and valuable piece of jewelry—? Did you steal it, or was it a bribe?”

Andrea’s head lifted proudly. “No, Milord. It was my mother’s.”

“Did she have eyes like yours?” Milord asked, almost idly.

“So I am told,” gulped Andrea. “She died at my birth.”

“What was your reason for engaging in this unpleasant charade?”

The girl could not think what to answer. She dared not claim to be Pola’s sister, for his next act would probably be to strip her to make sure of her claim. She did not think she could bear to have her man’s clothing removed by those big hands. She knew now that she had acted with criminal folly in entering upon this masquerade. Yet having done so, if she could only get herself out of Kyle without revealing her true name and sex, she might save something of self-respect. Andrea had a sick fear of the treatment a vagabond girl, already suspect of nameless crimes, might receive at the hands of Lord Justin and Ben.

When it was evident that she was reluctant to answer, Justin continued in a reasonable voice, “If you will tell me freely now what you were really doing in Kyle Village, why you pretended to be a ghost, and what you know of—my wife, I might be persuaded to change my intention of beating the truth out of you. As I have tried to do with William,” he added grimly. “This is your last chance, boy. Believe me, for I play no more games, nor will I permit you to do so.”

Andrea put a hand to her forehead. If she were not so tired! If she could have time to think!

Lord Justin seemed to read her expression.

“Now,” he said implacably.

Andrea kept silent. What could she say? She swayed a little, but he did not ask her to sit down.

“You will not confess voluntarily? Then I must ask you further questions. Do not lie to me. That will bring its own extra punishment. First then, what is your name?”

It was hopeless! If she only knew what was best to be done! She did not believe this arrogant man had killed Pola, but how could she be sure? He had beaten William cruelly. She knew she was too naive to be a judge of men, yet his behavior in accusing her of the theft of Boyo and his purse, his abduction of her, these were surely not the actions of an innocent man of good will?

“I cannot tell you my name, Milord,” she said wearily.

“It is not, in fact, Tad Bartholomew?”

“No.”

Lord Justin slapped his fist on the desk. “You will address me in proper form, boy!”

It seemed a small point to arouse such anger. She would never understand men! “No, Lord Justin.”

“Why did you come to Kyle?”

“I came seeking information, Milord.”

“What information?”

“I wished to find out exactly how your—how Lady Justin died.”

Lord Justin’s eyes narrowed into icy slits. “Who employed you as a spy?”

Andrea drew a ragged breath. “I cannot tell you, Milord.” She could not bear to meet the merciless gaze of those accusing eyes. There was a pause.

Then Lord Justin snapped, “You young fool, whom are you protecting? Don’t you realize what a desperate coil you’ve gotten yourself into?”

“Yes, Milord, I do.” Andrea tried to smile. It was a failure, more a grimace of pain. “I—I cannot tell you, sir. Oh, let me rest!”

“You’ll rest when you’ve satisfied me on all counts,” said Milord grimly. “This is your last chance to avoid painful interrogation, boy. Will you tell me what I wish to know?”

“I cannot,” whispered Andrea.

Milord shrugged and walked over to the bellpull. In a moment the footman appeared. “Send Ben and Alan to me at once.”

“Yes, Milord.”

The Master of Kyle stood looking into the fire until the door opened and the two men walked into the room. Ben stood behind Andrea’s drooping figure.

“Take him down to the dungeon and leave him in a cell near William. Do not let them talk. I shall be down to conduct the questioning when I have eaten.” His eyes rested on Ben’s avid face. “Do nothing to either of them until I come.”

“Yes, Milord.” Ben caught Andrea’s arm and pulled her from the room. After a searching look at his master, Alan followed.





Andrea was too tired to feel fear as she was half-led, half-jostled down the wide stone stairs. First there had been the massive wood door at one side of the enormous central hall of the castle. When Alan swung it open, a waft of sour, earthy air swept into the girl’s face, reminding her more of the grave than of a prison. Huge flambeaux burned in iron cages against the walls. The wide stairway seemed to go down forever. At length, however, it straightened out into a room which had once been a guardroom, from the looks of the ancient furniture. Beyond this, through an archway, was the prison itself. A wide central corridor was flanked on one side by small cells, while on the other side rings of iron were driven into the stone wall at various heights. Some had chains depending from them. This was all that Andrea’s horrified glance could make out before she was thrust forcefully into one of the dark, open cells. Of course she fell to her knees, but she got her hands out in time to break the fall against a thick layer of straw. The door clanged shut behind her, leaving her almost in the dark, since the flambeau opposite her cell had not been lighted.

Somehow nothing much seemed to matter. There was a thick curtain between her senses and the outer world. Andrea’s crying need was to rest. She sought a comfortable position on the straw, and, pillowing her head on her bent arm, was asleep in a minute.

She was rudely awakened by a heavy boot nudging ungently at her side. She cried out and pulled herself to her knees. In the light of half a dozen torches, Milord was watching her through the open cell door. Alan, looking stern, stood at his shoulder and Ben was pulling her up to her feet with a rough hand under her armpit.

“Bring him out,” commanded Milord.

Andrea was thrust into the lighted corridor and brought to stand blinking in front of Lord Justin. The latter held a heavy riding glove in one hand. Andrea thought he was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen, with his big strong body and handsome face, and the gray eyes gleaming in the tanned face. She ventured a smile.

Lord Justin did not return it. “Who is your employer?”

Andrea said stupidly—for she was still dazed with the need to sleep, “M-m-my employer?”

Lord Justin struck her lightly on the face with his glove. The blow stung a little, but the shock of receiving any blow forced Andrea’s eyes wide open.

“Who is your employer?” the question came relentlessly.

“I have no employer. It was my own idea to come,” she managed to answer.

“Then who are you? What is your name?”

“I cannot tell you, Milord.”

Again the glove struck, this time harder. Andrea put a hand up protectively against her cheek.

“Are you and William working together?”

“I had never met Mr. William until Applegate introduced us at The Stag,” Andrea said.

“Why then should he seek to protect you?”

“I cannot tell, Milord. I do not know, truly!”she hurried to say, as Lord Justin’s hand was raised again to strike her. “Should you not ask him for his reasons? I am not being impudent, merely logical,” she explained hastily, as she saw his face darken.

He hesitated, considering. After a moment he asked, “Are you a spy for Sir Ormond Talon?”

“No, sir I do not know Sir Ormond.”

“Yet when I encountered you once in my wood, you said you were going to Talon House and had missed your way. Was that a lie?”

“No, Milord. I was going there, in the hope of picking up some information . . .”

Her eyes dropped under the contempt in his. He held out his hand slowly and Alan placed something in it. It was Count Wasylyk’s dagger!

“Is this also something which belongs to your mother? Like the pendant? Or are you a thief as well as a liar?”

Andrea said nothing, but her huge eyes burned in her pale face.

“Can it be that these two very valuable objects were your pay for spying? Were you in the employ of Count Wasylyk, he who was my wife’s father?”

Too late Andrea realized that she should have told this terrible man the truth when first he asked her. How much better to have owned her scheme openly than to have it dragged from her in this degrading manner! Yet—toujours l’audace! She reminded herself wryly, feeling how far she fell short of the Wasylyk courage. The girl straightened her shoulders, and faced the icy eyes steadily. “I wasn’t employed by the count,” said Andrea. A wave of faintness swept over her. Papa was dead, and by whose hand? Dared she challenge him? Dared she say, “Did you order him killed in the same ruthless manner that you abducted me?” She held her tongue. Too much was at stake. If she could satisfy him she was a foolish boy on some nonsensical mystery hunt . . .

Milord was speaking again. “Did you know my wife?”

Silence.

Milord struck Andrea again, unexpectedly and so hard that her head snapped back and she staggered. Ben was behind her. He steadied her and then thrust her back toward Milord.

“Why were you pretending to be her ghost?”

Andrea kept silent.

Lord Justin struck her again, this time so hard that she gasped and fell sideways. Through the haze of pain and misery, she heard Alan mutter something which Milord gave a harsh, brief answer. He signaled, and Ben hauled Andrea to her feet again.

“Now I shall tell you what I believe. I think you are some impecunious little poor relation of the Wasylyks, that you hatched a hare-brained scheme of vengeance, interfering in matters of which you could have no knowledge.” His eyes were bright with fury; he seemed to be whipping himself up to a rage against the slender figure before him. “Is this the truth of your vicious little escapade?”

Andrea, appalled at how close he had come to the truth, could only stare, bemused, into that handsome contemptuous face. When he realized she did not mean to reply, he shrugged and his eyes hooded. “Put him back in the cell,” Milord told Ben. “Leave a torch here and give him a jug of water. No food.” After Ben had grasped her roughly by the arm and thrust her into the cell, Lord Justin addressed her again. “I had written to Oxford to ask about a student named Bartholomew, but since you admit this is a fictitious name, my enquiry has been useless. I intend to keep you here, on bread and water, until either you or William tells me what I wish to know. On the other hand, I may have you stripped and beaten until you talk. I’ll think about it until tomorrow. Perhaps you had better think about it, too.”





It was the longest twenty-four hours Andrea had ever spent. When the flambeau in the corridor burned out, another was put in its place, so there was always light. This was at first a comfort to the girl, and when she found a large pile of clean straw on which she could lie down in comfort, and discovered the dark hole in one corner of the cell which served as a privy, she was able to fall asleep, telling herself that she had only a few hours to hold to her courage, until Lord Justin would set her free.

But later, waking with a shiver of revulsion as something ran over her foot, she knew she would have to come to terms with Lord Justin and tell him the truth. She could not be expected to share a cell with rats or whatever it was that wakened her. Nor could she be comfortable in a cell whose whole extent could be seen by any guard who happened to be in the corridor.

A dull bud of anger in her breast burst into warmth. Fine daughter of The Wasylyk she was, to talk of courage and prate of her daring boldness! Her behavior had disgraced her line! Pola would never have trembled and temporized! Her sister’s contempt for her had been justified. Then her anger turned against her oppressor. What kind of a wretch was the master of Kyle, that he could throw people into his dungeons without—what was the English phrase?—due process of law? Was it for this that the barons had forced King John to sign the Magna Carta? As the hungry hours went on, her anger burned more fiercely and she finally picked up the empty water jug and hit it repeated against the bars.

There was a curse from the guardroom and then heavy steps pounding toward her cell. Ben thrust his sleep-drugged face against the bars and growled. “What the hell do you want? Whatever it is, you ain’t to have it!”

“Tell your tyrant of a master that I wish to talk to him,” Andrea said sharply.

“Are you a knock-in-the-cradle?” snarled Ben. “It’s past midnight! You can wait to tell him whatever it is in the morning. And if you wake me again, you little scut, I’ll come in there and thrash you.”

“There are rats,” said Andrea stiffly.

“They only go for the soft spots like your ears and eyeballs,” mocked Ben, and went back to his cot in a better humor.

Andrea spent a very unquiet night.





Chapter Fifteen



It was impossible for Andrea to tell the time of day from her cell, since it had no window and opened onto a stone corridor. The only light was the uncertain one from the flambeau in its metal cage. She rose finally and tried to tidy her apparel, combed her hair with her fingers, and uptilted the water jug for the last few drops to slake her thirst. Then she stationed herself near the cell door, where she could get early warning of Lord Justin’s approach.

It seemed a very long time to the hungry, thirsty girl before there was any sound save an occasional snore from the guardroom. She had leisure to wonder if Milord intended to leave her to molder away in this hideous place, and her thoughts went again to how differently Pola would have handled the situation. Finally she heard several sets of footsteps upon the great stone stairs, and a confused mumble of voices from the guardroom. Then there was a sudden brightness as several more torches were added to the dying flambeaux in the corridor. Andrea came to stand directly in front of the cell door, and in a minute Lord Justin’s big figure was facing her through the bars.

He looked so clean and comfortable that her temper flared. How dared he make her so wretched while he enjoyed a soft bed and good hot food? She glared at him through the bars.

Lord Justin stared back at her coolly. “Ben tells me you had a change of mind during the night,” he began. “Have you decided to tell me what I want to know?”

“I did intend to then,” snapped Andrea. “I’m not sure I want to oblige you now.”

It was the wrong thing to say. Milord’s lips tightened. He gestured to Ben. “Get him out of there and strip him. Then you can shackle him to the wall.”

“What are you going to do?” faltered the girl.

“What I should have done at first. I shall whip you, to get you in the proper frame of mind, and then I shall ask you the questions once more,” answered Milord grimly. “I have been patient with your childish obstinacy and insolence long enough.”

Grinning, Ben had the door open and pursued Andrea into one corner of the cell, where she had hastily retreated. He took her arm in a grip of iron and hauled her out into the corridor. Then he put one great ham-like paw on her overcoat at the back, and stripping it down off her shoulders, threw it on the floor. Next he hooked his fingers into the rather grimy white linen shirt she wore.

The girl cried out. “Milord! I will answer you! Don’t let him—”

“Too late,” said his lordship grimly. “You had your chance—by God, you had a dozen chances! I have told you I’m done with listening to your temporizing and lies!”

As he was speaking, Ben got a firm grip and yanked downward on the shirt. The girl’s hands flew up to cover her breasts—still concealed under the heavy binding she put over them when she dressed herself.

“I am Pola’s sister! I am Andrea Wasylyk!” she cried.

Ben pulled back as though his hand had been burned. Lord Justin was rigid, leaning forward a little and glaring at the sight, tense figure that confronted him in the flaring light. He stepped over and seized her face in one hand, not gently, and stared hard at her, his eyes like cold metal in his dark, furious face.

“You damned little fool! If this is true, you deserve to be whipped! What kind of wanton hoydens are you Wasylyk women?” His gesture releasing her face was almost like a blow. The girl staggered back toward the cell.

“Milord, I will tell you what you want to know if I may just be taken upstairs away from this horrible place and permitted to wash myself . . . and perhaps have a cup of water . . .?” Andrea whispered.

Lord Justin gestured grimly for her to precede him. Humbly she slipped past his big figure and almost ran through the guardroom and up the stairs. About halfway up she missed her footing, and might have fallen had not a hard arm scooped her up and tossed her over a broad shoulder.

“Maladroit in action as in speech,” Milord said with a sneer.

Andrea wanted to retort that it was hunger and fear and weariness that made her awkward, but she decided that Milord would probably retort—and correctly—that she had brought it all on herself by her poor judgment, so she remained silent under the taunt. Besides, since her head was dangling down Milord’s back, that she had better hold her tongue until she was in a less vulnerable position.

At the top of the stone stairs Milord hesitated, and as though to assure himself of the truth of her claim, his big hand came up to run over her slender hips. He muttered an ugly word. He did not stop in the central hall, but proceeded up the grand stairway to the next floor, where rich carpets deadened the footfalls, and statuary alternated with vases of flowers in arched niches.

In a few minutes Lord Justin entered a door, and dropped Andrea onto a huge bed. She scrambled to a sitting position and looked around her with interest which could not be denied by her uneasiness.

Standing by the open door, dressed in the impeccable livery of Milord’s factor stood Alan. He was frowning at his master.

“This hoyden says she is Andrea Wasylyk, sister of the Lady Pola,” Lord Justin announced bitterly. “You will send up coffee and sandwiches and a decanter of brandy.”

“Oh, thank you, Milord but the coffee will be quite enough for me,” began Andrea.

“The brandy is for me,” said Lord Justin coldly. “I see I shall have need of it to get me through our approaching dialogue.” His manner was so hostile that Andrea began to fear she had not at all solved the problem by making her confession, merely changed it.

“You will also send up hot water for a bath, and bring a robe and underclothing from—my wife’s room.” Lord Justin was staring with disfavor at Andrea’s masculine clothing. “Your sister’s things will probably hang on you, madam, but I cannot permit you to flaunt yourself before my servants in that shameless costume!”

Andrea got off the bed and stood facing him. The worst of it was that she knew he had a point. “I am aware, Milord,” she began stiffly, “that my conduct may leave something to be desired—” then, meeting his fulminating glare, she amended that to, “is unforgivable but there are circumstances which mitigate . . . that is, I shall explain . . .”

“I trust I may expect to hear about these mitigating circumstances sooner or later,” said Milord with blighting sarcasm. “Had you had the decency to come here to me when first you arrived in Kyle Village—” he broke off, regarding the slender figure with smoldering anger. “Good God, Andrea, I don’t know whether you are totally lacking in intelligence or totally devoid of proper delicacy! No well-born, gently-reared girl would go racketting about the countryside in breeches, putting up at low taverns in the company of thieves and hedgebirds—! No woman of proper feeling—”

“Enough, Milord!” said the girl wearily. “I am in sufficient trouble without you compounding it with these mealy-mouthed animadversions! Will you withhold your prudish strictures for just five minutes? I will tell you what I did and why I did it.”

“Mealy-mouthed—! My God, I’d like to throttle you!” said, Milord from between clenched teeth.

Andrea said calmly, “You speak so cruelly because you do not understand. I was brought from my school in Switzerland to London to be an attendant at my sister’s wedding. I knew that they had never accepted me fully, my father and Pola, because I am the granddaughter of a plebeian who happened to make a great deal of money and so was considered—” she met Milord’s searching gaze and recollected that such family matters could have no bearing on his questions. “Forgive me! All this is not germane to our discussion, and I shall pass on without further personal comment.”

“Thank God for small mercies!” commented Milord, still from behind clenched teeth.

“I did not know why my sister chose to be married in London, rather than in our much handsomer palace in Warsaw; nor why I should be kept close during the two weeks before the wedding—”

“That is strange,” agreed his lordship, “unless, of course, your sister feared competition—”

“Don’t be idiotish,” said Andrea rudely, because she thought his words a taunt. “What man, having seen Pola, would have a single glance or thought to spare for such a gangling, plain-faced beanpole as I?”

“She certainly concealed you from public view,” said Milord, and his voice was appreciably less harsh. “I recall wondering what was beneath that long green veil—”

“I am sure the question did not disturb you for any length of time,” Andrea retorted coldly. “There can have been no shorter wedding ceremony on record. You hardly waited to drink the toast to the bride, and certainly did not bother to address so much as a single word to your wife’s sister.”

“That rankled, did it?” observed Milord.

Andrea ignored this comment. “We wrote to my sister several times after you left London but received no reply. Knowing Pola, we hardly expected a voluminous correspondence, and my father refused to express concern. And then he was brought home to us—dying.” The wide topaz eyes brooded. Milord found himself watching the expressive little face with interest. She looked a proper urchin now, but with dressing, and rest, and care, and love . . . He shut off that line of thought abruptly.

“Yes?” he prodded.

“Your letter informing us of Pola’s death was not given to me until the next day. It was—it was . . .”

“I understand,” said Milord, more gently than he had ever spoken to her.

The slim shoulders straightened. “My cousin, Stacia Wasylyk, whom you met at the wedding, was a great comfort to me. We were of the opinion that there was something dubious about the manner of my father’s death. He had been struck down and trampled by his own horses in the street outside his club. The horses backed and reared just as he was mounting his curricle. The man who had been holding the horses disappeared and has not been found.”

“Not surprising, if his ineptitude caused such a tragedy—” began Lord Justin. Then he paused and gave Andrea a challenging stare. “You suspected a deliberate attack?”

“Yes, I am afraid we did. You see, there was the business of keeping me veiled and guarded within doors until after the wedding. Oh, I thought I knew the reason—that Pola was afraid some of her new friends would take the mine-owner’s granddaughter in disgust—but there was something not natural about the behavior of my father and sister during those two weeks. As I recall it now, it seems evident to me that they feared something—or someone.”

“Nonsense,” protested Milord. “A schoolgirl’s fancies!”

“On the contrary, Cousin Stacia told me she had felt the same, and had even charged my father with it. He admitted to her that there had been a delicate situation in Warsaw—a suitor of Pola’s who became a nuisance, he said—and they had come to London to be rid of his importunities.”

“You believed a rejected suitor might have decided to kill your father and sister?” Lord Justin asked incredulously.

“We Poles are not as phlegmatic as you British,” said Andrea with disdain. “It was to me a reinforcement of suspicion when the news came that very day that my sister had been mur—that Pola had died.”

“So on no evidence whatever, you chose me as the villain of your Cheltenham tragedy?” sneered Milord.

“My father and sister were dead,” said Andrea with forlorn dignity. “To me it was more than a—a Cheltenham tragedy.”

Lord Justin bowed his head. “You are right, of course, and my remark was unforgivable. Pray continue.”

“I felt that, as the last surviving member of the Wasylyk family, I had an obligation to seek out the manner of their death. Bow Street was cautiously interested, and promised to prosecute the search for the mysterious stranger, but since no one had marked his appearance, it was a hopeless venture. I, on the other hand, believed that I might learn something if I came to the place where my sister had died, and made discreet enquiries.”

“Discreet!” Lord Justin raised his eyes to heaven. “In male clothing, and staying unchaperoned at an inn? I wonder at your cousin Stacia!”

“She thought it might serve very well,” protested Andrea. “And so it would have, if your precious village had been a normal one, and not a feudal fiefdom! And if you yourself had been a man of reason, or even of common courtesy!” flared Andrea.

“God give me strength!” Lord Justin’s determination to deal gently with the girl was being gravely tested. “I shall try not to interrupt your narrative again, madam! Please go on.”

“Well, where was I? Oh, yes! With your intolerably close-mouthed, servile vassals and mercenaries.” She glared at him to see how this hit had scored, but he spiked her guns by smiling politely, although his face was a shade redder than usual.

Andrea went on, “I was unable to get even a hint of how my sister had come to her death. Since I got nowhere by asking questions, I strolled or rode about the countryside looking for clues—”

“Obviously a footless pastime,” Milord could not resist interjecting. Andrea ignored this poor-spirited comment. “I had decided to go to Talon House to make enquiries of Sir Ormond, when Mr. William informed me of the presence at the Kyle Arms of the Castanes, who waited upon your lordship to inform him that my father was dead and I myself was missing from the school in Switzerland to which I had supposedly returned.”

“I knew that your father had been killed—I had it from Alan. But you seem to have picked up the bit of gossip about the Castanes’ business rather quickly, for one who claims to have had no success in her own enquiries.”

“I had that from Mr. William, who is apparently better at getting information than I.” She hesitated. “I do hope you have released the poor man. He has really nothing to do with all this. I met him for the first time at The Stag.”

“Then I wonder,” mused his lordship with a sharp glance at Andrea, “why he has been so assiduous in protecting your secret. For of course he knew you were a woman?”

“Ye gods, no! He threatened to whip me!”

“There seems to have been more than one of us threatening you, child,” said Lord Justin with a smile. “What was your response to Mr. William?”

“I said I would bite him to the bone if he tried it!” answered Andrea.

Lord Justin raised his eyebrows. “Then I wonder why he told lies to protect you.”

“Protect me? He nearly got me a beating from Ben, saying that I had spent the night with his precious Freda! I cannot think why William would have told you such a falsehood.”

“I find myself puzzled by William’s behavior also,” admitted Milord, “since his protestations, had I accepted them, would have removed you from suspicion and probably caused me to release you and hold him, if the saddle had not been found. Of course, when that and the ghost’s garment which did not fit William had been brought to me, you were placed right in the middle of things again.”

“Can you tell me how my sister died, Lord Justin?”

There it was; the question which had come so far to find an answer for. Lord Justin looked at her sternly.

“Not to wrap it up in clean linen, your sister rode her horse over the cliff one stormy night when she was running away from me to an assignation with another man. She left a note.”

His carefully level voice was devoid of emphasis or emotion, yet Andrea sensed how bitterly the statement hurt his pride, both as a man and as the master of Kyle. She did not offer sympathy nor challenge his statement. Pola had indeed proved herself the kind of woman who is labeled hot-at-hand, and if she had stirred up enough trouble in Warsaw to make it necessary for her to go to London, there was little use in protesting Lord Justin’s charge.

“Then her death was an accident,” she began slowly.

“As I told you, in that letter you apparently did not heed.”

“It is strange and dreadful,” Andrea continued as though he had not spoken, “for her mother, Countess Nadia, died in exactly the same way, that is, by riding her horse over a cliff.”

“That is strange and terrible,” agreed Milord soberly.

“Yet she was a superb rider,” Andrea said, “Papa insisted that both of us become masters.”

“I have witnessed her skill and yours. She rode fearlessly, but you are the better rider.”

Andrea sighed. “So it was an accident! And my father’s death, too. Somehow I cannot quite believe it yet.”

“Preferring to cast me in the role of murderer?” Milord asked grimly. “I can prove I was nowhere near London from the day of my wedding to the day of your father’s death. Nor since.”

“There are always agents who can be hired,” Andrea suggested, considering the matter academically. She was deeply enjoying the conversation she was having with this man, for she had had few opportunities in her restricted life to converse with fascinating noblemen. Milord, however, appeared to resent her comment. He said icily, “Are you charging me with murder?”

“No,” Andrea hesitated, “But I still believe that the deaths were not accidental.”

“Have you shared any of this with William?”

“No. I thought it prudent to keep my own counsel—until you threatened to strip and beat me in your dungeon.”

“You have acted like a fool,” Milord said crisply, with a return of his former hostile manner. “Whatever has happened to you has been your own fault. You must try for more decorum when you return to your cousin’s chaperonage in London.”

Andrea, suddenly forlorn at the loss of the rapport which had been developing between them, felt that he had spoken with quite unnecessary harshness.

“When you have bathed and eaten,” Milord was continuing in that cold voice, “you must go to bed. Tomorrow I shall have you driven to London in one of my coaches. I shall arrange for a sensible woman from the village to act as your companion until you are back in your own home.” He raised a hand to arrest her objections. “No, do not argue with me. Allow me to know what is best in this situation. You have demonstrated that you have no idea how to go on in society. Let us hope that no hint of this escapade reaches the quizzes in London, lest your reputation be irreparably harmed.” He sighed. “The devil is in it, there are no female servants in this house. I shall send for Applegate’s wife to give you countenance tonight—”

But Andrea had reached her limit. Glaring at him in a fury, she snapped, “Spare me your pruderies, Milord! My honor has not been compromised by anything I have done to this moment, and I am sure your own reputation must be so secure that you can afford to house your dead wife’s sister for one night without the tongues of fashionable fribbles wagging—should such persons ever hear of this—a most unlikely event! You may count upon it that I shall never boast of the event! I shall be forced to accept your hospitality tonight, I am afraid, but after tomorrow morning I shall pray that I may never need to look upon your face again!”

The force of this peroration was somewhat diminished by the fact that Andrea had no notion of what bedroom she was to occupy, and thus could not stalk out of Milord’s room in high dudgeon. However Alan appeared as if upon cue and led her to a charming room in another part of the castle, where a cheerful fire burned briskly, and a steaming tub sat in front of it. Best of all, a table set with piles of delicious sandwiches, cakes and jellies flanked the fire on the other side, attracting Andrea’s avid gaze. As soon as Alan bowed himself out, with a twinkling smile, Andrea fell upon this feast. When she had partially satisfied her hunger, she stripped herself thankfully of her man’s clothing and sank into the blissful depths of the bath.

After a good soak, she began to feel human again, and to regret a little her angry response to Milord’s final tirade. It occurred to Andrea that she had never felt so many different emotions about any other person—anger, fear, hatred, even some remorse, as her earlier suspicions had proven unfounded. If there was another, deeper, response, she would not acknowledge it, but got briskly out of the cooling water and rubbed herself dry with the lavender-scented towels. She snuffed the candles and got into the comfortable bed with a sigh of pure pleasure, watching the firelight reflecting on the lovely old furniture and the gleaming silver candelabra. Just as she was drifting off to sleep, she had a thought which should have relieved her anxieties very much. Surely she could not expect to form a close relationship with the husband of her dead sister? This thought left her strangely dissatisfied, for one whose professed wish it was never to set eyes upon his face again. She fell asleep at last, and was troubled by dreams she forgot when she awoke.





Chapter Sixteen



She was aroused next morning by a gentle tap and the entrance into her bedroom of a neatly-attired, pleasant-looking woman she had not seen before

“I am Miss Burkett, sister of the village schoolmaster,” said the lady. “I am to have the pleasure of traveling with you to London to rejoin your cousin, Mistress Wasylyk.”

Andrea sat up hastily. “This is very kind in you, Miss Burkett! I shall dress at once. When do you wish to set out?”

“Lord Justin advises that we break our fast before we leave, and since it is such a lengthy journey, we must start without too much delay. Lord Justin has sent a courier ahead of us to bespeak rooms at the inns where we shall be resting each night, and we are to have two postilions to ride beside our carriage!” the good dame explained with pride.

“Lord Justin is too kind,” said Andrea colorlessly. It seemed he was so anxious to get rid of her that he was marshalling all his resources to bustle her away as expeditiously as could be.

“Yes, he is, is he not?” agreed the affable Miss Burkett. “Every care! Every consideration for our comfort! Such distinguishing notice! But of course you are in some sort related to his lordship, are you not? The sister of his young wife! Such a great tragedy!” The thought of it overwhelmed Miss Burkett, and she relapsed into silence with a sigh.

Andrea got up hastily and dressed herself. Pola’s underclothing was exquisite. Her modish traveling costume was a little short and too wide for her, but by cinching it in at the waist, she was able to make a fairly tolerable appearance. The colors also were not just what she would have chosen, but she told herself sternly that no one who cared about her was going to see her in them. In the event, this proved truer than she had anticipated, since the two ladies breakfasted alone in the bright oriel which had been most tastefully transformed into a breakfast room with a charming view of the moat, now turned into a rose garden. In spite of her unaccountable chagrin at the absence of the master of Kyle, Andrea managed to make a good meal and so did Miss Burkett.

Considerably heartened, the ladies were escorted out to a magnificent carriage by Alan, very quiet and zealous for their comfort. As they bowled down the road away from the castle, Andrea looked back in spite of her firm resolve not to. In the bright morning light, the old gray walls were softened to pale gold, and the gardens and plantings of trees softened the harsh outlines of the ancient pile to a romantic prettiness.

Andrea sighed and wished she had thought to leave a note of thanks to Milord for his—belated!—hospitality. Still, it was no one’s fault but her own that he had not known her real name and person, so she resolved to write the note at the first inn they stopped at. Feeling a little better, she made a praise-worthy attempt to engage her companion in conversation. The older lady advised her that she always had a short nap after every meal, and, commenting favorably upon the well-sprung comfort of Milord’s carriage, she fell into a light doze, and began to snore.

Andrea shrugged and stared out of the window.

The first day’s journey went very well. When they arrived at the inn at which it had been arranged they should spend the first night, this was found to be a hostelry of the first consequence.

“There will be no need to mistrust the sheets here,” Miss Burkett announced with satisfaction. “And the dinner, too, I have no doubt, will be excellent.”

This was proved to be true. The ladies ate with quiet pleasure, a fondness for good food being about the only taste they shared.

“It is indeed reassuring,” said Miss Burkett at length, “to see a young lady of quality who is not afraid to enjoy her dinner. It seems to be an object with many of the female notables who come to Kyle Arms to trifle with each dish as though it were repulsive. The cook there has confessed to me, almost in tears, that to see each plate returned with the food uneaten fairly breaks her heart.”

The cook at the George and Garter was put to no such pain. After this meal, even Andrea was willing to go up to her bed-chamber and get between the unexceptionable sheets for a good night’s rest.

The next day’s journey was uneventful. Miss Burkett proved to be a boring traveling companion, since the rocking motion imparted by Milord’s well-sprung coach invariably lulled her to sleep within a quarter of an hour after entering it. Again Andrea watched the pleasant country slip past, and wished with all her unregenerate heart that Milord was her coachmate instead of the somnolent Miss Burkett. Lost in such fantasies, the hours passed fairly quickly.





The day after Andrea and her dame de compagnie left Kyle, its master was annoyed to discover himself irritable and badly out of sorts. Although his public image was one of cold arrogance, his servants always found him just and kind, unless he was angered by their failure to obey without question. His intimates found him courteous, and, upon occasion, very good company indeed. High sticklers like Mrs. Drummond-Burrell had no fault to find with the face Lord Justin presented to society, deeming his cool insolence and meticulous observance of correct form very much to their taste.

Such admirers would have looked askance at Milord’s behavior this day. He snapped at his valet, damned his groom, and used his whip on his horse. That high-spirited and intelligent beast, startled by this ill-usage, did his best to unseat Milord, thus exacerbating his temper even further. When Lord Justin strode in to partake of breakfast after his ride, the word was all over the Castle that his Nibs was in a rare taking.

Alan, who had known Milord since he was in short coats, was not prepared to put up with any nonsense from one whom he had often rescued from childish pranks. He joined Lord Justin at the table with such a quelling look that Milord finally broke into a reluctant grin.

“You’ve a Friday face on you, Alan,” he commented.

“That’s neither here nor there,” said Alan. “I know what ails your lordship, if no one else does.”

“Oh, you do, do you?” Milord had stopped smiling, and stared at his oldest friend with his mouth “set stubborn,” as Alan had used to say. “Well, granted you may know, there’s nothing much I or anyone else can do about it now. I married the girl’s sister, the more fool I, and a fine bargain that turned out to be.”

“They’re as different as chalk and cheese,” said Alan. “It is all pride and consequence,” Alan uttered another of the apparent non-sequiturs which had driven Dominic Justin to laughter or teeth-grinding in his youth. “You’d best be after her at once,” the factor concluded, sternly.

“You old idiot, how can I?” protested Milord, feeling like a lusty youth for the first time in years. “I’ve told you—”

“You’ve a horse,” replied Alan, as though the practical details were all Milord was worried about, “that is, if you haven’t lamed him with your bad-temper, and you know her itinerary, for you planned it yourself. ‘Twas that gave me the inkling.”

“I know I shouldn’t ask this, but—what inkling about what?”

“Your care in providing for the lassie on her journey to London: providing a chaperone, the best inns, two postilions, your finest carriage. Och, it was no inkling but an avalanche!”

Milord appeared much struck by these facts. “Yes, I do seem to have been excessively protective, do I not? Especially for such a harum-scarum, rattling little hoyden! Traipsing about the countryside in boots and breeches!”

“She’s got courage, the lassie. And ye never did favor a mincing, niminy-piminy miss.”

Milord gave a reluctant grin. “I do seem to prefer wildcats to tabbies, do I not? Bowled out by two Wasylyk women in a row! And there’s the rub, Alan. A man does not marry his wife’s sister! No, let be! It is for the best.”

“The little lass is honest and loyal, not like that devious sister of hers. She was a—,” and Alan used a very rude word.

Milord’s eyes sparkled. “As I recall, you once washed my mouth out with soap for using that very word.”

“Soap never hurt any man, and you are changing the subject, your lordship!” Alan’s severe expression softened. “Best bring the little lassie back here, Milord. We’ll never rest with her off in yon wicked city. That wench Freda says William quizzed her about Miss Andrea’s route to London, when she left, how many attendants she had. I would dearly like to know what he’s up to!”

“You think he may want to marry her? He did try to defend her.”

Alan shook his head. “If not William, it’ll sure be another bad man, for though she’s comely and graceful as a doe, she hasn’t a speck of worldly wisdom. And if she was right about the deaths, she’s in danger. Bring her home, Milord.”

“I have a bachelor establishment here, Alan, in case you’ve forgotten,” said Lord Justin dryly.

“There’s that cousin Stacia, the widowed lady, and there’d be the abigails. ‘Twould be a situation of unimpeachable propriety.”

“My god, Alan, here’s a transformation! I thought you hated women as much as I did!”

“That’s as may be,” said Alan. “Depends upon the lady.”

“You old dog!” Milord grinned. Feeling remarkably cheerful, he gave orders for a small case to be packed for travel, and his horse brought round.

“You’ll take Ben?” Alan asked.

Milord grinned. “And have the lady flee from me on sight? No, if you won’t come, I’ll ride alone. Better not make too much stir until I see what comes of it.”

“Your lordship may be right,” said Alan so smugly that Milord broke into a chuckle, and with a remark about old humbugs, strode eagerly out to his horse.





As the ladies were settling down to another fine dinner in the private parlor Milord’s courier had obtained for them, there was an interruption. The innkeeper entered and, begging their pardon effusively, informed them that a gentleman had requested the honor of waiting upon them when they had finished their meal.

“For I told him,” explained their host, “that he might in no way be permitted to disturb the ladies before that.”

Andrea’s heart leaped. Could it be that Milord—?”

The innkeeper quickly disabused her. “The gentleman says his name is William.”

“Impossible!” uttered Miss Burkett.

“But that’s what he named himself,” protested the bewildered host.

“Whatever his name, it would be quite ineligible for two females traveling alone to receive a gentleman chance-met at an inn. You will refuse us, Host, if you please. With all proper civilities, of course,” she added kindly.

After the innkeeper left, Andrea tried to argue. Miss Burkett shook her head.

“I have my instructions from Lord Justin,” she said impressively. “It would be not at all comme il faut for you to be meeting a man at an inn. Comme il faut is from the French tongue,” she explained kindly, “and means correct or proper.”

Rebelliously Andrea went up to her room immediately after dinner to prepare for the night. Perhaps Mr. William bore a message from Milord? No, that was unlikely. And really, she was forced to admit, considering that Lord Justin had had him beaten, and that he himself had displayed such venom against women, it was just as well that Miss Burkett took her responsibilities so seriously.

Andrea was undressed and trying to calm her mind with an improving tract loaned to her by her companion, when there came a scraping at her window. The girl knew at once who was asking for admittance, and she considered for a full minute the propriety of the move she was going to make. Curiosity, to put it no higher, drove her to find out what Mr. William so urgently desired to communicate. So, first checking the bolt on her bedroom door, she crept to the window and drew back the curtain. Mr. William peered in at her from his perch on a sturdy bough.

There was nothing ludicrous or boyish in Mr. William’s attitude. Instead, Andrea thought him to be a determined, even a desperate man. Pausing only to throw about her the dressing gown Milord had provided from Pola’s wardrobe, she opened the window and asked Mr. William quietly what he wanted of her.

“To get in off this damned perch,” said William bitterly.

“Mrs. Burkett would say it was not at all comme il faut,” argued Andrea. “That means—”

“I know what it means,” snapped Mr. William. “Are you a complete idiot? I had not thought so.”

Andrea stepped back and let him scramble silently into the room. “You must keep your voice down,” she warned him. “I do not want a scandal.”

“What you are going to get is your death, unless you start using your brain,” said Mr. William. Andrea drew back. His eyes had a glitter in them which she had not seen before, and his face was set in a mask of rage.

“Do you—mean to kill me?”

“No, you moon-calf! Lord Justin does.”

“I do not believe you,” said Andrea. “He is sending me to London with every attention to my comfort, even a companion to protect my reputation—”

“He is sending you to your death in a place sufficiently removed from Kyle that no person could ever suspect his complicity,” snarled William. “Tomorrow at the latest—I had feared it might be set for today, and have ridden hell-for-leather to try to save you! Tomorrow, I say, Milord’s fine carriage—such a spectacular and easily identified vehicle!—will be stopped by ‘highwaymen,’ and most unfortunately, in the course of the robbery, or perhaps because of their disappointment at the meager takings, the hired ruffians will slaughter all of you out of hand!”

“This accusation is monstrous!” Andrea held her voice to a whisper with difficulty. “No one but a madman would arrange to kill six persons!”

Mr. William smiled widely. “No one but a madman would arrange to kill his wife of one month because she was betraying his ancient name.”

“Mad?” whispered the girl. “Oh, no, I cannot believe it!”

“For your life’s sake, it would be well that you did.”

“Why do you care? Who are you?” asked the girl.

“I had thought you might have guessed, but perhaps the great Wasylyk family is as short on brains as it is long on charm,” William sneered. “I am that man whom your precious Pola deceived to the top of his bent, then betrayed and abandoned in Warsaw. But she had to flee from Poland! She and that father of hers knew I would never let her go!”

“You—killed her?”

This horrified exclamation gave him pause. “Of course I did not! I loved her—so help me, I still do! Her precious husband ran her off the cliff the night he discovered she had left him to go to a lover. But it wasn’t Sir Ormond—I was the man she was going to meet! And now that you have shown him you are suspicious, he will silence you as effectively as he silenced your sister and your father!”

“My father murdered, too?”

“Surely you suspected something? That’s why you came up here, isn’t it?”

At her desolate nod, he said gruffly, “Get dressed. Pack a bag and we’ll slip away. I have two horses tied nearby. We can be safely away before dawn.”

“Miss Burkett and the servants! I cannot leave them to be murdered. We must tell them—”

The hired rogues will let them go when they find you have escaped. It is you the trap was meant for! Hurry!”

“Go down and wait for me below,” the girl ordered dully.

“What? Can you climb down the tree unaided, young Bart?”

“If you wish me to accompany you, you will go at once,” Andrea whispered. Without another word, William disappeared through the window. Only the faintest of rustlings announced his descent.

Within ten minutes, Andrea snuffed the candles and tossed her small case out of the window. William, evidently on the watch, caught it before it hit the ground. Then the girl, not without awkwardness because of her dress, climbed her way down the tree to earth. William caught her as she dropped the last six feet. Without a word he led the way through the inn grounds to a small copse beside the high-road. There in the shadow two horses were tethered. The man bent to toss her into the saddle.

“I can ride as well as you,” she rejected his assistance. “Look to your own animal.”

They rode away in comparative silence, keeping to the soft earth at the side of the road until they were a good distance from the inn. Then William spurred his horse to a gallop, and Andrea’s followed willingly enough. When they had ridden for half an hour, William drew up to let the horses rest.

“I think we are clear,” he said in a gloating voice.

Andrea was repelled. “Is it so important to you to have thwarted Lord Justin clandestinely?” she challenged. “I would think a true Pole would wish to confront him openly.”

“You are a fool, Andrea. Would you have me call for the Bow Street Runners?”

“You think they would not proceed against so important a man as Lord Dominic Justin? I have understood it to be otherwise in this country. But no, I had rather thought a Polish gentleman would choose a face-to-face encounter.”

William was not paying attention to her. He was peering across the fields toward a large building that topped a little rise. “A barn, I think. It should furnish us with shelter and some hay to rest on before we resume our journey. I have food and wine in my saddle-bags.”

“I am not hungry,” objected Andrea. “I think we should press on toward London.”

“I, on the other hand, am both hungry and tired, having ridden all day and half the night to catch up with you and—rescue you.”

In view of this statement, it seemed churlish not to accede to his request. Andrea led her horse through the hedge and followed her companion to the barn. It was indeed an excellent shelter, being airy but protected, and smelling of the piles of sweet hay. Mr. William pulled the great doors closed behind them, and engaged the leather thong which served as a latch.

“I’ll build a very small fire to give us light and warmth while we eat,” William decided. “There’s a pile of old fencing.”

“Will not a fire be dangerous, with all this dry straw? And we must tend to our horses before we rest.” Andrea had been carefully schooled by the Cossack officer.

“No, we’ll be going on soon enough. I don’t want to be caught by some gapeseed investigating the fire.” William crouched down by his small blaze and took food from his saddlebag. While he ate, Andrea perched herself on a pile of hay and watched him. As the firelight strengthened, William’s eyes were attracted to her figure in the modish traveling dress.

“So, ‘Master Tad Bartholomew,’ you’re a woman now?” he said at length, and there was a jeering note in his voice. “Stand up and let me see you!”

Andrea ignored this. She was having second thoughts about the wisdom of this flight by night. Surely if they had told the innkeeper the story, he would have secured weapons and extra guards for their carriage.

“Miss Andrea Wasylyk,” William continued softly. “If you only knew how eagerly I have sought you—the last of the Wasylyks.”

“You have sought—?”

“Yes. After I killed Pola, I went back to London to dispose of the count and you. It was easy to manage Count Vladi—too many years and too much brandy had slowed his responses. But I couldn’t get at you. They’d kept you so close I didn’t even know what you looked like. So I came back to Kyle, thinking the grieving sister-in-law would be welcomed in Milord’s Castle. But there was no announcement of the arrival of Andrea Wasylyk. Instead, a silly young student came pottering about the village looking for botany specimens. The disguise was clever, even if your suspicions of Lord Justin were stupid . . .” He laughed.

Andrea was staring at him, unable or unwilling to accept the horrifying things he was saying. Her shocked brain was echoing, “He killed father . . . and Pola . . . he’s mad!”

“If this is true, Mr. William—why?”

“It’s not Mr. William, ‘Bart.’ I took that name so Pola would not be warned I was near her. I did not think the stupid English would suspect me. But Lord Justin, damn him, was not the weak dupe I thought him. After Pola’s death, he confronted Sir Ormond. Talon was able to prove he had not met Pola on that fatal night. Then Justin began to investigate the manner of Pola’s death. He knew what a Cossack she’d been. He just didn’t believe she had fallen to her death.” He chuckled. Andrea was sickened by the sound coming from ‘Mr. William’s’ lips.

“Your precious Milord became suspicious of me after your little moonlight ride. He had me stripped to find out if I were a female—I Baron Niklaus Trygda! And then he had me whipped, damn him! I’m going back to get him, after I’ve disposed of you. No man lays whip upon a Trygda with impunity.”

Andrea was not yet afraid for herself. She could not believe that this man really meant to harm her. “Baron Trygda, please! You must tell me why you have killed my father and my sister, if indeed this is not a cruel joke, and you have really done so?”

“Never doubt it, ‘Bart,’ ” smiled the baron. “I shall enjoy telling you the whole story—before I strangle you.”

He peered at her in the flickering light, then threw more straw on the fire, and some lengths of the rotten fencing. “You’re a very pretty little female, ‘Bart.’ Now why should you choose that name, I wonder.”

“My grandfather was Tadeuz Bartolomeu,” said Andrea.

“Ah, yes, the restorer of the Wasylyk fortunes! The carefully ignored restorer! How I used to make Pola rage, asking her which of her jewels the dirty money had brought!”

“Why, Baron Trygda? You must tell me!” cried Andrea.

“Of course I must, little Impatience!” He reached out a strong hand and took her throat in a light grasp. “Such a pretty, boyish girl! You fooled everyone very neatly. Clever as well as pretty—and still a virgin, I’ll hazard? Pity to kill the little woman before she’s ever lived! Had I better do something about that, do you think?”

“Why did you kill Pola?” Andrea pulled her head away from his slack grasp. “Oh, I do not think you did so! This is the stuff of nightmares!”

The baron smiled into her face—and Andrea knew he had spoken truth, “I killed her because she was my wife, and because she caused my sister’s death—a woman so far above Pola that your sister was not fit to touch her sandals. Oh, yes, you stare at me, little ‘Bart’! But your precious Pola lusted after me, and I would not have her without a ceremony. How she hated that!” he giggled. “To have to swear obedience! She demanded that we go through the mummery in some remote parish where we would be quite unknown, but she married me—your bigamous sister.”

“Then she is not—?”

“She never was Lord Justin’s wife. I had no time to ask her if she had confessed to him before I forced her off the cliff’s edge! Ah, that was riding! I had never done better, nor had she! I drove out upon her as she galloped along the cliff path to an assignation with Sir Ormond. Be sure she knew me then—I haled her by my pet love-name for her! She laughed, and shouted, ‘You here, Nikki? Haven’t had enough of me yet?’ and the lightning flashed and the thunder roared and we . . . and we . . .” He seemed to recollect his audience, and continued more quietly, “We raced along the cliff path, our horses shoulder to shoulder, but I had the better position, and I forced her over.” He shook his head admiringly. “She had high courage. She must have known what I intended to do.”

“Was it because she had left you and married Dominic?” whispered the girl.

The baron clenched his fist. “There was only one end for her when she stole my sister’s young husband and then boasted of it. My sister killed herself, and Count Vladi took his notorious daughter to England and got a husband for her. When I heard that, I knew Pola had never told Vladi of our marriage. I waited, because I had not yet decided whether to expose her to public infamy or to kill her. But of course, in the end, there was only one answer. I did not intend to let her go all over Europe cuckolding me, disgracing a name as old and honored as her own.”

“Pola was your wife, and you killed her.” Andrea’s mind seemed numb. She did not seem able to feel grief or outrage. If Baron Trygda was telling the truth, then Pola had brought her own doom upon her, and upon her family too. Andrea struggled to think clearly. Was Stacia safe from this madman? Yes, she had married into the family, not been born into it. And then there was Lord Justin, whose ancient name and fine reputation had been jeopardized by Pola’s corruption. It was imperative that he be told as soon as possible that the woman who had so disillusioned him was not, in truth, his wife. But to what purpose? Pola was dead, and it might be better to let her shame and her crimes die with her.

The girl turned to her horse. “I will leave you now, sir. I must get on to London and arrange to return to Poland.”

Her companion’s laugh grated harshly. “You little fool, do you think I could permit you to live after I have told you all this? Although anyone of Pola’s blood disgusts me, I shall take you here in the straw before I strangle you. It may appease my sister’s ghost—and it is a fitting punishment for one of your family. Come here!”

Andrea turned as though to obey. Her eyes were searching the fire-illumined interior of the barn for anything which could serve as a weapon, for she did not intend to submit to this murderer without a struggle.

She saw nothing which would do, and the baron was advancing around the fire—! Andrea bent and seized one end of a flaming board, and brandished it at him.

“I will hit you with this if you come a step closer.”

The baron paused, evaluating her determination. Then an even more devilish grin split his face. “The very thing! Does not Mother Church advise us not to let a witch live? I shall burn you alive and thus end the Wasylyk curse!”

Andrea stood her ground, but he did not at once approach her. Running lightly to the doors, he unlatched the thong and threw them wide. Then he moved to the horses, and drove them out through the doorway with a blow and a cry. Then, still not coming near her, he picked up a bundle of hay and threw it on the fire. As Andrea backed away from the sudden blaze, he ran in and kicked the burning boards and sheaves away. In an instant, several piles of hay were alight and burning out of control. With a final phrase in Polish that sounded like a curse, the baron ran through the barn doors and pulled them closed behind him. Andrea followed as soon as she saw what he was doing, but she could not force the doors open. She looked frantically around for another exit through the increasing billows of smoke, but she could see no way to escape. The hay was flaming up all around her, the roof was beginning to smolder. Thick smoke was everywhere.

Andrea snatched up one of the billets of wood from the pile and began to hammer at a wall.

From outside there was a cry in Polish and the sound of a shot.

“Good God!” thought Andrea in despair. “He has killed himself and left me to burn!”





Chapter Seventeen



A few hours earlier, Lord Justin, riding his great stallion and dressed with casual elegance in skin-tight riding breeches and a fine black coat, pulled rein at the King’s Inn, the second on the itinerary he had provided for the ladies. He dismounted and while the groom led the horse around to the stable, Milord entered the inn and accepted the obsequious attentions of the host. Lord Justin announced his name and style, and the innkeeper was moved to express his gratitude for the honor done his humble hostelry.

“Miss Burkett and Miss Andrea have already retired, I presume?”

“Yes, indeed, your lordship, they being much fatigued by the exertions of their journey,” confirmed the innkeeper. “Has your lordship dined? Let me offer your lordship a simple collation—”





“Since I have not yet dined, being eager to reach this inn and assure myself of the ladies’ comfort, I will have whatever your kitchen can provide,” answered Milord, not best pleased that he would have to wait another long night before seeing Andrea.

He did justice to the roast of beef, the boiled country ham, two plump chickens and the fine brandy, obviously smuggled, with which the innkeeper regaled him. Then, still too restless to go to bed, and desiring to work from his legs the stiffness acquired by twelve hours in the saddle, he decided to take a turn around the inn before retiring for the night.

During the course of this stroll, he observed a window gaping open above a tree which grew strategically close to the building. At this point, Milord felt such a remarkable strengthening of those apprehensions to which he had been prey during his journey that he immediately repaired to the taproom and ordered the innkeeper to send his wife up to Miss

Andrea’s chamber to reassure him of her safety. While the good lady, much alarmed, was on this errand, Lord Justin first ascertained that no horses were missing from the stable; then ordered that Miss Burkett not be disturbed; and finally, announced, when Miss’s absence was confirmed, that he would at once set out to overtake the abductor. The host having told him in detail of the importunate visitor named William, properly denied an audience by the ladies, Milord had no need to look further for the abductor’s identity.

After half an hour of hard riding, Milord acknowledged a fear too powerful to be repressed. He had no idea where William had taken Andrea. Then the even more repulsive thought occurred to him that the girl might have gone willingly. Lord Justin, more seriously concerned than ever before in his life, was trying to decide what was the wisest course to take when his attention was caught by the sight of a barn burning brightly at the top of a rise just off the road. And riding toward the hedge was—Mr. William!





Andrea was battering despairingly upon the stout wall with her billet of wood, coughing and choking in the smoke-filled air, when from behind her in the region of the door she heard a shout.

“Andrea! Where are you? Call out at once!”

Her throat was dry with fear and the smoke she had been forced to inhale, but the girl managed to get out a gasping cry and hammered more loudly with her stick.

“Here . . . beside the wall . . . I am here!”

Through the flames and smoke looked a tall figure in white shirtsleeves. He caught sight of her, and, running toward her, scooped her up over his shoulder.

“I seem to be making a habit of carrying you around in this rather undignified position,” came the voice of Lord Justin. “You really need someone to take charge of you.” He threw his coat, singed by the fire, over her to protect her from the flames, and ran out of the barn. “Thank God he set fire to it! I had else ridden right past in my search for you.”

He set her on her feet well away from the barn, and as he did so, the roof collapsed with a great roaring and fountaining of flames and sparks. Andrea clung to his big body, and Milord kept one arm around her to steady her against his chest.

“He is Baron Trygda,” gasped the girl. “He told me he had murdered Pola and my father, and now he planned to kill me, to wipe out our family!”

“Hush, child, you must forget all that,” Lord Justin advised gently. “I am going to take you back to Miss Burkett, and tell them you were abducted from your bedchamber by a madman who thought you were his sister. In that way, no scandal will attach itself to your experience.”

The girl caught urgently at his arm. “But where is the baron? He is made, truly! Didn’t you hear me? I told you he admitted killing Pola and my father, and planned to kill you also—for having him whipped!”

“He has killed himself, child. I do not wish you to see his body. When I have you safely disposed at the inn, I shall lead some men back here to bury it. If indeed he was a double murderer, he realized when he saw me here that he had run his course. He fired at me, missed, and then turned his weapon on himself.”

Trembling, Andrea permitted Lord Justin to help her mount the mare the baron had provided. Then with Milord riding the stallion and leading the baron’s horse, they went slowly back to the inn. Andrew knew that she must tell him that he had never been truly married to Pola, but it did not seem to her that this was the proper time. If ever there would be a proper time! Was it not better to let a sleeping scandal lie? If she told him, would he think that she longed for a closer connection? She bent her head in anguish over the reins. For a closer connection with Lord Dominic Justin was exactly what she most ardently desired.

The host and half a dozen servants attended their arrival at the inn. Andrea learned that this was the second time Lord Justin had come there that night.

“For you may well imagine,” he was saying now to his gape-mouthed auditors, “that a fortune so great as my sister-in-law’s is a temptation to every sort of rogue. I had thought that four servants and a dame de compagnie would be enough to protect her until I could arrive to escort the party to London, but it seems I was mistaken.”

His triumphant return with the poor young heiress was greeted with cheers. He was told that, according to his instructions, Miss Burkett had not been aroused.

“I doubt if you could have done so short of a trumpet blast,” said the poor young heiress waspishly. Everyone who heard her sarcastic remark charitably attributed it to fright and exhaustion from her ordeal.

“It was wise of you to permit madam to rest,” commented Lord Justin imperturbably. “There is really nothing she could have done to prevent the abduction. Now that all has been so satisfactorily resolved, I shall require an abigail to assist Miss Andrea to her room to see her safely into bed. And I think a cup of hot chocolate, Host, to soothe her nerves. I desire that the abigail remain in Miss Andrea’s room all night. This abduction has been a strain upon her,” Milord concluded with such a minatory look that the innkeeper immediately begged his pardon for the occurrence, and promised it would not happen again.

At this, Andrea’s eyes met Milord’s in such a delighted sharing of the joke that the girl was forced to turn away at once and follow the serving maid up to her bedchamber. All looked exactly as it had done when she left it two hours earlier, but what a difference there was in the girl’s feelings! She scarcely believed she would be able to close an eye, with so much to ponder over, so much to accept.

The little maid helped her deftly enough out of her ruined clothing and got her safely between the sheets, then ran downstairs to fetch the hot chocolate. Andrea kept her glance on the doorway, hoping against reason that Milord might come to talk to her. When the door opened again, it was the little maid with the steaming cup. Andrea was fast asleep! Shrugging, the maid drank the chocolate herself and settled down in the big chair for the night, after carefully locking the door and both the windows.





Chapter Eighteen



Andrea was awakened by the sound of gentle snores. At first she thought she was back in the coach with Miss Burkett. Then she saw the abigail, cap on one side of her head, asprawl in the big chair. Andrea got out of bed and opened the windows wide to let in the fresh sweetness of the morning air. The noise disturbed the maid, who roused herself sufficiently to ask, between gaping yawns, what she could do for Miss.

Andrea’s only desire was to be with Milord, but she prudently refrained from mentioning this, and said instead that she would be very pleased to have a cup of chocolate and perhaps a slice of the new-baked bread whose aroma was wafting up so invitingly from below stairs. As the abigail was leaving, Andrea added, carefully casual, “You might find but if Lord Justin has breakfasted yet.”

Andrea was washed and dressed in the most becoming of Pola’s traveling costumes by the time the maid returned. It appeared that Milord had risen very early to accompany the local magistrate to the place where the abductor’s body lay, his murderous pistol still clenched in his hand. Milord had, however, returned, and requested the honor of a conference with Miss Andrea at her convenience. Thus encouraged, Miss informed the maid that she would be pleased to meet with Lord Justin in the private parlor of the inn in a quarter of an hour. It would not do to appear too eager!

In point of fact, she was there in fourteen minutes, but had the felicity of finding Milord before her. He greeted her with uncommon civility. Indeed, he advanced upon her so enthusiastically that the young lady had hopes he might have the idea of an embrace in mind. But this, alas, was not borne out in actuality. Milord contented himself with taking both her hands, conveniently outstretched for his grasp, and looking searchingly into her face. His voice, too, revealed more emotion than the arrogant nobleman was wont to display.

“Andrea, my dear child, I trust you have had a comfortable night?”

“Oh, yes, Milord,” the girl said, scanning his beloved features as intently as he did hers. “I am so glad you came after me! I should else have been dead today, burned to a crisp!”

The muscles at the corners of Milord’s beautiful mouth twitched, and he said, in quite a different voice, “You incorrigible child! But yes, I am delighted indeed that you are not burned to a crisp, and on such a promising morning, too! One would not want to have missed it!”

Andrea realized with dismay that she had broken for Milord the mood in which she might have placed hope of him discovering himself prey to the tenderer emotions. For surely the firm clasp of his hands, the intent glance, the deep warm voice, had meant more than just a conventional interest in a young woman one had rescued from death? She tried for a recover. “There is much I must tell you—one fact which is really essential for you to know—” She broke off as she saw his almost paternal smile.

“Then we must have a serious conversation as soon as we have eaten, must we not? Our host has a luncheon ready for us, he informs me. May I escort you into the dining parlor?”

Andrea was forced to accede to this reasonable but rather prosaic program. She waited impatiently while Milord ate a large amount of food with maddening deliberation. Finally he acknowledged her disapproving glance with a chuckle.

“There is rather a lot of me to keep up, you know! I’ll cry quits now if you like.”

“It does seem rather important that we discuss Mr. William—I mean, the baron’s—disclosures,” she said reprovingly.

He followed her stiff little back into the private parlor, his eyes twinkling with amusement. Her first words, however, after she had made sure the door was closed, startled him out of his light-hearted mood.

“Baron Trygda informed me last night that he had married my sister Pola in a secret but legal church ceremony at some time previous to her marriage to you,” she began.

“What?” Milord sat forward in his chair, staring at her incredulously. “You cannot be serious?”

“I am. I am sure you will be able to trace the records in one of the churches within a day’s ride of Warsaw. The reason my father brought Pola to England was that the baron’s sister committed suicide for—for a reason having to do with Pola, and since the baron was swearing vengeance, Father decided to get Pola quite away from his anger.”

Milord was looking very stern indeed. “You are sure of your facts, Andrea? This sounds like wildest fantasy”

“Since the baron is dead, I cannot bring him to reinforce my story, but he told me what I have just related to you. As I suggested, you could commission an investigator to search for the church in the village where the marriage was performed. Or there may be other ways to prove the fact. Your man of law would know, I am sure.”

Lord Justin was beginning to look very angry. “Do you tell me your father knew of this —this unforgivable hoax when he accepted my offer for your sister?”

“No, I am sure he did not. The baron said Pola insisted upon secrecy. No one knew, except of course the priest who performed the ceremony, and the minor official in the government offices who issued the license. My father would never have permitted you to go through a ceremony with Pola if he had known about her marriage to the baron!”

“Your sister has presented me with distasteful options! But I suppose it is better to be regarded as an unwitting partner to a bigamist than as a cuckold!”

This was not going at all as she had hoped, Andrea thought. She had been foolish beyond permission to imagine a nobleman of Lord Justin’s pride and consequence could consider allying himself in any way with the sister of a woman who had so shamefully duped him.

“I see that we have been a great mortification to you, we Wasylyks,” she said painfully. “Perhaps the best thing for you to do, if you do not need me to make statements or witness documents, or anything of that nature, is to send me at once to London, Milord. Stacia and I will set out for Poland as quickly as possible.”

Startled out of his anger by this extremely reasonable suggestion, Lord Justin turned his gaze upon her face. It was a striking face, with its huge amber eyes shadowed by strain and unhappiness, and its sternly elegant features. Not beautiful, no, thought Milord, but by all the gods, lovely!

After a moment he said in a low voice, “Is that what you would wish to do, Andrea? To leave me and return to Poland?”

Of course not! her heart cried out silently, but only the strained look in her great topaz eyes gave witness to her sudden rush of feeling. “I would do whatever will benefit your lordship,” she managed to say.

“You must call me Dominic,” chided Milord, digressing in a most confusing manner. “Do I not call you Andrea?”

“What has that to say to anything?” the girl retorted with more heat than she was aware of. “You also call me ‘my dear child,’ and indeed I am not!”

“Not ‘my dear’?” asked Milord, treacherously.

“Not a child!” Andrea cried.

“How old are you, Andrea?” Milord asked gently.

“I am—let me see—why I am eighteen! My birthday was last week,” the girl confided, smiling shyly. “I had forgot it in the excitement.”

“My God, eighteen!” muttered Milord. “And do you know how old I am! I am thirty-five. Twice your age. When you are thirty-five, I shall be fifty-two. And an old man!”

Andrea was busy doing sums in her head. “And when I am forty, you will only be fifty-seven. Your age then will be less than a third greater than mine. I should be catching up to you all the time! By the time I am one hundred, you would be only one hundred and seventeen—we should be a fine pair of gossips together! My nurse, Nonna, came from Georgia in the Caucasus mountains. She told me that many couples in her country reach the age of one hundred and fifty and still find themselves happily married—”

She broke off as Milord, shouting with laughter, caught her up in a delighted embrace.

“You little rogue! If you are expecting me to perform at one hundred and fifty—! Not that I might not be able to, with you, you little witch!” Laughter on his lips and in his eyes, he looked down into her face. Andrea was shaking with joyous disbelief.

Then Lord Justin’s face sobered. “My very dear, it will not do, you know.” He put her gently from him.

“You mean because I am an insipid miss?” Andrea whispered.

“Whatever gave you that idea?” grinned Milord.

Mrs. Drummond-Burrell told me my sister pleased you because she was awake upon every suit, and an insipid miss would bore you to distraction in five minutes. It is true I do not yet know any card games, but if you cared to have me instructed—?” She looked at him with hope in her lovely eyes.

He chuckled reluctantly. “My infant, that was not what Mrs. Burrell meant by ‘awake on every suit,’ ” he said with a sort of regretful tenderness which put Andrea at arm’s length.

Andrea searched his face. Then a new light came into her eyes. “Ah! I think I see. Mrs. Burrell meant that Pola had been in love with many men, and knew best how to please you in that way. Well, I am sure that in London I could very soon come by tuition in that, as easily as in whist or piquet!”

In an instant Milord had seized her so tightly in his arms that she could hardly breathe. He said, between his teeth, “If ever I hear you make such an outrageous suggestion again, I shall beat you!”

“Tied up to the shackles in your dungeon, Milord?” challenged the girl, strangely enough evidencing no distress at the severity of his embrace.

Milord was forced to smile guiltily. “Now, don’t you ring a peal over me for that escapade!” he begged her. “Alan has already washed my head for me. He tells me that all that commotion in the wine cellars has soured some of the wine. The dungeons have been used only in the capacity of storage for a hundred years,” he confessed. “I must admit I set the stage to frighten our Mr. William and a certain impudent youth who went by the name of Bartholomew.”

“Wine cellars! You are changing the subject again, which is very silly of you when we are faced with a real dilemma,” the girl said severely.

Milord, who had somehow forgotten to release her from his arms, smiled down lovingly into her face. “We are?” he repeated, rather foolishly for one of his acknowledged nous.

“We are. If you must have an experienced partner, and I am supremely ignorant, and you reject the idea of another man instructing me, then you, it seems, must be my teacher.”

“The idea is not without its charm,” admitted Milord, kissing the tip of her nose.

“That is,” continued Andrea with really incredible daring, “If you think you are able—?”

Since this sally got exactly the response she had hoped for, Andrea was quite unable to continue the conversation for a considerable time. There was, however, such satisfactory compensations that she really did not regret the cutting off of dialogue.





A TIME TO LOVE





Elizabeth Chater





Table of Contents A Time to Love

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Epilogue





Chapter One



Moira Lovelace walked carefully along the muddy lane toward the village of South Littlefield on a freezing cold morning in June. She had to watch carefully where she put her feet, lest she slip and dirty the beautiful cape she was wearing. It was of soft brown wool, lined with lustrous sable fur, and had been Herbert Lovelace’s gift to his wife Candace upon the occasion of their wedding twenty-five years earlier. In addition to being something of an heirloom already, the cape was the warmest garment they owned. Mama always insisted that Moira wear it whenever she went out in chilly weather upon an errand, and today’s errand was urgent: to collect the remittance that arrived each month from Herbert’s eldest brother, Sir Will Lovelace.

It could not have been easy for impractical, scholarly Papa, fifth son of a minor nobleman, to adjust to the harsh realities of providing for a wife and daughter, thought Moira tenderly, grateful for even the meager three pounds per month her grandfather had begrudgingly allotted to his stupid bookworm of a son when Herbert had so rashly married the pretty daughter of his father’s French chef. The unsuitability of the match aside, there was little money to spare after the older sons were provided for. Sir Giles Lovelace had been rather too prolific. By the time suitable provisions had been made for his heir, commissions in the Guards purchased for the twins and a remittance decided upon that would keep the rakehell fourth son safely rusticated in Australia, there was very little left, either of property or funds, to establish the fifth son and his charming but dowerless French wife. Banished to a cottage in an obscure village comfortably distant from Lovelace Manor, the two innocents had cared little for their straitened circumstances. Theirs was a true love match. Candace adored her Herbert, and he adored his books, his pretty wife, and his daughter—in that order.

Moira, named by her papa after the Greek Fate, had early learned that if anything, from nourishing meals to clean linen, was to be available for the use of Herbert’s family, it was she who must see to it. As a result she had acquired, one way or another, a rather unusual education. Herbert had enthusiastically shared with his bright little daughter his love of ancient civilizations, so she had become familiar with the glorious literature and challenging ideas of Greece and Rome, and could even read a little in both languages. The Reverend Clarence, rector of their small parish, had persuaded Moira’s papa to let him tutor the bright girl in less erudite fields, while Mrs. Clarence had invited the child into her own warm, clean house, and had shared all her housekeeping skills. Fluffy little Maman had added a few elegant culinary tricks that she had observed in Chef Duvall’s kitchen, and introduced Moira to a delightful repertoire of operatic arias and French folk songs.

Yet it was Moira’s own steady determination that had enabled her from an early age to master and then employ the homelier arts of caring for the tiny, idyllic, but hideously inconvenient cottage, and cooking the savory meals that nourished her darling, improvident parents. At the age of twenty-four, Moira had come to be considered in the village and surrounding community as a comfortable spinster—quiet, kindly, and more like a parent than a daughter to the Lovelaces. Her remarkable education was forgiven her because she made no effort to flaunt it.

Mrs. Clarence viewed her status with regret. “The poor girl is neither fish nor flesh,” she complained to her husband. “Oh, the nobs will ask the Lovelaces to dinner if they need to even the numbers, or to tea because Candace is so delightfully charming, I grant you. But for all that Herbert is a Lovelace, none of the good families hereabouts would permit one of their sons to marry the offspring of a penniless nodcock and a servant’s daughter. But by the same token, a Lovelace couldn’t be permitted to ally herself with some farmer’s sprout! Where does that leave poor Moira?”

While deploring her racy language, the rector was forced to agree with the substance of his wife’s remarks. He himself had required time and some prayerful consideration before deciding upon the proper attitude toward the child-like, maddeningly unworldly Lovelaces. But Moira was a different proposition. Mr. Clarence had hopes that someday her noble uncle might respond to the gentle hints the rector injected every year into the routine report he made to the current head of the Lovelace family as to the careful use Moira was making of the monthly stipend so generously given her father. He had even mentioned that, had Moira not been there to remind him, the unworldly Herbert would probably have forgotten to collect the money at all!

If Clarence had only known, such indeed had been the case on this bitterly cold morning. Moira had come into the largest and warmest room in the cottage, Herbert’s library, to make sure he was ready to walk down to the village. There had been several days of cold, driving rain, and comfort-loving Herbert and Candace had kept every fireplace in the house burning brightly. Moira, concerned at the rapid depletion of the supply of firewood, had sought out her papa to remind him to order more fuel when he picked up his allowance at the office of the postmistress, conveniently located in the small general store. Her rather anxious expression softened as she beheld her parents in their usual positions: Herbert at his desk, poring over a heavy volume, and Candace curled up like a kitten on the small couch before the fire, fast asleep.

Herbert glanced up at Moira with an eager smile. “I have just discovered a most disturbing passage in Emperor Justinian’s Digest of Roman Law,” he began, then frowned. “You are not here to tell me it is time for lunch already?”

Moira chuckled, shaking her head. “Papa! It is barely nine o’clock! You ate breakfast scarcely an hour ago. I came to remind you that this is the day to pick up your allowance.”

Dismissing such pedestrian considerations out of hand, Herbert lifted up the volume and began to read, first explaining the case. “This refers to the torture of a slave who has insulted someone other than his master. ‘Some sorts of insults might seem slight and of no importance when caused by free men, yet they are serious when inflicted by slaves, for an insult increases in the light of who it was who caused it.’ Provocative, is it not? I must arrange to discuss the idea with Clarence.” Turning back to his desk, Herbert began to make notes, presumably to use during the proposed conference.

Shaking her head indulgently, Moira went quietly out of the room and took from the chest against the wall her maman’s beautiful cape. Whenever either one of Herbert’s ladies had to go into the village in the cold weather, she would don this elegant and agreeable garment, and feel both protected from the elements and very much à la mode. Moira, mulling over her father’s quotation as she made her way along the country lanes to the village, had at first chuckled at his preoccupation with ancient Roman law, and then wondered a little wryly what the barbaric custom of punishing slaves had to do with modern life. Of course there was always the principle of the thing. Was an insult less or more insulting depending upon the social position of the insulter? Surely a person of one’s own class might be expected to know better, and must therefore be held more accountable and punished more severely for graceless behavior? Shaking her head in rueful amusement, Moira decided to leave such delicate distinctions to the scholar and the cleric, and proceeded upon her way, leaning into the fresh, boisterous wind, which made her glad of the fur-lined cape.

She had reached the little shop, received her father’s mail, and was enjoying a comfortable coze with Mrs. Framble, the postmistress, when both ladies heard a chorus of male cries and shouts from the street.

“Whatever are they up to now?” complained Mrs. Framble. “Farmer Jonas’s bull hasn’t broke out again, surely?”

“Perhaps the slaves have risen?” Moira suggested wickedly. “Being tired of extra punishment for a common crime,” she explained at the postmistress’s inquiring stare.

“The only slaves around here are the housewives,” argued the happily widowed Mrs. Framble. “Let’s go outside and have a look anyway,” and she led the way.

The first thing they saw was a veritable crowd of men and women running down the street toward Moira’s home. Then, to their horror, both women saw the giant plume of smoke that rose into the air beyond the village. It was wind-tossed and scintillating with fiery sparks and burning embers.

“My God,” said Mrs. Framble devoutly. “That looks like—oh, no! Not your cottage!”

By the time Moira reached her home, it was a blazing pyre, fanned by the tempestuous wind. Mindless with fear for her parents, the girl attempted to run into the inferno, but was restrained by strong arms. And then Mrs. Clarence was beside her, pulling her close into a protective embrace, and drawing her away from the scene of disaster.

At the rectory, the good woman murmured an endless soft stream of comfort, assuring Moira that Mr. Clarence would take care of everything. Meanwhile she was removing the girl’s mud-stained boots, and loosening the cape, which she tucked around the silently weeping girl as she got her into bed.





In the days that followed, the good couple did their loving best to temper the wind to the shorn lamb, and comfort Moira in her crushing loss. Mrs. Clarence, ever practical, made Moira’s clothing her first concern. Since the cottage and its contents had been reduced to ashes, Moira’s wardrobe consisted of what she stood up in. Fortunately she had been wearing her best dress, a brown wool redingote with orange facings. Candace’s cape was more than adequate, especially during the cold months, but her shoes, alas, did not measure up. They were sturdy country boots, suitable for walking in the muddy lanes, and had been originally ordered from a nearby market town by a local farmer, who donated them to the Clarences when he found they were too small. And Moira had gladly accepted them from her friend.

One look at the orphan’s chemise, drawers, and petticoat the morning after the fire had sent the good dame bustling to her own well-stocked bureau for replacements. For the deeply sorrowing girl, the rectory became a true haven, and the Clarences tried hard to heal the wounds of loss.

Moira made a fitting return to her hostess. Even that meticulous housekeeper was pleased to admire the orphan’s industry, willingness to help in any capacity, and proper control over her emotions. If she cried when she lay alone in the narrow bed at night, surely that was to be expected. And forgiven.

As to her culinary abilities, the rector himself was moved to applaud her skill one evening as he finished off a plate of delectable crepes.

“Learned that from your mama, didn’t you, my dear?” he said, wiping his lips regretfully after the last luscious mouthful. “Your Grandpapa Duvall had a French chef, I have heard.”

Since Grandpapa Duvall had been the French chef in the senior Lovelace’s mansion, which was how Candace had met Herbert in the first place, Moira decided against replying to that question. Instead she took the opportunity to discuss her own future, inquiring whether the rector knew of any family that might need the services of a cook trained in the French style?

At that question, all the complacent good humor left the rector’s face, and he advised the girl against entertaining any such dangerous notions. “For, of course, you must go to your papa’s people, child! They are known and respected here in the south of England, and anything else would be . . . quite ineligible!”

Moira disagreed. When the small floral tribute from her father’s brother and his family arrived the day after the funeral, it had been accompanied by a stiff, grudging invitation to spend “a few days with her uncle and aunt, while they found a suitable position, perhaps as companion to an elderly female relative, or—if she proved qualified—as a governess to some of the family’s small children.”

Moira had been less shocked than Mrs. Clarence at this cold and businesslike formality. There had been no communication between Herbert and his brothers for years, the former having been given up by the rest of the Lovelaces as an embarrassing eccentric. Now, unwilling to discuss the coldhearted rejection her father’s family had displayed, Moira let the subject drop.

Then, three weeks after her parents’ burial service, she made up her mind. She had realized that she must leave the village—the county. Everyone was kind enough, but there was nothing for her here. The ladies in the great houses would be uncomfortable hiring as a servant a woman who had sat as a guest at their table. And as much as she appreciated the Christian benevolence of her hosts, she was of too independent a nature to accept charity forever. She was accustomed to looking after her impractical parents; she must now do something to support herself. It was clear to Moira that she must go elsewhere to find employment.

She informed Mrs. Clarence at breakfast the following morning that she would be leaving on the morrow to visit her mother’s cousin, Lili Hassleton, in London.

The rector and his wife were forced to accept her decision, impressed possibly by the size of the wreath that had been sent by the Hassletons to the funeral service—quite the largest wreath ever seen in the village. Mrs. Clarence was certainly influenced by the fact the Cousin Lili had sent a long, warmly condoling letter with the flowers, urging that Moira visit them in London. The girl, reading parts of this missive to her hostess, had not mentioned the qualifying phrase “after your year of mourning is over,” knowing that the rector’s wife would immediately recognize the tenuous nature of the invitation, and might even attempt to hinder her departure. Which must not happen.

Mrs. Clarence, in happy ignorance of the facts, spoke dreamily of a possible debut for her young friend. Moira shook her head firmly.

“I must not expect Cousin Lili to present me to the beau monde, ma’am! It would be quite ineligible!” She brought out the rector’s phrase roundly. “I have no dowry, no prospect of getting one, and I am wearing black gloves.”

The good woman was forced to concede the point, but she continued to argue that although there might be no social fuss made during the required year of mourning, still there would surely be many small informal occasions and family treats for Moira.

Tempted more than she dared reveal by that possibility, Moira said stoutly, “I shall hope to be of service to Maman’s cousin. Perhaps even to assist in dealing with the onerous duties facing the mistress of a large household—”

Mrs. Clarence honored this naiveté with the laughing comment that anyone who could send the most magnificent wreath South Littlefield had ever seen, could hardly be lacking an adequate staff of servants. The rector beamed his agreement.

Moira knew that much to be true. From the desultory exchange of news that had passed between the cousins, she had become aware that, unlike Candace, Lili Duvall had married prudently. Henry Hassleton was a successful merchant, who, having amassed an enormous fortune in trade, had now an avid desire to enter the rarefied atmosphere of the beau monde in the only way available to a merchant: he was determined to become the lord mayor of London!

To this end he had lately purchased a showy mansion in Queen’s Square, stuffed it with many servants, and—at great expense!—a butler who knew how to present his employers properly. Henry and his Lili were now trying to break into society with every trick and ploy at their command.

Lili, basically good-hearted and sensible beneath the pretentious facade Henry had urged her to assume, had kept up a faithful if random connection with her cousin Candace—mostly to boast of Henry’s achievements, but there were also loving notes and costly gifts for birthdays and Christmases. Faced with the unpleasant choice of foisting herself upon either her father’s reluctant family or her mother’s loving, if position-hungry relatives, Moira had chosen the latter.

And she was not about to wait out a year on charity in South Littlefield, or alone and penniless in London! She would probably starve to death! The lawyer’s letter acknowledging the announcement of Herbert Lovelace’s death had made it clear that Papa’s allowance would no longer be available for his daughter, who would shortly be suitably established as companion for an elderly great-aunt.

The rector, less prepared than his wife for Moira’s sudden announcement, began to object to her decision; then, catching a minatory look from Mrs. Clarence, he changed course and agreed that it might be sensible for the girl to accept the kind invitation from her mama’s affluent cousin.

“You know that Mrs. Clarence and myself wish only the best of things for you, Moira,” he said with a good deal of honest sentiment. “Having known you from a babe-in-arms, and valued your dear papa’s sterling scholarship! As well as your mama’s—ah—charm,” he concluded with a quick glance at his wife. But she was nodding agreement, and the sentimental moment was safely over.

That evening, while they were enjoying a tasty farewell dinner, the good man rose to his feet and presented Moira with a small packet. “I know you ladies have always a pound or two tucked away in your reticules for emergencies,” he began jocosely. How shocked he would be, thought Moira, if he knew how pitifully few pounds I actually have!

The Reverend Clarence was going on, “However, you really must permit my wife and me to give you this small token of our friendship and the esteem in which we have always held you!” and he handed her a ticket for the stagecoach trip to London.

The following morning, much heartened by the Clarences’ practical gift and by the excellent breakfast that her hostess had insisted she eat before departing, Moira mounted the London coach as it stopped briefly in South Littlefield. The village had never looked better than it did now when she was leaving it. The small cottages, the pretty gardens, the ancient gray stone church, all were gilded by the newly risen sun. Moira took it as a good omen, and greeted her fellow travelers with a cheerful smile.

“Good morning!” she said brightly. “Is it not a lovely day?”

No one replied.

There was a long, unpleasant pause. Moira had never ridden a stagecoach before, and for a moment she wondered if she had broken an Unwritten Rule for Travelers: THOUS SHALT NOT SMILE AT THY FELLOW PASSENGERS; NEITHER SHALT THOU BID THEM A GOOD MORNING. Still buoyed up by the novelty and excitement of leaving the village for the first time in her life, Moira determined that no rebuff, no petty setback, should be permitted to destroy her pleasure in this Great Adventure.

She glanced around at her glumly silent companions. The coach was crowded. She had taken the only empty space, a corner near the window on the forward-facing seat. Next to her sat a farmer’s wife in her Sunday best dress and shawl, who was all too redolent of her husband’s business. Beyond her was a heavyset female in somber black garments. Across from her on the rear-facing seat was a man so like her, in build and costume, that he might have been her twin. Next to him, lounging at ease, was a tall, slender man wrapped in a military-looking cloak, a plain black hat pulled low over his darkly weathered face. A soldier home from the war? wondered Moira, noting with interest the excellent quality of the high leather boots he wore, and wondering what he looked like underneath the broad-brimmed hat.

With something of a shock, she realized that she herself was being just as intently scanned from beneath the hat brim by a pair of keen gray eyes. And then there was a flash of white teeth in the tanned face, and the eyelids closed lazily, ending the scrutiny and leaving Moira feeling subtly challenged and a little breathless. Hastily she moved her gaze to the next passenger, directly opposite herself. This last passenger was a thin cleric who wore an air of pious resignation like a robe of office.

The stagecoach driver was shouting and lashing at his team now as he attempted to build up speed for the long hill called Johnson’s Rise. In spite of all his efforts, the straining animals moved more and more slowly as they approached the crest of the hill. And then, inexorably, the heavily loaded coach slowed to a halt . . . and began to slip backward through the thick, soft mud on the road.

The black-clad female added her shout of displeasure to the bellowing of the coachman. Some of his curses, clearly audible within the coach, brought a pained grimace to the cleric’s pale countenance. Still the vehicle continued to slip backward down the hill; the horses fought against the heavy drag of the vehicle, and the coachman rudely invoked several unfamiliar deities.

The downward drag halted; the horses strained; the whip cracked. Slowly the heavy vehicle surged forward a few feet—and then slid back again. Catching the cleric’s eye, Moira ventured a smile.

“Our drive reminds one of Sisyphus, does he not?” she murmured.

The clergyman frowned. “Sisyphys?” he repeated with pedantic primness. “He who was condemned to roll a heavy stone endlessly up a hill, only to have it roll back every time?” The repressive tone of his voice made it clear that he did not approve of young females who flaunted classical knowledge more fittingly reserved for males. “I apprehend that you refer to the Greek myth of Sisyphys, Miss—uh—I am afraid I do not know your name.”

“We shall have to call you Myth Sisyphys,” came a mocking voice from beneath the black hat brim.

Reprehensibly, Moira giggled.





Chapter Two



The crowded stagecoach jolted and swayed along the muddy road to London throughout a seemingly endless day. The disgruntled passengers had early resigned themselves to a miserable journey. It seemed to them that everything that could possibly have gone wrong with the wretched vehicle had done so, from a broken trace to a lost wheel. As a result of the recurring mishaps, the driver was several hours behind his regular schedule, and with a freshly harnessed team from the last posting-house, was straining every effort to make up lost time.

Moira was finding the endless, peevish complaints of her fellow travelers almost unendurable. She had not allowed herself to whine or complain as all the others, with the exception of the slender man, had been doing. Such self-indulgence could only weaken the shield of courage she had been building around herself since the tragedy of her parents’ death. And then, when Moira felt she could not endure one more whining complaint, the cleric took a hand.

“I am the Reverend Joshua Trembly,” he began in a didactic manner. “I must remind you that you enjoy the blessings of continued life and freedom from major injury. Should we not be giving thanks for these mercies? After all, we are only three hours from our destination, and there is surely nothing more that can happen to delay us—”

While his stunned hearers were wondering how to ward off the disasters such a statement would inevitably bring down upon them, the coachman, springing his horses dangerously as he rounded a sharp curve in the road, was confronted by a shocking scene. He pulled up his team so sharply that the heavy coach slewed diagonally across the road. Ignoring the screams of fear and the angry shouts from the battered passengers, Tom Coachman and his groom stared aghast at the scene of carnage before them.

A magnificent carriage had been stopped in the middle of the highway. Four men, not too clearly discernible in the fading light, were fighting a bloody battle in the road. One body, from its ornate livery obviously that of the carriage’s coachman, was slumped over in the high seat. Another liveried servant had fallen near the heads of the nervous, high-bred horses. All this, Moira, from her unexpected vantage point at the window of the side-slewed coach, had taken in with one quick glance. Then her attention was caught by the central actor in the bloody conflict.

He was quite the most splendid figure of a man Moira had ever beheld. The elegance of his costume was obvious even in the dusk. He was backed against his carriage, defending himself with a slender dress sword. His three assailants were attacking him with clubs and knives. At first glance it seemed to Moira that the attacked gentleman had no chance in the world to survive. Blood flowing from his face, his clothing ripped by the knives, the defender still made shrewd use of his feet and the fist that was not holding the épée.

Moira leaned forward and swung open the door nearest her, crowding the thin cleric as she did so. There was an instant outcry from her fellow passengers.

“Wat’n’ell d’ye think yer abaut?” bellowed the burly farmer’s wife. “Shut t’damn door!”

“Do you wish to see us all killed?” shrieked the black-clad female. “Coachman, drive on!”

The dialogue was resolved before Moira had a chance to answer or protest. From the shadowed woods by the side of the road came a blast of flame. Someone had fired a shot at the stagecoach!

This was followed by a command from the wood. “On your way, coachman! This is none of your business!”

The voice, though loud and rough, spoke with a cultured accent that surprised Moira. However, she had no time to puzzle out the inconsistency, as the frightened coachman, now reminded of his Duty, gathered the reins and prepared to edge his vehicle past the scene of battle—which, as Moira noticed, had proceeded without pause during the brief confrontation.

At that moment one of the burly attackers swung his club and connected with a dull crunch on the beleaguered hero’s skull. The victim fell back against the carriage, beginning to slide down onto the road. The stagecoach driver shouted to his team, and the coach slid past the carriage.

The unpalatable fact became clear to Moira that the driver was going to obey the command of the unknown villain lurking within the shadows of the wood and abandon the embattled hero to perish in the uneven conflict! Without a single thought for her own safety, or for the gross impropriety of her behavior, Moira swung the coach door wide and half leaped, half tumbled to the road.

“For shame!” she shouted over her shoulder as she staggered through the clinging mud toward the scene of battle. “You call yourselves men? To let black murder be done before your very eyes, and to drive by on the other side like—like the Levite?” she challenged, recalling the Reverend Clarence’s sermon last Sunday on the Good Samaritan in time to make her point.

“She’s mad! . . . Get along, Coachman! . . . We shall all be murdered!” Wails and shouts for a speedy departure rose like a chorus from within the coach. It is possible the coachman might even have heeded them and abandoned the bedlamite to her fate, had not his groom, braver or less intelligent, at this point drawn the shotgun from its case at the side of his seat and fired off a round at the attackers, who were milling about the victim’s body, kicking and thrusting.

More by luck than marksmanship, the groom peppered one of the bullies, who staggered away with a screech of pain.

For a moment there was complete silence.

Then another shot came from the woods. It was aimed at the foolhardy groom, and might have killed him had he not bent just at that instant to put another shot in his gun. The sounds and smells of flaming gunpowder, however, were an unbearable goad to both teams of horses, which immediately made the next few minutes hideous by rearing, stamping, and squalling. The groom fired off his second shot into the woods; the cleric descended slowly from the stagecoach, reluctantly prepared to help the foolish yet morally correct female. He was immediately followed by the man in the military cloak, who slid down and stood in the shadows assessing the situation.

There was a hoarse shout of command from the woods. Heeding the call, the attackers ran or stumbled or dragged themselves from the highroad into the trees. There followed the sound of horses crashing through the underbrush. The stagecoach driver looked toward his groom, ready to chide or praise depending upon how puffed up the lad was with his own valor. A broad grin lighted his face as the youth slid slowly from the seat in a dead faint.

Moira meanwhile had been hastening toward the victim of the murderous attack. She was horrified to observe, as she came closer, that not only was his face battered and bloodstained, but that a huge lump was rapidly swelling just above his forehead. She went on her knees beside the prostrate form.

“Ye gods! The brutes have killed you!” she cried, pulling her best linen handkerchief from her reticule. As she bent over to wipe the blood from his face, her eyes widened with surprise. For, though battered and bleeding the man’s face undoubtedly was, he was undeniably the most beautiful human being she had ever beheld.

“Apollo!” breathed Herbert’s daughter. “Adonis!”

The Greek god’s eyes opened with agonized effort at the sound of her voice. He blinked away blood, and stared hard into the face above him. Then a grimace of pain and hatred twisted his features. “A woman!” he snarled. “I might have guessed a woman planned this!”

And then, most unfairly denying Moira a chance to set him straight as to her complete innocence of the dastardly crime of directing the ambush—and furthermore, of her courageous decision, against rather heavy odds, to assist the victim of it—the ungrateful creature promptly fainted again!





Chapter Three



The driver of the stagecoach, having convinced himself that he had handled the emergency with aplomb, was now busy lighting the small lamps on his coach. And then I’ll help the nob’s groom to light his lamps, and we’ll see what the damage is. Now that the danger was safely past, Tom Coachman was perfectly willing to lend a hand to the no-doubt demoralized servants of the swell who’d gotten himself into this muddle. Urging his own dazed groom to assist, he lumbered about his task, loftily ignoring the complaints of his passengers.

Moira, torn between compassion for the wounded Adonis and annoyance at his ridiculous, unfounded accusations, became aware of presences at her shoulder. She was still crouched beside the unconscious man, using her clean handkerchief—the one her father had always laughingly called “for show” when he sent her out with two in her pocket—to wipe the blood gently from the beautiful countenance. She peered rather anxiously up at the newcomers.

One was the lean cleric, looking grim and determined. He was already luxuriating in guilt, having almost convinced himself that, had he taken charge when first the young woman had opened the coach door, much of the carnage might have been avoided. He did not stop to wonder how or what he might indeed have done to avert a tragedy already well-developed before he arrived at the scene. Now he bent toward the foolhardy female and said, with the gentle manner prescribed for deathbed comfort, “ ‘In the midst of life we are in death.’ ” He sighed deeply. “Is there any use to offer you my assistance, miss? Is he—still alive?”

“Of course he is,” snapped the woman, “and he must have immediate help, not pious platitudes! Have you any skills as a healer?”

The Reverend Trembly was forced to admit that he had not. “Solace, perhaps? Comfort in his final minutes?”

Moira turned to the other hovering figure. It was one of Adonis’s servants, whose splendid livery was discernible in the light of the carriage lamps. “Well? Can you help your master?”

The fellow nodded. “We’ve got the lamps lighted, and I’ve moved Coachman inside. On the floor, I put ’im. ’E’s ’opped the twig. We got to get ’is lordship to Lunnon, miss. ’E’s took a rare drubbin’, ain’t ’e? If ye’ll move aside, miss, I’ll ’eave ’is lordship into the kerridge.”

Moira froze. Heave him in? Unconscious from the terrible blow on the head, cut and bruised, and with who knew what internal injuries? Turning to the cleric, she said, “It is necessary that someone accompany this injured man to London, to protect him from being battered about any further. Are you free to do so, sir?”

The Reverend Trebly frowned. Had the woman not been listening? Masculine firmness was needed, before the creature became quite hysterical! “His servants will see him safely to his home, miss,” he said repressively. “It is their bounden duty.”

At this strategic moment the unconscious man stirred, groaned, and fell silent again. That was enough for Moira. “Of course, Adon—this badly wounded man cannot be shuffled into a carriage with only a dead coachman for company, and allowed to jounce about and injure himself further during a long ride over these roads! The groom will be required to drive the carriage. Someone must accompany his lordship!”

When the cleric, affronted by her aggressive behavior, merely pursed his lips, Moira accepted her fate.

“Will you please ask the stagecoach driver to remove my portmanteau from the boot, sir? I shall see that Milord gets safely home.”

There was an outraged gasp from the cleric, and a “Bravo!” and a smothered laugh from the slender man in the military cloak, who now strode out of the shadows to stand beside the girl. Moira was pleased, in this tense moment, to have whatever support he was willing to give.

“Do you wish—that is, will you be kind enough to accompany us, and help me with Milord?” she asked a little breathlessly. She was well aware how far she had strayed from the behavior proper for a young lady. I should have been swooning at the sight of so much blood, she thought, or screeching at the mere possibility of having to convey a terribly wounded strange man through the night in the close confines of his carriage! With the poor dead driver and another very much alive, strange man for company! Instead of which . . . but Moira dared not admit, even to herself, how much this frightening adventure, and its victim, attracted her. I must be mad, she decided, and essayed a tentative smile at the steady-eyed man.

He surprised her. In a cultured accent even the lofty patronesses of Almack’s would have admired, he said gently, “I am Hilary—ah—Sly, at your service, ma’am. It is a sensible plan you propose, and a compassionate one. Milord’s family will be very grateful, I am sure.”

This judgment seemed to put a better face upon the whole ineligible scheme. Even the Reverend Trembly, while shaking his head disapprovingly, was compelled to agree that someone should accompany the injured man—although probably not Miss.

Ignoring his chiding stare, Moira swiftly assessed the problem. “His head is injured. That enormous lump—! We must get him into the carriage without jarring him, if possible.”

Sly proved himself a seasoned campaigner. With the groom’s assistance, he carefully removed the body of the coachman and stored it in the capacious boot. Then he helped Moira up into the carriage, straightened her soft cape about her, and made sure she was comfortably settled and ready to receive her wounded charge. Next, he and the groom lifted Milord from the road and gently eased him into the girl’s waiting arms. While Moira held the massive shoulders and cradled the bloodstained head against her breast, Sly mounted beside her and lifted Milord’s heavy thighs onto his own lap.

The movement attendant upon this operation brought the victim to his senses. Unfortunately, it was Moira’s intent, small face, close to his own and watching for any developments, that filled the wounded man’s vision.

“You, still?” he sneered weakly. “Do you enjoy seeing men suffer, Lucrezia Borgia? Are all beautiful women so evil?”

Although she was surprised at the thought that he found her beautiful—after all, how could he make a sensible judgment in the dark?—Moira was also angry at his persistent defamation of her character. However, this was neither the time nor the place to get into an argument, so she nodded to Sly. “I think we are ready now.”

There was a flash of that white grin from her companion who was regarding her admiringly. “Are you sure you are comfortable? He will soon become much too heavy for you, you know.”

As the elegant carriage jolted and swayed into motion, Moira glanced from the tanned, smiling face of the man who had come to her assistance to the limp, bloody, disheveled male in her arms.

“He is heavy,” she admitted honestly, “and I am worried about his health. Besides, I have never—that is—”

Sly gave his reprehensible chuckle. “Besides, you have never held a male body in your arms before, is that it? Do not worry, child, you are doing an excellent job.”

“There is more,” Moira said slowly. “He has mistakenly blamed me for his troubles. He said I had arranged the ambush, and that I was evil . . . a Borgia.”

“Had you indeed arranged the ambush?” asked her companion in an interested tone.

Moira’s voice swelled out indignantly. “Of course I had not! I had never set eyes on the creature until the stagecoach stopped and I saw—I saw—” Suddenly the whole adventure became a dizzying whirl of blood and pain and death in the girl’s head. And she swayed helplessly with the movement of the carriage.

Sly’s arm, strangely strong and hard for so slender a figure, at once moved to hold and steady her. His voice gave quiet reassurance. “Breathe deeply, ma’am. Here, I shall let the glass drop, and permit fresh air to come in. Shall I relieve you of your burden?”

The draft of icy air served to shock Moira back to her senses. “It was just a momentary lapse, sir. I am better now,” she said hastily. “Should you not close the window? The air is very cold, and will chill our patient. He is almost frozen as it is.”

Smothering a curse, Sly slid out of his own cloak and draped it over the unconscious man, arranging it to cover the girl’s shoulder also. Then carefully he took one of Adonis’s hands and began to chafe it. “He is cold,” Sly agreed. “And we are at least three hours away from the city.” He regarded the girl with admiration. “Before then, your arms will be badly cramped, I am afraid.”

“Then you must change places with me before I drop Milord, must you not? I shall cover you both with this cape of my mama’s, which is lined, I may tell you, with real sable fur.” Moira dredged up a gallant smile.

Catching the flash of it in the gloom, Sly stared very hard at the girl, and wished he had a better light. He’d been watching her with increasing interest during the day, admiring her calm poise in the face of the series of accidents that had quite overset the rest of the passengers. Who was this managing, self-confident little female? Had she indeed had a part in the attack? Was her air of warm concern merely a clever front to cover up a vicious scheme? In Sly’s line of work, he frequently encountered both men and women who were not what they seemed to be. Was this determined, capable young woman one of the trained agents he was commissioned to trace? If so, what connection could there be with this golden-haired nobleman, whom Sly had recognized as the Marquess of Donat, a leader of London society? Scanning the girl’s pale, attractive face through half-shut eyelids, Sly pondered the question.

Moira herself was experiencing most unusual sensations, aroused by the pressure of a heavy male head against her breast, and the scent of masculine skin that rose to her nostrils as the big body in her arms gradually became warmer.

The marquess was mercifully unconscious during the long drive to London.





Chapter Four



It was very late indeed by the time the carriage drew up before Milord’s London residence. The exhausted groom jumped down and ran up the stone steps to the massive front door, where he beat a noisy tattoo on the bronze knocker. The building was brightly lighted, it was evident that Milord had been expected these last several hours. The butler had the door open almost before the knocker sounded twice. There was a hasty exchange, and then the butler himself, followed by half a dozen footmen, ran down to assist their master into the house.

Sly took charge with quiet finesse. He suggested that the butler send a footman on the run to secure the services of Milord’s physician. He superintended the removal of the now-feverish patient from the carriage into his home, and the dignified disposal of the coachman’s body. Then, with a cautionary word as to the importance of protecting Milord’s head from further jostling. Sly prepared to return to the vehicle and escort the heroine to her residence.

On the way down the steps, he encountered Moira coming up. A reluctant grin made a white slash across his darkly tanned face.

“Is the Angel of Mercy not yet done with her duties?” he quizzed gently. “The wounded hero is in good hands, I assure you.”

Moira was too weary to quibble. “It is just that I shall not rest until I am certain he has survived,” she explained quietly. “I shall make no trouble, I promise.” She walked on, entering the large, beautiful hall just as a footman was about to close the door.

The fellow looked at her suspiciously, then shrugged, and permitted the poorly dressed female and her companion to enter. “The butler’ll be down in a shake,” he told them. It had occurred to him that these odd persons had perhaps rescued his master from the highwaymen, and were hanging about in hopes of a reward. He attempted to seat them on a carved bench near the door, but the female was having none of that.

“Lead me to your master’s rooms,” she commanded. “I wish to explain the nature of his injuries to some responsible person, and to be certain he is properly cared for.”

This piece of impertinence was enough to rouse the temper of any one of Milord’s superbly trained servants, but before the footman could give this saucy female a proper comeuppance, the knocker sounded again. Rolling his eyes, the footman went to answer it.

The doctor stood upon the threshold, a calm-appearing man, very well-dressed for the time of night. In fact, it was obvious he had been snatched away from a social function of some importance, as his first words made plain. “I hope this is a real emergency, and not one of the marquess’s games,” he said austerely. “I had to leave a houseful of guests to come here.”

Sly wasted no time in social amenities or excuses. “The marquess was attacked on the highroad by four ruffians who shot his coachman to death and would have murdered Milord had not this young lady left the safety of her own coach to help drive off the villains and bring Milord safely home,” he said quietly. “Your patient had a heavy blow to the cranium, a number of knife cuts, blows, and possible internal injuries. We felt it better not to disturb him more than was necessary to get him home.”

The doctor’s brows had drawn down heavily at this startling news. He looked from the remarkably self-possessed man to the exhausted girl. “Were either of you hurt in the—ah—melée?” he asked.

“Fortunately, no,” said Sly smoothly. “Your butler has my direction if more information is needed than can be gotten from Milord’s groom. I shall see this lady to her home as soon as she has assured herself that Milord is indeed safe and in good hands.”

The doctor, who wished to attend his patient with all haste, still cast a searching glance at the young woman. Not a lightskirt, he was sure. And by her costume, not one of the elegant ladies Milord normally escorted. But there was something about her, weary and bedraggled though she was. A certain quality. . . .

But Moira had changed her mind. This physician was competent; Adonis’s home bespoke wealth and the kind of care that wealth and position can command. Suddenly she was too tired to sit here longer, a dowdy woman in the midst of dazzling opulence. She turned to Sly.

“I am ready to leave now,” she said. “I am sure the doctor will know what to do.”

Hardly waiting for the footman to open the door, Moira walked away from her wounded Adonis.

Sly caught up with her at the foot of the stairs. The weary groom-driver had had enough sense to commandeer the services of one of his fellow servants to take his place at the reins; he knew what the commoners had done for his master that night and was determined that they should at least have a comfortable journey home. So it was that Moira mounted into the elegant carriage for the second time that night, having given the new coachman Cousin Lili’s address.

Sly, who had assisted her into the carriage, stood by the still-open door. “Does your hostess know you will be arriving so late? It is well after midnight, you know.”

“Oh, heavens!” gasped Moira. “I cannot foist myself upon her at this hour! What am I thinking of?” She leaned forward to attract the attention of the coachman.

Sly caught her arm. “I’ll speak to him for you. First you must tell me where you would prefer to go.”

“There is nowhere,” admitted Moira, half-distracted with weariness and indecision. “I expect I had best try to find a decent hostel, freshen up, and wait till a civilized hour to arrive at my cousin’s home. Of course I must not disturb them now!”

“Will you let me help you tonight?” asked Sly quietly. “You have acted with compassion and grace, and no one has bothered to thank you. My home is not, I am sure, as comfortable or as suitable as your cousin’s, but it will shelter you for the rest of this night, and give you a springboard from which to launch yourself into the whirl of London tomorrow.”

Sly made this odd speech with such a look of easy good humor that the exhausted girl found herself nodding agreement. The gross impropriety of spending a night in the home of a man she hardly knew did flash briefly through her mind, but she was too tired to worry. None of her family or friends would ever learn of this adventure, she was sure. Adonis, if he remembered her at all, would think of her as the female who had plotted the ambush, but luckily he did not know either her name or her destination. The Clarences were convinced she was by now safe in the home of her cousin. And the Hassletons were not expecting their guest to arrive until next year!

Moira heard herself chuckle at the surprise Henry Hassleton was about to receive. And then, relaxing into a pair of hard arms, she yawned hugely.

Sly, who had given the coachman his direction and climbed into the carriage during Moira’s cogitations, laughed softly as he gazed down at the girl he held so gently in his embrace. By the time the vehicle stopped again, Moira had fallen asleep. The grinning driver fetched her portmanteau from the boot and set it beside the narrow door of the tall house set in a long row of similar unremarkable dwellings. Bobbing his thanks for a generous pourboire, he waited until Sly had the door open and the sleeping girl safely inside before he drove off.

Moira woke up as Sly was setting her down on a couch in the small lounge, which, with a dining room, constituted the ground floor of his home. “Where are we?” she murmured drowsily.

Sly’s familiar chuckle sounded in her ear. “It is my lair, angel, where you will find every comfort your heart could desire—and no obligations.”

Moira’s eyes opened wide at this strange remark, and wider when she took in her surroundings—and her host, who was staring down at her with a curiously attractive smile. “But of course I must reimburse you for all you are doing, Mr. Sly—!” she began.

The man laughed warmly. “Are you Croesus? Midas? A nabob from India?” Sly chuckled at her bemused countenance. “In this wicked city, my child, you must be very careful what you offer to pay for—and whom you offer to pay!” The amusement faded from his face as he considered the tired little face turned so trustingly up to his. “You are a naive child, aren’t you? Who let you traipse off to the metropolis so casually? Do you have any money, fledgling?”

“I have three pounds,” said Moira importantly.

“Good God,” muttered Sly. He stared hard into her dazed, drowsy countenance, then straightened his shoulders as though taking on a burden. “Well, we shall discuss your wealth in the morning,” he said with his white, flashing smile. “Now, to bed with you, youngling! And since I do not sport a large staff of servants, it seems I must be butler, housekeeper—and lady’s maid.”

With that, he swung the slight figure easily up into his arms and strode up two flights of stairs before taking her into a small, neat bedroom. He deposited Moira on the single bed, lighted a lamp, and stared, frowning, around the room.

“The commode is there, child, with a basin and a pitcher full of water. Cold, but you haven’t the energy to take a bath tonight anyway. Can you get out of those clothes by yourself?”

“No,” said Moira honestly. “I would rather just go back to sleep now, if you please.”

Sly made a sound between a groan and a laugh. Then throwing aside his own cloak, he carefully removed Moira’s muddied cape, unbuttoned and removed her redingote, and stretched the girl’s docile figure gently on the bed. Next he removed the pair of boots that Mrs. Clarence had given the girl, which were much too tight, muttering a curse when he saw the swollen reddened, small toes. Gently he draped a woolen blanket over the already-sleeping girl, and then stood staring down at her.

“What am I going to do with you?” he murmured.

Moira was too deep in exhausted slumber to hear him.





In a more fashionable section of London, Dr. John Ernest, was also staring down at an unconscious figure in a bed. The Most Honorable the Marquess of Donat, his cuts and bruises bathed and anointed with curative pastes, his head bound in soothing cold compresses, was resting quietly. Dr. Ernest intended to maintain his vigil until the nobleman came naturally out of the stupor into which the blow and the subsequent pain had plunged him. Then, when Adam Donat was conscious and aware again, there would be tests to be made, and medicines given . . . and hopes that the blow to the head had done no more than temporary damage!

“I wonder who did this to you?” mused the doctor. He was well aware that his noble patient had as many enemies as he had friends. Men whose mistresses or sweethearts Adonis had casually stolen with merely a slow, smiling glance from his thickly lashed violet eyes naturally hated the golden man; rash souls who had taken umbrage at his arrogance and challenged him on the field of honor had for the most part to recuperate from their wounds at country estates or across the Channel.

Superb lover, superb swordsman, wealthy and titled and handsome beyond belief, everything had been too easy for the young marquess, who had fallen heir to his enormous estates at the age of fourteen. The dowager marchioness, his grandmother, a much-feared power in the beau monde, had done her formidable best to keep the lad on an even keel, but the adulation and greed of the ton, plus the youth’s amazing beauty, had brought her efforts to naught. Adonis was arrogant, spoiled, willful—and the unquestioned leader of male London society, whenever he cared to assume the role.

Yet finally, mused Dr. Ernest, some enemy had found a way to take revenge. But who? Foolish even to ask. More than enough motive; and so far, no clues. Well, he would wait until his patient was capable of coherent thought and speech, and then ask the questions. The officers at Bow Street had been notified. The coroner’s men had come to take away the body of Milord’s coachman. The groom who had survived had told his tale. Because if it, the driver of the stagecoach and his hotheaded groom would be questioned.

As he stared down at his patient’s swollen, bruised face and bound head, Dr. Ernest was grateful that a period had not been put to the life of the beautiful young man. Could that lean, dark fellow he had met in the entrance hall have been correct? Had the plainly dressed girl been a factor in saving Milord’s life? Shaking his head, Dr. Ernest prepared for a long vigil.





Chapter Five



Moira woke to the tantalizing smell of coffee. Opening her eyes, she stared around the unfamiliar room. Then her glance caught the large mug on the table beside the bed, from which was arising the fragrant steam.

“Oh!” sighed the girl, reaching, grasping blissfully sipping.

“Oh, indeed,” a deep male voice sounded from the doorway. “You have adopted town ways very quickly, madam! Sleeping until noon! Coffee brought to your bedside! What next, one wonders? Will I be required to maid you?”

Turning toward the voice so rapidly as almost to spill the coffee, Moira beheld a person whom she recognized at once as the steady-eyed man in the stagecoach. Who had helped her deliver the stricken Adonis safely to his London mansion, her mind added quickly; and who had brought her to his own home when she needed a refuge. A warm, sweet smile quite transformed her small, sleep-softened face.

“My benefactor!” she sighed dramatically—and then chuckled.

Sly’s eyebrows rose almost to meet his black hair. Then a grin of pure pleasure softened his rather harsh features. The little female had a sense of humor, and he was neither coy nor hysterical over her unusual situation. A treasure indeed! He prepared to learn more. Adopting a stern tone much at variance with his laughing eyes, he said, “If I am to hire on as your abigail, ma’am, I must know certain factual facts. Namely, your name—”

This nonsense was greeted with a delightful gurgle of laughter, as the girl drained the last of the fragrant brew and replaced the mug on the table.

“I should think your first requirement would be to find out if I can afford your services,” she teased.

“Oh, but I know you have the wealth of the Indies at your command,” jested the man. “All of three pounds, in fact! Which will get you a much-needed pair of shoes and pay your hackney fare to your cousin’s home—just barely.”

At once the smile faded from Moira’s face, and she stared soberly at the man in the doorway. She drew a deep breath. “Perhaps you had better leave me while I wash and dress. May I meet you . . . downstairs, in fifteen minutes, sir?”

“I cannot believe that any female could accomplish the task in so short a time,” teased the dark-haired man, turning away at once and closing the door behind him.

Moira’s sigh of relief was a prelude to fast, competent action as she washed, tidied her hair with a brush thoughtfully supplied by her host, and donned her wrinkled redingote. Carrying the cape and shoes, she went down the stairs to the ground floor, where a smiling Sly awaited her.

“The dining room is there”—pointing—“but I am lacking the services of my chef at the moment. I thought we might eat breakfast in the kitchen, which is one floor farther down.” He led the way down a narrow, twisting stairway without looking to see if she was following.

At his shoulder, Moira said, “I really cannot envision your French chef puffing up this most inconvenient stairway three or four times a day, bearing heavily laden trays! You must pay the fellow a fortune as great as mine!”

Would she never cease to amuse him? Grinning, Sly led the way into a small kitchen that seemed little used. However, two heaped plates of food sat on the heavy wooden table, steaming temptingly.

Settling into a chair, Moira asked, “You cooked this? Perhaps I should hire you as my chef, rather than my abigail.”

“Don’t make me an offer until you’ve tasted it,” her companion advised her, wielding his own knife and fork in yeoman fashion.

“I suppose I should warn you,” announced the girl, picking up her fork, “that my very own grandpapa was chef to a noble house, and that his skills run in the family.” She glanced at Sly provocatively.

“Then you should have made breakfast,” retorted Sly. A satisfying interval later, the two observed each other across the empty plates.

“Good, wasn’t it?” boasted the man. “Now suppose we clear up the mysteries,” and his expression was pleasant but determined.

“I suppose we must,” agreed Moira. It had been a delightful interlude, this thoroughly preposterous adventure with an unknown man. “I am Moira Lovelace, orphaned daughter of Herbert and Candace, and I am on my way to—seek shelter with my mother’s cousin, Mrs. Henry Hassleton.”

Perhaps it was the slight hesitation as she spoke that caused her companion to regard her sharply. “Does your mama’s cousin know you are coming?” he asked.

“She knows,” asserted Moira, and then added honestly, “but perhaps not exactly . . . when.”

“So, she is not expecting you,” said Sly sternly.

“She invited me, when she heard that my parents were—killed,” Moira protested. “It was a most urgent and loving invitation!”

“But—?” demanded her interrogator.

“But Cousin Lili added, ‘as soon as your year of mourning is over,’ ” confessed the girl.

“And that will be—?” Sly persisted grimly.

“In eleven months,” whispered Moira. “You see, I had to come,” she hurried to explain. “My uncle’s lawyer, who was charged with forwarding papa’s allowance every month, informed me, when he learned of Papa’s death, that no further moneys would be sent. I could not find work in the county, and I could not accept charity any longer! You can see that I would have starved if I had waited eleven months to take up Cousin Lili’s kind invitation,” she finished with a twisted smile.

Sly smothered a groan of frustration. “I should like to offer you a position here in my household—as you see, my present chef is notable for his absence, and you tell me that cooking runs in your family. On the other hand,” he added, noting the hopeful smile that had appeared on Moira’s face, there are reasons—very valid reasons—why I cannot keep you here—” He stopped her attempt to protest with an uplifted hand, adding with a smile, “—much as I might wish to! I have a very important assignment at the moment, one that requires extreme privacy, and my employer would never countenance my bringing a young lady into the middle of it.” Then, unable to bear the disappointment in the girl’s face, he added quickly, “That is not to say that I could not find you some respectable and satisfying work in London, if it proves necessary to do so! But first we must consider all the possibilities. Scout the territory! Discover whether your mama’s cousin will receive you,” he explained, at the girl’s inquiring look.

“Oh, have you been to the New World?” inquired Moira. “I have heard that there is a good deal of scouting being done there.”

“As well as a vast deal of territory,” grinned the man. “No, my present work is not in North America.” He regarded the small, glowing face turned up to his with more emotion that he wished to feel. Rising abruptly, he said, “To our task, Miss Lovelace! The sooner we discover your cousin’s response to your arrival, the better!” He stared at Moira for a long moment. “It is essential that Mrs. Hassleton never become aware that you have spent the night, however decorously, in my home. No mention of me, in fact, should be made.”

“But surely I shall have to tell someone what I know of the attack upon Adonis?” began Moira. “And you played an important part in the rescue. I could not have done it without you.”

Sly interrupted. “Your Adonis is the Marquess of Donat. His name is Adam Donat. Because of his—beauty, he is naturally called Adonis in the world in which he lives and moves and has his being.”

“You do not approve either of the marquess or of his world,” said Moira, surprising the man with her shrewd appraisal of his comment.

“I do not,” he said curtly. “I tremble to think of what those accomplished roués who are his companions would do to an innocent such as yourself.”

Moira frowned at him. “Do to me? But what opportunity will any of them have to do anything? I am scarcely likely to meet any of them—”

“I understood you to say that Adonis had charged you with planning the ambush. I am afraid he may seek revenge.”

“But that is absurd!” Moira cried. “I shall only have to explain that I had never seen nor heard of him before our stagecoach came upon the scene last night—”

“I hope he may believe you,” Sly said grimly. “He is completely spoiled, self-willed, believing only what it suits him to believe. He may decide to arrange for your punishment without even discussing with you your role in the attack.”

Moira stared at him with horror.

“You describe a monster, sir!” she protested. “Surely so—so . . .”

“So beautiful a human being must have a beautiful mind and soul within that glorious body?” mocked the man, his eyes hard with disgust.

Moira looked at him, not aware that his obvious disgust was for the roué’s behavior, not for her naïveté. Her own dismay and disappointment at this abrupt reversal of friendly relations was clear to see. Sly, aware of his obligation to his employer, could not permit himself to heal the breach; this little female could become much too important to him—and that must not be permitted at this stage of his work! So he said nothing.

At length Moira said quietly, “I should like to wait upon Mrs. Hassleton now, Mr. Sly. If you would be good enough to get me to a hackney?”

Sly shrugged and preceded her out of the kitchen. So much for fun and friendship! Well, what had he expected? She was plainly infatuated with the dissolute nobleman! Of course, he would have to let her rush upon her fate, whatever it might be. His own affairs were too important to the government at this moment to permit of distractions. A naive country mouse was no business of his! But as he stumbled up the narrow staircase from the kitchen, he discovered that it was not so easy to dismiss this particular mouse from his mind. She was an innocent, but she was also a warmhearted, caring woman. And she had no idea of what Adonis and his ilk could do to her.

With a groan he realized that he would have to accept the burden—keep an eye on the valiant mouse—and make whatever explanations were necessary to his employer!

Out of long habit, he had observed Miss Lovelace and the rest of the passengers in the stagecoach during that exasperating journey. He had formed his own opinion of the girl’s character and personality. He now accepted the fact that Moira had never met the marquess, but she had called him by the half-admiring, half-mocking name society had given its most dazzling member. Had one of Donat’s many enemies planned some scheme in which Moira was to play an unsuspecting part? To the knowledgeable Sly, such an elaborate ploy was hardly justified. What had the plotter intended the girl to do? The stagecoach was not even supposed to be passing through those woods at that time! And Sly could testify to the unplanned nature of the various accidents that had befallen the wretched vehicle, delaying its progress.

If there was anything Sly was very sure of, it was that this young woman was quite unfit to deal with the bored, sophisticated, spoiled nobleman she seemed to regard as a helpless victim of cruel attackers. Her open countenance, made striking only by a pair of the loveliest, most innocent brown eyes he had ever seen, would surely not be judged capable of seducing a man who had his choice of the greatest beauties in Europe! Miss Lovelace’s manners were those of a gentlewoman, but she was too ingenuous, and lacked the calm arrogance of your true woman of the world. Sly was forced to accept that the girl was indeed no other than she claimed—an orphan on her way to find sanctuary with her mother’s cousin. His duty, then, he decided with great relief, was to get her there safely.

And as for watching over her lest she run afoul of the wicked marquess? Well, he would have to see about that!





Chapter Six



“Miss Lovelace,” Pomfret announced, holding open the door of the parlor, where Mrs. Hassleton was despairingly shuffling an enormous pile of envelopes on an ornate desk.

Cousin Lili rose, a small, charmingly curved woman with snapping black eyes, wearing an elegantly simple day dress. She glanced sharply at her visitor and then uttered a shriek of joyous surprise as she swept forward to take Moira into an emotional Gallic embrace.

“Je suis enchantée de te voire!” she exclaimed, her happiness at the meeting obvious. She kissed Moira on both cheeks, scanning the pale, weary little face with shrewd dark eyes. “All my condolences on your bereavement, ma pauvre p’tite! Soon we shall speak a little of your beloved parents, and then we shall discuss your future, but for now—welcome! Bienvenue!”

With an arm around the girl’s shoulders, Lili spoke to the hovering butler. “This is my cousin Candace’s daughter, Pomfret,” she explained. “What would that make her, do you know? My niece?”

Pomfret appeared pleased at the opportunity to instinct his mistress. “If she is of the collateral rather than the linear branch of your family, madam,” he began with pompous relish, “it would make her your second cousin, while if she is of the linear—”

“Enough, Pomfret, Je vous en prie!” exclaimed Lili gaily, “I shall call her Cousin Moira! Anything else is too complicated for me . . . especially at this moment!” and she peered, half ruefully, half guiltily, at the untidy heap of envelopes that was sliding off the desk.

Pomfret gave the messy pile of correspondence on the carved table a knowing glance. “RSVPs, madam?”

Lili Hassleton groaned. “I shall never get to the end of them, there are so many! And I fear I may have gotten some of the names on the wrong lists!” She turned to Moira. “You know! Yeses in the No column. Quel désastre!”

It was already becoming clear to Moira that her volatile cousin could use some help. “Oh, Cousin Lili, do let me take over that task for you! I would be so grateful for the chance to repay in some small way your many kindnesses to Maman!”

Both her hostess and the butler stared at her. Pomfret had privately admitted to some pretty strong reservations when the girl had presented herself to his notice a few minutes earlier. A poor relation, come to hang on the master’s sleeve had been his first judgment as he confronted the visitor in the Hassletons’ ornately furnished front hall. The obvious value of the fur-lined cape she wore had done something to mitigate the utter unsuitability of the rest of Miss’s costume. Crumpled, dowdy—and muddy! Her speech, however, in asking for an audience with Mrs. Hassleton, had displayed the proper educated accent, and her voice was low and cultured. If indeed the girl could serve some useful purpose within the household, she might prove to be an asset rather than a liability. Still, it could not be denied that she presented a sadly tag-and-rag appearance. Not quite the thing, in spite of the fur-lined cape. His stern glance directed his mistress’s attention to the condition of that garment.

Catching the direction of the butler’s gaze, Mrs. Hassleton scrutinized the slender figure before her. Her eyes widened. “Your manteau, ma p’tite! It is covered with mud!”

“There was an accident,” began Moira, reluctant to get involved in a lengthy narrative and difficult explanation in front of the imposing butler. Perhaps just a hint of the spectacular would alert Cousin Lili to the fact that this was hardly a topic to be discussed before the servants. “Our coach came upon a carriage being held up by highwaymen. One man was dead—!” She uttered a carefully calculated, sobbing gasp. “Oh, Cousin Lili, I was so frightened!”

“Poor little one, you must come up to my boudoir tout de suite! Pomfret, coffee at once for Mademoiselle! And be sure a bedroom near mine is prepared at once for the child.”

Pomfret was already disappearing toward the servants’ quarters, a footman at his shoulder, as Cousin Lili, her arm around Moira’s slender waist, led the girl up the grand, curving staircase, across a noble landing from which two corridors debouched, and up a second flight almost as imposing as the first.

“The best bedrooms are here,” Lili informed her guest with a pride that Moira found very touching. Guiding her along a wide hallway, Lili flung open a handsome door, revealing a room of almost overpowering elegance. Moira’s eyes widened, and she breathed a soundless Oh! Her cousin watched the girl’s reaction with a gamine grin. “Mon boudoir!” she announced. “Pretty fancy for an apothecary’s daughter, n’est-ce pas?” She giggled. “If your grandpapa had not been so fixed upon the idea of becoming a chef, you might be living in equal splendor now.”

Moira was forced to chuckle. “Never, Cousin Lili! Even if Maman had inherited a fortune, my papa would have managed to mislay it—or spend it all on rare and expensive books! He was a scholar, quite uninterested in anything outside his beloved volumes.”

“Besides being a fifth son,” added Cousin Lili, but not unkindly.

The arrival of the coffee tray at that moment proved a welcome diversion for Moira. She did not have to pretend enthusiasm for the fragrant brew that the butler poured for the ladies. Pomfret himself had brought up the coffee, since he had no intention of missing whatever developments were to occur. He had also warned the housekeeper to attend Madam and her guest. Mrs. Plum, flanked by two maids, was at the door almost before Moira had finished her first cup of the fragrant beverage. The housekeeper immediately assigned young Annie to wait upon Miss Moira, to everyone’s satisfaction, and then Mrs. Plum inquired at to Miss’s luggage.

The second of the maids was sent down to retrieve the portmanteau from the front hall. Cousin Lili demanded that it be opened at once, and became quite French at the paucity and poor quality of the garments displayed to her shocked gaze.

“But, of course—the fire!” she reminded herself and the servants. “Miss Lovelace has lost everything!” She hugged Moira remorsefully, and kissed her again. “Ma pauvre p’tite; we shall go to the best modiste in town as soon as you have recovered from the bouleversement of the highway robbery. We must pick up a few pretty costumes to replenish your wardrobe until Camille has time to make you some proper clothing”—and then hastily tucking a much-mended chemise out of sight—“including some really attractive undergarments!” Flushed with pleasure and excitement, she noted the girl’s embarrassed reluctance. “We owe it to your dear maman,” she concluded, firmly. “And you are going to take over my wretched correspondence, are you not?”

Two hard-to-refuse reasons for her cousin’s benevolence, Moira realized, but she did gently remind her warm-hearted cousin that she was in mourning.

This objection was tossed aside as being quite beneath discussion. Cousin Lili informed her that Camille would have all that was correct for the sad situation in which Moira found herself.

“Since you intend taking on the onerous duties of my social secretary,” Lili reminded her, “it is necessary for my consequence in the beau monde that you present an appearance completely à la mode!”

Both Mrs. Plum and Annie were nodding hearty agreement. Moira therefore surrendered to the universal goodwill with grateful thanks and a few tears. This evidence of sensibility was taken very well by her audience. Annie promptly began to blubber, and Cousin Lili was forced to wipe away a tear of her own as she embraced her young cousin.

Into this admittedly mawkish scene intruded a heavy male voice. “What is going on?” demanded Mr. Henry Hassleton, appearing in the still-open doorway. He surveyed the woman suspiciously. “Has something gone wrong about the dress you commissioned for tonight’s dinner? You know how important this evening is to me, Lili!”

“Nothing is wrong, chéri,” his wife assured him, at once all business. “The dress will be excellent, as I promised you, and the food superb! This is my little cousin, Moira Lovelace, who has come to live with us.” She smiled at the girl. Then, before the frown that was gathering on her husband’s heavy features could affront to frighten their guest, she added, “Moira will be dealing with all the social correspondence I have found so confusing. You know you promised me a secretary! Moira will be dealing with all the social correspondence I have found so confusing. Moira has been well-trained in all the social skills by her dear mother. You do recall Candace Duvall Lovelace, who married one of Sir Giles Lovelace’s sons?”

Mr. Hassleton had only the vaguest knowledge of the family from which his wife’s cousin had come, his Lili not wishing to puff off her connection to a chef, no matter how skillful. Certainly she had relayed no information as to the exact position of Herbert in his family’s hierarchy. The scent of a title, however minor or distant, was most definitely appealing to a merchant with large ambitions, and Henry regarded his wife’s guest with a more kindly eye. Lili introduced them.

Grateful for her cousin’s kindness, Moira greeted her host with all the charm she was capable of. Since that was a good deal more than she herself was aware of, Henry Hassleton fell a reluctant victim—as had Sly before him.

“Come to help Lil’ with her paperwork, have ye, then?” he asked in less harsh tones. He was convinced that his wife had played a clever little game behind his back to get out of a task she loathed. “Well, I suppose I must permit Mrs. Hassleton to win this trick. She’s purely hopeless at the invitations, is Lili! I can only hope you’re better at the job than she is.”

Frowning, he surveyed the crumpled, mud-stained little female his wife had foisted upon him. “You’re Lili’s cousin, are ye? What’s your name again?”

Having been informed of this detail for the third time, he grunted a welcome.

This grudging acceptance quite depressed Moira’s confidence, but she went bravely up to her host and gave him her hand. Her forthright action softened the merchant’s original distrust slightly, and he gave her a kinder look. His French wife, who had long regarded most of the English as a cold, unloving race, planted a kiss on Moira’s cheek before she took her husband’s arm and led him firmly from the room.

“Allons, mon mari! The child must unpack and refresh herself before luncheon, and you must tell me what you wish to do about several important invitations that occur on the same evening.

Delighted at this evidence of his social success, Henry allowed himself to be led away.

With the eager assistance of Annie, Moira settled her few belongings into the charming little bedroom Pomfret and Mrs. Plum had chosen for her. Annie was bubbling over with excitement at the thought of Miss Moira’s new wardrobe.

“Mrs. Hassleton’s got more style in her little finger than most of the swells in their whole heads! She’ll trig you out as fine as fivepence!”

“Does my cousin go about much in society?” ventured Moira. If that was true, perchance Moira might have the chance to discover how Adonis—the Marquess of Donat, she corrected herself—had recovered from the terrible attack.

Annie was frowning. “I ain’t so sure o’ that, miss. The servants do say our mistress ain’t part of the—uh—bong tong, if ye get my drift? Oh, there’s always plenty o’ invites, mind, but not the ones the master is hopin’ for.” She blushed and cast an apprehensive glance at Moira.

“I’m speakin’ out o’ turn, miss! It’s not my place to say such things. I do beg pardon!”

Moira soothed her distress. “No, Annie, you were answering my question honestly, which I hope you will always do. I cannot be of much help to my cousin if I do not know the true situation.”

As ever, Moira’s good common sense was coming to grips with the problem. Her keen mind and strong will were already planning strategies to deal with the challenge. The Hasseltons’ situation reminded her of the Conlays, who had moved into the neighborhood of South Littlefield a few years ago. Mr. Conlay had had a great deal of money, and had recently married a widow of a London solicitor, so the gossip went. The couple had tried for two years to wheedle their way into county society, but finally gave up and moved back to London.

Cousin Lili must not be exposed to such humiliating defeat. She and Henry were striving to gain a foothold in the most elegant, powerful, and arrogant group in England—and they were, unfortunately, certain to fail. The odds were too great. Even a country mouse knew that much! Merchants were not welcomed into the rarefied atmosphere of the nobly born. Moira recalled how the dinner-table gossip of South Littlefield had been enlivened by a story brought back by a traveler to London. It concerned a nabob, home from fabled India, who had expended thousands of pounds in a losing battle to be accepted by the beau monde. Taken up briefly as an amusing buffoon, a court jester, went the story, but never admitted into the fellowship of breeding and long-established fortune, the wretched fellow had been publicly snubbed, mocked, ostracized, and finally had retreated to the New World.

Moira clenched her fists. It appalled her to realize just what an agonizing setdown the Hassletons were inviting. Could she—could anyone—protect them from the disastrous results of their hunger to belong?

The girl shook her head. She would do her best to help the couple, for Lili’s sake. Then, if humiliation was inevitable, she would try to soften the blow; help them pick up the pieces; even possibly find new goals less devastating than a flight to America. It was her duty and would be her grateful repayment for Lili’s loving hospitality. And Moira was no raw recruit. Had she not managed house and household for her vague, unworldly parents since she was old enough to recognize clothes and dishes that needed to be washed, accounts that must be settled, hunger that must be fed—and social obligations that must be met? Setting her jaw with determination, Moira assumed responsibility for her overambitious relatives.

The first step must be to find out just what was involved in becoming lord mayor of London.





Chapter Seven



When Moira entered the breakfast room the following morning, she found an atmosphere of gloom and doom. Since she had not attended the dinner the previous evening, having successfully begged off on the double excuse of weariness and lack of suitable costume, she was unaware of the unfortunate outcome of her host’s ambitious plan. As she took in the worried frown on Cousin Lili’s expressive face, and the thunderous scowl on Henry’s, it was clear that the evening had not produced those results that Mr. Hassleton had anticipated.

Waiving away with loathing the newspaper that a footman was unwisely offering, Henry rose and stalked out of the room without so much as a word of greeting to his wife’s young cousin.

Pomfret, pouring hot tea and silently indicating the buffet laden with covered dishes of hot food, followed his master out of the room.

When Moira had made her selection and had seated herself across from Cousin Lili, the frowning woman sighed and made a very Gallic shrug.

“Hélas, ma petite! A thousand apologies for our gaucherie! Henry behaves comme un enfant gâté, while I do little better!”

Thinking that Henry made a formidable spoiled child Moira asked quietly, “How can I help, dearest Lili?”

“No one can help us,” her cousin advised darkly. “We are good as ruined, Henry says.” Then, surprisingly, she chuckled. “The dinner was a désastre!”

Relieved that the older woman could find some amusement in the situation, Moira begged to be given the details.

Lili smiled ruefully. “You would seek out a silver lining? Two of Henry’s most important guests did not come last night—to put it in a nut, as you English would say.”

“In a nutshell,” corrected Moira gently. She could offer no balm for the cruel arrogance of the snub. It was exactly what she had feared.

“Nut, nutshell! N’importe! What does matter is that Henry insisted upon waiting an hour for them. He was humiliated in front of his friends and all his fellow merchants who support his candidacy for the office of alderman.”

“Had the absentees declined the invitation, or were you expecting them?” persisted Moira. It was better to face the worst, and then consider what might be done to remedy matters.

“They had not done us the courtesy of replying,” Lili reported grimly. “Pomfret warned me they would not be coming when I discussed the seating arrangements at the dinner table with him. He told me that to ignore my invitation was as good—or as bad!—as a refusal.”

Worse, thought Moira. Not even the courtesy of regrets!

“I tried to warn Henry,” Lili was continuing. “He brushed it off. Said the stupid wives had forgotten to reply in time, as I often do. We might have known,” she concluded gloomily, “that no member of the peerage, however shiftless or sans gêne, would bother to boost the consequence of a cit!”

Moira, taking a steadying breath, dared greatly. “Dearest Lili, you have always been so wonderfully kind to Maman and me, can you let me speak freely now? Why is it so important for your husband to be accepted by the nobility? I assure you, from what little I have observed, that when such people are not insufferably arrogant, they are excruciatingly boring!”

Forced into a smile by this jaw-breaking mouthful of condemnation, Lili explained, “Henry is trying, the more fool he, to increase his consequence in the city. And all he has done is to lower it!”

Moira shook her head. “But he wishes to be elected as an alderman, does he not? On the way to becoming lord mayor?”

Lili sighed, “It is his dream.”

Moira said slowly, “Correct me if I am stupid, dear Lili, but I understand the aldermen are elected by vote of the citizens of each ward in the city of London.” (So much Annie had told her, answering her guarded questions the previous night.) “Whenever there is a vacancy, that is,” and she looked inquiringly at her mother’s cousin.

Lili pursed her lips. “You would say that these starched-up noblemen Henry is courting have little to say in the matter? I suppose this may be so. Yet to be seen to be on friendly terms with the Great Ones could do no harm! Or so Henry has said.” She continued to gaze consideringly at the girl. “You would say he should forget his absurd hopes of being shoulder-to-shoulder with the nobs, and pay attention to the freemen who will be doing the electing?”

Moira’s warm glance offered admiration of so sensible a notion. “Exactly, dear Lili! And for a start, let us plan another dinner very soon, before the canaille can whisper that our Henry was routed!”

Cousin Lili broke into a delighted chime of laughter. “Oh, I like you Moira! You have the true French esprit! As well as ‘good English guts’—as I have heard Henry describe it,” she finished with a naughty grin. Then, becoming all business, she went on, “We shall have a dinner party in one week, in honor of my charming cousin, newly arrived in the great city of London. There can be no faintest hint of politics or civic ambition in such an occasion! We shall ask only our good friends among the merchants, and their wives—and perhaps just one alderman and his wife.” Her shrewd black eyes had taken on a lively glitter at this chance for a recovery from the disaster.

Moira was delighted to witness it. “Have you a suitable alderman-and-wife in mind?” she teased.

Cousin Lili nodded once, decisively. “There is one such alderman’s wife who owes me a favor. Is there not an English saying: Gratitude is the lively appreciation of favors still to come? Yes, I think that lady will oblige me.”

In the face of so much assurance, Moira could only go along gracefully with the plan for a dinner in her honor. Useless to urge a more worthy cause for a celebration, especially while Lili had that cheerful, confident look of determination. They were in agreement, after all. They both hoped to save Henry from the fatal results of his own impractical methods of attaining civic recognition, by doing the job properly for him.





Later that morning, the invitations for the dinner party in her honor neatly written and dispatched, Moira found herself faced with that same huge, untidy pile of envelopes Cousin Lili had been trying to deal with on Moira’s arrival. There were not as many inhabitants in the whole village of South Littlefield as the number of persons who had penned these notes—or had required their secretaries to do so, the girl realized. Cousin Lili was right; there were too many invitations! Moira raised her large brown eyes to meet the ironic challenge in the older woman’s expression.

“I have sorted these into the days on which the function is to be held,” she explained carefully.

“An excellent beginning,” agreed her cousin, smiling wickedly.

“Do you really wish to attend all of these?” Moira asked uncertainly. “There are several for the same evenings!”

“But, of course,” said Lili, her gesture provocatively Gallic. “It is a sign of social favor to be harassed out of one’s mind by importunate hostesses!” And she giggled.

“You are enjoying all this a great deal too much,” said Moira. “If it is such a pleasure, why were you so desperate to have my help?”

“Oh, it is no pleasure to deal with the invitations,” her reprehensible cousin explained. “I myself am never sure which hostesses are de bon ton and which are encroaching mushrooms better given a sharp setdown—”

Moira gasped. “But I know even less about the social order in London than you do!” she wailed. “How can I make the correct choices when I know nothing about any of them?”

“There is that,” Cousin Lili agreed, smiling.

Moira eyed her sternly. Having transferred the problem to her young cousin’s shoulders, Lili was taking a casual attitude toward it. “Who would know?” the girl demanded. “Pomfret?”

Cousin Lili was impressed by the suggestion. “But, of course!” she breathed. “Pomfret knows everything! Let’s ask him.”

She pulled the bell-cord, and within a very short time the stately butler presented himself. Lili came straight to the point.

“Do you know which of these invitations we should accept?”

Pomfret considered his reply. He had scanned the franks and the return addresses on most of the notes before they were brought to Madam’s desk, and had a pretty sound idea. However, he appeared to reflect before he said, “I should need to see them to be sure, madam.”

Cousin Lili made an expansive gesture. “Look,” she invited.

There was silence in the ladies’ parlor for a good ten minutes while the butler scanned signatures. The look on Pomfret’s face depressed the watching women. When at length he laid down the last envelope, Lili said what all three were thinking.

“Not good, eh?”

Pomfret avoided a direct put-down. “There are a number from persons whose consequence would not add to Mr. Hassleton’s,” he said quietly. He dropped one invitation after another into the small beribboned wastebasket beside the desk. “This is from a jumped-up mushroom. This one is from a lady whose social ambitions far exceed her importance. And this one is from a woman whose sponsorship could only have a negative effect.”

“In short,” said Lili bitterly, “they are all hoping to ride on our coattails—while we are hoping to ride on theirs!”

Moira and Pomfret stared into Lili’s exasperated countenance. Then, irresistibly, both of them laughed. Lili, watching in disbelief, finally gave in and joined them.

Pomfret was the first to recover his poise. Never in his adult life had he so forgotten himself in the presence of any employer. He regarded the still-chuckling females with a certain benevolence. All very well to laugh, his glance seemed to say, but we have a real problem here!

Moira caught the meaning of his look first. Grasping at her self-control, she said, almost shyly. “Would you be willing to help us, Pomfret? To guide us?”

“To keep the Hasseltons from making greater fools of themselves than they have already done?” added Lili forthrightly.

The butler scanned the two charming faces. They were bound to get hurt no matter what he did. Perhaps it was his obligation to help them avoid the worst pitfalls. He nodded gravely.

“I can try, madam,” he replied quietly. “But I warn you, Mr. Hassleton will not be amused.”

“We shan’t tell him,” said Lili quickly.

“We really don’t need to,” added Moira, who had already formed a pretty shrewd appraisal of her host. He reminded her of Squire Rattray in the village, who was forever nagging at his poor wife and daughters to entertain the nobs and then bringing all their efforts to nothing by insulting the reluctant guests with his loud crudities, or boring them to death with his endless monologues.

Cousin Lili was speaking. “We’ve invited some of our better friends among the merchants to celebrate Miss Moira’s arrival in London. Also some pleasant younger couples, and an alderman and his wife. Miss Lovelace believes we should start slowly, and build.”

Pomfret was nodding approval. “Well thought of,” he said. “As I understand it, our purpose is to create an ambience of political and social good tone that may assist Mr. Hassleton toward his—ah—goal,” he ended, not sure how much the servants were supposed to know of their master’s overweening ambitions.

The grateful smiles with which the ladies greeted his tactful reference quite paid him for his restraint.

Moira went into action at once. “You have discarded the impossible invitations, Pomfret. Could you run through those that are left, and throw out all the doubtful ones? I’ll write polite notes to them later, saying we are desolated to miss their charming event—whatever it is!—but cannot fit it into our calendar.”

Pomfret’s smile acknowledged good strategy. “That will be correct,” he said, and sat down at the desk to sort rapidly through the remaining envelopes. Lili ran to lock the door of the parlor, so that neither master nor servant should interrupt the crucial work. Moira sat beside the wastebasket and quickly arranged all the discarded invitations according to date, the more efficiently to write the refusals.

When he finished his task, Pomfret rose with a pitifully few invitations in his hand. “These you may safely accept, madam,” and he handed them to Lili.

She stared with shock at seven envelopes.

“Actually, a very good beginning,” her mentor advised her. “All are respected names, and persons of goodwill. A solid foundation.”

With that, Lili had to be content—for the moment.

When Pomfret had departed to perform his regular duties, Moira beamed at her cousin. “Seven!” she waved the invitation triumphantly. “That is a whole week’s worth. A good start, as Pomfret says.”

Lili did not appear too happy. She shuffled them ruefully. “One formal ball. Two formal dinners. A rout. Three luncheons. Paltry!”

“Not at all,” denied Moira. “More can probably be done at a luncheon than at a great ball, for instance, where you see no one for more than three minutes—and your companion’s eyes are searching the ballroom for more impressive company while you are endeavoring to impress him—or her.”

Lili was forced to smile at this pessimistic evaluation. Still, she could see the girl’s point, having, now that she took time to recall them, herself endured one of two such demeaning experiences this very season. “How did you know?”

“Papa was a Lovelace,” Moira reminded her cousin. “From time to time the bigwigs in the county remembered that fact. Or they were short in their numbers, and at the last moment they would invite Papa and Mama and myself to fill in.” She shook her head, attempting a casual smile.

“The creatures snubbed you?” demanded Lili.

“Oh, not intentionally. I think they felt that just being at their dinner would be pleasure enough for such gapeseeds as we were, without any special civility required. You see, we were not at all modish! Nonentities, in fact. Papa could talk of nothing but his latest acquisition: some musty volume no one at the dinner had ever heard of, or wanted to! Mama was a darling, and really quite pretty, but Papa was her whole life. She scarcely spared a glance for anyone else.”

Lili nodded wisely. Unsophisticated Moira might appear, largely because of her countrified clothing, absence of any maquillage, and the truly unfortunate hairstyle she adopted. Still, the girl had her wits about her, and apparently she knew the social situation from its darkest and most unpleasant angles. And she had survived experiences that might have sent a weaker spirit into retreat! How did you handle the rejections?” she asked.

Moira considered. “I kept smiling, and stopped trying to be interesting or to make any demands. When I found myself deserted, I looked around and sought out someone else who had been ignored. If it was an older person, I offered to fetch a shawl, or a glass of ratafia, or whatever seemed suitable.” She shrugged. “And if it was a younger person, a girl, I would try to find something friendly and safe to talk about.”

“What?” demanded Lili, fascinated.

“Her dress, if it was really pretty. I would tell her how well it became her, and hint that a certain young man had mentioned it earlier.”

“That would cheer her up,” agreed Lili. “But if your companion was a young man—?”

Moira was becoming a little self-conscious at this inquisition. “Very much the same. A splendid coat, especially if it was a hunting pink. And then I’d mention that several young ladies had expressed the same opinion.”

Lili was thoroughly enjoying this account of her cousin’s ingenious manipulations. “Were there no persons with whom you could carry on a sensible conversation? About politics, or the war, or even the latest scandal in the county?”

Moira in her turn was enjoying her town-bred cousin’s ignorance of county customs. “The really serious conversations dealt with hunting and horses and breeding lines, and who had managed to sail neatly over the worst rasper, which was generally conceded to be Farmer Dollowby’s new fence. That, as I recall, was the prime topic at the last dinner party we attended. It was the general consensus that Farmer Dollowby had erected the barrier with the sole purpose of discommoding the hunt, by gad!”

Lili grinned at Moira’s mimicry of the outraged riders. What a treasure the girl was! Too bad she hadn’t a feather to fly with. A speculative gleam came into Lili’s eyes. Could Henry be coaxed into giving his wife’s cousin a dowry?

The girl was looking at her inquiringly. No use raising expectations that might never be fulfilled, thought Lili. But her chin lifted, and anyone who knew her well would have realized that Mrs. Henry Hassleton had come to a decision. In what appeared to Moira to be a complete change of subject, the older woman announced, “We have wasted enough time! We shall go to the modiste at once! We should have gone yesterday!”

Good as her word, she bustled the girl into her newly cleaned cloak and dowdy redingote, summoned her town carriage, and sallied forth to the most elegant boutique in London.

Disregarding the horrified expressions on the faces of Mme. Camille and her toplofty assistants, who were afraid that the sight of Mrs. Hassleton’s companion would disgust their discriminating clientele, Lili launched into rapid French. Moira was able to catch a word or two: robbery on the King’s highroad . . . killed . . . injured . . . mud . . . heroine . . . everything lost—

At this promising phrase, the eyes of the vendeuses brightened. Mrs. Hassleton, besides being one of their own—French, whatever her place of birth—was the wife of a leading city merchant, and rich as a nabob. They rallied around the distressed girl and vowed to do their utmost to present her in a style worthy of her heroic behavior—and her sponsor.

Lili enjoyed Moira’s wide-eyed delight as dress after charming dress was paraded for her approval. To say nothing of dainty silken capes, and elegant little shoes, and fans and reticules and scarves. When it came to the silken undergarments in exotic shades of peach and ecru and cream, Moira lifted dazed eyes to her cousin.

“Lili!” she breathed, half in ecstasy, half in alarm.

The Frenchwoman undressed both the emotions. “Do not worry about the cost, ma petite,” she advised, sotto voice. “Mr. Hassleton will not.” Because he’ll never hear about it, she thought with amusement. “As for the clothing, we cannot have the future lord mayor’s cousin flaunting about in rags, can we? So bad for Henry’s consequence!” she giggled.

Everyone present heaved a sigh of relief, and Camille brought out her trump card with a fine dramatic flourish. It was an evening gown, but designed, thought Moira, for an enchanted night, a once-in-a-lifetime night, a night for falling in love . . . and into her mind came the image of a beautiful golden-haired youth whose pain-filled violet eyes stared up into her face with hatred.

“No!” breathed the girl, against the pain of that repudiation.

“No?” echoed every female present, staring at the little country mouse who dared to reject Mme. Camille’s greatest triumph. The shocked disbelief was tangible. It brought Moira quickly to her senses.

“I did not speak of the beautiful gown, madame,” she said quickly. “I only expressed my feeling of unworthiness. This lovely creation is too splendid—!”

Reassured as to the girl’s appreciation of the modiste’s skill, everyone began to utter soothing and complimentary words. Cousin Lili cut through the effusion. “Nonsense, my dear!” she said briskly. “We shall be going next to that part of Madame’s salon where she keeps the maquillage, and where her expert assistants can transform a country mouse into a town swan.”

Moira chuckled. “I should have thought that particular transmogrification would have been possible only to the deity!”

“Naughty puss!” chided her cousin, pleased at this show of spirit. The beau monde was a pitiless arena; she knew that well. And the Hassletons and their country cousin were fair game for the quizzies and the stately dames who were the arbiters of fashion. Moira would need every ounce of courage and determination she could dredge up if she were not to be destroyed.

“Take us to your coiffeuse, madame, s’il vous plait,” she requested.

Madame Camille herself led the way.





Chapter Eight



Adam, Marquess of Donat, glared from his sickbed at the gray-haired doctor who had just frustrated his intention of getting up. It seemed to the young man that he had already been penned within the stuffy cavern of his tester four-poster bed for half an eternity. His valet, Claude, had been horrified at the injuries that could so easily have marred for life his master’s handsome features, and had been hovering like a mother-hen for days, pulling the contains to protect against drafts, offering nauseating possets and in general rendering his master’s life wretched. Dr. Ernest had forbidden access to all would-be visitors who might have lightened Adam’s boredom. And now old Ernest was turning hostile toward his patient—or so Adam believed. He frowned horrendously.

This action immediately sent spasms of pain through his aching head. His eyes watered, and he gave an involuntary gasp.

Dr. Ernest noted the symptom complacently. “It will hurt worse if you don’t accept my advice and give it a little longer to heal.” He remarked.

“How much longer?” asked Adam, between gritted teeth.

“Two days, possibly three. And don’t forget, you young devil, that I’ve successfully put off the magistrate’s men. They’ve been panting at your door, eager to discover what piece of villainy you’ve been up to that won you such a reprisal.”

The marquess glared at the doctor who had brought him into the world. “I?” he repeated incredulously. “Are you suggesting that I am responsible for this attack upon myself?”

“Somebody apparently felt that you deserved a lesson,” prodded the doctor. His intent was not what it appeared: to mock his patient. Rather he hoped to gather some clue as to the source of this latest attack upon a young man for whom he had a sincere but well-hidden affection. Arrogant, self-indulgent, spoiled by doting society though the handsome youth might be, yet there was, beneath this dazzling shell, a real man who might somehow, someday, be brought to understand and to accept his obligations—and his capabilities. Dr. Ernest sighed, and admitted to grave concern. This was the third attack upon the marquess of which he himself had knowledge. Who was behind them?

Was it any use to ask Adam? In the past he had merely smiled and shrugged away the question. But perhaps this time, with the pain of his battered head to sober him, Adam might discuss the matter?

“Whom have you challenged lately, you young rooster?”

Adam met his intent gaze with a cynical grin. “Do you mean overtly, or just by my mere existence?”

“No use my asking? Well, whoever your enemy is, he nearly had you this time! Had it not been for the impulsive bravery of the stagecoach groom and the timely intervention of a woman, you would surely have been murdered by the hired bullies—and that I tell you honestly.”

The marquess’s gaze narrowed. “So. It was not a hallucination, then? There really was a female mixed up in that ambush?”

“From what I have been able to gather from your groom, the attack was well under way when a stage, running hours late, came upon the melee. Your groom had been knocked down when he ran to the horses’ heads after your coachman was shot. When the groom came to his senses, the stagecoach was just pulling up. A man’s voice from within the woods ordered the stage to proceed. Then a shot was fired from the woods, presumably to reinfluence the order. The stagecoach driver had started to obey when the coach door opened and the woman leaped down. More shots were fired—your groom was dazed and cannot remember exactly what happened, except that the attack was called off by the man within the woods, and that the woman and one of her companions first bound up your head and then brought you safe home.”

“I remember her,” muttered the marquess. “I charged her with arranging the ambush.”

“That is absurd,” objected the doctor. “A woman in a stagecoach hours behind schedule? She could scarcely have known of the several accidents that would delay the coach! If fate had not intervened, she would have been past that particular stretch of highway hours before the ambush!”

“You seem to have done your research,” sneered Adam, whose head was aching agonizingly with all this argument. “I accused the woman; she did not deny the charge.”

“Of course if Adonis has made up his mind, it is no use anyone presenting the facts,” said the doctor with heavy irony. “I suppose you will next try to persuade yourself that it was the woman who fired the shots from the wood, and who cut you with knives and cracked your skull with a club?”

The marquess did not bother to reply, probably because even to his jaundiced view there was no truth in the latter charges. But for some reason unknown to himself, he clung to the memory of a small, intent countenance—not beautiful, no, but fascinating, and definitely involved in some way with himself. When his head cleared a little, he would remember what had made him so sure she knew him. He set his jaw obstinately against Ernest’s quiet rationality.

“Your suspicions arise from the temporary imbalance of your mental processes,” the doctor was saying. “After the heavy blow you received, it is not to be wondered at that you have these odd humors and suspicions. In time . . .”

Adam was not ready to admit that the unknown female had had nothing at all to do with the attack. She must have been involved! It could not have been blind chance that had brought her to his side at just that crucial moment! He looked up to meet Dr. Ernest’s steady gaze.

“Just get me out of this wretched bed and I shall soon have the truth of the matter,” he vowed.

Ernest knew this was his best chance to speak of weightier matters than one insignificant female stagecoach traveler. The marquess was, in a sense, a captive audience at the moment; perhaps an old friend might be able to talk some sense into him? Pursing his lips, the doctor said quietly, “This is the third attempt upon your life that I have knowledge of, Donat. And this one nearly succeeded. If you will not or cannot defend yourself, should we not make at least some attempt to discover the instigator of the crimes? Who hates you enough to want you dead, Adam?”

The marquess managed a tight grin. “Scores, I should think,” he began lightly. Then, seeing the pained concern upon his old friend’s face, he added grimly. “My heir, for one, with or without his mama’s prompting. Max Hightower, who has never forgiven me for winning his estate at faro. No matter that he was a damned fool to wager his family’s home upon the turn of a card! I would offer to give it back to him, but he would call me out if I impugned his integrity so deeply. Play and pay! That is the motto our world lives by, Ernest!” The brooding expression left his remarkable violet eyes, to be replaced by a wicked twinkle. “And then there are Evenly, and Fotriss, and Calderwell—all of whose current mistresses I . . . ah . . . “

“I have the picture,” said Dr. Ernest grimly. “You are a rake, a roué, a lecher—or so you would have London believe.” Ignoring the denial that trembled on Adam’s lips, the doctor went on firmly, “Oh, don’t try to bamboozle me as you do the whole of the ton! I know you are bored to the soul with the brittle, selfish futility of the life you lead. But I warn you, Adam, if you do not take care, you will find you are not playing stupid games any longer, because you will be dead! Is that what you really want?”

Adam rubbed absentmindedly at his forehead and winced with the resultant pain. “Why don’t you permit the magistrate’s men to visit me tomorrow, sir? Perhaps between us we may find the answer.”

It was foolish to ignore the repeated attempts upon his life—more than Ernest dreamed of. And even if, as his old friend hinted, he was sick to the teeth of elegant depravities, he wasn’t yet ready to throw in the sponge! Wiser to stop the attacker, whoever he—or she—was. For there were at least two women that Adam knew of who wished him ill. The mother of his heir was the widow of his father’s younger brother. Aunt Callista had always hated anyone who stood in the way of her cossetted only child, Vivian. There had been recent hints that she was attributing Vivian’s less savory exploits to Adam in a nasty little whispering campaign. His family’s lawyer, Mr. Beresford, had mentioned the matter privately to Adam, and suggested that his client take a firm stand before more damage was done to his reputation.

So: Callista Donat was one possible suspect in the attacks upon him.

And then there was the fashionable beauty, Lady Bedelia Camp, with a hunger for amatory conquests and a complacent husband. It had required no effort to resist Lady Bed’s rather shopworn charms, but perhaps he should not have done it so publicly!

Well, then, two females hated the Marquess of Donat. Either of them might have hired the woman in the stagecoach. Adam, cursing his aching head, decided it was high time he discovered all the facts behind this latest attack, and put an end to the whole vicious business.





Four days later, Dr. Ernest permitted his patient to rise, dress, and come downstairs to a meal in the stately dining room of Donat Town House. The staff was on its toes, for the marquess was a difficult master. At times he seemed too bored to notice any of the truly remarkable efforts that were made to please him. At other times he settled with fiendish perceptiveness upon some small lapse that would normally have gone unnoticed. They were expecting the worst today, after the reports that had filtered down from Milord’s valet, Claude, and the two personal footmen who attended upon the sick man.

To everyone’s surprise, Milord ordered his physician to take potluck with him. When the two men were seated, Dr. Ernest glanced around the elegantly furnished dining room with respect and admiration. The marquess, noting this, grinned cynically. It occurred to him that not even his steadfast man of medicine was proof against the trappings and lure of power. Could he be persuaded, under the influence of noble surroundings and superb food, to agree with an argument he had earlier rejected? The spoiled, much-courted young nobleman, who was not used to having his opinions flouted, and did not like the experience, launched his attack while the butler was serving the first course.

Lightly touching the neat small bandage around his head, Adam said softly, “I’ve got it in my mind that I know That Woman from somewhere.”

He took a sip of potage madrilène and sighed with satisfaction, interrupting himself to comment, “If it was you, sir, who prescribed my diet in the sickroom, I can only inform you that you are a British barbarian, and prescribe for you a course in the French cuisine!”

Dr. Ernest acknowledged this thrust with a grin, and then responded to the marquess’s opening shot. “The police feel that your self-appointed rescuer and guardian angel could have had nothing to do with the ambush. Her presence on the stagecoach is attested to; she comes from a small village in the south of England; she has never been out of South Littlefield in her life—”

“Until now,” Milord reminded him. “Fortuitous, don’t you think, to be there just in time to oversee—or deliver!—the coup de grace? To rush immediately to the side of a man whose gross injuries would exacerbate the sensibilities of a normal female and send her screaming in the opposite direction? Even more damning: to greet a man she has never seen before by a name by which he is known among his intimates!” He eyed his companion triumphantly. “You see, I remembered! She called me Adonis! Does that not reek of the fish markets to you, Doctor?”

Ernest held tightly to his self-control. If the young hellion intended to go on in this manner throughout the whole meal, not even the masterpieces of Chef Berton’s cuisine would keep a long-suffering physician at this table.

“Milord!” he began firmly. “The girl is well-known in her village—”

“As what?” sneered the marquess, lifting his cup and drinking down the last of the flavorful soup. “A witch?”

“As a decent girl, gently bred, lately orphaned by a fire that killed both her parents and destroyed everything but the clothing she stood in.”

“Who apparently was able to acquire enough money to enable her to come to London to look for a patron.” Adam was not sure why he clung to his desire to find and be revenged upon the chit. He could see that his recalcitrance was deeply offensive to his physician, but since the marquess had never had to bend his will to anyone else’s preferences or prejudices in his whole life, he was hardly likely to begin now.

Dr. Ernest had put down his napkin and was facing his host with disgust. “That, sir, was a crude and quite unwarranted remark.” He said stiffly.

“Then, of course, I retract it,” said Adam glibly.

His old acquaintance was not appeased by such obvious mockery.

“You would be better to spend your energies upon tracking down the man who organized the ambush and fired the shots at you.”

The arrival of the second course, a baron of beef, with all its accompanying side dishes plus an excellent red wine, was more than enough to distract two hungry men from an argument neither one really wished for. Two removes later, Dr. Ernest pushed away from the table.

“Enough, I thank you, milord! I shall be unable to care properly for my other patients, if indeed I can waddle out to my carriage! I admit defeat. Nothing can touch your chef’s ability to tempt a sober barbarian trencherman to foolish overindulgence!”

“I’ll see he receives your compliments,” Adam grinned.

Dr. Ernest noted that he was rather white of face, and judged that the exertions of the first day out of bed had already lasted too long. “I’ll just see you settled comfortably in bed before I leave,” he said, his concern evident.

Adam’s temper, never stable, flared at this doubt of his manhood. He thrust his own chair back from the table, forgetting his tender head. A strangled groan was wrenched from his throat.

Ernest refrained from saying “I told you so.” Instead, he motioned to a hovering footman to open the doors, and assisted his fuming patient back to his bedchamber. “I shall not prescribe a drug against the pain. It may convince you that you are only human, and that I know what I am talking about when I advise you that injuries to the head, such as you received, may take weeks to heal completely, even if you obey orders.”

“And if I do not?” gritted his patient.

“Then, it may be months—or you may lose your wits,” the doctor informed him crisply.

There was a brief silence. Then Adam forced a glittering, white-toothed smile.

“Yes, sir, I’ll be good, sir!” he whined in a passable imitation of a penitent schoolboy.

“See that you are,” advised his doctor. “I am not jesting.”

Ernest left his patient in bed, morosely contemplating his ill luck. He was quickly bored, and it was not at all surprising that thoughts of the mysterious female soon occupied his mind. The more he dwelt upon her too-opportune appearance, the angrier he became. Eventually he instructed Claude to send a footman to Bow Street, requiring a runner to present himself at once. It had become vitally important to Adam Donat to discover whether the mystery woman was an agent for his enemy. She had been involved! She had known his nickname!

And he could not get those huge brown eyes, with their lying promise of innocence and honesty and compassion out of his mind.





Chapter Nine



In another, less elegant part of London, two men met in a shadowed room. Major Hilary Norman, fondly known to his intimates as Sly, was reporting to his employer. There was a lengthy pause when the report ended. Then, “Well done,” said the older man finally. “I am taking you off this business. C will handle the kill. I have another assignment for you—”

“I should prefer not to take on anything more just at the moment, sir,” Sly said firmly but deferentially. “I have some—personal matters to take care of.”

The older man stared hard at him.

“We have an agreement,” he said at length. Too quietly.

Sly squared his shoulders. “I—I need a little time, sir.”

The prime minister of England turned away. “Report when your business is taken care of,” he said over his shoulder.

Sly left the room thankfully. He knew he was risking everything he had built up since he returned from the Continent and discovered what had happened to his small estate while he had been off battling the Corsican. He loved the work, he told himself. It would have been hard to settle for anything so mundane as restoring a neglected estate, even if he had had the funds to do so. Mr. Pitt’s offer to employ him in secret business having to do with the welfare of England had been relayed to him by a fellow officer—a good friend from his own regiment—and gladly accepted.

He enjoyed the excitement and the danger and the feeling that he was still serving his beloved country. He had not really felt anything missing in his life, until a girl from a small village had ridden with him in a miserable stagecoach and acted with foolish courage in an unworthy cause.

The truth of the matter is, Major Hilary Norman at last admitted, that I cannot get those innocent, laughing brown eyes out of my mind! The little idiot is in real danger, whatever her role in the affairs of the notorious Adonis.

And here goes the even more idiotic Major Norman into the fray, not even sure who the enemy is!





Chapter Ten



The two cousins were poring over the latest issue of Lady’s Magazine when Pomfret announced a visitor. Since Lili had instructed the butler that they were to be denied to callers until Moira’s transmogrification was complete, both ladies looked up with surprise and curiosity.

“Mr. Hilary Sly, madam. He says he is Miss Moira’s bosom-bow, and must assure himself she is in prime twig.”

Pomfret delivered this outrageous message with a prim face, but his eyes gleamed. It was clear to Lili that Mr. Hilary Sly was a member of a class of persons Pomfret approved of. She chuckled.

“Show in the Bosom-Bow, Pomfret, and you may serve tea.”

The expression of delight upon Moira’s countenance reassured Lili that she had made no mistake, and the prompt appearance of a tall, slender well-dressed man in the doorway confirmed her judgment. Lili looked the fellow over with real interest. She knew herself to be awake on all suits, and she could find, at least at first inspection, no flaws in the smiling, urbane facade their visitor presented. The first thing she noted—after his dark, well-featured face with its steady gray eyes—was the quiet suitability of his costume for the occasion. This was no jackstraw, no jumped-up counter-coxcomb. This man would never offer a draft on Aldgate pump as a substitute for honest bank notes! Of course she had heard the tale of his rescue and shelter of Moira. The girl hadn’t been able to resist opening the budget and revealing the whole fantastic story to her hostess.

“Just so you’ll know the risks you take in harboring me, Cousin Lili,” Moira had said, with a gallant if uncertain smile.

But the smile she was offering Mr. Sly at this moment was full of real pleasure. She rose, went to the visitor, and took his hand, leading him toward her cousin. “Lili, I would like you to meet Mr. Hilary Sly, my host for the night after the attack upon Lord Donat. Mr. Sly, my cousin, Mrs. Hassleton.”

Lili offered her hand with a challenging stare. Bosom-bow? it seemed to say. “I bid you welcome,” she said formally, “and offer my thanks for your kindness to my young cousin.”

Sly met her glance with a quizzical smile. “A great pleasure to meet you, ma’am,” he murmured. “Such a relief to know that my young friend has told you—everything?”

That young devil is laughing at me! thought Lili, her own sense of humor titillated.

Moira was losing patience with these formalities. “How are you, Sly? How is our victim? Have they discovered who was responsible for the ambush?”

The smile that Sly gave Moira had Lili’s eyebrows rising. “So many questions, little one!” he said softly. “Which shall I answer first? I am very well, thank you,” and he grinned wickedly at the girl’s eager expression.

Moira chuckled. “You are teasing me, of course! You must know I am agog to learn how the victim goes on! Is he quite restored to health?”

Lili noted that Sly’s expression lost its sparkle and became guarded.

“In so short a time? After the drubbing he received? That would be too much to hope for, I am sure.” His voice was colorless. “Cracked heads take time to mend, you know—in real life, that is.”

Moira bridled at the suggestion that she might be a romantic. “Of course I know a wound takes time to heal! I had hoped that you might have learned how Milord goes on.”

The arrival of Pomfret and a footman with the tea tray prevented any further acerbic exchange for the moment. Over the fragrant beverage, tensions seemed to relax, and Hilary Sly addressed his hostess rather than Moira.

“The report is, ma’am, that the marquess is the testiest patient ever seen in London. Quite disrupting the household with his scolds and tantrums! You are fortunate you do not have to put up with such behavior.”

Moira began to protest against his harshness. Sly said ruthlessly, “No, Miss Lovelace, do not attempt to argue with me. You did ask for information! The fact that your intervention saved his lordship from almost certain death would not weigh a feather in the balance against his rage at the pain and humiliation he is suffering. For, of course, the rumors in the ton are that the marquess was soundly trounced by a friend whose latest mistress our hero had stolen away from her protector.”

Both women were momentarily silenced by this untarnished report. Lili was the first to speak.

“Do you believe that rumor, Mr. Sly?”

Their visitor put down his teacup and shook his head. At this moment, his greatest wish was to remove one green girl forever from the sphere of the lecherous nobleman. Still, he did not accept the current on-dits as the reason for the attack upon Adam Donat. Reluctantly, he said, “No. I wish it were that simple.” Frowning, he surveyed the two concerned faces turned to his. How many of his very real suspicions should he share with these women? Dared he reveal to the volatile pair the few facts he was sure of?

Moira helped him to make a decision. Her glance fixed on his face, she said quietly, “I have just two pounds now, Mr. Sly. Is that enough to hire you to make sense of this mystery?”

Lili’s embarrassed expostulation was hardly noticed by either of her companions. Sly felt an unfamiliar warmth in his chest. Part of it was angry resentment at the spoiled, arrogant youth who could command so much loving interest with so little effort. At war with that feeling was a powerful need to accept whatever this little charmer had to offer, to get to know her much better. . . . He caught himself up with a rueful grin, and to give himself time, he turned to offer an explanation to Mrs. Hassleton.

“When Miss Lovelace and I were conveying the unconscious marquess back to his London residence, there was a remark made—a small jest only!—that she might decide to hire my services as . . .” Even Sly’s self-possession faltered under the coolly assessing stare of his hostess. With almost a gulp, he continued, “. . . as an abigail, ma’am, Miss Moira was very tired!” he offered in explanation.

Lili’s French heritage disposed her to enjoy a salted story; she found this attractive male’s humor acceptable. A naughty grin teased at her lips, and her black eyes sparkled.

“You correctly resisted her offer of employment, I am sure,” she said smoothly. “But perhaps this offer is more convenable?”

Sly wished that he might unobtrusively wipe away the dew that he could feel on his forehead. What was he getting himself into? His real employer would not be pleased at any private meddling into an official investigation. And yet—! He wanted so strongly to be near his little self-appointed guardian angel to the world! Sly squared his shoulders, rose, and sketched a slight bow.

“I shall be pleased to help Miss Lovelace investigate the question of who is behind the attacks on Lord Donat,” he said. “On one condition: that she herself stays completely out of the matter.”

Moira gasped her displeasure at this masculine arrogance, but Lili was nodding agreement. “Most sensible, sir. My cousin will be too busy helping me to launch Mr. Hassleton’s campaign to have time for any under-the-counter prying. Is that not so, my dear?” she challenged the girl to contradict her.

Moira was compelled to put as good a face upon her defeat as she was able, and offered Sly a smile, which he eagerly returned.

Bosom——bow, indeed! mused Lili as they sat down again. Lili poured fresh cups of tea and Sly handed around the tiny cucumber sandwiches with perfect savoir faire. In a few moments they were amiably discussing possible approaches to the problem. No casual observer would have noticed the effect Moira’s new, prettier appearance was having on Sly, nor been aware of Lili’s determination to secure this charming, well-dressed man for her young cousin.





Mrs. Hassleton did not deem it expedient to inform her spouse of the fact that the ladies of his household had had an unusual visitor that day. She did, however, have some other news to share that would startle her husband. Kindly deciding to allow him to recruit his strength with Cook’s excellent meal before delivering the blow, she led the way into the formal dining room, where she and Moira watched, fascinated, as Henry performed his nightly gastronomic feats. When the ladies correctly offered to retire so that the gentleman might sip his port in peace, however, Mr. Hassleton displayed an uncharacteristic desire for their company at this essentially male ritual.

“I shall take my tipple to your parlor, ma’am,” he told his wife firmly. “I have a few matters to discuss with you and your cousin,” he added.

The ladies preceded him into the little parlor in silence. When they had disposed themselves as comfortably as possible on the heavy furniture, Henry took up a commanding position in front of the unlighted fireplace. Favoring them with a stern glance, he prepared to address his audience.

“As you are aware, Mrs. Hassleton,” he began pompously, “I have an ambition to become lord mayor of London. To which end I have hired Pomfret, bought a house, and brought in too many servants, most of whom do not pay for their keep. And now we have installed your cousin as your social secretary.” He twisted his lips and then took a fortifying gulp of port. “Well?” he resumed in a minatory manner, “what have you accomplished to date?”

It might have been merely an academic question, but Moira trembled for her poor cousin.

Lili smiled sweetly at her lord and master. “I have secured for you the most important invitation of the Season,” she said.

When her startled husband did not respond, she relented and went on. “There may be more impressive affairs—most of which we have no more chance of attending than the dustman or the fishmonger has. But the Honorable Mrs. Barton is having a dinner for her husband, the lord mayor. All the aldermen will be there, and all the merchant princes of the city, and a great many members of government and other influential persons.”

“You are cutting a wheedle,” said Henry angrily.

“Not at all. The reason for Mrs. Barton’s dinner is to support the lord mayor’s charities. Everyone of any importance in the city will be present.”

Henry was more impressed by Lili’s announcement than he wished to admit. He said testily, “With all that mob in attendance, we shall be lost in the press.”

“Not so, mon mari,” his wife insisted, smiling. “I have managed to secure us positions at the head table!”

A delighted grin broke the sullen expression on Henry’s face. “How did you manage that?” he demanded.

“By pledging a quite preposterous sum of your money toward those same charities,” explained his wife, “and by hinting that you had a special project that would be to everyone’s benefit!” She gave him a wicked grin. “Voilà! Head table!”

A look of horror wiped out the pleasure Lili’s earlier disclosures had brought to Henry’s face. “What project?” he demanded. “And HOW MUCH money?”

Lili named a sum which seemed, at least to Moira’s village-trained expectations, incredible. Henry gasped, lost color, and drained his glass. Wordlessly he stumbled over to the bellpull and summoned Pomfret. The butler entered with suspicious promptness, already bearing a large dark-brown drink. Henry took the whisky without a word of thanks and tossed it off. Then he went to a chair and collapsed against the cushions.

While this dramatic mime was playing, Lili drew Moira aside and whispered urgently, “You must think of a project appropriate for the occasion, Moira. I just made up that part of the story.”

Moira felt her jaw sag. “You made it up . . . ?” she gasped.

Her cousin nodded. “Oh, I pledged poor Henry’s money, and bought us a seat at the head table. The trouble is, Mrs. Barton has some strange notion she wishes to hold the dinner in a field somewhere—a fête champêtre. She says the guildhall is so dingy it depresses everyone, whereas a picnic would be a charming divertissement. There would be a tent, in case it should rain.” That should give the girl a lead—and ingratiate her with Henry! The dowry seemed closer.

There was no time for more; Henry was staring at them, his ruddy face paler than Moira had yet seen it.

“How much of my money did you pledge?” he asked, as though hoping he had not heard correctly the first time.

Lili told him again. “It bought us seats at the head table,” she reminded him. “Cheap at the price!”

Lili sent a mischievous glance at the worried Moira. After a few minutes, Henry asked in a strangled voice, “And the—the project? What is it to be?”

“I thought I’d leave that to you,” said his wife brightly.

Henry’s anguished shout assaulted their ears.

“Lili!” He peered at her beseechingly.

“Well, Moira did have an idea,” began Lili shamelessly.

Henry transferred his pleading glance from his wife to his wife’s young cousin.

Moira thought desperately. “I understand that Mrs. Barton wishes to hold the dinner out in the fields,” she began. “In an enormous tent.”

Henry groaned aloud. “It’ll never work! It’s sure to rain! It always does. And it will be so cold that no one will come! All that money wasted!”

But Moira had had an idea. She turned to Lili. “Do you agree with Mrs. Barton that the guildhall is ugly—dingy, did she say?”

Lili smiled broadly. “It is very depressing, chiefly because no one has spent a penny upon its upkeep for years.”

“Then, there is your project, Cousin Henry!” said the girl eagerly. “You have already volunteered an enormous sum of money for the lord mayor’s charities.” She ignored his groaning response to “volunteered.” “Everyone who hears of Mrs. Barton’s totty-headed plan will agree with you, sir, that London’s wretched weather is sure to play us false. I imagine most people will also agree that the guildhall needs smartening up. So you offer your money—already committed by Cousin Lili—to fix up the guildhall so it will regain its original look of magnificence, and suggest that the dinner be held indoors, in the comfort of their own building! Everyone will bless you for helping them avoid a damp picnic. And the Hassleton name will be forever linked with the restoration of the famous and beloved guildhall!”

Both Henry and Lili were staring at the girl with dawning delight. Henry’s complexion was returning to its normal ruddy hue. Lili was bubbling with satisfaction at her cousin’s clever improvisation. No one need know that Lili, evolving the scheme during the last two nights, had planted all the necessary seeds.

Henry nodded happily. “ ‘My name—forever linked’!” he quoted softly. Then he bobbed his head decisively. “I could not have invested my blunt in any scheme more likely to get me where I wish to be,” he admitted generously. “I shall be a benefactor! Nobody’s likely to come up with a neater ploy!” he beamed at Moira. “I’m as good as elected, girl!” He nodded again. “I’ll just get that down in writing, over my name, and submit it to the aldermen in the morning,” he said, and strode out of the parlor.

“By tomorrow he’ll be convinced he thought it up all by himself,” advised Lili, sotto voce. “It was clever of you, child!” Her smile was warmly approving. “A superb idea!”

Moira drew a deep breath “I don’t know where it came from,” she confessed. “But with the information you gave me, it seemed a possibility, at least, I suppose it was my training at managing the cottage for Candace and Herbert. I was forever being obliged to come up with last-minute solutions to problems I hadn’t known even existed. My parents were forgetful,” she added, smiling gently.

A pair of loobies, surmised Lili. Dreamers, leaving all the harsh necessities to this poor child! Still, it was a perfect training for the painful realities of polite society. She had determined to win a substantial dowry from Henry for this worthy girl if it was the last thing she did! Moira deserved the best the Hassletons could provide—which was, of course, a suitable parti!





Chapter Eleven



Adam Donat, as it happened, was also planning something suitable for the mysterious and much-to-be suspected Miss Lovelace. The idea had come to him during a particularly painful night. As usual ignoring the advice of those who sought to help him, Adam had spent an exhausting day interviewing Bow Street Runners, in addition to a private investigator he had hired, and finally driving his curricle to the Inns of Court to consult his lawyer. It was, of course, this last defiance of cautious common sense that had left him with an agonizing headache.

Scorning to ask for the powders that would have sent him into a heavy slumber, Adam lay in his enormous bed and tried to make sense of the contradictory reports he had received. The Runners, stupid fellows that they were, had quite cheerfully exonerated Miss Lovelace from any part in the ambush.

“Stands to reason, sir,” the officer said loudly, with jovial disregard for the marquess’s agonizing headache, “Miss Lovelace comes from South Littlefield, a very small village where she has lived all her life. Her father was a fifth son of a baronet, and quite disregarded by his family, from all we have been able to discover. The girl stayed there until after the death of both parents in a fire, after which she stayed with the local rector and his wife until she left to come to London, to make her home with her mother’s cousin, Mrs. Henry Hassleton. Miss Lovelace is well thought of in the village, sir.”

“You seem to think that the admiration of South Littlefield clears her of evil intent toward me,” protested the marquess, realizing unhappily as he did so that he was whipping a dead horse.

“Well, beggin’ your pardon, I’m sure, milord, we can’t figure out how the girl could even have heard of you, seein’ she’s never been outside her village in her life! Not quite the circles you move in, sir,” he added quickly, catching the anger in the marquess’s expression. He took his dismissal thankfully.

The interview with the private spy John Benedict had recommended went more easily. The man’s name was Nims. He was a weasel of a fellow with an oily manner. He had taken his instructions quietly and disappeared to do his job.

The visit to the Inns of Court had been almost worth the pain his ill-advised decision to drive himself there had caused him. Samuel Beresford’s ancestors had served the Donats for at least four generations. The present Beresford was about forty, and a man of culture and intelligence. Also a plain speaker, as Adam now discovered.

“What’s this odd bee you’ve got in your bonnet, Milord?” he asked crisply. “Dr. Ernest has informed me that you have been ill, and that if you do not stop bothering yourself with this problem, you may injure your brain.”

“Oh, has he?” snapped Adam. “So much for the confidentiality that is supposed to exist between a man and his physician! Perhaps if some of those who are paid to solve my problem were worth their salt, it would not be necessary for me to do all the work myself!”

Lawyer Beresford stared hard at his angry client. “Why is it so necessary for you to believe that this female nonentity has dark designs upon you, milord?” he asked, and then, not waiting for an answer that his client might find it hard to give, he went on, “There are at least three persons, none of whom should have any possible connection with Miss Lovelace, who have actual reason to wish you dead.”

This forthright comment halted the marquess in midtirade. “There are?” He took a slow breath. “Can you name them?” he challenged.

“I can,” said Beresford. “Trusting that you will keep everything that is said in this room strictly confidential.” He waited silently until Adam nodded agreement.

“Your heir, of course, is the most obvious suspect. He is a selfish, rattlebrained, vicious little ne’er-do-well, who is already pretty far under the hatches. Oh, yes, the word is around that he’s in debt to half the moneylenders in town. And his mama is endlessly telling him and everyone else that he’s been robbed of his consequence, and a fortune, by the wicked marquess.”

“But that is insane!” protested Adam. “He’s my heir until I marry and get a son of my own, but I had nothing to do with the succession! I am my father’s only son, and the rightful inheritor of the marquessate!”

“You know that. I know that. All England knows it—but Vivian Donat and his mama do not accept it. And they both hate you.”

Adam frowned. “Surely not enough to commit murder?”

“Have there been attempts upon your life?” Beresford did not wait for an answer. “Someone hates you enough to wish you dead. And has proved it—three times.”

“You mentioned three persons,” said Adam dully. Facing the fact that someone hated him enough to murder him was not a pleasant experience for the much-admired Adonis.

Beresford was continuing grimly, “There is, second, Lord Maxwell Hightower. He has been cursing you in his cups—and he is frequently in that state these evenings, I am told. He says you cheated him out of his family’s estate—”

Adam rose to his feet with an oath.

The lawyer snapped, “Sit down! You asked for this; now you will listen to the whole imbroglio!” He waited while Adam, head pounding, seated himself. Then Beresford continued, “An officer from Bow Street delivered certain reports to my chief clerk at my request. These indicate that Hightower has been seen on at least two occasions in a tavern near the docks, conferring with three unsavory characters. The Runners are keeping an eye on them, and wished me to warn you to move carefully.”

Adam said slowly, “Is there any way I can restore the estate to Max? I don’t want it! I tried to urge against his wagering it, but neither rhyme nor reason can stop the stubborn fool when he gets a notion into his head . . .” he paused, appalled, realizing the import of what he had just said.

“Exactly,” agreed the lawyer. “His friends fear he will act rashly, criminally perhaps, against the man he blames for his own irresponsible folly. You see, milord, you should have lost that wager, not won it!” concluded Beresford with biting irony.

Adam shook his head. “Can we work out a way to restore the property? Can you get together with his lawyer and arrange something?”

“He won’t love you any the better for rescuing him from his own folly so magnanimously. In fact, he will probably never speak to you again.” Beresford grinned reluctantly. “I can imagine how that threat chills you! Still, it is a most generous action on your part, milord, and in time will probably be accepted as one of Donat’s odd kicks, and forgiven you.” He sighed and tapped on a rather grimy slip of paper on his desk.

“Which bring us to our third suspect.” He paused so long that Adam glanced at him curiously. “You aren’t going to like this,” the lawyer said grimly.

Adam, whose headache was by this time nauseating him, almost asked Beresford not to voice his suspicions. If it was someone he liked—trusted— Better not to know?

“Who?” he asked shortly.

The lawyer spared him nothing. “Your best friend.”

Adam felt his eyes opening wider. Instantly there was a rush of blood away from his head, and he felt dizzy and faint. “Not . . . not Benedict?” he whispered.

The lawyer nodded. “Sir John Benedict, whom you have known from Eton, Oxford, the Grand Tour, whenever! Whose debts you have cheerfully paid upon occasion. Who saved you when you were set upon by footpads one night on your way home from an assignation with—”

“I remember the incident,” Adam cut in. “But it was sheerest good fortune that I spotted John coming toward me on the other side of the street—”

“Was it?” challenged Beresford. “And perhaps it was just good fortune that he was near you when the girth on your saddle broke as you were going over a particularly difficult run?”

“We are in the same hunt,” said Adam woodenly. Then his expression lightened. “But in each case, John saved me!”

“Have you forgotten the new clause you charged me to write into your will after the first ‘accident’? When a shot was fired into your carriage one night?”

Adam’s face went pale. “I feared Vivian might be getting impatient,” he said “I preferred that my private fortune go to my best friend.” The he scowled. “But no one but you and myself is supposed to know about that clause!”

“And the witnesses,” Beresford reminded him. “Your witnesses.”

“My cousin Raymond—”

“Is now dead,” added Beresford. “But he could have talked first.”

“—and your chief clerk,” finished Adam.

“I would stake my reputation upon Waters’s discretion.”

“You would say,” began the marquess slowly, “that Ray told John of my bequest to him? That it was John who arranged those—accidents?”

“Those attempts upon your life? No, I am not yet sure enough to make a definite charge,” admitted the lawyer. “But it does strike me, and my investigators, rather sharply that your best friend is so often near when trouble strikes.”

“I cannot believe it,” muttered Adam. “John?”

“You would prefer to lay the blame for the elaborate, expensive, and sophisticated attacks upon a girl from a small village, a girl, moreover, who had never seen you before in her life? Milord, Dr. Ernest is right. You are not thinking straight. The attack seems to have disoriented your brain.”

Adam was minded to argue the matter. Surely the girl could have been recruited? Not all bravos were personally acquainted with the persons they were hired to destroy, surely?

An unwelcome thought struck him. Beresford was right. Adam was finding it necessary to believe that the woman had designs on his life. Why should this be? He had only had a pain-blurred few seconds to observe a female’s large, lovely eyes staring down through the shadows into his own. How could he, a notorious womanizer who could have any female in London by lifting a finger, have been so impressed by the Lovelace creature? Why was he convinced that she was working against him? Was Beresford right? Was it a sign of incipient madness to wish to place the blame for three deadly attacks upon a girl he didn’t even know?

And then it came back to him: the soft, lovely voice murmuring Adonis, the pet name he bore in his own circle of intimates! If he were totally unknown to her, how had she known that name?

But when, eagerly, he had recounted the incident to the lawyer, Beresford was not impressed. “You probably mistook the word,” he said dismissively. “You were in bad case, from what Ernest tells me. Difficult to be sure what she said.”

All the way home, driving the curricle slowly to protect his head from further jarring, Adam brooded on the ugly disclosures the lawyer had made. Of course there were a dozen good reasons why John had been near him! They were the best of friends. Belonged to the same clubs, the same hunt. Had the same interests. A wicked smile tugged at Adam’s sensuous lips. It was Beresford’s suspicions that were insane, not his! Because the girl had known his nickname.

How?

There was only one way to find out. He would ask her.





It was a good thing Nims was coming today. He would tell the investigator to drop everything else, concentrate on finding out where Miss Moira Lovelace was staying in London. When Nims had located the chit, Adam would find a way to meet her. And then he would ask his questions, get his answers, and be free of the dark spell she seemed to have cast upon him.

It was odd, he mused, how important that one woman had come to be to him. And not even his mistress! He’d had a dozen who were more beautiful, and charming and witty and sensuous—and he’d forgotten them as soon as he left them. It is because she puzzles me, he told himself. Once I’ve solved her mystery, I’ll never need to think of her again.

If he had a vagrant thought that Nims might have been better employed watching Vivian, or Max, or even John Benedict, the marquess dismissed it. He would clear up the matter of the unknown country wench who had known his sobriquet. With that small annoyance no longer niggling at him, he would be free to deal with the greater problems of the vicious heir, the disgruntled loser—and his best friend.

It struck him then that it was John who had suggested that he employ the shifty-eyed Nims. John had added the rider that he had never had occasion to use the fellow himself, but had heard from his uncle in the House of Lords that the fellow was quick, fairly accurate in his findings, and knew how to keep his mouth shut. At the time, that had seemed recommendation enough. Now, after the disquieting conversation with Beresford, the referral presented several disturbing connotations. Was Nims spying for him, or upon him? Nims had the right of entry to Adam’s home, and had made use of it on several occasions. When he handed over the reins of the curricle to a footman at his own front door, Adam was in a very bad temper indeed.

A poor night’s rest did not improve his mood. He was snarling at Claude over the temperature of the morning coffee when a footman announced that Nims was below, asking to see Milord. When Nims presented himself, he had plenty to report. On his own, he had located the girl in the house of her cousin’s husband. He had been able to determine the status of the girl’s host.

“Henry Hassleton. He’s a merchant. Thinks himself a nob, and he’s as rich as grease. Has hopes of becoming an alderman, and may make it. Got a pick of toplofty servants, a big house, and two carriages. The girl Moira is his wife’s cousin, right and tight. Couple of Frenchies, the two cousins were. Girl comes from a little one-street village nobody ever heard of. Hassleton’s wife is tarting Moira up for her ‘day-boo,’ the servants tell me. They are all going to Mrs. Barton’s charity dinner at the guildhall—”

“When is that?” Adam interrupted.

“Couple o’ weeks, at least. Word is that old Hassleton is putting up the dibs for a refurbishing of the hall. About time, too. The place has looked like a barn these last few years.”

Adam frowned. This was not the background of a woman who might be open to questionable employment. Had he been wrong, as everyone seemed to think? Perhaps he had imagined the little scene: the intense, recognizing look in the dark eyes, the whispered “Adonis!” Had he been hallucinating?

And then Nims made a comment that brought back all of Adam’s suspicions in a fierce rush.

“Lovelace was not alone when she drove you home that night after the attack,” he said, consulting his notebook. “Her companion was a man who claims to be called Sly. I couldn’t find out anything about him. No one seems to know who he is, or who he works for, or even where he lives. He’s a real clever one at covering his tracks.”

“Get onto it,” snapped the marquess. “I don’t care what you have to spend. Hire help, if needful. I want to know all about the fellow . . . everything!”

“Well, there was one other thing—”

“About Sly?”

“No, about the girl. She didn’t get to her cousin’s house until sometime the next day.” He grinned salaciously. “I picked up that tidbit when I stood one of Hassleton’s grooms to a drink at a pub. Now, if she dropped you off here about midnight, and she and Sly left together, then it’s pretty plain where she was playing least-in-sight till she could call on her cousin. And with whom.”

Adam felt such a surge of fury at this leering innuendo that he was frozen into momentary silence. The he said icily, “Get me the information I have requested. Get it fast! I don’t tolerate stupidity or insolence in servants.”

Nims was plainly shocked at the rage he had unleashed. “I’ll do my best, Milord, but I’m only human.”

“I doubt that,” said the marquess nastily.

Nims left at once, obviously preferring a less charged atmosphere.

Adam rang for Claude, who had been hovering nervously in his master’s dressing room during the interview. Adam demanded to be washed and dressed at once, himself flinging off the elaborate brocaded dressing gown in which he had taken his coffee.

“See that a carriage is ready for me in five minutes,” he ordered.

“Breakfast, Milord?” quavered Claude. “Dr. Ernest was most insistent—”

“To the devil with Ernest!” snapped the marquess. “There is a conspiracy, just as I always knew there was! Village maiden, forsooth!” he muttered as Claude presented a crisp linen stock. “Keeps company with some rascal who was probably hired by my . . .” he paused, noting Claude’s wide-eyed interest. “My coat!” grated the marquess.

“Where are you going, sir?” asked Claude; then, catching his master’s astounded glance, hurried to excuse the impertinence, “—in case Dr. Ernest demands to know, Milord.”

“I am going to Bow Street to speak to the magistrate himself. Then I shall call upon Beresford. I am in hopes of finding out why neither of them have discovered the one essential clue in this whole imbroglio!”

Not waiting for answer or apology, Adam walked out the door and down to his carriage in tight-lipped silence.

Claude heaved a sigh of relief. If somebody had to pay for stupidity, he was thankful it would be the magistrate or the lawyer, not Claude Jenks.





Chapter Twelve



After a long wait and an unsatisfactory conference at Bow Street, Adam was driven to the Inns of Court, where he demanded to speak to Mr. Beresford without delay. The clerk hurried off to the lawyer’s private office, and returned immediately with the request that Milord come in at once.

Samuel Beresford was on his feet, holding a chair for his distinguished client, as Adam strode into the room. Keen eyes scanned the younger man’s face.

“What has brought you out again so soon, milord?” the lawyer asked, resuming his own chair behind the massive desk.

“I have discovered an important fact about the case,” began Adam coldly. “One that seems to have escaped the notice of your investigators and those at Bow Street. Our innocent little village maiden, Miss Moira Lovelace, was in the company of a mysterious fellow known as Sly—Sly! when the stagecoach encountered the ambush of my carriage. Sly accompanied the woman in my carriage to my home, and later went off with her. She did not arrive at her cousin’s residence until the following day!” So much, said his acidulous grin, for your innocent village maiden!

The lawyer stared at him in silence. After a moment he asked, “You have been to Bow Street with this bit of gossip?”

“I have,” frowned Adam, not liking Beresford’s tone.

“And—?” prompted the lawyer.

“It was odd,” the younger man admitted. “I got the distinct impression they already knew about Sly . . . at least something about him, but the magistrate refused to discuss the matter with me. Put me off with some damned official obstructiveness . . . sure Milord will understand the need for careful procedure . . . complete secrecy . . . and ending with some pap about sending me a report as soon as the matter is resolved!” Adam was guilty of a vulgar snort of disbelief. “What do we pay the fellows for?”

“Certainly not to permit themselves to be harassed in the execution of their duty,” said the lawyer, equally annoyed. “I venture to say, milord, that the officers at Bow Street know more about their business than any outsider can possibly do—”

“Even an outsider whose life has been threatened at least three times?” challenged Adam.

“Especially such an ignorant-of-the-facts, prejudiced outsider as yourself,” emphasized Beresford. He passed one hand wearily across his forehead. “A number of persons have been working at this case around the clock, milord. They are uncovering some rather disturbing facts. I can only urge that you permit those who know the hazards, and are competent to deal with them, to proceed about their business unhampered by the childish tantrums of obsessed amateurs—”

That was the wrong thing to say to the marquess at this particular moment. To give Beresford credit, he would probably not have made such a sharp comment had he not been exhausted from his own private researches into the dangerous matter. But when he caught the faint gasp of indrawn breath from his client, he raised tired eyes and discovered the extent of his faux pas.

“Lord Donat,” he began, in a quieter voice.

“I shall see that the obsessed amateur does not further annoy you with his childish tantrums,” said the marquess with dreadful civility. “Bid you good day, Mr. Beresford.”

“Wait, milord!” The lawyer stood up and took a few steps after his recalcitrant client. “These people are vicious—truly dangerous—”

The door slammed closed behind the nobleman.

Seating himself again at his desk, Beresford penned a hasty note to the magistrate at Bow Street, sealed it, and dispatched it at once in the care of his most trusted clerk. God grant they would not find their urgent investigations hampered by a hot-tempered, willful young nobleman thrusting his way into a business where even the professionals must tread warily!





When he had ordered his coachman to return to Donat Town House, Adam sank back against the velvet squabs, fuming with anger and discomfort. He was forced to admit that Dr. Ernest might have been correct in his prognosis. The dull ache that had been constant behind his forehead for two weeks was now supplemented by occasional sharp jabs of pain down his neck. Setting his teeth, Adam tried to relax as the carriage rumbled over the streets toward his London home. He tried to take his attention off his discomfort by focusing upon the conduct of the unknown Sly and the treacherous Miss Lovelace.

What was his best course of action? It was clear the stupid fools at Bow Street would be no help, nor could he expect anything from that old windbag, Beresford. Even Nims was too slow, and had actually no real power to deal with the woman if he did prove her guilty.

A sudden jolt of the carriage over some rough cobbles sent a stab of agony into Adam’s head. Senses reeling, he clenched his fists. “I’ll rest today,” he muttered, “and then tomorrow I’ll pay a call on the damned female and force her to admit her crime! Bow Street is too lenient on these criminals!” Slightly comforted by this decision to take the law into his own hands, the marquess managed to hold on to his wits until he had entered his own room. Then he sank down onto the bed . . . and into unconsciousness.





It would have given the marquess a great deal of satisfaction to know just how often a vision of his beautiful, battered face had thrust itself into Moira’s mind during the days since the ambush. It seemed to the girl that she was forever recalling how the heavy, dark eyelashes had lifted—oh, so slowly!—to reveal eyes whose pain-dulled focus sharpened into challenge as they observed her intent, concerned expression. Surely the man could not actually believe, now that he had recovered his wits, that the woman who had rescued him, held him close in her arms during that nightmare ride, and delivered him safely to his own residence in London, was also the instigator of the attack against him?

If she closed her eyes and concentrated, Moira could still feel the weight of the man’s head against her breast, and recall the exciting musky smell of him—a compound of sweat and spice, brandy and road dust—that had bombarded her inexperienced senses. It seemed strange to her now, safely ensconced in Cousin Lili’s mansion, that she had actually cradled society’s most dazzling, recalcitrant leader in her arms for three hours. Of course, he had been unconscious the whole time, she reminded herself, and quite unaware of the unusual circumstances, and his unusual caretaker! Color rose swiftly to Moira’s cheeks as she considered his reaction if he had even conscious of her during his reaction if he had been conscious of her during that agonizing drive. He had seemed so determined to hate her! Would they have quarreled? Could she have made him understand the true nature of their situation? Would he have thought she was kidnapping him? The first glance from those magnificent violet eyes had been a fierce accusation! Would those eyes have glowed warmly up at her if he had realized she was trying to help him?

Moira sighed and pulled her straying thoughts into more decorous paths. She had, she reminded herself, too much to do for Lili, to be frittering away her time with romantic daydreams. Her cousin had managed to involve her very deeply in the arrangements for Mrs. Barton’s charity dinner. The lord mayor’s wife had now agreed to permit the banquet to be held inside the guildhall, currently being cleaned and renovated, courtesy of Mr. Henry Hassleton’s splendid gift.

Planning for the dinner demanded endless meetings with Mrs. Barton and her coterie of sycophants, to discuss menus and tableware, and especially the precise order of seating. The crucial matters of cleaning and refurbishing the dingy edifice were constantly passed over as less than important, compared to what quality of china should be begged, borrowed, or purchased. Moira thought her head would split after some of these sessions, held in Mrs. Barton’s stuffy drawing room, overcrowded by the wives of aldermen and of every merchant prince in London.

These ladies aspired to achieve prominence in the ton by having their names connected with the guildhall dinner, yet were unwilling to volunteer for actual service. Whenever Lili or anyone else came up with a good idea, and Mrs. Barton gave it her approval, the next order of business was to nominate someone to carry out the plan. And since Moira was the youngest and least important member of the group in Mrs. B’s drawing room, it became almost a ritual to smile and move that the girl be put in charge of whatever project was currently under discussion. Motion carried.

Cousin Lili’s eyebrows—carefully darkened with skillful use of maqullage—rose higher and higher with each vote. Even their rather slow-witted hostess became aware that if Moira indeed accepted all the tasks they so lightly delegated to her, she would scarcely be able to bring in the dinner under three months, instead of the three weeks Mr. Barton had given them earlier.

At this moment, Moira rose to her feet. She was holding a list she had made of the various tasks assigned to her so offhandedly. She directed a cheery smile around the room, telling herself that this situation was really no more threatening than a meeting in Mrs. Clarence’s home to prepare for the harvest festival. She drew a deep breath and plunged.

“First I must thank you all for your kindness and confidence in assigning me the task of harmonizing all your excellent ideas into one grand symphony of praise for the newly restored guildhall, which will do such credit to your husbands—especially Mr. Hassleton, whose generous gift made it all possible.”

Moira smiled at Lili, who was trying to suppress a grin at her cousin’s high-flown imagery. Symphony of praise, was it? The little vixen should be running for office!

Moira had paused, ostensibly to scan the notes she had made, actually to allow the little murmur of congratulation and pleasure that had greeted her announcement to subside. Cousin Lili’s eyebrows had returned to their normal position, and a private smile tugged at the corners of her lips. She herself couldn’t have buttered up these pompous idiots half so well!

Moira was going on. “I am truly appreciative of the importance of the task you have given me, and I shall try to fulfill it properly. Of course, I lack your skills at management, but I shall try to keep to a minimum my appeals to you for guidance.”

This courageous remark was also well-received.

The last thing any of these women wish for, thought Lili derisively, is to be dragged into any of the real work this enormous undertaking will demand! But how can the girl handle it all herself?

It appeared that Moira had an answer for this thorny question also. She had drawn on her memories of the way Mrs. Clarence dealt with the more selfish and self-important ladies in the group, those quick to criticize and slow to help. “I know I have your consent to bring in a few trained persons to deal with the heavier tasks”—which Moira wisely did not name—“and of course I shall refer all major decisions to you, through Mrs. Barton.”

Although the last-named lady looked doubtful, the rest applauded this sensible plan, which would remove all responsibility from everyone’s shoulders except those of Mrs. Barton—and serve her right if the chit was endlessly at her for information and guidance!

Lili was at great pains to restrain a gurgle of laughter at this wily scheme, and at once raised a gloved hand to suggest a recess in the meeting.

Mrs. Barton was more than ready to agree; she had to have a talk with the little upstart Lili Hassleton had brought, and find out just how many decisions the girl was planning to drop in her lap. With this in mind, Mrs. Barton gave her hovering butler the office to serve tea, and grasping Mrs. Hassleton’s arm firmly, led the way to the dining room.

While the other guests filled their plates from the mouthwatering collation prepared by the Bartons’ chef, the hostess proceeded to pump Lili as to her protégée’s abilities.

Lili laughed lightly. “Moira Lovelace is a very responsible young woman, Mrs. Barton,” she said calmly. “I venture to guess you will never hear from her until the task is completed. Satisfactorily.”

This was welcome news indeed, if it could be trusted, thought the hostess. It was true the girl seemed sensible enough, had obviously done this sort of thing before, and had a proper respect for her elders and betters. It was most reassuring to recall Miss Lovelace’s earlier remarks anent handling all the details herself, and bringing in experts for the difficult bits. For everything, the good dame assured herself, so long as the chit is not forever running to me with every trifling matter. And so I shall tell her!

Mrs. Barton managed to make her point of view crystal clear to both Moira and her sponsor, and then left them to enjoy the lavish repast while she went to recruit her own strength with her particular cronies. Lili sent her young cousin a glance of sparkling admiration.

“You are to be feared, my girl,” she commented softly. “A female Machiavelli, no less! How easily you twisted those stupid cows about your small finger!”

“Oh, hush, Cousin Lili!” begged the girl with a glance of humorous warning. “You must not betray my devious scheme!”

This admission of connivery so delighted the Frenchwoman that she took another of the delicious pâtisseries that were the pride of Mrs. Barton’s chef. Nibbling delicately, she beamed at her protégée. “I shall wait until we return home before demanding a full outline of your plans for the guildhall. Now you must reward yourself for your savoir faire by sampling at least two of these divine pastries!”





Chapter Thirteen



Major Hilary Norman was finding it very hard to dismiss a certain pair of sparkling brown eyes from his mind. At the oddest times—when he was bathing or dropping off to sleep, or even eating breakfast alone in his small kitchen—he would find himself picturing Moira there beside him, and his lean, muscular body would grow warm and he would feel protective and gentle and somehow aware of a need just to be near her. This was a new and disturbing experience for a dedicated, career-minded soldier who had never, during all his adult life, permitted himself to wallow in such emotions. He told himself firmly that when they were working together on the refurbishing of the guildhall, when in fact he was seeing the little charmer every day, he would no longer be haunted by visions of big brown eyes and a soft, sweetly curved body.

It was not surprising, then, that when the Hassletons’ footman brought Moira’s note requesting him to wait upon her in Queen’s Square, “to begin work on Cousin Henry’s project,” Major Norman rewarded the delighted youth with the largest tip the lad had ever received, and within half an hour a very eager Mr. Hilary Sly was knocking on Mr. Hassleton’s door.

Cousin Lili, having already formed her opinion of Mr. Sly, had agreed heartily with Moira’s suggestion that she arrange a consultation with the ex-soldier. Lili had also managed to recall an important engagement she could not miss, which unfortunately coincided with the visit.

“You will not mind dealing with the matter by yourself, my dear? You do have all those notes!”

Moira assured her cousin she could manage Mr. Sly by herself—and then found herself blushing. So embarrassing!

When Pomfret ushered the tall, well-dressed man into the ladies’ parlor, Moira was startled by the remarkable virility which Sly seemed to wear like a dashing military cloak. She urged him to be seated, gave him her hand, snatched it away, and found herself blushing again. Too conscious of intent steel-gray eyes and a wide white smile, she seated herself and hurried into an explanation of her personal responsibilities to Mrs. Barton’s committee. She outlined the changes to be made at the guildhall and handed her guest a sheaf of neatly copied notes.

He was watching her with that devastating grin.

“So I am to be your agent, executive officer, dogsbody, and general champion in the restoration of the guildhall?” he teased.

“Something in his manner, warm, gentle, put her at ease, and Moira beamed at him. “It is most generous of you to allow yourself to be recruited.” She said gratefully. “I only hope all this will not interfere with your own more important work!”

“More important than refurbishing the guildhall of London?” protested the gentleman, grinning wickedly. “With so major an operation on my hands, I may never get back to my own work!”

Moira was forced to bite her tongue, so eager was she to ask Sly what his own work was. She scanned his tall, lean figure carefully. He was dressed well, but without the panache that characterized such modish figures as the Marquess of Donat, for instance. Even after the dastardly ambush, Milord’s slashed and bloodied coat had proclaimed its wearer’s á-la-modality. Sly’s coat was trim yet sober, not, Moira decided, as somberly professional as that of a lawyer or a doctor, and certainly nothing like a merchant’s. What, then? A soldier, perhaps, out of his regimentals and wearing civilian dress? She raised her eyes to meet the man’s quizzical gaze.

“Decided you can trust me?” he challenged quietly.

“I knew that the first moment I saw you,” the girl surprised him by announcing. “What worries me now is that the job might be too demanding of your time and energy. Or too boring,” she added honestly.

Sly chuckled. “Tell me the worst.”

Fifteen minutes later he was wondering what he had gotten himself into. In addition to coordinating the cleaning, repainting, reglazing, and necessary small repairs to the ancient, enormous, and badly neglected historic edifice, it seemed he might also have to find replacements for broken or missing tableware, silverware, glasses, and even broken chairs! Regarding the little siren who had lured him into this trap with a stern expression, he said, “I hope you are not planning on having me select—and prepare!—the menu for this affair, as well as rebuilding the hall to hold it in? What was that you said about a picnic in the park? Far wiser, Miss Lovelace! No walls to repaint!”

Moira glanced through the windows at the rain that was streaming down in gray sheets outside. “Do you really think so?” she teased. “I do not!”

“It might clear up for the great occasion,” offered Sly hopefully.

“Most unlikely, I should say.”

Sly gave in with a laugh. “I can see I shall rue the day I allowed myself to assist one small angel of mercy in her thankless task,” he said. “By the way, speaking of gratitude, did that fellow you rescued ever get around to thanking you for delivering him safely?”

The moment the words were out of his mouth he regretted them. The girl’s soft smile became eager, and her beautiful eyes glowed like sherry. She has never sparkled like that for me, thought the disgruntled major.

“The marquess? No, I have had no word from him,” Moira admitted. “Have you heard any report about how he goes on?”

“I understand he is recovering nicely,” Sly said in a colorless tone that discouraged further discussion.

Although Moira wondered whence he had his information and longed for further details, she knew enough not to ask any more questions. Mr. Sly’s normally smiling, darkly tanned face had taken on a set, mulish look almost identical to that Moira’s papa had worn when Mama was prying into matters he did not wish to share with her. She summoned up a cheerful smile.

“We have accomplished so much today,” she said brightly. “I must thank you again for your willingness to help me bear the burden. And now let us have a cup of tea, and afterward you may instruct me as to how I can help you with the work. There is money already provided by Mr. Hassleton, so you need not fear you will have to pinch pennies!”

Sharing her soft laughter, Sly regretted his unfortunate response to her question about the marquess. Why had he pokered up that way? He did not consider himself to be a sentimental man, at the mercy of his emotions, having had all such nonsense drummed out of him during his years in the army, but he discovered that he was strangely sensitive to the moods of Miss Moira Lovelace, and very apt to respond to her in ways definitely emotional! For instance, he worried over how much damage the arrogant marquess would inflict upon the darling little fluffhead if ever she became involved with him. Then there was always the chance that the attempted murderer would next time succeed. Would Donat’s death destroy her?

Sly had learned from one of Pitt’s secretaries about Vivian Donat and Maxwell Hightower, and even a little about John Benedict, that suave and gracious dilettante. Although why the latter should be considered a threat was not immediately available to Sly’s sources. The officers at Bow Street were closemouthed and evasive, even after he had mentioned Mr. Pitt’s name. If they were subalterns of mine, Sly thought grimly, they’d open up fast enough! Even so, they had told him enough to alarm him.

The question was: Should he share any of it with Moira? Having a pretty fair idea of the girl’s mettle, Sly feared to impart to her the dangerous facts he had learned, lest she fly off again to the rescue. He did not want her poking around in matters that not only did not concern her, but that might result in her injury or death.

Yet if he did not tell her something, he was afraid she might go haring off like the greenest of recruits into the very heart of danger. Forcing himself to relax, he turned his attention back to the girl.

Moira had interpreted his scowl correctly. “You know something, probably very dangerous, but you can’t bring yourself to share that knowledge with a totty-headed female,” she said provocatively.

Sly regarded her with wry admiration. “ ‘Totty-headed?” he laughed. “I should never dare to make so severe a judgment of your pretty pate, poll, sconce, skull, noodle—”

“I see a Daniel has come to judgment—or should I say, a babblemouth?” teased Moira, delighted to engage in word games with this endearing man.

Who had now become solemn again. “You were quick enough on the mark in what you said just now about dangerous knowledge, but I cannot trust your sense of judgment,” he said honestly—and waited for feminine bridling. He was disappointed. Moira neither raged at him for his disparagement of her good sense, nor did she attempt to wheedle anything out of him. Instead she looked at him with an open acceptance of his decision, which served her better than she knew.

“Of course, you must not betray private information,” she said quietly. “It is just that it is important to me to know what hazards the marquess faces, since he is convinced I am one of the plotters against him.”

Sly shook his head. “If he believes any such nonsense as that, he should be confined to Bedlam! Oh, I remember the fact that you called him by the pet name his friends have for him. And I agree that, to a man wounded and sharply beset by ruffians, such information might, at the time, seem to prove you guilty of connivery. But it has been several weeks! By now, his lawyer and the Bow Street Runners should have been able to turn up several more likely suspects.”

“Have they?” demanded the girl.

“Yes,” admitted Sly, his voice hard.

Moira considered this. “And you know all—or most—of what they’ve ferreted out,” she decided. “But, of course, you can’t breathe a word of it, lest it harm his lordship—”

The major was getting tired of Moira’s excessive concern over a libertine who would as soon ruin her as look at her. He interrupted angrily. “—lest you go plunging headlong into matters you are quite incapable of dealing with, and get yourself killed, you little idiot!” he roared, completely losing the calm control that had so impressed his fellow officers and men during the recent war.

Moira had the temerity to grin at him.

Between feeling shocked at his own heat, and regretful of the sharp setdown he had given this darling girl, Sly experienced some difficulty in regaining his aplomb—and the upper hand in the discussion. He recalled that his superior officers had always advised that the best defense is attack. He tried that trick, reminding himself that he was addressing not a male enemy but a maddening, rash little female who might easily get herself murdered if she didn’t accept direction from a wiser and older head than her own.

In desperation, Sly adopted an overbearing, smug complacence, which immediately set the girl’s teeth on edge, as he said, with a condescending smile, “You really must permit yourself to be guided by those who know far more about these matters than a young woman could ever be expected to, my dear Miss Lovelace! Now shall we drop this unpleasant matter, and return to your real concern, the restoration of the guildhall? If anything definite is unearthed concerning the case of the ambushed marquess, you may be very sure I shall report it to my little employer!”

This nauseating speech (or so Sly deemed it the moment he had finished uttering it) was received by the girl with a kindness it did not deserve. Moira’s tone was still pleasant as she replied, “You males have a secret brotherhood, I see. Even when you don’t particularly like one another, you close ranks when a female ventures to question your omniscience. Even when, as in the case of the marquess, you all manage to demonstrate the reverse.” And now her sarcasm was obvious.

The little witch! How dared she mock him, Major Hilary Norman, Guards officer and special agent for Prime Minister William Pitt? Why the devil was she so concerned over a lecherous brute of a nobleman she didn’t even know? Out of anger and a jealousy he refused to acknowledge, Sly spoke too quickly.

“At least I have more sense than to be taken in by a handsome body and a pair of purple eyes!” he snapped.

Moira stopped smiling. She searched the dark, closed countenance, seeing only cold condemnation.

“You are right, of course.” She spoke in a dead little voice that quite pierced Sly’s suddenly remorseful heart. “How could a female who had never left the confines of her village have enough sense to deal with important matters like male treachery and villainy? You will have to forgive me for thinking I might understand or help in men’s important business.”

Sly, horrified and regretful at what he had accomplished, made a desperate effort to come about. The sight of that small, hurt face was doing uncomfortable things to him. He took a deep breath and plunged in, all desire to attack abandoned.

“I beg your pardon,” he said, his face stained dark-red with embarrassment and something more. “I spoke foolishly, out of anger at the idea that you might get yourself badly hurt while trying to protect that—er—the marquess. He is really unworthy of your concern . . . that is—” Sly took a deep breath. He was aware, from the expression on Moira’s face, that he was plunging deeper into the moat rather than scaling the walls. The girl’s huge brown eyes, still gazing at him with that lost expression, brought the man to his knees. Sly surrendered, foot, horse, and guns.

“Please forgive me,” he begged. “I—worry about you, Moira.”

Oh, splendid! jibed a small voice somewhere deep in his mind. A truly masterly attack! Wellington would be proud of you! But, strangely enough, his abject surrender evoked neither scornful anger nor mocking laughter from the victor, but instead a most delightful smile of forgiveness.

“So that is why you act so knaggy every time I so much as mention Lord Donat’s name,” she said, as one making an important discovery. Her smile became even warmer; the man basked in the delightful glow of it, wondering at his luck. “I know exactly how you feel,” Moira went on. “I myself am perhaps too strongly swayed by concern for those I care for. I was forever on the fret over Papa, who, once he got his nose in a book, could never remember to come to meals, or to attend a dinner given in honor of the squire, or even to bring a nosegay to Mama upon her birthday or their anniversary!” She beamed at him. “Most natural! How lucky I am to be included in your compassion! Now you must forgive me for being such a termagant, Mr. Sly! If I give you my word that I shall not interfere in men’s work, will you in turn trust me with some of the facts? Even though they are alarming, that will be easier to bear than total ignorance of the dangers you will be facing as you work to protect his lordship. One calls up fearful images when one does not know the true facts.”

Heartened by the knowledge that some, at least, of Miss Lovelace’s fears were for his own safety, Sly proceeded to brief Moira upon the more-widely known threats to Milord’s person. The young woman would already have known of them, and half a hundred more, both real and imagined, if she had been a member of the beau monde in which the marquess moved. As it was, even the bits of information he felt it permissible to share with her had her frowning and biting at her soft lower lip in a manner that quite fascinated the soldier.

Moira heard him out with a sober expression. At the end of the recital she asked quietly, “What had I best do? Oh, I know I must not interfere directly in a situation so fraught with danger, and I do understand that Bow Street and other proper authorities are working upon the problem, but you must understand that I do not wish to be thought a part of any conspiracy against the marquess. From what you have said, and from my own brief contact with him,” recalling the big, warm body in her arms, Moira blushed again, “I am sure he links me with his vicious attackers.”

Sly was forced to admit the accuracy of this assumption, yet the only resolution he could think of, which was for Miss Lovelace to wait upon the marquess at Donat Town House and present her case, was for some reason extremely distasteful to him. While he mulled the matter, frowning, Moira was doing some mulling of her own.

For one thing, she was forced to reassess her opinion of her companion. He had shown sensitivity and concern as well as the cold anger that so deflated her. Watching him as he frowned over the best course to take out of their dilemma, the girl saw as if for the first time the tall, well-set-up man with the deeply tanned features. She had lightly dismissed him as being slender and unremarkable. She now realized that the slenderness was a lean whipcord strength without an ounce of fat or flab. The steel-gray glance could soften and warm into a sort of silver glow when Sly was moved by gentler emotions of caring and concern. And as she could testify, when the unremarkable man got angry, he became very impressive indeed—frightening, in fact! Moira was learning to evaluate the mysterious male sex upon entirely new levels.

There was still the provocative question of the real occupation of Mr. Sly, protector of rash females, executive officer to guildhall restorers, but regretfully Moira set it aside in order to deal with the more urgent problem of the menaced—and vengeful—peer.

“It has been three weeks since the ambush, and Bow Street has not been able to identify the culprits,” she complained.

“How do you know that?” Sly challenged her. “Do the Runners report to you? Why should they?”

Ignoring this childish remark, Moira said, “We should have heard something definite if they had found the villain.”

Sly grinned at her naïveté. “Should we, indeed? Do you not think the principals in this affair are important enough to hush up a scandal?”

“You are reminding me—again!—that I am nothing but a country mouse,” began the girl with rising irritation.

“I am informing you—again—that the apprehension of powerful, ruthless, well-born criminals is no business of yours!” the beleaguered soldier heard his voice rising again. He set his jaw. This was like a damned seesaw! Just when he thought he had her calmed down and friendly, her fiery temper flared again! And he knew exactly why it kept happening. She was still mooning over that damned lecher!

“Why can you not permit the proper authorities to do the work they are trained for?” he burst out, exasperated.

“Because they aren’t doing it!” snapped the girl.

They exchanged glares like two childish antagonists.

Suddenly seeing the humor of it, Sly laughed. His stern professional stance softened into affectionate amusement. “You are a regular little firebrand, aren’t you? You look about ten-years-old, scowling so horrendously at me! You need not be afraid, dear child! I have constituted myself your protector as well as your dogsbody, and shall make personally sure that the bullyboys of the wicked marquess and his enemies do not hurt you.”

Then, observing the battle between outrage and curiosity on her expressive little face, Sly continued gently, “I have arranged with Bow Street that there will be an officer on watch during the whole twenty-four hours of the day. Oh, quite unobtrusively, of course, in suitable disguise. We have no wish to draw public attention to your—connection with the naughty marquess.”

Smiling, Sly waited for her thanks. In vain.

Deeply affronted by his mocking dismissal of her as a—what had he said?—scowling ten-year-old, who, it now appeared, needed a nursemaid, Moira completely failed to notice the affection in his voice and manner. She set her jaw defiantly and told the insufferably grinning creature, “You agreed to hire on as my investigator, which implies that you will report everything to me, not keep me in the dark as though I were a petulant child!”

Back to square one, thought the major. Was there no reasoning with females? “I agreed to manage the smartening up of a historic building,” he retorted stiffly. “The other suggestion—the investigation of the ambush—is quite beyond your province, as it is beyond mine. What part could you hope to play in such work? I thought we had settled it that the proper agencies were already dealing with the crime?” He took a deep breath. “Now, do you wish me to assist you with the Hassleton project, or do you not? If not, I shall return to my own—employment, from which I had requested a leave of absence in order to help you.”

So much for friendlier relations, mourned the girl. He has, in effect, put me in my place. I may pretend that I am his employer, but as a matter of fact he is offering me only as much of his time and attention as he wishes, to be spent in the sort of work he will agree to do! Beyond her annoyance at his male intransigence there lurked a painful sense of loss. For a few minutes it had seemed as though there was a meeting of minds, of hearts, which had been cemented by laughter. Sighing, Moira admitted that it was she who had broken the moment with her petulant demand to control Sly’s behavior. She squared her shoulders and accepted the rebuff.

“You are right again, I have been difficult and ungrateful, Mr. Sly,” she said quietly. “If you will forgive me, I shall be most grateful for whatever help you wish to provide.”

Sly cautioned himself to stay on guard this time. It seemed the working with this little woman was like riding on a teeter-totter, swept joyously up and then jolted disconcertingly down in response to her unpredictable whims. He made his voice very cool as he replied, “Since I am no architect, nor even an expert in cleaning and restoring old buildings, my first business will be to employ knowledgeable workmen. It would never do to replace some authentic, if worm-eaten, medieval woolsack with a Georgian fakery.”

“What on earth is a woolsack?” demanded Moira, unhappy at Sly’s cool response to her humble, heartfelt apology. But she had lost her advantage. Sly was armored against her appeals. As she learned immediately.

“One thing more,” he was telling her in a tone his subalterns would immediately have recognized. “You had better begin to call me by my proper name, since we shall be dealing with city officers and others to whom pseudonyms might appear questionable. I am Major Hilary Norman, Grenadier Guards, at present seconded to—to a member of our government who must remain nameless. You may address me as Major Norman, Miss Lovelace.”

Pausing for a moment to observe the effect of this rebuke, Sly continued less harshly, “I shall get matters going at the guildhall and report to you and Mrs. Hassleton here as the need arises. I believe I have your directions for the refurbishing, and your statement as to the amount of money that may be spent.”

With a smart, formal salute the major strode out of the room.

Now I’ve done it, the girl groaned. I’ve really hurt his feelings!

She discovered that this was of more concern to her than she might have expected. After all, she was not bound or committed to the soldier in any way but a business one. Why then did she feel this sense of loss, of having thrown away something very important? At least the major had agreed to return and report on the progress of the guildhall repairs. She would see him again . . . and perhaps find a way to soothe his wounded feelings.

Thoroughly convinced of her own lack of skill in dealing with men of the world, and especially with good-looking arrogant ones, be they soldiers or noblemen, Moira spent the next half hour berating herself for her ineptitude and wondering how she could get a note of apology off to a gentleman whose address she did not know, although she had spent a night in his bedroom. Oh, of course, Pomfret would have it! He had sent the footman to summon Sly today.

Then she wasted further time thinking about her real concern, the safety of the marquess of Donat, about which she could do nothing, and trying to comfort herself with her favorite fantasy, which was to picture his beautiful violet eyes warmly admiring, his smile tender, as he bent is magnificent shoulders above her.

Only to discover that a pair of hard, challenging, yet reproachful gray eyes kept replacing the dazzling orbs of Adonis, as though reminding her who was her friend, and who her enemy. Moira had a horrid thought. Was she fickle? She had never felt a romantic interest in any man before. There had been no possible candidates in South Littlefield. And now—two men! She decided she was too vulnerable, and would have to harden her heart, put up a shield! Was that what was meant by “getting a little town bronze”? She must ask Lili.





Major Hilary Norman spent an even longer time that day cursing his own heavy-handedness in dealing with the exasperating little female. Of course, it had been her own fault, but quite illogically, he found he couldn’t continue to be angry with her. He was too busy being angry at himself for a cowhanded bungler.





Chapter Fourteen



The Marquess of Donat sat at the desk in his book-room, preparing himself to storm the fortress of the Lovelace woman. A rakish black-silk patch covered the healing wound on his forehead, striking a rather effective note against his golden curls. His eyebrows were drawn into a frown as he glanced through the grubby notes supplied by Nims.

Spinster.

Small wonder! The marquess’s elegant nostrils flared scornfully as he rejected a fugitive memory of large, truly beautiful eyes.

Orphan. Granddaughter of a chef. Daughter of a penniless scholar. Twenty-four-years old.

She’s older than I am, Adam, who was twenty-three, thought complacently. An ape-leader, in fact! It did not bother him that the difference in their ages was just a year. Any woman of twenty-four, unless she was an acknowledged beauty or a leader of society, was definitely on the shelf. For the dozenth time dismissing a disturbing memory of soft, warm flesh beneath his cheek and firmly supporting arms—for that must surely have been a hallucination born of the fever from his wounds or the knock on his head—Adam returned to Nims’s report.

Presently living in the house of city merchant Henry Hassleton, Queen’s Square. Treated as family, not servant. While still in mourning for parents, subject is not in seclusion. Is working with “Sly” to clean up guildhall for a subscription dinner. It is widely rumored that Hassleton is trying to get himself elected lord mayor!!

This last tidbit of gossip was heavily underlined. It seemed clear to Adam that his intelligencer wished him to note it carefully. Now, why—? Ah, yes! If the jumped-up cit had political ambitions, then it followed that a threat to disclose his protégée’s criminal activities would have a powerful effect. Good! Tossing the report into a drawer, Adam rose from his desk and strode over to the window, which overlooked the square.

He had at first intended to summon the treacherous female to Donat Town House, there to confront her with his knowledge of her criminal activities and demand the name of her employer. However, Nims’s research had not turned up any connection with any sort of previous activity in London. It was plain to the meanest intelligence that the chit was a new recruit to crime. Which meant, of course, that she had been enlisted by the man Sly, about whom Nims had been able to dig out absolutely nothing.

That in itself was a puzzle. Whatever Nims’s background, he obviously had the knack of ferreting out even the most carefully guarded secrets. Yet he had acknowledged himself at a standstill in his investigation of Sly. Adam rubbed his chin. Could he force Lovelace to expose her fellow rogue! Certainly not if he gave her time to consult with the fellow and work up a story! Much wiser to drop in upon the woman where she lurked in the false security of the cit’s home, surprise her, and under threat of ruining her host’s chances at civic recognition, get the truth out of her.

Nodding decisively, the marquess strode out to the noble entrance hall—famous for its white marble floor and carved marble busts set in recesses after the Italian fashion—and demanded a closed carriage he brought around immediately. Better to give the plotters no warning of his approach!



Luck was with him. He arrived at Queen’s Square at a moment when the culprit was particularly vulnerable. Cousin Lili had rushed out at the urgent request of her modiste to settle the problem of a questionable décolletage on a gown ordered for the crucial dinner party that very night. (Was it, fretted Camille, low enough?) Henry was at his office as usual, and the servants were in a fury of activity preparing the mansion for the night’s festivities. So Moira was quite alone when a young footman, substituting for Pomfret, who was engaged in the important business of making selections from the wine cellar for the dinner, announced a Mrs. Sly, “about the guildhall, miss.”

Moira, who was feeling lonely and dispirited, jumped up and moved eagerly forward to welcome her major—only to stop short as she saw the magnificent figure who was advancing grimly toward her from the doorway. Getting the full shock of Adonis’s superb and beautiful masculinity Moira was irresistibly put in mind of Squire Brackett’s peacock, with all its colorful plumage flaunted in militant display to quell a rival.

In a panic, she tried to call back the footman to defend her against the obviously hostile nobleman. But the youth, uneasy at his unaccustomed task, had already closed the door, cutting off escape.

The marquess did not halt his menacing advance until he was within a foot of his victim. So close, in fact, was he, that the girl could catch the familiar scent of spice that clung so elegantly about Milord’s person, and see the cold glare of anger in his eyes. For one long, dazzled moment, Moira was unable to tear her gaze away from the beautiful face, now thankfully healed of all but a few of the knife wounds: the sensuous mouth, the arrogant nose, the violet eyes, all crowned by a cap of golden curls. Adonis!

Her visitor was not similarly struck speechless. “Miss Lovelace, I presume?” he inquired.

It was most unfair to the female sex, Moira thought, that his voice should match the rest of him in masculine appeal. Like rough black velvet. . . . Her visitor stood waiting, a distinct sneer on his handsome countenance. Waiting—? wondered the girl. Oh! She gathered her scattered wits.

“Yes, I am Moira Lovelace, my lord,” she managed. Then, raising her glance to the rakish black patch under the golden curls, she said softly, “I am so glad you are nearly recovered!”

“No thanks to you and your fancy man,” said the marquess with calculated crudeness. He had decided upon his plan of attack and was already enjoying it even more than he had expected. His eyes in their turn scanned the softly rounded female figure before him, caught momentarily by the firm globes tastefully draped by what his experience told him was a very modish and expensive black silk dress. He knew the way that warm, sweet-scented flesh would feel under his cheek! So she had held him in the carriage that night!

Suddenly the faintest quirk of doubt tugged at his mind; surely so well-dressed a young woman, treated as a member of the family in this tasteless but obviously costly mansion, would not need to hire out to a band of murderous ruffians? Her gentle consideration for his person did not match with the vicious behavior of her fellow conspirators. Perhaps she had been gulled—? Milord, feeling unusually magnanimous, opened his mouth to offer her a temporary truce—in return for everything she knew about the ambush.

He was too late.

Country mouse Moira had finally caught the reference to her “fancy man” and was furious. The marquess was proving himself as cruel and unjust as Sly had warned her he was; and she, foolishly accepting the counsel of her heart, had refused to believe it. She glared up into the amethyst eyes.

“Fancy man! That is a vile canard! It is just as everyone warned me: You are nothing but an insensitive, arrogant, pigheaded monster! So puffed-up with your own consequence and the obsequious flattery of—of sycophantic females that you cannot see truth when it hits you in the face! As I should like to do!” the little fury concluded.

Shocked by this unexpected—and unexpectedly literate—harangue, Adam had the bad taste to laugh.

Gasping with outrage, Moira took a step forward and lifted her small hand to slap her tormentor. Adam, piqued by the closer proximity of those soft globes he remembered, steeled himself to accept the blow without flinching.

To the surprise of both antagonists, Moira, after a long stare, lowered her arm to her side.

“Do hit me,” invited Adam silkily. “You will feel so much better, and I shall be confirmed in my opinion of you as a vicious slut.”

Moira responded quietly. “You know I cannot slap your face, no matter how much you deserve it. I might hurt your head.”

“That consideration would stop you?” Adam’s smile goaded her. “Don’t try to gammon me, woman!”

Moira held grimly to her composure. “Why have you come here?” she asked, ignoring both his crudity and his mockery.

“To see you, of course, and discover if your bosom was as comfortable as I remembered it,” sneered the nobleman. Then, meeting the steady gaze of those large brown eyes, he had the grace to say honestly, “I came to give you a last chance to tell me the truth about your part in the attack on me. If you are willing to confess all, especially the name of the person who employed you, I shall, in turn, be willing to conceal your part in the ambush—thus avoiding a scandal that would ruin Hassleton’s chance to be elected lord mayor.”

Moira stared at the beautiful devil in horror. He could not mean the things he had just said, the threat he had made! But perhaps Hilary and all the others who had warned her against this man were correct. Perhaps Lord Donat was in truth the self-centered monster he had been named.

At this moment something deep in Moira’s being, some hitherto-untested strength, came to her assistance. Instead of railing against the false accusations, or pleading for mercy for her cousin’s husband, Moira motioned her self-invited guest to a comfortable chair.

“Will you please be seated, sir? May I offer you tea?”

“What sort of game are you playing now?” snapped the marquess. “Tea? With a woman who tried to have me murdered?”

“You have made up your mind as to my guilt in the matter, then,” stated Moira as calmly as she was able. “I understood you to say you came here to learn the truth.”

Adam seated himself in the chair with ostentatious impatience. “I take it you have decided to offer me information, then?” He gestured with one hand. “Go on.”

In the same calm voice Moira recounted the events of the day leading up to the discovery of the ambush. She had scarcely got to the point of describing how she had jumped down from the coach, when the marquess sat forward angrily.

“Why do you waste my time like this?” he snapped. “I know you were working for the man Sly—”

“Mr. Sly was one of the passengers in the stagecoach,” Moira continued doggedly. “When I insisted upon getting down to help you after that brute had knocked you senseless, the clergyman and Mr. Sly got down also. I asked, but no one would accompany you in your carriage to guard your head from further injury. You were unconscious; your coachman had been killed; your single groom was needed to drive the vehicle! I could not bear that any injured man should be thrown into a carriage with a dead man, to be jostled about for three hours!” Against her will, two tears overflowed her lids and slid down cheeks.

Adam tried to sneer, but there was some quality in the solemn little face across from him that prevented him. After a moment he said, “And how did Mr. Sly enter the picture, if you two had never met?”

“When the clergyman told me your own servants would take care of you, that it was none of my business to interfere, I—I became angry at him. I told him someone must play the Good Samaritan. At which point Mr. Sly laughed and came forward,” she recalled meticulously. “I asked him if he would be willing to accompany me in your coach, to see you safely home. He said it was a sensible plan—and that your family would be grateful!” With a minatory glance, she went on, “Mr. Sly agreed to help. And that is the sum of it, milord,” she ended bravely.

“Not quite,” Adam advised her, a little irked at the criticism of his manners implied by her emphasis on grateful. “There are still two matters that must be explained. The first, that you called me—a stranger whom you claim you had never heard of before—by a name used only by my intimates.”

Adam paused to observe with interest the betraying color that was flooding the girl’s face. The little female was blushing! She spoke hurriedly, her eyes for the first time failing to meet his.

“Your spies may have told you that my father was a scholar, sir? He often shared his interest and knowledge with me . . . Greek and Roman mythology. . . . When I saw your face for the first time, I—I was put in mind of Apollo—and Adonis!” Her head came up, and she faced his complacent grin proudly. “It is surely no surprise to your lordship that your—ah—countenance should remind anyone of those two mythical figures? After all, your friends have all made the connection!”

Finding himself to be pleased rather than affronted by this frank declaration, the marquess compelled himself to return to the second point at issue.

“Thank you for the compliment,” he said in a tone he tried to make mocking. “There is, I am afraid, another question I must ask. How is that you came to deal so well with this chance-met acquaintance, Sly, that you agreed to spend the night with him? Did he, too, remind you of one of the Greek gods? I am given to understand that you did not present yourself at this house until the following morning.”

Moira’s face was again flaunting its colors, but this time the emotion behind the blush was fury at the insult. How fortunate that she had not betrayed Major Norman’s identity to this monster! “What excellent spies you have, my lord! I am sure it would be no use at all to tell you I was so exhausted from holding your not-inconsiderable bulk in my arms for three hours—at the end, I might add, of a day crowded with bruising accidents in the stagecoach—that I could hardly hold my head erect by the time we delivered you to your house. Having assured ourselves that you were in competent hands, with a physician in attendance, we went out to the carriage—your carriage, milord, which your splendid groom, moved by a sense of gratitude apparently rare in your household, had arranged to send us to our own homes in.” The little virago, breathless from her harangue, favored her inquisitor with a jaundiced glare. For some reason the marquess found this amusing.

Fuming, Moira continued. “At this time I discovered that, since it was well after midnight, I might find it awkward to sign into a hostel in a strange city. At which point the man who had so graciously assisted me in rescuing you offered me the courtesy of his home for the rest of the night. I could hardly have forced myself upon my cousin’s kindness at that hour!”

Adam was experiencing two emotions hitherto rare to him: a sense of embarrassment at his own failure to express suitable gratitude for the young woman’s efforts on his behalf, which had been truly commendable in a stranger, and a rampant curiosity to know exactly what had been the nature and extent of the hospitality offered by the man Sly. Adam searched the woman’s face boldly, trying to solve the mystery she was presenting to him. Steady brown eyes met his fearlessly, challenging his manhood—and his courtesy.

Since he had never had to apologize to any living creature in his life, he found it difficult to do so to this knaggy little spinster. Still—noblesse oblige! Squaring his shoulders, he said stiffly, “Much obliged to you, Miss Lovelace, for your trouble in seeing me safe home. I had thought—mistakenly, I am beginning to believe—that you were in league with the conspirators. You must admit the evidence was against you—”

At this point, he became aware that his proposed apology and thanks were taking more the form of another accusation. If he had not noticed it himself, he would certainly have been made conscious of his ineptitude by the growing flush of annoyance on the girl’s face.

Moira raised her hand as arrogantly as the marquess had ever done. “Enough, milord! You bog yourself down deeper with every carping word! Let us cry quits. I freely release you from any further need to apologize or feel gratitude. You, for your part, may control your rampant imagination to the extent of accepting my innocence of any wish to harm you—or, in fact, ever to set eyes on you again!”

Well! That was definite enough, acknowledged the marquess. He had never in all his spoiled life been addressed with quite such stern criticism, such open dislike. He was willing to admit that he had handled the affair of the compassionate spinster with less than his usual aplomb. Damn it, he wasn’t sure why his normal skill at manipulating his fellow humans had failed so badly with this little nobody. In fact, it appeared he had bungled the matter so thoroughly that he would never be permitted to see the woman again.

At that thought he paused. Never see her again? But surely that was a consummation devoutly to be desired, was it not? His goal, if she had proved innocent of the charges. If she was not guilty—and that had been the consensus of all his advisers except Nims—there was no need to meet with her again.

Then, why did he have the feeling that he had just lost an important contest? He told himself it was time he made his adieus, got himself out of the merchant’s pretentious mansion before the little shrew had him evicted.

Moira shocked him again.

Her conscience had been hurting her over the much-needed setdown she had been forced to give the arrogant nobleman. Some illogical urge to prolong the conversation prompted her to babble. “I suppose I must warn you that I hired Mr. Sly to investigate the ambush, with the hope of discovering the culprits and protecting you from another vicious attack . . .” Moira hesitated, alarmed by the flush of outrage the marquess was exhibiting. “. . . and to free myself from further false charges,” she ended hastily.

“Indeed?” grated the nobleman. “So I am to understand that Miss Lovelace is now to assume the role of my protector, guardian, wet nurse?” Adam raged on, delighted with the chance to give the impudent female some of her own medicine. “I am to have my privacy invaded and my peace shattered by a motley crew of commoners, prying and meddling into my affairs? I think not, Miss Interfering Lovelace!”

Moira had originally intended to go on, chattily, to reveal the true name and style of Hilary Norman. The ugly attack by the marquess changed her mind.

“My only thought was to protect my privacy, and my good name, from your wicked calumnies!” she lied. His remark about a wet nurse had made her almost as furious as he appeared to be. “I am not at all sure how far one may safely trust the noble marquess’s clemency, since his perception of facts changes from moment to moment!”

By now anxious to get himself away from the chit before he did her an injury, the marquess treated her to his most elaborate bow, to a tight-lipped, humorless smile, and to the sight of his splendid shoulders vanishing through the doorway.

Moira sank into a chair and sat staring in front of her at a particularly ugly portrait of Henry Hassleton until Cousin Lili came in search of her, with orders to dress immediately or she would be late for the dinner in her own honor.





Chapter Fifteen



Cousin Lili bustled into Moira’s bedroom that evening to check on her protégée’s appearance. She stopped short in real surprise as she saw what a top-of-the-trees modiste like Camille could do with a twenty-four-year-old spinster, given time, a free hand, and unlimited finances. Lili had never really appreciated the girl’s figure, clothed as it had been on arrival in a dowdy redingote, and since then in a hastily assembled, somber, ready-to-wear wardrobe.

The new garment, designed and tailored to present the young woman’s figure at its feminine best, created a breathtaking effect. What excellent breasts the girl had, proudly shaped above a slender waist! And displayed to full advantage by the clinging Empire dress, thought Lili with a smothered giggle. The color, a dark amber, was more suitable for a young woman past her first blush than an insipid pastel would have been. Even more remarkable was the way the rich, soft color enhanced the girl’s complexion and brought the truly beautiful brown eyes to one’s notice. How was it that so downy a bird as Lili conceived herself to be had missed the unusual quality of her country cousin? Épatant!

Striking Moira certainly was. Where she had appeared stocky, she was now revealed to be richly yet sweetly curved. And her hair! Lili had to give credit to her own dresser, the formidable Totham, for creating a smooth, shining crown in place of the shaggy, badly cut undisciplined mass of hair the girl had sported on her arrival. The color, alas, was neither dashingly brunet nor dazzlingly blond. It was a soft brown, a little lighter than her eyes. But Totham had rendered it into a silky coronet, which displayed to good advantage the high cheekbones, delicate straight nose, and generous soft mouth. To say nothing of the beautiful eyes. The girl was no diamond, Lili conceded honestly, nor was she likely to set the beau monde agog. Perhaps, given Moira’s background, that was just as well. Lili planned to marry her cousin off well, but snaring a nobleman was far beyond her dreams. So now she complimented Moira most sincerely upon the striking improvement in her appearance and asked Totham whether she should not apply a little of the marvelous maquillage Camille had supplied. She was surprised when both the other women chuckled.

“Told you she wouldn’t spot it,” crowed Totham, with a good humor strikingly at odds with her normal gloom.

“Totham has applied color to my cheeks, and just a breath of it to my lips,” confessed Moira. “I was afraid it would make me look silly—but you can’t even detect it!”

“Then, why bother?” snapped the Frenchwoman, peering crossly into the dressing-table mirror at her own well-painted face.

Her testy mood did not last, however; she was too pleased with the effect a little savoir faire could create.

Even Henry, impatiently waiting in the drawing room for the ladies to arrive, was impressed by the picture they made as they entered the large, ostentatiously furnished apartment.

“You took so long over your dressing, I thought I should have to greet our guests by myself,” he grumbled. Then his heavy features softened into a smile. “It was worth it,” he conceded. “You both look as fine as fivepence!”

Whatever Lili might have replied to this very mundane compliment was not known, for Pomfret threw open the double doors at this moment to announce the first of the guests.

Within the next twenty minutes, Henry was pleased to behold every single person who had received an invitation to meet his wife’s cousin entering his drawing room. Most of the guests were Henry’s fellow merchants and their wives. One or two had adult offspring especially invited as companions for Miss Lovelace. One alderman and his wife had accepted the invitation. And a doubtful Henry had acceded to Lili’s insistence, permitting her to include Mr. Sly on the list.

“But none of us knows the fellow!” the merchant had protested. “Chance-met on a stagecoach! He could be anybody! And with a name like that—!

He brought Moira safely to us,” Lili reminded him. “And helped her rescue the wounded nobleman.”

“A fat lot of gratitude the nobleman showed,” grumbled Henry. “Not even a posy or a note of thanks!”

“He did pay a duty call today,” ventured Moira.

Mr. Hassleton’s eyebrows lifted. “Someone might have told me,” he sniffed. It occurred to him that a connection with one of London’s elite might in some way be brought to his advantage. Filing that idea for later consideration, Henry waited with mounting suspicion for the arrival of the fellow with the queer name.

Moira was having second thoughts as the minutes ticked by. She should have warned Cousin Lili about Sly’s real name and position; but she was not sure under which guise he would choose to present himself. She should have asked Hilary not to accept the invitation, but she still had no idea of his address. Had Lili invited him the last time he had called, or had she obtained his address through Pomfret? Of course, her worldy-wise cousin had been ignorant of the quarrel and the succeeding coldness between her cousin and the executive officer, as he had so charmingly designated himself. Moira had not heard from him, or of him, since that disastrous interview in the ladies’ parlor, when they had swung between warm accord and chilling anger. Unfortunately, they had parted upon the latter note, and Moira had a lowering conviction that the gallant soldier would send his excuses rather than meet again with so ungrateful a female as herself.

The officer made his appearance just as Lili was getting ready to give the signal to enter the dining room. When Pomfret announced Major Hilary Norman, there was so much satisfaction in the butler’s voice that the eyes of nearly everyone in the room swiveled to the doorway to take in the restrained magnificence of the newcomer’s dress uniform, and the even more impressive self-confidence in the handsome officer’s expression and bearing.

It was fortunate that the guests were looking at the soldier rather than at their hosts, for the same ludicrous expression of shock decorated each of the three faces. Henry who had never met Mr. Hilary Sly, and who had been, moreover, given a carefully edited account of the rescue on the stagecoach, was wondering if this top-o’-the-trees military man had gotten himself into the wrong party. Then, as the name Hilary rang a bell—for Henry was no fool—a horrid suspicion that Lili had togged out the ex-soldier in a rented costume to pull off his (nonexistent) consequence turned the host’s welcoming smile into an angry glare.

Lili, quicker to the mark than her husband, defused the potentially explosive situation by taking the arm of the most distinguished guest, the city alderman who had consented to grace their party, and announcing in a clear voice, “Shall we go in to dinner, ladies and gentlemen?”

As Henry, reminded of his duty, sought out the alderman’s wife to offer his arm, Moira warily watched the enigmatic major advance toward her. The officer stood out among the overdressed self-consequential group of cits like an eagle among barnyard fowls. Or, Moira warned herself, catching the steely glint in those gray eyes, like a wolf in a flock of fat sheep!

As the wolf loomed over her, offering his arm in correct form, Moira scanned the dark face. The silver eyes were narrowed with amusement, she was relieved to observe. His thin upper lip cut a straight line across the white teeth. The lower lip, she noted, was sensuously full and curved above a strong chin. He had the most distracting smile she had ever seen.

“Impressed?” asked the man, with far too much awareness of the effect he was creating.

In spite of her surprise at the metamorphosis of Sly into Major Hilary Norman, Moira found herself enjoying the encounter very much indeed. He had forgiven her! Ignoring the effect the dashing soldier was having upon her emotions, Moira took the offered arm. She smiled delightfully up into the dark, admiring face. Two could play at this game, she discovered with pleasure. She had a new rig-out, too!

“Impressed?” she tossed back naughtily.

“May I be permitted to tell you how charming you look this evening, Miss Lovelace?” asked the deep voice.

“You may,” smiled Moira. “In fact, you probably have to, whatever you actually think!” She grinned like an urchin. “I only hope you can carry off this—ah—masquerade without involving us all in a scandal.”

“Brat,” retorted the soldier appreciatively. “Shall we follow our host, who is most correctly following his wife who is most correctly leading the way with the guest of honor—which you, actually, should most correctly be, but are not?”

Moira chuckled, recalling just this silly wordplay from their very first meeting. She permitted the soldier to escort her into the dining room, where the guests were already taking their places around the massive table. Sly, seating her near the middle of one side, let his glance slide over the much-too-elaborate furnishings.

“Don’t say it!” warned the girl, eyes twinkling. “Don’t even think it! Your position here among the cits is untenable, Major; unprotected, solitary and vulnerable!”

“On the contrary, Miss L,” announced the gallant officer with smug complacence, “I am known as the Hostess’s Dream. I am handsome, of good style and impeccable lineage, dazzling in my dress uniform. The perfect partner, in fact, for a middle-aged spinster-relative up from the country.” Then, grinning, the wretch waited for the caustic setdown they both knew the girl could not permit herself to make in this situation.

Moira surprised him. With an affected titter, she rolled her lovely eyes at him, and said, in a voice clearly audible to their neighbors on either side, “La, Major Norman! Such a charming compliment, but quite untrue! I vow I cannot accept such brummagem!”

Observing the voracious, poorly concealed interest in everyone within reach of her clear voice, the major surrendered and seated his little battlemaid without further badinage. As he took his place beside her, his grin made that devastating white slash in his brown face.

“Every good soldier enjoys a challenge,” he told her softly. “That is a precept one learns at one’s sergeant’s—ah—knee.” Then he offered quite a different smile to her wary brown gaze. Tender. Supportive. “Be at ease, child! I really am a major, as I told you when last we met—was it only this afternoon?—my name is Norman, and I have truly come to help, not to hinder. Since I am sure to meet some of these merchants during the refurbishing of the guildhall, I could not risk getting us into an imbroglio with a pseudonym like Sly.”

“Obviously a nickname given you by your fellow officers,” teased the girl softly. “And well-deserved, I should think!” Then, before he could reply to that thrust, Moira went on, “Have you anything to report to me, Executive Officer?”

She was expecting a few words concerning Sly’s progress at the guildhall. The major surprised her.

“Quite a bit, but it had better wait until a less public moment, I think. It involves a spy set to watch you by the Marquess of Donat.”

Moira was forced to concede, with a sinking feeling, that spies and vengeful noblemen were hardly the most desirable material for discussion at a formal dinner party. The comment also reminded her of Sly’s announcement that he had asked Bow Street to detail a Runner to protect her. Though she strove to hide the emotions, both alarm and annoyance were reflected in Moira’s expressive little countenance.

The major could have done himself an injury for so crassly intruding serious business into a social occasion. I have been too long at war, he chastised himself. In the hope of retrieving the situation, he set himself to charm and interest his neighbors at the table. Their awe of the resplendent military uniform was soon overcome. Sly made some flattering references to the wonderful assistance the people of London had given their armies overseas, and at home, and the ice was broken. Then the wily Major welcomed questions as to his own connection with the brightening up of the guildhall. He was able to toss in some admiring comments on the historical importance of the government of the city by its lord mayor, sheriffs, and aldermen, which service went back—“as I have no need to remind this company!” —to William the Conqueror’s treaty with the city in 1066.

Catching and holding the dazzled stares, Sly added, “At that time they, under their city leader or alderman,” with an inclination toward the honor-guest, “fought bravely. Their alderman was wounded, but they wouldn’t give up!”

This was well received.

Next he reminded his audience, which consisted by now of every person at the large table, of the history of the guildhall, its dreadful destruction in the Great Fire of 1666, and its splendid rebuilding.

Henry was heard to repeat. “They wouldn’t give up!”

Alderman Frizzel proposed a toast to that sentiment, which was duly honored.

Then Sly spoke warmly of the splendid example the guildhall presented of government-by-the-people—the freemen, merchants, guildsmen all working sensibly and effectively together to insure fair and equitable treatment for all the citizens of the city of London. By the time dinner was over, the guests were vociferously expressing the opinion that this had been the best and most interesting function they had attended in a long time. And when, flushed with Henry’s excellent wine, the alderman proposed a toast to “Our gracious host, Mr. Hassleton, who has given so generously to restore the luster of our beloved guildhall!” It was honored with a right goodwill by everyone present.

The sense of well-deserved pride continued throughout the evening. When the last guest finally departed (it was Major Norman), Henry wrung his hand warmly.

Rejoining the weary ladies in the drawing room, Henry was almost speechless with satisfaction. Almost. He first thanked Pomfret, who had been responsible for the inspired selection of wines and liqueurs to accompany the food, as well as for the smooth running of the entire function. Then he smiled at Lili, enjoying her pert response. Finally he turned his sharp gaze upon Moira, who was beaming happily at her cousin.

“Thank you, Cousin Lili, for my welcome party!” she said.

Henry gave an approving nod. “You did well, Moira. Oh, I know you’ve been behind my Lili, cheering her along, acting the dogsbody! But the best thing you ever did was to hire that soldier fellow to carry out my orders for cleaning the hall.” He shook his head admiringly. “He sold it to ’em, from A to Izzard, and he sold me to ’em as well! Alderman Frizzel and that wife of his will have it all through the wards before breakfast tomorrow! What was it you said, girl? The name of Henry Hassleton, forever linked to the guildhall!” He rubbed his hands together delightedly. “It’s true, by George!”

Buoyed up by the general euphoria, Moira dared to hope that her host was correct, and that all her troubles were over. Unfortunately she had forgotten Sly’s ominous information about the marquess’s spy, and did not recall it until she was lying in bed, drowsily reviewing the satisfying events of the evening. When she did remember, her body stiffened. It seemed that Adonis still distrusted her—hated her. There was always the possibility that Sly’s intelligence was dated, that the marquess had dismissed his spy after the stormy encounter in Lili’s parlor. Surely Milord was convinced of her innocence now?

The girl lay awake for a long time, remembering the feeling of a head covered with golden curls pressed against her breast.





Chapter Sixteen



Adam waited impatiently for his intelligencer the following morning. Nims was usually well before time, sitting silently in the servants’ hall fingering his grubby notebook. But today he did not appear. The marquess finally came out of his library to look for him and was told that the fellow hadn’t shown his face that day.

A groom was immediately dispatched to Nims’s lodgings, where it was learned that Nims had not been seen for two days, although he had been visited by one or two men, and had been heard by the manager to leave with one of them late at night.

Adam tried to remember exactly what new information he had sent Nims to ferret out. He had been ordered to track down the fellow Sly, of course, and to discover what he could about Vivian Donat’s scurrilous attacks upon Adam’s reputation. Nims had offered to try to find out what the latest scandalous bit of gossip was concerned with, and if possible, who was helping Vivian to spread the filth.

It was not hard to spread rumors in the hotbed of London society. A word dropped here, a knowing smile there, an on-dit whispered into an avid ear, and the thing was done. A man’s or a woman’s reputation blasted, families humiliated, ancient names debased. Adam was brooding over the idea that Vivian seemed to have little respect for the name and consequence that, after all, were as much his as Adam’s, when he was interrupted by his butler announcing a messenger from the magistrate’s office at Bow Street.

The Runner correctly remained at attention as he delivered his message. The body of one Alfred Nims (age unknown; profession unknown; address, a grimy mews in a back alley of the city of London) had been discovered by the indignant head clerk of Weston’s, tailor to the ton, on old Bond Street this morning, just outside the doorway of the establishment. Said body now waiting at the morgue for positive identification by Milord the marquess.

Adam was thunderstruck. “But how did you connect the man Nims with me—?” he stammered, with some idea of denying any knowledge. “If Vivian has made some absurd statement—”

“We are not at liberty to reveal our sources, milord.”

Adam’s frown would have made a weaker man quail. “What business could this possibly be of mine?” he demanded.

“A note was found in the pocket of the deceased, milord.” The Runner took his neat commonplace-book from his pocket, thumbed pages until he reached his goal, and then read in a carefully unemotional voice:

“I beg your lordship will give me a chance to explain this matter. I have not shared your secret with anyone, I swear it! I have done exactly as you ordered me. Your lordship should know that I would never betray you, whatever the temptation offered.”

The runner closed his record book and stared hard at the stunned nobleman as he concluded, “The note was signed Alfred Nims, milord, and was addressed on the cover to you.”

Such is the quiet efficiency of the Runners that Adam found himself in his own carriage, driving with the officer down to Bow Street, without quite realizing how it was happening. There followed a daunting half hour spent viewing the body and denying that he had written—or even seen—the note in evidence. Then the marquess was permitted to leave. The magistrate’s final words were a suggestion that Milord might wish to discuss this situation with Mr. Beresford . . . and a request for a sample of his handwriting.





In no time at all the news was around London’s beau monde. Some wretched spy was dead, and, rumor had it, his killer was the Marquess of Donat. Opinion in the clubs was pretty sharply divided.

Sir Will Fotriss was loud in his belief that that damned fop Donat had gone too far this time. “I hope they hang ’im!”

Lord Rundle, a neighbor of Adam’s, rejected that point of view, and gave it as his considered opinion that one of Donat’s former dueling adversaries was avenging a painful loss on the field of honor by means of a theatrical crime.

“For it stands to reason,” Lord Rundle argued, “that any man wishing to be rid of an embarrassment would hardly leave a note directed to himself in the fellow’s pocket. Adonis is not that stupid.”

To which there was general, if reluctant, agreement.

Sly himself brought the word to Moira the following morning. He had known of the discovery of the body soon after Bow Street heard of it, and he had spent a long night trying to decide how much—if anything—to tell the girl. For, of course, little mother-hen that she was, she would fly to the nobleman’s defense! Sly knew she was bound to hear of the matter shortly, gossip being what it was. Still, the soldier feared Moira’s excitable, strongly partisan nature. He would not soon forget the fiercely resolute little air with which Miss Lovelace had taken over the protection and succor of the wounded marquess. And anyone who cared a fig for Miss Lovelace’s standing in the ton must warn her not to thrust herself headlong into so dangerous a matter as the scandal that was brewing over the murder of the spy.

With a groan part frustration, part affection, the soldier accepted his burden. Within ten minute he had set out for the Hassleton mansion. He was welcomed by Pomfret, who had, of course, heard of the brouhaha, and respectfully ushered this loyal supporter of Miss Lovelace into her presence.

“She hasn’t heard yet,” Pomfret managed to mutter. Then, greatly daring, he pleaded, “You won’t let Miss get tangled up in the business, will you, Major Norman?”

Sly shared a rueful glance with the butler. “I shall do my best,” he promised, and was rewarded by a grateful bow.

Moira rose happily and came forward to greet Hilary.

“Well, this is pleasant, I must say!” she told him. “Your duty call so early?” She cast a sly glance at his empty hands and teased, “What, no posy? A glaring oversight, Major!”

The soldier was loath to break such a charming mood. For one treacherous moment, he considered just basking in the sweetness of this meeting, sharing laughter with this darling female, and letting some other spoilsport give her the bad news about her nobleman.

It was then that Hilary Norman realized that he could not permit any other man to hurt the girl—or to offer the needed comfort and assistance to her. He was Moira’s executive officer. He accepted his fate with a grim smile. Hooked at last!

“No, dear child, no posy this morning. We have a problem to face. A very serious one.” To underline his meaning, Sly strode back, tiger-silent, to the door, and turned the latch.

Moira caught on at once. Gesturing to a position beside her, she seated herself on a small sofa and said in a quiet voice. “Bad news, Sly? How can I help?”

The soldier wasted no time. “You may recall that I mentioned a spy set to watch you by—the marquess?”

Moira nodded, her expression grave.

“His body has been found on Bond Street. In one pocket was a note addressed to Donat, containing some incriminating remarks. One theory is that the marquess killed him to avoid blackmail—or exposure.”

“But you do not believe this,” the girl said.

Sly was proud of her composure. What a splendid sergeant she would have made! he thought. Never flustered—or very seldom (he remembered a few flares of anger)—quick to assess a situation! He nodded.

“I cannot believe so downy a bird as our Adonis would allow himself to be so badly betrayed by emotion,” he said, trying to lighten the discussion. “He would far more likely have paid the blackmailer and torn up the note.”

Moira was frowning. Considering her experience with the arrogant nobleman, her opinion was that he might well have knocked the man down and taken the note. She remembered the sight of that battered, blood-spattered figure lunging and thrusting and kicking against his attackers on the shadowy highroad. Still, she must accept the soldier’s judgment as both honest and possibly more knowledgeable than her own.

“Was there anything more?” she asked, reading his expression.

The soldier nodded approval of her perceptivity. “Yes, actually. A very strange little quirk. Nims’s coat was turned inside out.”

“Turncoat?” mused the girl.

She was quick! Sly thought admiringly. The problem of the turned coat had teased at him. He could not visualize the elegant marquess acting as valet for the dingy Nims, alive or dead. He shared this insight.

Moira nodded. “You know, Sly, this whole thing isn’t like Adam Donat. A murder in an alley, changing a dirty coat on a dead body, leaving betraying clues—! It’s stupid!”

Sly’s quizzical expression brought a quick response.

“Of course, Adon—Adam Donat has done some things you and I might label less than well-considered.” She managed to ignore the man’s nod of hearty agreement. “It seems to me that this is a scheme to incriminate the marquess. And we know there are several people whose enmity is great enough to wish him dead.”

“I believe that Magistrate Rowley shares your opinion. Otherwise we should already have Milord in gaol,” said the major.

And then came the offer he was dreading.

“Major Norman,” the girl said solemnly, “we must both enlist our brains to discover the true culprit. It is our duty!”

“As long as it’s only your brain you enlist, I shall gladly accept the assignment,” said the major formally and firmly. “The furbishing-up of the guildhall is in the capable hands of several guilds, each skilled at its own craft. My—superior officer has reluctantly given me a leave of absence to continue to help you until the dinner is successfully brought off. I shall, upon one condition, also set myself to solving the mystery of the turned coat.” And then, realizing from her expression that his companion was not amused by his levity, he finished quietly, “I shall do my best to discover the real murderer of Alfred Nims.”

Moira’s smile expressed her deep gratitude for this handsome offer. Leaning toward him in the close confines of the little love seat, she grasped his big hard hand in both of hers and carried it close to her breast in a spontaneous gesture of thanks.

“Hilary!” she breathed, beaming up at the delighted fellow with glowing eyes. “How good you are! Now we shall contrive!”

As his hand pressed the softness of those adorable globes, so sweetly encased in silk, the soldier felt as though he had been struck by lightning. He could not believe that the girl’s delicious response was solely caused by her admiration of the beautiful marquess. There was surely an appreciation of Sly’s own skills, daring, and willingness to help her? If he did succeed in solving the problem, her attention would be focused upon a hardworking, loyal, well-set-up, and surely not-unattractive soldier, rather than on a spoiled, willful aristocrat?

Major Hilary Norman had discovered that he was ready to enter the state of matrimony, even if it meant giving up his exciting work for the prime minister. In fact, he intended to storm the citadel of one delightful little woman and accept nothing but total surrender! So great had been the power of that soft, delicious touch! Earthshaking!

“I shall have to clear with Bow Street,” Sly warned her when he had recovered enough breath to speak. “And there is still the matter of my stipulation.” He tried to sound stern and succeeded, if her expressive little countenance was any criterion for judgment, in sounding silly.

She was chuckling. “Stipulation!” she teased. “You know you have me over a barrel,” she said, and then added with a naughty chuckle, “as the innkeeper’s wife said to her customers.”

Caught between wicked delight at the image that phrase conjured up, and the need to censure the chit’s unruly tongue, the soldier surrendered with a laugh.

“Whyever am I worrying about you acquiring town bronze when you are so well-supplied with rustic rhetoric?” he demanded.

Both of them dissolved into laughter, the grim business at hand forgotten for a few precious moments.

It was a couple of days later before Sly remembered that he had never explained his “stipulation” to the girl, but he shrugged and forgot it. He’d told her often enough not to meddle!





Chapter Seventeen



The following morning, while the ladies were talking rather solemnly over their coffee of the events of the previous day, several large boxes were delivered bearing the distinctive label of the modiste Camille. When Pomfret indulgently announced the arrival, Lili’s black eyes sparkled, and she swept Moira with her up to her boudoir to examine the treasures.

“Life must continue, my dear girl, and our obligations to poor Henry’s dream and the guildhall are important.”

Fascinated by the logic of this statement, Moira joined her kind hostess, Totham, and Annie in Mrs. Hassleton’s boudoir, where or two exciting hours they forgot everything in the sheer pleasure of trying on one dazzling creation after another.

“Of course you will wear this one to dinner at the guildhall.” Lili held up the romantic gown Moira had fallen in love with when they visited the modiste’s establishment. “But which should you wear tonight?” the older woman went on. “It’s the rout given by Lady Benedict. She’s the mother of Donat’s best friend, you know. It’s an invitation that can include you, Moira! ‘Mr. and Mrs. Hassleton and party,’ no less! I wonder how they knew about you?”

Moira was strongly of the opinion that Lady Benedict, whoever she was, knew nothing and cared less for one Moira Lovelace of South Littlefield. Unless—? Unless Adonis had mentioned her! Delicious warmth rose in the girl as she considered that possibility. Pulling herself together, very much aware of Cousin Lili’s discerning glance, Moira replied, “However Lady Benedict heard of me, it was kind of her to invite me. I’d like to go. It will be interesting to see how the great folk go on!” The thought that a certain blond nobleman might be one of the guests kept the unusual warmth circulating in her blood.

Lili was busy ruffling through the new dresses Camille had sent for Moira. With a triumphant cry, she held up one garment of bright yellow. “Perfect with your brown hair and eyes!” she declared.

Controlling her impulse to reject the too-colorful dress out of hand, Moira said gently, “I must not forget that I am in mourning, dear Lili, and probably shouldn’t be going to such a grand affair in the first place!”

“But you will come, child?” begged her cousin. “It will be such a squeeze that no one will meet anyone, really! Not so as to know who they are, or whether they should be languishing at home in black gloves!”

Moira did not take this plain-speaking in the wrong spirit. Lili knew how sincerely her young cousin mourned the charming Lovelaces. But both women were realists: life had to go on, and more courageously one faced it, the better for all concerned. Herbert and Candace would have approved heartily.

“Is it a masquerade?” the girl asked hopefully. It would be diverting to attend a real ball, in the home of persons who were of the same social order as the marquess!

Lili was scanning the invitation.

“Oh!” her spirits seemed a little deflated. “Now I see why the guests are urged to bring their own party! It is a benefit, just as the guildhall dinner is! A subscription affair! Donations accepted!”

“What is Lady Benedict’s charity?” Moira asked.

Lili was peering at the fine script. Muttering something about a wretched hand, she finally announced, “It appears to be in support of some almshouses endowed by the host’s father. I haven’t heard of these particular ones, but I understand that there are several privately sponsored hospices in the poorer districts of the city, and on the outskirts.”

“Surely a worthy cause,” suggested Moira, suddenly very eager to attend the function, mercenary though its sponsors might appear. “We can send the Benedicts an invitation to the dinner at the guildhall, and get back some of Henry’s blunt that way.”

Lili greeted this outrageous idea with the applause it deserved, and then turned to the more important matter of the costumes they should wear to the rout-ball.

Moira’s glance had returned frequently to a romantic little dress she did not remember having seen during the visit to Camille’s boutique. It was white, and had a rosy sash high under the breast, and little puffed sleeves. A charming silk ruff outlined the modest neckline. She shook her head regretfully, and said to Lili, “Of course it’s too ingénue in style for an ape-leader like me, and the color is unsuitable with black gloves, but isn’t it a darling?”

Lili’s eyes gleamed with satisfaction at the girl’s pleasure. Her voice was quiet as she remarked casually, “That’s what I thought when I saw it at Camille’s. I spoke to her about it, and warned her you would think it too young or too bright or too something. Camille had a coup du ciel, you would say, gift from heaven? She designed this overdress,” burrowing about in the box. “She tells me it will be quite convenable, even for a girl who is in black gloves. Voilà!”

Lili drew out a filmy, faintly lustrous garment from the box. As she held it up, it seemed no more than a wisp of gray smoke, without definition. Moira cast a very skeptical glance at her cousin.

“I do hope, Cousin Lili, for Henry’s sake at least, that you are not suggesting I make an appearance in that bit of nothing?”

Lili giggled. “Put on the pretty dress, girl, and let us see what Camille had in mind.”

With much help from Totham and Annie, who were agog over the whole affair, Moira was eased into the pretty white dress. While Annie held the rosy sash, Lili shook out the lustrous gray-silver overdress. Then she and Totham pulled and twitched and tugged Camille’s brainstorm over Moira’s head and shoulders and down to the hem of the white dress.

And then they caught their collective breaths. The effect was completely different. Gone was the sweetly childish air the costume had formerly presented. In its place was a subtly elegant, soigné creation that fairly shouted Paris, high style—and a touch of mystery! The color now was a richly vital silver, without flash or glitter. Lacking the rosy sash, the dress was no longer an ingénue’s garment but a subdued enticement, a statement of femininity.

“A wig!” pronounced Totham imperiously. “Miss Moira must wear a white wig!”

“Silver?” suggested Lili, frowning.

Totham shook her head. “Not with that sweet young face,” she argued. “But the white will blend in, madam, and give just a touch of former days, as you might say.”

“A tribute to Lady Benedict’s father-in-law, who established the almshouses,” proposed Moira, quite above herself with pleasure at the success of the dress on her—as she had always believed—rather prosaic person. “Didn’t the nobs wear white wigs fifty years ago? Do you suppose we can find one?”

And to herself she was saying, “Adonis will see me looking like this!” Her heart sang.





Chapter Eighteen



Lady Benedict’s charity ball turned out to be the most dramatic social event of the Season. Any one of the several outrageous things that occurred at it would have made the rout the talk of London. When all of them were considered, it was not surprising that one social arbiter was quoted as saying that she intended to cancel her own scheduled dinner party at once, since absolutely NOTHING could ever equal, much less top, the Benedict disaster.

It all began normally enough, with far too many magnificent carriages jostling for position in the wide street in front of Benedict Town House. There, illuminated by half a hundred flambeaux, red-coated footmen ran up and down a red carpet that stretched from the road to the huge front coaches and enter the mansion. By ten o’clock, it was clear that the Benedict rout was to be one of the most notable crushes of the Season. Dukes and their duchesses, marquesses and marchionesses, earls and countesses, all jostled elbows with the lord mayor, most of the aldermen and their wives, and a horde of lesser lights. It was confirmed that the Prince would grace the affair with his presence by eleven post meridiem.

Success!

And then, while the guests were crowding and pushing at the punch bowls and the various buffets, muttering rudely about nipcheese hosts and almshouse bills of fare, the trouble began. The beau monde’s golden boy, Adam Donat, started the avalanche. He arrived late, just before Prinny was due to appear, and was, in consequence, given a rather hurried welcome by his flustered hostess. Lady Benedict had been appalled by the success of her subscription party. It had been intended as a sop to her husband’s family pride She had certainly not anticipated such an overwhelming response. Where she had invited dozens, scores came. Already her chef had run out of food and was having an explosion of Gallic temperament in the kitchen. The Prince was due to arrive at any moment, and her buffle-headed husband, Lord Lambert Benedict, had just informed his wife that he had forgotten to order the port that was His Royal Highness’s favorite tipple! And now Adonis appeared—so late as to interfere with the proper reception of royalty! It was enough to make any hostess cross! Lady Benedict gave society’s spoiled darling a very short shrift indeed, bustling him off with a suggestion that he go find himself something to drink.

Adonis was not accustomed to such treatment. Glaring around the enormous rooms for a glimpse of his friend John, the marquess presented a romantic if sullen figure. His only concession to his healing injury was the black silk patch high on his forehead. Aside from the fact that his head ached painfully at odd times during the day, and the equally annoying fact that he couldn’t get one brown-eyed little chit out of his mind, Adam was ready to assume full control of his own life again. Find his enemies; destroy them. He was anxious to discuss this program with John. Where was the fellow?

When he could catch no sight of his best friend among all the crowds, Adam began to wonder if John’s absence and Lady Benedict’s cavalier treatment of an old family friend might be a foretaste of rejections to come? Of course, word of the Nims fiasco had spread throughout the ton!

Deciding that he needed the offered drink, Adam searched for a buffet. When he saw the mob surging and struggling around the tables, however, Adam’s temper flared. What kind of woman gives a party and asks so many people that none of them can be comfortable? he asked himself. Remembering that the only reason he himself had come was to talk with John, Adam again scanned the crowd for the tall, urbane figure.

Again, no success! He had just decided, in rather a pettish mood, to return forthwith to the comfort of his own home, when he heard an all-too-familiar voice. It was that of his cousin Vivian, and Vivian was talking about Adam.

“Of course Adam killed the fellow!” Vivian was in the process of announcing to a group of avid listeners. “My mama has always said, when one deals with scum like that ferret Nims, one is bound to get slime on oneself!”

Such a gust of rage swept Adam that it left him shaking. How dared the little weasel make such a dastardly charge against the head of his house? And quote his antidote of a mother as an authority! Adam knew that Callista and Vivian Donat hated him, but he had not considered that they might flaunt that hatred so openly in society. Not even pausing to think of the effect—for when had Adonis ever needed to consider such things?—Adam thrust his way into the center of the little group and knocked Vivian down.

There was a small oasis of shocked silence amid the general uproar of the party. Then one gentleman cried, “Bravo, Donat! Well-done,” two other gentlemen withdrew rapidly from the shameful melee, the crowd surged closer, and two ladies fainted.

Since the crush was truly overwhelming, neither of the ladies actually fell to the floor, but were draped, more or less gracefully, over persons close to them. While the unfortunate members of the group endeavored to sort out this imbroglio, Lady Benedict’s butler bellowed, “His Royal Highness, Prince George!” at the top of his lungs, and the company hastily regrouped in order to welcome the Prince of Wales.

Adam, thrusting his way to the front entrance in the hope of quitting this nauseating event as quickly as possible, most unfortunately jostled against one of Prinny’s equerries, putting the man off balance. He in turn fell against the Prince, who might have fallen had he not flung his arms around his hostess, and found himself for a moment supported inadvertently upon her rather massive corsage.

Since massive corsages were universally acknowledged to be Prinny’s favorite resting places, the event, from a potential disaster, became the basis of a charming compliment from the Prince, a pleasant surprise for Lady Benedict, and a bucketful of gossip for those guests fortunate enough to have observed the contretemps.

Meanwhile, Adam had managed to fight his way out of the Benedict Town House and summon his own carriage. In the process, he had completely failed to observe a striking female in a dull silver gown of incredible sophistication, who wore a white wig that flattered her huge brown eyes. This attractive female stood staring with dismay at the erratic progress of the peer of the realm who had nearly succeeded in oversetting the Prince.

At Moira’s shoulder, Major Norman, resplendent in his full dress uniform, chuckled at the incredible social gaffe.

“You have to admit it,” he said with a rueful grin. “Adonis is unique! There isn’t another man in London who could knock down the Prince of Wales and make him like it!”

Moira, staring at the incredible scene, had to admit that the Prince, amused and flattered by Lady Benedict’s response to his person being flung onto hers, was looking pleased with the situation. Offering his arm to his hostess, he conducted her through the respectful passageway that the guests opened for him into the ballroom. The company then crowded in behind, anxious not to miss a single moment of the royal visit.

Moira turned to her soldier. “May we go home now, Sly? I think I have a headache.”

Heartache, more like, surmised the major. And then, grimly, What will it take to make the foolish girl realize that the man’s a hollow reed?

“Wait for me in the cloakroom,” he instructed her. “I’ll tell the Hassletons we are leaving.”

Depositing a subdued girl in the custody of the cloakroom maid, Sly made his way through the throng with soldierly dispatch until he found the Hassletons. Henry was delighted at the presence of the Prince, to say nothing of all the other nobs, and stood talking loudly with a group of his own friends.

“This is something like . . .” he was telling Lili when Sly located them. Nodding at the soldier, he included him in the conversation. “. . . I must admit, though, that I’d expected better victuals at a great house like this, Major! More and better, considering the amount they choused me out of for the subscription,” he grumbled.

Lili giggled shamelessly, and Henry’s fellow merchants chuckled agreement. Even the soldier was forced to restrain a grin at the open disappointment on Henry’s face.

Lili regarded the military figure with knowing eyes. He really would be a splendid match for Moira. Lili had made a few discreet inquiries, and was aware of the small, neglected estate, the major’s lack of funds, and his fine war record. Henry must be wheedled into putting up a substantial dowry for Moira, who might then marry her soldier and settle comfortably into county life—which Lili was convinced was the proper setting for her young, unsophisticated cousin.

With these benevolent thoughts in mind, Lili glanced beyond Sly’s shoulder. “Moira is not with you, Major?”

“She has the headache,” explained Sly. “I left her in the ladies’ cloakroom while I came to ask if I might be permitted to see her safely home.”

Henry fussed at this evidence of female weakness at such an inappropriate time. “Missing her chance to see and be seen, is she? You’ll never get her fired off this way, Lili,” he predicted gloomily. “Well, I shall just have to eat her share of the refreshments—that is, if I can find any at offer,” he grumbled.

Lili, eyes sparkling, nodded her permission to the waiting officer, who vanished into the press without further ado.

“You want to keep an eye on that soldier,” warned Henry.

“Oh, I have,” Lili told him. “He will do very nicely for my cousin—if I can get her mind off that spoiled hot-headed nobleman long enough to recognize a real man when she sees one!”

Henry had always had a great deal of respect for his wife’s know-how, and merely nodded and said he’d be happy to leave all the details to her. After all, the girl deserved something for her plan to renovate the guildhall. He was, however, much more interested in a juicy bit of scandal that had drifted its way around the crowded rooms.

“Did you know that Donat knocked his heir down and broke his nose?” he whispered.

“That must have been before he knocked the Prince into Lady Benedict’s arms,” grinned Lili. “You have to give the man credit, Henry. He knows how to liven up the dullest party!”





In the comfortable Hassleton coach, which Sly had repositioned with true military dispatch, the soldier ventured to place a respectful arm around Miss Lovelace’s soft shoulders.

“To keep your head steady,” he explained gently, his mouth so disturbingly close to Moira’s ear that his warm breath touched her cheek.

“My head?” asked the girl, and then, “Oh! The headache!” Ever honest, she began with difficulty, “I must admit—”

“Never admit anything,” the old campaigner advised. “I understand. You are—safe with me.”

With a thrill of surprise, Moira realized that that was nothing less than the truth. She was safe with Hilary Norman, safer and better protected than she had ever been in her life. She stared up at his strong, weathered face in the gloom of the carriage. How darkened his skin was by the campaigns he had fought! The first inklings of what he might have had to endure crossed her mind: the cold, comfortless bivouacs, the poor and meager food; above all, the constant cruel risk of life and limb day after day, night after night! The battles! What had they been like? Her eyes traced the strong features with unconscious tenderness. The white slash of his predatory grin, with its narrow upper lip and sensuous lower fullness, was missing at the moment. His cold silver gaze was intent upon her own features.

Suddenly the man pulled her closer—so close, in fact, that the hard excrescences of his buttons, dug rather painfully into her soft flesh—and said in a gravelly voice, “I want the right to . . . to keep you safe. Always.” His fine dark head bent closer to her face.

Yet he waited. Held himself in leash until the girl gave the word that his attentions would not be distasteful to her. Moira marveled at his self-restraint. So different, her mind told her, from Adonis, who never bothered to deny any impulse that struck him, however wayward. The girl frowned.

Catching the shadow of movement across Moira’s face, the soldier cursed himself for a presumptuous fool. Had he spoiled everything by overeagerness? He held the girl firmly in his arms, unwilling to give up the territory gained, yet fearful to hazard all on so ill-advised advance.

Surprising herself and shocking the nervous soldier, Moira leaned up and planted a soft kiss against the man’s hard, warm lips. Then, before he could recover enough to exploit his advantage, the girl gently but firmly removed herself from his grasp.

“I know how much I owe you, Sly,” her soft voice came to him in the gloom. “But this is not the time nor the place to discuss it. When we have the guildhall dinner safely behind us, and the problem of the attack on the marquess solved . . .”

Sly settled back against the velvet squabs with a frustrated grimace. Either she didn’t want him and was too kind to say so, or she wanted that damned Adonis and was too shy to say so—or she didn’t know what she wanted, and would need a strong man to help her make up her mind!

Encouraged by this latter idea, Major Norman undertook to entertain his companion with lighthearted conversation for the rest of the trip to Queen’s Square. After seeing Miss Lovelace safely within the mansion, Sly returned the carriage to Benedict Town House, to be ready when the Hassletons needed it. Grinning, he strode off, amusing himself with the picture of Henry ransacking the Benedict kitchens for enough food to satisfy his hunger and his sense of a fair bargain.





It was very late indeed when the Hassletons returned home, but Lili came softly into her cousin’s room in spite of the hour. As she had expected, Moira was still wide awake. Lili seated herself cozily at the foot of the girl’s bed and smiled into the wide, weary brown eyes.

“He loves you,” she said quietly.

“But the—other does not,” returned Moira sadly.

“The marquess is unable to love anyone but himself, in the moment,” Lili acknowledged.

Moira sat up straight, her soft brown hair like a flowing cape over her shoulders, and across her breasts. “ ‘At the moment’?” she repeated. “You think he might learn to love . . . someone . . . someday?”

Lili gave a very Gallic shrug. “Qui le sait? Who knows? But it will be a very painful process, and I think he will resent her who teaches him as much as he will love her. And it is sure that Adonis’s idea of love will never be the same as yours, my innocent!” The older woman stared at Moira’s anxious little face. “Oh, p’tite! He is beautiful, that is true, but he is un bébé! And you, I think, deserve a man!”

She got up and came to the head of the bed. Gently pushing the girl back against the pillows, she said softly, “You have looked after your parents all your life, cared for every waif and stray you encountered along the way. Is that not so? It is time you learned the other half of love, and let a strong man care for you for a change. Good night, child.”

Moira lay awake for a long time, thinking about the many faces of love, and a difficult arrogant man who might be taught to love someone other than himself—someday. When she finally fell asleep, she dreamed of kissing Adam Donat, and awoke with tears on her cheeks.





Chapter Nineteen



Two days after the Benedicts’ charity ball, the marquess received a summons from Bow Street while he was enjoying a late and leisurely breakfast. The missive did not seem to admit of argument or negotiation. Driving gloomily through the raucous streets and alleys of early-morning London, Adam wondered what fresh insults fate had in store for him. He would have given heavy odds that Vivian, in a vengeful mood, had gone whining to the authorities about the well-deserved punishment Adam had meted out. Well, if that was all—! No man had a right to announce to half of London that his cousin was a murderer! The little weasel deserved his broken nose!

When Adam was finally face-to-face with the magistrate, however, he discovered that the case was far different, and more serious, than he had supposed.

Sir John Benedict had disappeared from his home—had not been seen for at least forty-eight hours. His parents, busy with their charitable entertainment, had not really missed him. After all, he was twenty-five-years-old, more than capable of managing his own affairs—and disdainful of theirs. He did still live at home, however, and had not been seen in his rooms or out of them since the evening before the ball. Neither his portmanteaus nor any of his clothing was missing. His valet finally managed to get the ear of Lady Benedict, who, in turn, aroused her rather ineffectual husband to action. The latter had sent a groom to inquire at the various clubs and known haunts of its worldly son, but for some reason, the Benedicts had not been in touch with their son’s best friend.

When Lord Benedict’s inquiries proved fruitless, he had reluctantly called at Bow Street to consult the magistrate, Mr. Rowley. Who, upon discovering that the missing man’s best friend had not been questioned, at once sent for him.

The marquess was received by a sergeant. In a businesslike manner, the officer invited Lord Donat to take a chair, and almost before the ruffled nobleman had seated himself, the sergeant asked, “Would you have any idea of Sir John Benedict’s whereabouts, my lord?”

Startled, the marquess snapped, “Of course I have not! I am not Benedict’s nanny! More than likely he’s off somewhere with a ladybird. And I promise you he won’t thank you for interrupting him at that sport!”

The sergeant made no comment but wrote busily in his commonplace-book. Adam began to fume at the delay, the imposition upon his valuable time for something that should have been handled by John’s parents; the insolence of the fellow, keeping Adam Donat kicking his heels in this grimy little office! He rose to his feet with an oath.

“One moment more, my lord, if you please,” said the sergeant quietly.

Adams found himself sitting down again. The look in the fellow’s eye, while perfectly respectful, was strangely hard.

“We have received a report that you, my lord, were seen talking to Sir John outside Watier’s club the night he went missing. You may, indeed, be the last person who spoke to him before he—disappeared. Would you care to tell us what you gentlemen discussed during that meeting?”

Adam stared at the officer in shocked dismay. He had the oddest feeling that some sort of noose was tightening around his throat. First Nims’s murder—ascribed to Donat by an unknown intelligencer. Now John’s disappearance. Frantically he tried to remember whether he had, indeed, met and talked with John Benedict three nights ago. Surely not! He had been wary of his best friend after the aspersions that Beresford had cast upon John’s actions and motives!

Incredibly, Adam found himself stammering under that hard, intent gaze. “Three nights ago? I think not. I do not recall speaking with Benedict since . . . since . . .” He pulled his wits together and glared at the Runner. “I demand to speak to Samuel Beresford,” he said.





An hour later Adam faced his old friend across the desk in Beresford’s private chambers. The lawyer was frowning.

“There’s more to it than they told you, Adam,” Beresford advised him. “They’ve had a letter charging you with murdering Benedict and disposing of his body.”

“But that is—insane!” gasped Adam.

Beresford nodded. “I’m inclined to think your enemy has grown tired of trying to ambush you, and is now endeavoring to prod the authorities into doing his dirty work for him.”

“But who—?”

“It’s past time we discovered that fact,” said the lawyer grimly. “Our prime suspects seem to be reduced to two: Vivian Donat and Max Hightower.”

“Or some spiteful female with a hired bully,” muttered Adam.

“Let us deal with the more obvious suspects first,” suggested Beresford impatiently. “If we work down the list of ladies loved and left, we may never get to the end of this!”

Both men laughed, and Adam felt the better for it.

“I had better tell you,” he admitted, “I may have broken Vivian’s nose at the Benedicts’ charity ball two nights ago.”

The lawyer seemed disproportionately disturbed. “What happened?” he demanded.

Adam told him as briefly as possible.

“A splendid heir,” growled Beresford. “Calls you a murderer in front of half of London! Still it is unfortunate that you knocked him down. It will convince the spiteful that you are a violent man, quite without self-control.” His minatory glance rested on the sullen, handsome countenance across the desk from him. “Which, of course, is the truth.”

Adam was about to object violently, and then decided not to reinforce the lawyer’s poor opinion of him with any more displays of unbridled temper. “What should I do?” he asked, meekly enough for him.

“Go home and try to stay out of trouble,” said the lawyer shortly. “Above all, do not pick any quarrels with Hightower. It only wants the news that he’s been kidnapped and you are definitely in for it, my dear Donat! And that I promise you!”





An hour later, pacing restlessly in his library, Adam was struck by a provocative idea. In spite of everyone’s rejection of the charge, he still clung to the notion that the little Lovelace chit knew more than she had admitted about the attack on his carriage. Reluctantly he had acknowledged that she actually hadn’t been a conspirator. Even so, she probably knew more about what had happened than she had let slip. Sly, the mysterious stranger, in whose house she had spent the night! Was he the mind behind the ambush?

From this titillating suspicion it was an easy step to a decision to seek out the little commoner and wring the truth from her. She must have learned something during that long night in Sly’s room, no matter how innocent she had been of the major plan of ambush! It should not be so hard to wheedle the country spinster into betraying all she knew, Adam told himself with a sneer. He’d never failed with a woman yet!

In his eagerness to explore this attractive possibility, Donat ignored the headache that seemed to have become a constant annoyance. Summoning his carriage, he gave John Coachman the spinster’s address. He intended to get the Coachman the spinster’s address. He intended to get the Lovelace woman alone, away from the protection of her plebeian relatives, and force a confession out of her. How could this be accomplished? Why, in his own carriage, of course! He’d have the two servants as chaperons in case she tried to run a rig on him, and he would have the secure closed space to pin her down and make her accede to his demands . . . for information, of course!

Sitting back comfortably against the velvet squabs, the marquess contemplated the situation with more pleasure than he had felt for several weeks.

He was smiling when he entered the door of Queen’s Square. Pomfret, concealing his disapproval, deposited Milord in the formal drawing room and then went to announce Moira’s visitor to her. The girl hastened downstairs, heart beating rapidly. The marquess was at his most urbanely charming.

“Forgive my intrusion, dear Miss Lovelace, but I thought you might enjoy a breath of fresh air after the rather overpowering crush at the Benedicts’ reception. And I dared to hope you might show me that you had forgiven my rude behavior by permitting me to drive you out in my carriage?” He was using his most successful, wheedling tones, half laughing, half humble, and his most dazzling smile.

Forgetting everyone’s warnings and her own rationality, Moira agreed with enthusiasm. Perhaps dreams did come true? She returned to her room, donned a pretty brown velvet mantle and a tiny hat with brown velvet ribbons, and within five minutes was being helped into Milord’s massive carriage. As she settled herself against the soft upholstery, she sighed with pleasure.

“What an excellent idea! So kind of you!” she murmured.

Adam’s grin was feral. “You do forgive me, then?” he murmured, in the voice that had proved irresistible to every woman he had ever set his sights on. An accomplished man-about-town, he did not deem it necessary to devise an elaborate stratagem for the seduction of Miss Moira Lovelace. His unbroken record of successes with the female sex had perhaps made him too self-confident. In any case, he moved directly into the speech and actions that had always brought him everything he ever wanted from her sex. It never occurred to him that the country mouse might be a different breed of cat.

His first move, when the footman had closed the heavy door and the magnificent carriage was rolling along the street, was to take Moira’s hand in his and inspect it carefully (an action that always made females feel a little insecure), and then raise it gently to his lips. At this point, Adonis always directed a long, languishing look into the woman’s wide, flattered eyes.

Unfortunately, it was hard to see Moira’s eyes in the gloom of the coach, and especially under the brim of the hat.

Adonis placed his usual soft kiss on the rosy palm, then replaced her hand in her lap, managing to trail his fingers as though by accident across her skirt as he did so.

Moira blushed.

His smile wider, Adonis carefully placed one large arm across the girl’s shoulders. “Rest your head,” he advised softly.

Moira chuckled.

Startled by this response, the marquess peered down at her. “You are amused?” He could hardly believe it. It was not the effect he usually had on women.

“Forgive me,” begged Moira, smiling, “but that speech and gesture seem to be required behavior for a London gentleman who is driving a lady in a carriage!”

“Behavior?” For the first time in his adult life, Adonis was confused. He strove for normality. “You mean, some other gentleman has been putting his arm around you in his carriage?”

“And advising me to rest my head,” Moira agreed, grinning naughtily. “I suppose it is one way to get a woman’s head on your shoulder.” She chuckled again. “Better than getting one over a barrel—oh!” Moira, less poised in the situation than she had tried to appear, cut off her silly teasing when she realized what she had just said—and to whom. It was Sly with whom she felt enough at home to share the joke of the innkeeper’s barrel.

Quite a different gleam now sharpened Adonis’s languishing violet gaze. So the little witch liked a ribald joke, did she? So much for simpering airs and graces! Down to business! Lunging forward, he seized the rosy-faced girl in his big arms, pulled her roughly against his chest, and took her lips in a crushing kiss. After a long, gratifying moment he began to move his mouth demandingly over her lips. He noted that her eyes were closed, felt her lips trembling and moist against his, grunted his satisfaction. Then he lifted his head, loosened his arms, and moved away slightly down the soft, luscious little body in order to arrange her in a more pleasurable position on his lap.

“So this is what you wanted all the time!” he gloated. “You are all alike, you females! Sham innocence! Affected decorum! And underneath—!” His beautiful face was alight with lustful amusement. “So be it, my naughty little angel! Let us pleasure ourselves. I was wiser than I knew, bringing my closed carriage.”

Ignoring the wide, shocked eyes in the girl’s white face, Adonis began to undo the row of provocative tiny buttons that held the front of the silk dress closed. “Sweetheart, I congratulate you. You really had me bamboozled. When we’ve had enough of each other, I’ll give you cash to set yourself up in a nice little house. There’ll be no lack of custom, not when Adonis recommends you!”

Moira slapped his grinning face.

“Be good enough to take me home,” she said harshly. “I have had quite enough fresh air!”





Chapter Twenty



The last few days before the guildhall dinner were the most crowded, demanding, and happy of Moira’s life. In a desperate attempt to erase from her mind the humiliating ugly scene with Lord Donat, Moira had sent a note to Major Norman asking very humbly if she might be of any assistance at all with the work on the guildhall—taking notes, filing accounts, anything. . . .

Sly was a seasoned campaigner. He was easily able to read the desperation between the neatly written lines. As he set out, posthaste, to offer whatever protection or comfort his little love required, he tried to imagine what could have set the darling girl into such a pelter. Could Henry have turned a bit awkward? Sly was sure that Lili was on his side, and probably working to achieve the same end. Setting his lips firmly, the gallant major rode to the rescue.

The trembling warmth and gratitude of Moira’s welcome sent a stab of alarm through the major’s hard body. What had happened? He knew that he must not ask, must not force some unpalatable explanation from his poor little love. His response to her greeting was warm, steady, reassuring—and prosaic. The wily campaigner deemed it better to bring the volatile situation down to basic, unemotional, matter-of-fact—the major caught himself up. He was rambling like a blithering idiot, not acting with manly decisiveness and dispatch! He took a steadying breath.

“I was glad to receive your offer of help,” he began, in a voice whose prosaic calm he admired. “Things are rather hectic at the hall—and do not think you can escape the penalties of your generous action in landing me with the job!”

He was pleased to observe that his easy banter was already removing some of the look of pain in the lovely little face lifted to his. Lifted. . . . Sly pulled his fascinated gaze away from that delicate rose that was the girl’s soft mouth.

“Are you ready to accompany me this very minute to the guildhall?” he demanded cheerfully, and was rewarded by a faint gleam of the beloved smile.

“Oh, yes, Sly,” Moira answered devoutly. “I—I have my cape and reticule ready—in case you wished to take me up on my offer.”

While he was helping her into her robe, the warm, brown, fur-lined cape he remembered so well, Moira kept up a hurried flow of small talk, asking questions without waiting for answers. When they came out to the street, the girl’s eyes lighted upon Sly’s neat curricle, and he saw the first spontaneous smile of the day.

“Oh, an open carriage! I am so glad!”

Not having knowledge of the ugly scene in the marquess’s closed vehicle, Sly was unable to make much sense of this remark, but he did his best, saying easily, “Oh my curricle, like my character, is an open—er—book. Shall we leaf?”

Chuckling, Moira groaned dramatically. “Not if you intend making any more such terrible puns, Major!” she said. And then, sobering, she clasped the hand he had offered to boost her into the curricle.

“I am so glad you needed me today, Sly,” she confessed softly. “I—I needed you—”

Controlling his delight, Sly boosted her up into the seat of the dashing vehicle with only a laughing comment.

“Oh, you may regret this day’s work before you’ve finished the day’s work,” he said outrageously. “I have plans for you, Miss Lovelace! I am glad you wore your sensible clothing to this job, for it is becoming the most irrational mishmash of frustrating frustrations I have ever encountered. If the stonemasons are not shouting objections to the mess made on their freshly polished slabs by the nasty paste of the metalworkers (used, I may tell you, to brighten the lead that they—the metalworkers—had just poured into the coats of arms that the stonemasons had just incised in the stone slabs) . . . Where was I?” Sly demanded, querulously.

“Polishing the lead,” supplied Moira with a wide grin. “Or perhaps polishing the stone. I am not quite sure. Your polished discourse overwhelms me!” and she chuckled lightheartedly.

Sly, tooling has vehicle neatly through the busy streets heaved a sigh of relief. Whatever had so saddened and shocked his darling, she was able to throw it off for the moment to join him in silly wordplay.

“You have scarcely heard the beginning of our problems,” he warned her. “Next we have the glaziers, who are screeching that the new panes of glass they were to reset are the wrong size, or the wrong shape, or the wrong thickness—”

“Or the wrong color?” ventured the girl, smiling.

“You are in league with them,” accused Sly, darkly.

Moira’s head was whirling, but her heart was lighter than it had been for days. Friendship! That was the thing to value in life! Not girlish adoration, surely not passion! These were cruel betrayers, humiliating, degrading! Friendship such as that offered so generously by Major Norman was the greatest gift a woman could receive. And she had Sly’s friendship! The girl sat back at ease in the high-wheeled, elegant little curricle and prepared to enjoy a day of satisfying, useful endeavor.

The first crisis that faced them as Sly led her into the guildhall was a screeching altercation. It seemed that a minor riot had erupted when the scrubwomen arrived to find that dozens of cartons of new dishes had been brought in and stacked all over the dirty kitchen floor just as they were required to wash it! Moira freely admitted, battered as she was by shouts of anger, yells of encouragement from the stonemasons, and ribald cries from the metalworkers, that she could not have handled the situation.

The major took charge, however, with good humor and authority. He was here, there, everywhere. Unfailingly courteous, yet unshakably firm, he dealt with the scrubwomen’s problem, got the different guilds back on the job, and shortly had the mutually suspicious teams working in real, if occasionally noisy, harmony.

And so it went, those last crowded days. Moira came into the hall on the final morning to find everyone working with a will to the beat of a marching song. Holding the sheaf of accounts Sly had requested in one hand, and the small piece of colored glass that had been missing from the final section of window in the other, the girl paused a moment to enjoy the rousing chorus. She soon perceived that the words being lustily bellowed out by every male present, including Sly, were more than a little bawdy.

So that is the kind of music men sing to hearten them for battle, she thought, searching Sly’s face with a tenderness she was not aware of. At that moment, the lean, hard body, coatless, more than a little dusty, turned, as to a magnet, in her direction.

Sly strode toward the girl, his smile widening into a grin of delight as he caught the fleeting expression of warm admiration in her gaze. His eyes alight with laughter, he said primly, “to what do we owe the pleasure of this visit, ma’am? I must warn you, this is a men’s club!”

The surrounding artisans were eavesdropping shamelessly, grinning at the fun, well-pleased at what they had accomplished.

Moira entered into the spirit of the final, successful push. She waved both hands aloft. “The final pane of glass!” the glaziers cheered. “The drafts to pay the workers!” This time the cheers were deafening and the men surged forward to surround the two.

“Is that all?” sniffed Sly outrageously. “I thought you had something important to tell us!” He seized her arm firmly.

“Oh, I do have a suggestion,” Moira retorted. “It is from the houses of Parliament. They wish you to moderate your voices. You are waking up all the Tories in the House!”

The men accorded this thrust the laughter it deserved. Moira waited for Sly to unhand her, but his hard, warm fingers remained clasped firmly above her elbow. He assumed a grimace of deep distress. “What? No word of praise for our splendid accomplishments? No thanks for all our efforts? You truly disappoint me, ma’am!”

Moira took her time gazing around the busy, crowded hall, and smiling at the pleased male faces ringing the major and herself. When at length she spoke, there was no mockery in her voice. “You all have accomplished wonders! Well-done!”

Pleased, yet not wishing to show it, Sly shrugged off her genuine admiration. He took the pane of glass from her gently, and handed it to a waiting glazier. Then he accepted the drafts, and thrust them into his shirt, patting the bulge solemnly.

“This little blessing shall be delivered to you when you have finished work, tonight,” he advised the eager workers.

No one seemed ready to go back to work. The men were waiting for something. Moira was sure of it. What could it be?

Apparently the drama between herself and the major had still to be resolved. The major spoke first.

“Although you might scarcely credit it, I promise you the hall will be ready to receive the Honorable Mrs. Barton’s guests by tomorrow night.”

Moira took a long look around the scene of dust and confusion, shook her head, smiling, and tried to move away from the major’s firm grasp. He did not release her arm. Puzzled, the girl stared up into the dark, smiling face He was not angry, that was plain. And he could not have forgotten that he was holding her arm, could he?

“Was there something else?” she asked uncertainly.

“My reward,” said the soldier clearly. “You have neglected to reward me for my sterling services. It is customary.”

Torn between amusement and annoyance—for they stood in a circle of grinning workmen—Moira tugged ineffectually at his firm clasp. Betraying color rose in her cheeks, to be observed with satisfaction by her captor.

“My reward,” repeated the soldier, grinning too complacently.

He knows I dare not create a fuss in so public a place, thought the girl, viewing the wretch’s smug expression. She glanced desperately around, considering her alternatives. And then her bucolic sense of humor, which Moira could not always control, surfaced. In a lightning maneuver that would have delighted that excellent strategist, the Duke of Wellington, she threw both arms around the astonished major, crying out in tones that pierced even the workmen’s racket, “Beloved! I shall not abandon you and your child!” and she pulled away far enough to pat the bulge of papers beneath Sly’s shirt.

For one instant the major stiffened under her embrace, while a roar of laughter rose from the circle of workers. Then Sly caught Moira to him with both arms in the most enthusiastic hug she had ever experienced. He bussed her warmly, and then, as he gave her a little freedom to breathe, he whispered, “I’ll teach you to play off your tricks on me, you little wretch!” He took possession of her lips again in a kiss whose masterly technique startled her into dazed immobility, able only to accept, to receive, to—wonder at the glory of shared joy!

Moira was brought back to a sense of her surroundings by the sound of loud cheers and laughter. Before she could pull her dazed wits together, Sly released her and set her a pace away from his hard, warm body. They were the focus of every eye in the vast hall, Moira knew.

She stepped forward and pressed a hot, sweet kiss upon Sly’s dear, treacherous, exciting mouth. Holding his darkly handsome face between her palms, she surveyed it with stern warning.

“And that is all the reward you are going to get, sir! And very generous—considering your condition!” and she patted the papers again.

Releasing him, she walked triumphantly out of the hall, to the sound of a cheer led by the irrepressible Sly.





While she was being driven back to the Hassletons’ in a hired hackney, Moira found herself comparing kisses. A few days earlier, she had been rudely bussed inside the closed carriage of the Marquess of Donat. Admittedly she was no connoisseur, and she had to confess that she had dreamed of Adonis kissing her, holding her in a close embrace. Yet when it had happened, it had been not only humiliating, given his assumptions as to her purpose and lack of virtue, it has also been strangely . . . unsatisfying! More like a puppy’s hasty, graceless licking than a grown man’s loving caress—or so she now thought. Her big brown eyes opened wider as she realized that she was comparing Adonis’s wet slobbering with the hard, sweet pressure of those lips she had just encountered. It had been, she realized, a pleasant, even an exciting, experience. She actually wanted more! To explore that controlled, masculine ardor, which was so reassuringly tender and supportive—and yet not weak or namby-pamby! Oh, not Major Hilary Norman! Moira decided, rather happily, that she would call her friend Sly by his real name—Hilary—from now on. He really deserved a better cognomen than Sly!

Her euphoria lasted until she went in to dinner that night with the firm intention of reporting on Hilary’s brilliant handling of the guildhall restoration. Henry blossomed under the good news, and made some pretty revealing comments about his own ambitions, now more likely of accomplishment than ever before.

“I owe most of it to you, Moira. I’m willing to admit,” he said kindly. “If you hadn’t run into that crazy nobleman and hired Major Norman to deliver him safe home, we’d never have met Sly!” In the sudden silence that followed his remark the girl caught a warning glance passing from Lili to her too-voluble husband. Henry at once turned the conversation back to the details of the refurbishing process. Moira was sure Adonis had been behaving badly again and might have tried to quiz Lili as to the details had she not been really more interested in the wonderful work Hilary was doing than in the careless or arrogant behavior of the man whose lustful embraces had shocked and offended her.

There were so many last-minute, urgent details concerning the following night’s dinner to be discussed, correct procedures to be reviewed, and threatening disasters to be averted, that nothing except the guildhall celebration was even mentioned during the meal. And afterward, leaving Henry to his port, Lili took Moira to her boudoir for an important discussion. She announced that she was having second thoughts about the delicately romantic gown Moira had planned to wear to the dinner. Camille’s brilliant improvisation, the silver-net overdress, had achieved such a surprisingly modish effect at the Benedict charity ball, that it seemed to Lili to be the stronger contender. As soon as they were established in comfort in Lili’s elegant boudoir, and Pomfret himself had brought up their after-dinner coffee, Lili began to give her arguments.

“The romantic gown”—for so they had both taken to naming it—! “would be perfect for a debut, or a presentation at court, or even . . . a wedding.” Catching the expression on her cousin’s face, Lili hurried on. “Now, the silver-on-white is different. It might even set a style. And it is really more suitable for the guildhall than that—”

“Wedding dress,” repeated Moira glumly. “I see your point. Most unsuitable for a spinster-orphan. But I have worn the silver already, and you said—”

“You were in the Benedict house only a few minutes! You had hardly entered the drawing rooms! Who saw you in that crush?” Lili demanded. “I can’t even remember what I wore myself that night! If anything!”

Amid laughter, it was agreed that Moira should present herself in the silver-on-white, with the addition of the rosy sash, but without the wig.

“That was most effective for the ball, but this is a VERY SOLEMN OCCASION, ma p’tite!”

Moira, remembering the major’s scandalous behavior that afternoon, was understood to say that she hoped some one had warned Hilary!!

As if on cue, Pomfret came in to announce Major Newman waiting below to see Miss Lovelace. Lili, highly pleased, shepherded the girl downstairs, pausing only long enough to make sure she looked her best before she let her go. After briefly but cordially greeting their guest, Lili made her excuses, to the obvious relief and gratitude of the soldier. Moira, smothering a grin at the memory of her own shrewd riposte to his raffish behavior, wondered if something had gone wrong at the guildhall after her departure.

Major Norman soon disabused her mind of that notion.

The soldier had seen the light after his adorable little temporary employer had left him in the middle of a grinning ring of workmen that afternoon. It had struck him that the best—the only foolproof way to protect and serve the darling girl was to marry her at once, without delay!

Dazed at the stunning, unassailable rightness of this revelation, Hilary Norman had stood with his mouth ajar until jocularly challenged by one of the departing scrubwomen.

“Why’n’cha ask her to marry ye, then?” teased the woman. “Keep yer child in the family, like!” and the old woman went off into gales of laughter.

Relaxing with a sense of the absolute correctness of this advice, Sly beamed at his adviser and strode purposefully out of the great hall. Of course, he must go first to his own house and wash off the dust and grime of the day. Then, dressed in his best clothes, he must eat a nourishing meal to give him—strength—courage—whatever it took to chance his luck.

He tried and failed to get a meal in his empty kitchen, seeing only a vivid little face with sparkling big brown eyes wherever he looked. The witch had put a charm on the place! And then, almost too soon, he was entering the Hassleton mansion and asking the fatherly butler to announce him. While he was still trying to plan out a strategic attack, she was here, his adorable little charmer. And it was going to be all right! For how could anything so manifestly destined by fate to be, not occur? The major, riding joyously on the wave of his dazzling vision, advanced on his objective with more force than finesse.

Moira, coming happily to welcome her executive officer, found herself seized in an iron-clad embrace. “When shall we be married, my little love?” demanded her captor in a curiously strangled voice.

First startled, and then reminded of the way they had parted. Moira decided her teasing friend was carrying on the jest. Of course, this was his way of paying her back for the outrageous trick she had played on him in front of the raucous audience this afternoon.

“Next Tuesday?” She prolonged the game. “I think I could fit you in.”

The major frowned. Why was she making a joke out of his proposal? Surely a girl should behave in a more solemn way at so important a moment? Still, it was the first proposal he had ever made. He released the fragrant, soft body and stepped back a pace. “You take a man’s most important offer rather lightly, Miss Lovelace,” he said sternly. “I had not expected—levity.”

Moira gasped. “You . . . you meant it?”

Major Hilary Norman bowed. Rather distantly.

Moira’s thoughts were in a turmoil. Hilary wished to marry her? Could it be possible? This was her first proposal. She wondered frantically what she should do. It was plain from his withdrawal into cool displeasure that she had deeply offended him. And yet . . . marriage! The girl scrambled for something to say.

“I have no dowry” was what came out, shocking her own ears almost as much as it did his.

“I was not aware that such a subject had been mentioned,” the officer said, even more stiffly. “I believe I should be able to support you. Perhaps not on the scale to which you are becoming accustomed. . . .” His glance, almost accusing, took in the overostentatious furnishings of Henry Hassleton’s drawing room.

Moira felt a stir of anger. “You know very well I am not accustomed to anything more than a small cottage in a tiny village!” she said hotly—but the heat was for his dismaying change of attitude, not for his words spoken, that she knew, were a hurt response to what he had thought she meant when she had implied—oh, it was too absurd! This was not her friend Sly! This stiff, angry man was not even darling Hilary, about whom she was already feeling some very unusual emotions. Anxiously she scanned the dear, handsome face she had kissed so pleasurably just a few hours earlier. Could she bring back that man . . . ?

Impulsively Moira stepped forward, pulled his stern dark face down to hers, and kissed him soundly. In order to gauge his reaction to her boldness, she kept her eyes wide open.

Sly was doing the same. First the blood seemed to flow out of his head, leaving him dizzy and shaken. And then, with a rush, it flowed back, and he caught his frightening little temptress close in his arms.

“What the devil are you playing at?” he panted against her lips. A most enigmatic smile was on her sweet, soft rosy mouth. He shook her slightly, not so much that he lost his grip, but enough to remind her who was the aggressor in this mysterious game. And then his muscles relaxed. Aggressor? He would be lucky if he got out of this with his brains intact! His little charmer had a decidedly alarming effect upon a man who thought of himself as a trained and battle-honed strategist.

“I surrender!” gasped the major, and put his mouth back where it longed to be, against those rosy lips.

Which, thank heaven, softened and opened to receive his adoration.

After a long moment of extreme delight, Hilary Norman was able to murmur, “I take it that means yes?”

“Yes,” said Moira very quickly, so that he would not entangle them both in some other masculine foible or ritual. “Yes, I will marry you, Hilary. But perhaps,” she added cautiously, “we had better wait until after the guildhall dinner to tell Henry and Lili.”

The major, holding his future in his arms, was to blissful to question the delay.





Chapter Twenty-One



Moira, busy in the kitchen, was denied the sight of the great carriages swaying and swinging to a halt in front of the guildhall the following evening, when the important figures in the city of London rallied to support Mrs. Barton’s restoration ball, as it had come to be called. Between real gratitude that they had not had to squelch out into sodden fields (it had been pouring rain since noon), and pleasure at the sparkling fresh appearance of their historic jewel of a hall, the guests were generous in their praise as they greeted their hostess, and the lord mayor, and the committee headed by Mr. and Mrs. Henry Hassleton.

Moira had arrived two hours earlier, to be sure the food for the lavish banquet was ready, savory, and sufficient. She had hurried past the fourteen-foot-high carved wooden figures of Gog and Magog that flanked the door leading to the Council Chamber, casting those two defenders a wary glance as she did so. Carved in 1708 by one Richard Saunders, to replace an earlier pair made of wicker and pasteboard, the hollow giants were formidable guardians, and seemed, with lowering frowns, to be challenging Moira’s right to be making free use of the guildhall. She almost found herself explaining that she was working in their behalf, to preserve and beautify the historic building. Shaking her head at her own gullibility, the girl walked quickly on to the kitchens to make sure all was perfection for the banquet.

When the guests began to pour in, Lili came to find Moira, greeting her with flashing delight in her black eyes.

“Henry is so puffed up with pride that I fear he will swell until he is as huge as those wooden giants—hideous things, are they not? Why one would wish to flaunt them!—and will probably burst!” she whispered. “Several of the aldermen have congratulated him on his brilliant idea of refurbishing the hall. And Mrs. Barton is telling everyone how hard she has had to work to make Mr. Hassleton’s idea a reality” Lili smothered a laugh. “Do you mind sharing the glory? You and the major will have to congratulate each other, since no one else is likely to know who is truly responsible for the triumph.”

Moira forced a smile. “If only the dinner goes well . . . and nothing outrageous happens!” She crossed her fingers superstitiously.

Lili was looking past the girl’s shoulder. “I do believe I see the marquess of Donat! What on earth can he be doing at a plebeian affair like this?”

Moira turned quickly. Adam Donat stood just within the hall, scowling and searching the huge, crowded room with an angry glare.

Oh, heavens, he is in one of his rages! Moira thought despairingly. What can it be this time? Will he try to punish me publicly for slapping his face?

Her jaw set. I shall not let him ruin this triumph for Henry and dear Lili! Impulsively she began to thread her way among the chattering groups toward the marquess.

Major Norman stepped into her path so suddenly that she almost hit his body with her own. Glancing up nervously, she met a hard, questioning stare.

“I advise you to keep away from Donat till the latest charges against him are cleared.” His voice was low and hard. “You can see he is angry and dangerous. When he’s in one of his furies, he loses control—”

“What charges?” asked Moira, her voice as low as his.

“He is being investigated in the matter of the disappearance of Sir John Benedict, and tonight his heir, Vivian, has also disappeared. The number of suspects is decreasing daily,” the major ended ironically. There was no use mentioning the letter accusing the marquess of murdering both men. That very afternoon one of Sly’s fellow agents, an old army comrade, had been sent to warn the major that he was not to become embroiled in the scandal that what about to rock London.

“Pitt says you’ve done your best for Miss Lovelace, and must avoid further active participation in so potentially awkward a situation. If one of the P.M.’s agents is known to be meddling in criminal matters—!”

The major set his jaw. “The girl has nothing to do with the damned marquess!” he had protested.

Only to receive a mocking, “And a great deal to do with you, old man? Better see that she stays out of the brouhaha as well! She’s no match for Adonis!” his fellow officer had said. With a sinking heart, Sly stared into Moira’s face now, knowing that, match or not, engagement or not, his little lioness was at her most protective. Her small, sober countenance was set in fierce determination. Sly did not know that her determination was to prevent the lecherous nobleman from venting his spite upon poor Henry—or even upon Lili and Sly!

The major tried once more. “I warn you, Moira! Reason and logic play no part in Donat’s thinking when he is angry. Can you not let the man handle his problems himself? He is titled, wealthy, and old enough to manage his own affairs. He has friends in high places. What help can you give such a man?”

If you only knew, thought Moira, it is Lili and Henry and you, my darling, I am trying to protect! She understood that it was jealousy that set that deep frown to grooving his dark soldier’s face, jealousy of a man he deemed handsomer and more attractive in every way than himself. She dared not tell her soldier about the ugly incident in the closed carriage, lest it send him into a disastrous conflict with the powerful creature he had just described. Recalling the marquess’s icy, silent fury as his carriage made its way back to Queen’s Square, Moira knew it was more than likely that Adonis had decided to exact vengeance for her rejection and especially for that slap on the petulant, beautiful face. I cannot let his venom poison my loved ones! I must get him out of here!

While the major, jealous and angry, and Moira, desperate but determined, faced each other in a silent conflict of wills, the marquess caught sight of them. He strode forward and, ignoring Sly completely, seized Moira’s shoulder in a grip so painful that she bit her lip to keep from crying out.

“What do you know of this latest accusation, Madam Tease? I suspect that this namby-pamby concern of yours is nothing but a mask for your underhanded little schemes!”

His voice was so harsh and loud that heads began to turn to discover the source of the argument.

Sly removed the offending hand with a grip that nearly crushed the marquess’s fingers.

“I think it would be better for all concerned if we continued this discussion in a more private place,” the major said firmly, but without heat.

Adam glared at the interloper but, after a glance at the avid faces around them, allowed himself to be led into a small anteroom. Before he could launch into another attack, Moira spoke. Trying for a light touch in the hope that it might relieve the tension they were all under, she smiled up into the beautiful, angry face so close above her.

“We should not wish to make a rumpus in front of all those city dignitaries, should we, milord?” she began, mawkishly sweet.

It was the wrong tone to adopt, she saw immediately. Both men stared at her as though she were out of her mind. Then Adam said, “I demand to know whether you and your lover have been plotting to ruin me!”

“You are mad,” said the major grimly. “If your situation were any less desperate, I should challenge you to a duel for your filthy accusations. But since this gentle lady seems to care what happens to you, I shall wait until you are cleared of criminal charges before I do so.”

“Noble sentiments from a rascal masquerading as an officer and a gentleman,” sneered the marquess unforgivably. “In what pawnshop did you find that gaudy coat?”

Moira caught her breath as she saw the black rage in her soldier’s face. “No, Sly! Don’t hit him! You know it will solve nothing!”

“You would defend this—this miserable excuse for an Englishman?” He looked at the grinning Adonis. “I won the right to wear this coat when I served under Wellington, sir. While you, milord, were drinking yourself under the table, gaming away your money, and seducing the shopworn mistresses of your best friends.”

“Bravo!” Adonis clapped his hands as if applauding a fine performance on stage. As he laughed, Moira caught the strong reek of brandy on his breath.

“He’s drunk, Hilary! You can’t hold this nonsense against him!”

Major Norman had had his fill of both of them: the silly girl who didn’t know a real man from a spoiled boy, and the drunken clown she persisted in defending. Blind with jealousy, he drew himself up and favored them with his smartest salute. “I see I am superfluous in this encounter,” he said coldly. “I bid you good night.” He strode away with a firm tread.

Adonis laughed. “I have routed your fine hero without having to strike a blow,” he leered, his violet eyes sparkling with drunken mischief. “He is only a pasteboard soldier after all!”

Moira held his mocking gaze with steady eyes. After a moment, the grin faded from the beautiful face and Adonis frowned. Drunk as he was, he could sense that the girl was condemning him. How dare she set herself up to judge him?

“You are perhaps the most beautiful human being I have ever seen,” she said quietly. “Is there a mind behind that flawless face, a person who makes judgments, true or false, about other people, and acts upon those judgments? Or is there just a spoiled, willful child? If your decisions are proved incorrect, do you try to make amends as decent men do? Inside that magnificent body, where human souls have values, ideals, compassion, are you as empty as the hollow statues of Gog and Magog?” She turned away.

Donat took a single step after her—whether to kiss or kill he did not know—and felt a sharp rap on one shoulder. Swinging about, Adam found himself eye-to-eye with Major Norman.

“Come back to talk it all over?” gibed Adonis.

“I’ve come back to finish your business,” said the soldier. “Outside, where we won’t be interrupted by soft-headed females.” Of course, he hadn’t been able to leave the little idiot to her fate. But if there must be a scandal, it had better not be allowed to ruin Henry’s great hour.

Adam followed the major from the guildhall. Outside, it was still raining. Wretched coachmen who hadn’t had the sense to return to their stables were huddled on their boxes under sheltering capes. Sly glanced around with a grimace.

“This is no place to carry on a sensible discussion!”

“Much less a common brawl,” gibed Adam. “You might get your pretty coat wet.”

“You a fool—and not half as drunk as you would have me think,” retorted the major calmly.

Adam shrugged. In truth, he was losing the brandy-induced lightheartedness, or its boon companion, the warming gust of rage he had been fanning all evening, ever since he had been warned of the new charges against him by one of Beresford’s most trusted employees. The lawyer had gruffly advised him to get out of London until matters could be investigated and his name cleared. Beresford had no reliance upon his noble client’s ability to handle such degrading and dangerous charges as he was liable to face if he remained in the city.

As usual, Adam had done as he pleased. And now he had a fugitive thought that he might better have followed Beresford’s directive! He squared his shoulders and sought to stir up some supportive anger.

“So, toy soldier, what shall we discuss?”

“I hear that your best friend is missing,” began Sly, “and also your heir. You believe in making a clean sweep, do you not?”

Both men were huddled as uncomfortably as the coachmen but lacking the heavy capes the latter sheltered under, Adam flexed his shoulders. “Can’t we get inside somewhere? A tavern?”

Sly, who wasn’t enjoying the exposure any more than Adam was, managed a pitying smile. “Oh, does a little rain upset you? How fortunate that you were not with us in Spain, or France, or Portugal, where the weather was frequently inclement!”

Gritting his teeth, Adam led the way to a comfortable-looking carriage and yanked the door open. Sly followed gladly, merely waving a soothing hand at the hostile coachman.

“Your employer will never know anything about it,” he advised, “and I’ll give you something for a drink when we leave.”

“From what you just told the coachman, you don’t intend to fight a duel in here,” sneered Adam.

“We must talk.” The major wasted no time. “I do not think you are guilty of any of the crimes attributed to you, Donat, but I do think you are your own worst enemy. You do not do anything but harm to your case with these brawls and public tantrums.”

This last word was the push needed to fuel a fine rage in the nobleman. “If you can keep your sickly little busybody out of my way, prevent her from drumming up any more schemes to ‘save me,’ I shall manage nicely,” he said provocatively.

The major surprised him. Instead of the brangle Adam had hoped to start, he got a cold look and the quiet instruction. “You had better engage to keep away from Miss Lovelace. It was not she who came searching for you tonight—as we both know.”

The two men stared at each other through the gloom of the carriage. Then Sly shrugged dismissively. “This is useless. Good night, milord.” Swinging open the door, he paused only long enough to toss a coin to the waiting coachman before striding off down the street.

Adam surprised him.

Leaping down with grace, he ran lightly after his antagonist, calling out “Norman!” in a husky voice.

The soldier turned, instantly alert.

There was no mistaking the belligerence in the marquess’s stance. The major’s gaze went past him to the open doors of the great guildhall. Moira stood there, framed in light, wearing her cape. She was peering anxiously into the flambeau-lighted darkness of the street.

She has come to save him again, thought Sly, and the pain of it froze him for a moment. And then his chance to defend himself was gone. Adam’s clenched fist struck just below Sly’s ear. The soldier went down onto the slimy cobblestones.

Moira ran forward.

Adam saw her and grinned widely. “He didn’t even raise a hand to defend himself!” he gloated. “You’re hero!”

“He was protecting me,” the girl said tonelessly, kneeling to raise the inert figure from the ground into her lap. “Get me a carriage.”

“We seem to have played this scene before,” taunted the marquess. “With a different villain.”

Moira did not even bother to look at him.

After a moment Adam strolled off to requisition a coach for the injured man.





Chapter Twenty-Two



Sometime later Sly opened his eyes and found himself lying on a comfortable bed, staring up into the pale countenance of Miss Moira Lovelace. He was not, at the moment, best pleased with this lady, and the look he gave her was unfriendly.

“Why are you not in the arms of your hero? Congratulating him upon his . . . strength and valor?”

“Stop that,” the little female said calmly. “We both know it’s not true. You spared him because you thought I was worried about him”

“And were you not?” sneered her soldier. “You cared enough about the belligerent fool to leave the banquet and all your obligations and come out to make sure he didn’t get his pretty features damaged!”

“That was not why I followed you,” Moira said, gently.

The man was not placated. “Why, then?” he demanded.

Moira deftly applied a cold wet cloth to his swollen jaw. “I hoped to prevent a confrontation,” she told him. “He—he might have hurt you.”

The major found this less than flattering. “Don’t try to gammon me, little one! You’ve thought of no one but that—male beauty since you first laid eyes on him. Adonis, remember? I was there.”

“You must think as you wish,” answered Moira wearily. “Males make a habit of twisting fact to suit their own prejudices, I have learned. To my mind, the most important thing at this moment is to get you on your feet and safely back to your own home. If you will give me the address, I shall have you taken there as soon as you feel able for the trip.”

“Very neat!” sneered the soldier, determined to have his pound of flesh from this maddeningly enigmatic little woman. Just twenty-four hours ago, she had accepted his proposal of marriage with every indication of delight. What was she up to now? Had she had second thoughts on seeing the damned Adonis again? Suddenly he thought he knew what was going on. “You are taking all this trouble so as to protect your Adonis from blame or censure for a cowardly blow behind a man’s back!”

“You saw it coming,” Moira said tonelessly.

The major set his teeth. At this moment the whole imbroglio seemed an exercise in futility. He pulled himself upright. “I am able to leave now.”

He glanced around him and discovered that he had been brought up to the girl’s bedroom. At least it could be her bedroom. The colors were soft and feminine, the furniture delicate, the woman-scent unmistakably hers. Why had she brought him here?

He glanced down at his clothing, and from there to the delicate bedspread. “I have got mud on your bed,” he announced. “Why did you bring me here?”

Moira ignored that rather pertinent question. “Pomfret, Cousin Lili’s butler, felt it wiser to have you here, when only he, the footman who helped carry you, and myself would know of your presence,” she explained. “In case the Hassletons decided to come home early.”

A reluctant grin forced itself onto Sly’s stiff lips. “Can you really see Henry abandoning the scene of his triumph while one alderman remains to congratulate him?” he demanded.

Sharing that smile was one of the loveliest things Moira had ever done. Had he forgiven her, then? Or was this just a truce? Either way, it was better than the cold dismissal that had been inherent in his earlier remarks. Moira gathered up her courage.

“May I come with you, to see you comfortably disposed in your own home?” she asked humbly.

But her former champion was too hurt, too wary, to unbend that far. Getting carefully to his feet, he straightened his muddied coat. “Thank you, that will not be necessary, ma’am. You have compromised yourself sufficiently for one night. It is perhaps just as well you did not make public your engagement to a ‘rascal masquerading as a gentleman,’ ” he quoted bitterly. “I shall bid you good night—and good-bye.” He strode from her room a little unsteadily, but every inch the soldier.





It was the following afternoon before Moira learned the full extent of the trouble in which the marquess now found himself. She learned it from a very solemn Mr. Beresford, who had called at Queen’s Square with the express purpose of questioning Miss Lovelace as a possible witness to the previous night’s events. A pale-faced girl confronted the lawyer in Lili’s formal drawing room. The lawyer wasted no time.

“I understand that you had conversation with the marquess at the guildhall last evening, just before dinner?” he began. “I know of your efforts to assist him . . . and of the less than gracious response my client has made,” he added gently.

“I did not help him for a reward,” Moira said stiffly.

Beresford nodded. “In spite of his stupidity, his bad temper, and his appalling ingratitude, could you find it in your compassionate nature to help the fellow once more?”

Beresford nodded. “In spite of his stupidity, his bad temper, and his appalling ingratitude, could you find it in your compassionate nature to help the fellow once more?”

“Of course I shall do whatever I can,” Moira answered.

The lawyer seemed satisfied with that lukewarm reply. He went on slowly, “What I am about to tell you . . . what I must tell you if you are to understand my problem, is to be held by you in strictest confidence. Only Major Norman, if you can enlist his help after last night’s debacle, may share the information I am now going to give you.”

Did this slender, silver-haired man know everything that went on in London? How much did he know about “last night’s debacle”? She stared at him with rising alarm. “Perhaps you had better not count upon my—enlisting—the major’s help,” she warned him. “He is out of charity with me. With good cause,” she ended sadly.

“Well, we shall have to see,” Beresford said. “The charges now being made against my client, Lord Adam Donat, are: that he murdered his best friend, Sir John Benedict (now missing from his home for several days); that he murdered his intelligencer, Alfred Nims; that he kidnapped and possibly murdered his heir, Vivian Donat; and that he was instrumental in kidnapping his gaming companion, Max Hightower, also missing for several days.” Ignoring the girl’s gasp of horror, Beresford continued, “Vivian disappeared last night. I was in hopes that you might be able to testify to Lord Donat’s presence in your company, and Major Norman’s during part of the evening at least?”

It was a question—and a plea. Moira nodded agreement without a second thought. She had been completely disillusioned concerning the beautiful nobleman, but her heart still held concern for a male who had ever grown into full, responsible manhood despite his years. She answered quickly.

“Yes, the marquess sought me out at the guildhall dinner last night. We talked for several minutes. Major Norman joined us, and then both men left together. I joined them later in the street. There was—as I am sure you have been told—an argument.”

“I hear that Donat knocked the major down,” said the lawyer concisely. “And that you rescued the soldier and bore him off in a carriage Donat secured for you.”

“You have been correctly informed,” said Moira coldly.

Beresford sighed. “I was afraid of that! Not enough time elapsed, you see,” he explained to her worried glance. “If he had been going to kidnap Vivian and carry him off, he had plenty of time to do it after he hit Norman. Vivian is well-known for the fact that he spends most nights at gambling hells in very poor neighborhoods. The better houses, White’s and Brooks’s, refuse to admit him, even if he is Adam’s heir. It seems Vivian was abducted as he was making his way home from one such den.”

“And the major and I cannot help the marquess to prove where he was,” mused the girl.

Beresford caught the speculative gleam in her wide brown eyes. Almost smiling, he protested, “Oh, no, ma’am! You must not pretend you were with him last night! It would never do! For one thing, your reputation would be smirched beyond repair, and for another, you would have to swear to it in a court of law, and I cannot quite see you perjuring yourself to that degree! But I thank you for the generous thought.”

“Perhaps Sly—Major Norman—might have seen him later last night?” suggested Moira. But that was a faint hope, and the lawyer destroyed it.

“Considering the way they parted, ma’am, and the number of coachmen and grooms who witnessed their quarrel, it might be better not to tie Major Norman into Donat’s late-night activities. Because, you see, Adam has disappeared, too. I had advised him to play least-in-sight, but he never accepts my advice. It is claimed he ran off after murdering Vivian last night.”

Moira could only stare at the lawyer in horror. “Surely no one believes that!” she gasped.

Beresford shrugged, his face set in an expression of doubt. “I would have sworn that Adam was not a murderer,” he murmured. “Quick-tempered—violent-tempered—yes. But not to the extent of killing another human being. Now your major, for instance, has proved his mettle in the field . . . .” he paused suggestively.

Moira said coldly, “If I thought you were serious, I should do you an injury.”

Beresford chuckled reprehensibly. “Just proving a hypothesis,” he explained outrageously. “No, Miss Lovelace, I do not think either of your cavaliers is capable of the kind of cold-blooded, wily skullduggery we have to contend with here. But Adam Donat is such a looby that he’ll get himself hanged for sure if we don’t step in and find the real villain. Are you willing to help me?”

“Of course,” said the girl. “But you’ll have trouble enlisting Major Norman if you have me on your staff. The major,” she said reflectively, “is both angry and disillusioned with me at the moment.”

“Could we say jealous?” probed the lawyer, which was met with a very repressive look from the lady. He took the hint and got back to business at once.

“Can you tell me anything about the crimes, anything that sticks in your mind as out-of-place, perhaps?” he asked.

The girl pondered the matter. At length she asked, “Was the handwriting checked on the note found in Nims’s pocket, the one that was addressed to Adam?”

Beresford flipped open a small notebook. “There have been two notes, actually. One, purporting to come from Nims, which incriminated Adam; the second, received this morning at Bow Street, claiming Adam murdered Nims, Benedict, Hightower, and Vivian, and has now fled the country. Yes, the officer got a sample of Adam’s writing.”

“And?” the girl urged.

“Both letters were printed. Anyone could have written them.”

Mira thought about that. “Surely no one would bother to incriminate Adam unless he—or she—had a vital interest in the Donat estate and title?”

“Like Vivian? But he’s disappeared, too.”

Moira frowned. “I cannot believe that Adam would be stupid enough to leave a note incriminating himself on the body of a man he had just murdered. The note was meant to incriminate him.”

“I am inclined to agree with you, Miss Lovelace,” said the lawyer. “Thank you for your patience and your help. If anything else occurs to you, will you let me know at my office or my residence, as quickly as possible?” He handed her a slip of paper upon which the two addresses were neatly written, thanked her again, and took his leave.

Moira stood in the drawing room for a time after Beresford left, thinking uneasily that there was something about the matter, something quite simple, which she had failed to perceive. One thing she did know, Beresford had given her a chance to see Sly again!

Fortunately for Moira, the major was at home when she arrived at his house an hour later. She had taken the time to present her best appearance, for she had a pretty good idea that her soldier would not surrender without a brisk battle. It seemed she was right. When the major opened the door, his expression, at first merely curious, became quite forbidding when he recognized his visitor.

“What do you want?” he snapped.

Moira considered the possibility of telling him the truth, but decided it was too risky just yet. “To speak to you for five minutes,” she murmured instead, venturing a smile.

Sly glared at her suspiciously, and his expression hardened. “Beresford’s been to see you, and the two of you have mounted a campaign to rescue your pretty marquess,” he accused. “Well, I wish you good luck, but you may count me out,” and he made to close the door.

“Hi-i-i-lary,” cooed Moira in saccharine tones. “Please?”

Almost against his will the soldier grinned.

“Minx,” he said appreciatively. Then he stiffened his will. “You aren’t going to get around me with any of that wheedling! Find someone else to pull your beautiful idiot out of his self-made mess. I’ve resigned.”

“I need you,” said Mora honestly.

Sly glanced at her sharply. There was something in her voice. . . . Then he hardened his heart. A man would be a fool to break his back to secure another man for the woman he himself loved! Go away, Moira. Let the authorities help him. If he is innocent, he won’t suffer.”

The lovely girl stared up at him in silence.

Almost unmanned, Sly began to close the door.

“I’ll still be here, you know,” she said softly. “Standing out here in all weathers, waiting for a crumb from your table . . .”

Sly glared at her. “What are you trying to do to me?” he almost shouted.

“I am trying to tell you I want you,” the witch said softly.

It did not occur to the beleaguered man that she really meant she wanted him. He knew too well that she was besotted over her beautiful marquess. So of course what she wanted was the soldier’s help. Staring down at that sweet face, Sly gave up the unequal struggle. Shrugging, he stepped back and held the door open. “Come in,” he said grimly. “I suppose I shall have to help you, but I must warn you that I have decided to resume work with the government tomorrow. Any help I give must be done today.”

“Not long enough,” said the little shrew boldly. “You’ll have to ask Mr. Pitt for an extended leave of absence.”

The major glared at her incredulously. “Where did you come by that knowledge?” he demanded. And then, “No, don’t tell me. If you’ve subverted the whole government, I’d rather not hear about it!”

“I guessed,” offered Moira humbly.

“As I said, you are a witch.” Gloomily Sly led the way into his small dining room. It was cold and dark.

“You aren’t asking me upstairs?” the girl prodded.

“No, said Sly uncompromisingly. “State your problem. Briefly.”

“I’m hungry,” said Moira.

It was true. She had been so excited at the opportunity of seeing her soldier once more that she had not bothered to eat lunch. “May we go down to the kitchen?” Perhaps their presence in that room might bring back pleasant memories to her disgruntled major?

He was staring at her warily. “You’re really hungry?”

“Starving!”

Don’t overdo it, the girl warned herself. Sly is no fool. She contented herself with a coaxing “Please?”

Convinced he was being maneuvered, yet quite unable to deny the little enchantress, Sly led the way down the narrow stirs to his kitchen. Moira examined the mess with interest. “I see that your chef is still on holiday,” she said blandly. “Is there anything prepared for your luncheon?”

“I made myself a cup of tea when I woke up,” Sly said stiffly. “I am not hungry. I had rather a bad headache all night.”

Moira’s eyes went to the blue and purple bruise on his jaw.

“You’ll heal quicker if you eat,” retorted the girl. “If you will just sit somewhere out of the way, I’ll fix a decent meal for both of us.”

She slipped out of her short capelet and the enchanting little bonnet that matched it, placed them neatly on a chair, removed her gloves, set them aside with her reticule, and then surveyed the scene. In a minute she had all the dirty dishes in a bowl in the stone sink and was rinsing off the table. Then she walked into the larder and spent a few minutes examining her resources.

When she came back to the kitchen, it was to see the major seated where she had left him, staring at her with a mixture of curiosity and alarm.

“You really mean to prepare food for me?” he asked.

Moira didn’t dignify that with a reply. Instead she began beating eggs and chopping cheese for an omelet.

“Your supplies are limited. You need help with your commissariat, major.”

The soldier couldn’t think of an answer to that.

Fifteen dazzling minutes later, having witnessed the washing of the dirty dishes, the setting of the table with a cloth he had forgotten he owned, Sly was invited to partake of a mouth-watering omelet.

“Eat,” commanded the little female crisply.

The soldier almost saluted. Instead, he gathered the remnants of his aplomb and glanced inquiringly at her empty plate. “Where is your food?”

Moira was already beating fresh eggs into the bowl. “You make omelets one at a time,” she said complacently. “Then they are delicate and tender. Eat yours while it is hot.”

The major, too bemused to argue, and too tempted by the delicate aroma rising to his nostrils, complied. Shortly the girl was seating herself across from him, with a well-laden plate before her.

“How is—was it?” noticing his empty plate.

Sly grinned. “Just as good as you knew it would be! Do you intend to eat all of yours? If not . . .”

Moira beamed at him. It was working! They were in harmony again, as they had been that first morning before the marquess had intruded into their lives. Rising, she carried her plate around to his side of the table.

The soldier lounged in his place, his lean, hard body at ease in the chair, his dark face turned up to hers, the wide white slash of his smile welcoming her. “I hope this means you are going to sit beside me,” he teased, “as well as sharing that enormous omelet!”

Serving him with a portion of her meal, Moira felt that life could hold no greater joy—well, perhaps a few greater. The next quarter hour passed in perfect amity, as Moira did not return to her former position and the major enjoyed her cooking with undisguised relish. Finally he pushed back his chair and faced her.

“We’ll talk now, little one. Why are you here?”

The girl hesitated, looking into his dark silver eyes with concern. She had already decided that she would always be honest with this man, no matter the cost to herself. But men were, in the phraseology of South Littlefield, kittle-cattle, which meant that a woman had to handle them gently. So she said, “There were two reasons why I came. I think the first one will make you angry. . . .” She hesitated.

The wretch, sipping his coffee, had the effrontery to grin at her. The meal seemed to have restored his spirits to a remarkable degree. Or perhaps, Moira thought hopefully, it was not entirely the food?

“So! Your first reason will make me angry,” he repeated. “Do you hope the second will placate me?”

Devil! He is enjoying this! the girl realized. Well, why not? I want him to be happy! She gathered her courage. “I hope so,” she agreed.

“Say on,” he invited, his strong body plainly relaxed and more attractive than perhaps he realized. Moira could hardly keep her eyes off him.

“Mr. Beresford called upon me today, as you guessed, and told me a great deal about the ugly events that have been happening. Rumors of four murders, and all to be laid at the door of Adam Donat! By whoever set up the crime. . . .” She paused, but the major made no comment. He merely kept his gleaming eyes fixed upon her face and waited for the rest.

“Mr. Beresford and I agreed that Adam, although immature and quick-tempered, was not capable of cold-blooded mass murder,” Moira continued in a level tone. “We agreed that there must be another person responsible for this wicked plot. Perhaps the one who set up the ambush the night you and I met.”

The major showed both interest and pleasure for the first time. “You recall that night in terms of our meeting?”

“What happened later, after we had delivered the marquess to his home, is one of my most pleasant memories,” she confessed. “I believed I had made a—a good friend.” Somehow she dared not say more . . . yet. Then, in order to get this first part over, she went on quickly, “Mr. Beresford hoped that either you or I could give the marquess an alibi. I said that I could not, and that you probably should not be approached after what he had so cravenly done to you.” There, it was out!

“Wise of you not to pledge me to that fellow’s service” was all that her frustrating companion would say.

Moira continued, “I agreed to report any additional facts I might remember, or any new facts that might come my way, and Mr. Beresford left.”

Again the girl waited, but apart from an increasingly feral, white-toothed grin, her soldier made no comment.

“You’re going to let me make all the running, aren’t you?” she asked finally.

Again, just the grin.

Moira accepted her fate. “Very well, then. I proceed to my second reason for coming to you today.”

“I am all ears,” said the major pleasantly.

Moira stared at him in exasperation. He was going to let her say it, open her heart, make herself forever vulnerable to her splendid soldier. He had asked her once. Any further advances must come from her. She pulled in a deep breath. Well, so be it! She opened her lips—

Sly put his arm around her. “You’ve come to tell me it is I whom you love, haven’t you?” he said softly, his silver gaze steady on her face. “Not Adonis, for all his beauty.”

Moira gasped. “Was I so obvious?”

“Perhaps I am particularly—ah—sensitive where you are concerned,” her soldier explained. He rose to his feet, his eyes still locked on hers. “Tell me!”

Only by the faintest roughening of that deep voice could Moira understand how deeply moved her soldier was. She felt she could not keep this wonderful man waiting, uncertain, one second longer. She rose and moved eagerly toward him, into his open arms. As they closed about her, hard, warm, protective, Moira shut her eyes with the bliss of the union.

For along moment the man held her very close to him, both cradling her and challenging her. The girl basked in the feel of him—the warmth and clean male scent of him. She breathed him in with a ragged inhalation of delight. She was hungry for the ardent pressure of his firm, hard lips on hers. After a moment, she opened her eyes. Surely he was going to kiss her?

“That is what I have been waiting for,” breathed her soldier. “For you to look at me . . . to let me see your eyes!” He took her lips like a conqueror, in a kiss of total possession. When he raised his head, “We shall announce our engagement tomorrow,” he said masterfully, and kissed the tender smile she gave him.

When she had caught her breath, Moira beamed at her soldier with such delighted satisfaction that the man was startled into a laugh. The girl’s pretty eyebrows rose in question.

“You exactly resemble a small kitten who has stolen the cream,” the major explained. “Pleased, complacent”—he chuckled—“satisfied.”

“Satisfied? Surely you jest,” returned Moira naughtily.

Incredulous, charmed, Hilary grinned at her. This was no shallow, conventional miss but a real woman, earthy and witty and vulnerable. And she wanted him! Her soldier hugged her in an embrace that left her breathless and joyful. Lovingly she scanned the dark masculine face so close above her own. She had not ever observed quite this expression of contentment—of homecoming—on his strong features, before.

In truth, Hilary Norman was almost dizzy with happiness. He had never known such utter contentment, yet even as he marveled at his luck, a twinge of fear struck at him that something—or someone!—might take his happiness away. Life held pain, loss. Life was never perfect. He had learned that fact in a hard school!

He knew how compassionate Moira was. She had come to him today to enlist his help in the rescue—again!—of Adam Donat. It was a task he must accomplish in order to win the treasure he sought—Moira’s full love, and attention. Compelling his arms to release the soft, warm little female, he forced himself to consider mundane matters.

“We must get back to your first reason for coming to me today,” he began, trying for a light tone. “What shall we do to save Adonis?”

Why did she continue to press against him, now that he had set her free? Not that I wish her anywhere else but in my arms, God knows, but it is devilish hard to concentrate upon anything else when I can feel her warmth, and catch the sweet woman-scent of her. . . .

Moira seemed to be considering his question. It was more difficult than she had expected to pull away from the seductive gentleness of his embrace. Pay attention! she chided her unruly emotions.

“Did you know anything about John Benedict, or Adam Donat, or Vivian Donat, or Max Hightower, before the trouble began?”

“Only by hearsay,” Sly admitted. “I was not one of their exalted company.”

“That is their loss,” said Moira, with such conviction that Sly felt eight-feet-tall. “What exactly did you hear?” she went on.

“That Hightower was a drunken fool who gamed away his inheritance to Donat; that Adam was overly generous to his friend John, and that all three of them despised Vivian, who naturally hated them.”

“A delightful group,” commented the girl. “I am glad you are not part of it!” Sly’s spirits rose at the hint that Moira was no longer impressed with Adonis.

“I can understand Adam’s dislike of Vivian,” he admitted. “That is truly a vicious creature, depraved and greedy. The marquess had a right to be disgusted, and wary of him. Vivian was forever circulating nasty rumors about his cousin, at the same time that he was cadging money from Adam’s comptroller. As for Benedict, it is widely accepted that Adam is his best friend—and a very good one. The marquess is known to have helped Benedict out of several financial pinches.” The soldier paused, then went on. “There is evidence that Benedict might have been behind at least one of the attacks upon Adam’s person.”

Moira, shocked, said, “But this is dreadful! The ton must be a bear-pit! A man’s best friend, recipient of his generosity, to turn against his benefactor!”

Sly, who had lived longer and harder than his little love, said nothing.

Moira was continuing, “It reminds me of the games the boys used to play in South Littlefield. Bamboozling or flimflamming, they used to call it. It involved tricking some smaller, weaker child. Even as a little girl, I hated it, but the men—fathers, older brothers—seemed to think it was great fun, as well as strengthening to the male character.” She bent a minatory glance upon her big soldier, as though holding him responsible for the whole male attitude.

Laughing ruefully, Sly held up both hands in surrender. “I confess we are a sad lot, ma’am, but one has to adopt certain attitudes, accept certain rules, in order to survive in a difficult world.”

Moira absolved him with a sweet smile. “I am sure you have never behaved with cruelty or malice toward anyone weaker than yourself! In fact, I am living testimony to your compassion, your integrity, your—”

Sly, who could have listened to the litany of praise all day, felt constrained by the rules he had mentioned to cut her short. “You, he said tenderly, “would bring out the best in any man!”

Unwilling to argue against this tribute, Moira was newly strengthened in her determination never to mention the marquess’s reprehensible treatment of her. Instead, she returned to the problem they faced. “Does it seem to you that someone might have set up a series of hoaxes—false threats—against the marquess?”

Sly shook his head. “Dangerous play, I should think, considering that Donat might easily have been killed each time.”

“Then who would benefit, if he had been?”

“Vivian. But he has disappeared.”

“Who else?”

The major shrugged. “Benedict, I suppose. He has received many loans, and he is in the will. But, Moira, both those men have disappeared!”

“And so has Adam!” retorted the girl triumphantly. “If disappearing exonerates them, it should do the same for him! Any of the three could be guilty. And Adam has nothing to gain from their deaths, while they have a great deal to gain from his!”

The major regarded his little love with respect. “Why didn’t I see that? If it’s true, we had better find Adam—all of them—at once!”

May God grant they are not already dead was his unspoken prayer.





The major insisted that Moira accompany him to Bow Street, and that Mr. Beresford be sent for immediately. When the whole group was assembled in Magistrate Rowley’s chambers, Major Norman set forth Moira’s reasoning about the affair. Having expected incredulity or an argument, he was surprised to discover that Beresford at least had reached very similar conclusions, and that the Bow Street officers were actually working on the same premise. Runners were already unobtrusively searching likely places where the missing men might have been hidden. Beresford admitted that some of his private investigators had been following whatever slight clues they could dig up. Heartened but not reassured, Moira sat in the sparely furnished office, considering possibilities.

“If the criminal is Vivian Donat, would he take his victims to his mama’s home?”

Beresford shook his head. “His mama may be—strictly between present company—a vicious leech, but she is no fool. Their manor house is the first place anyone would look.”

Knowledgeable smiles from the Runners suggested that they had already surveyed that territory.

“Have the Benedicts a home outside London?” was Moira’s next question.

“Yes, and there’s no one there except the servants.”

Dismayed, the girl tried to think of other alternatives.

The major said quietly, “I suppose the marquess’s country estates have been discreetly scrutinized?”

Nods all around answered that question.

Moira lifted her head eagerly. “In South Littlefield,” she began, and then hesitated as several pairs of masculine eyes flashed to her. Forcing herself to proceed, she said, “I was speaking to Major Norman about the kinds of games that bullies played on weaker boys in my village. One great lout had a nasty habit of taking the favorite toy of some younger boy and hiding it, but never I the bully’s own cottage. He would hide it near the child’s home. Then, if the stolen object was recovered, it was always considered that the younger child himself had been careless.” She waited, realizing too late how absurd and female her idea had been.

In fact, the Bow Street officers were smiling gently, and the major was frowning. But Beresford clapped his hands sharply. “That’s it! Adam’s hunting lodge! The very place!”

“Hunting lodge?” echoed Magistrate Rowley. “I’m sure we had a surveillance on every property the marquess owns, but I don’t recall—”

Beresford was up on his feet, eager to set out. “I’ll tell you as we go! Time is of the essence here!”

Moira was very pale. “Mr. Beresford is correct. We have already lost too much time.”

The magistrate held up one hand. “We shall need to coordinate our plans so we do not rush in, startle our villain, and perhaps—precipitate matters,” he warned them. “Dangerous men with a great deal at stake may strike out viciously when they are cornered. And there is another thing. I thank you for your assistance, but you must understand and forgive me when I tell you I cannot think it wise for civilians to crowd my men at duties for which the officers are specially trained.”

“I, sir, am not a civilian, but a soldier who has seen service under Wellington. I am also, as I have informed you, presently working for Mr. Pitt in espionage—which qualifies me to help you search the criminal out,” announced the major firmly. “I shall place myself under your command, sir, but I must insist upon coming with you.”

Shrugging, the magistrate glanced at Beresford. The lawyer shook his head. “Too vital a matter for a mere elderly civilian to obstruct,” he smiled. “Let me share the information I have about Adam’s hunting lodge, and then I shall leave quietly, Your Honor!”

This speech relaxed the tension they were all laboring under. He told them that Adam and John, schoolboys home from Eton on holiday, had spent a great deal of time in some ruins near the chief estate of the Donats. The ruins were disregarded, being quite unimportant either historically or artistically, yet they offered excitement to boys of that age. The main feature was a deep cellar or crypt under the best-preserved part of the structure, which had been a small house of worship for an ancient, unorthodox group. The boys trapped rabbits nearby, and at that time had referred to the ruins as their hunting lodge.

“I agree with Miss Lovelace,” the lawyer concluded. “If a body—or bodies—were found there, near Adam’s home, one might well be led to believe he was responsible.”

Mr. Beresford wished the company success and left.

Moira sent an impassioned glance toward her soldier. Only the merest flicker of dark eyelashes, the faintest gleam in the silver eyes, told her that he would permit her to accompany him. The girl’s heart swelled with love. Never, in South Littlefield or in London, had she met with the full, open acceptance of herself as a person that this man so freely gave her.

I love you, her eyes said. I adore you!

The man gave her a smile that echoed that, and more. After a quiet consultation with the magistrate, the major offered his arm to Moira, and they left with the quiet thanks of Mr. Rowley in their ears.





Chapter Twenty-Three



Briefing her as to the Runners’ plan of attack, and his own permitted part in it, the major smiled down at his love while he drove his small, hooded cabriolet rapidly toward Queen’s Square. He handled the powerful horse and the small vehicle with masterly skill, Moira thought. A competent officer!

“You promised me I could come with you,” she reminded him.

“Did I?” her soldier teased gently. “Strange, I cannot recall the words! Quote me the exact quote in which I promised that promise, little battlemaid,” he teased.

Moira was ready for him. She gave him a luminous smile. “The language was love,” she answered softly.

“You must take the words from my lips as silently as you gave them,” and she pouted those lips at him with delicious provocation.

Groaning softly, the major capitulated, and kissed her with an ardor that quite took his mind off his driving. After a long moment of sweet communion, he put her firmly from him, and assumed a stern demeanor.

“I am a great fool, you know! It seems I cannot say you nay! But if you are to be my army, you must promise to obey, without question or hesitation, when I command you. Your life—and mine—might easily depend upon your instant obedience.”

Moira had been grinning impishly during the first part of his speech, but the possibility that Sly’s life might depend upon her behavior wiped off that smile.

“Could I really be a danger to you?” she whispered.

“You could get us both killed,” Sly said crisply. “But if you do exactly as I tell you,” he relented with a grin, “you might even save my bacon. The danger is that you might become alarmed for my safety, burst in on a confrontation, and distract my attention at a crucial moment.”

“I understand. And I promise to do exactly as you tell me,” Moira said humbly, wishing she had not been so eager to share the dangerous adventure with her soldier. If by some folly of mine I put his life in jeopardy—! It did not bear thinking of!

The soldier allowed her to consider the possibilities in silence. When they reached the Hassleton mansion, they were welcomed by Cousin Lili and Pomfret in committee. Although the butler did not question them, Lili did, and Pomfret stayed well within hearing distance while Mrs. Hassleton was brought up to date on the situation. Lili’s reaction was predictable.

“Of course you must not accompany the major, ma p’tite! He will have his hands full dealing with those scélérats, and would only be hampered by having to look after you as well!”

“If you think I am going to sit safely home while he goes into danger—!” the girl gritted.

Miraculously, the major seemed to feel she might be of real help. “This is not your ordinary battle, fought in the open field,” he said quietly. “We shall be creeping up upon the criminal in the dark, with stealth. We don’t really know how many of them there may be, or who they are. It is a matter for caution and guile—”

Lili’s eyebrows were almost to her hairline as she glanced from the major to Moira. “Caution and guile—from her?”

Sly grinned, but his eyes were steady and warm on the blushing girl. “I may have need of Moira’s quick wits and loyalty, before this battle is won,” he said slowly. “And she has promised to obey orders. I know it appears reckless beyond permission to you, but could you bear to let your cousin come with me? It means a good deal to us both. Sharing a campaign, as it were.” He seemed to be finding the explanation difficult. “A bond,” he added.

Lili’s eyes were sparkling. “You want her with you?” A slow smile twitched at her lips. “Quel hazard!” she breathed. “What an adventure! It stirs the blood . . . but we shall not tell Henry!” She turned to Pomfret. “What do you think? Should we let the girl go with him?”

Pomfret faced the major’s challenging gaze calmly. “I would say that Miss Lovelace will be safer with Major Norman until this situation is resolved than she would be with anyone else.”

He was rewarded by a nod of thanks from Sly and a glowing smile from Moira.

Lili shrugged fatalistically. “You are all mad,” she said, “I might as well accept it. Do you need another recruit?” and she chuckled.

Within a very short time Moira was clothed in a neat black woolen dress without any frills or furbelows to trouble her. A small black bonnet, part of her funeral costume, hid the bright hair; black gloves concealed her hands. The girl was comforted by the reminder of her dear parents. It was as though their love attended her, reinforcing, giving her strength for this desperate endeavor.

Lili and Pomfret saw them off quietly. The major stopped briefly at his own house. He did not let Moira accompany him inside, telling her firmly to hold the horse as he passed over the reins. Within a few minute he was back beside her, dressed as soberly as she was, and took the reins to drive the small hooded vehicle through the early-afternoon traffic.

“No one will be able to recognize us in this excellent little carriage,” Moira said happily.

“Cabriolet,” corrected her companion. “It is an old-fashioned vehicle, but it does offer concealment, being both hooded and undistinguished. Adonis and his ilk would never allow themselves to be seen in such a plebeian turnout.”

He is still sensitive to Adam Donat’s sneers, the girl thought. Her voice was serene as she replied, “It is a perfect carriage for our purpose. Who would think a hero and a battlemaid would ride into deadly danger in such a quiet little coach? A perfect disguise!”

“They will take us for the vicar and his wife,” agreed Sly casually.

Moira chuckled but did not pursue what was evidently a sore point with her soldier.





It was dusk by the time the major drew up in a country lane near a heavily wooded area. Removing the bars from a rustic gate, he drove the cabriolet into a field and then found a narrow cart track leading into the wood. Within minutes, they were advancing through virtual darkness. The major was silent, and Moira had no desire to interrupt his thoughts. After a slow and frustrating fifteen minutes, Moira discovered that the darkness in front of them was slightly less intense, and a few minutes more brought them in sight of an area marked by heaps of squared stone.

The ruins of which Mr. Beresford had told them!

Sly brought the cabriolet to a halt well within the shadow of the trees. He got out and led the tired horse back into the underbrush, turning him so that they could make a quick retreat if necessary. He placed a feed-bag over the horse’s head, and then looked up at Moira.

The girl had been sitting quietly while her soldier made the arrangements. He stared up at her with admiration.

“It is a good soldier who knows enough to keep quiet at the proper times,” he said. “I am going to scout out the ruins now, I have a pistol, which is loaded, in my belt, and a knife in my boot, for defense. I am hoping I shall not have to use either of them. I tell you this, Moira, so you will know that I can protect myself, and that I have the power to rescue any victim. The Runners, as you know, are already converging on this place. The fact that we can neither see nor hear them is evidence of their training and skill.”

He waited, but Moira made no comment. The man went on. “Do not be too alarmed if you hear a pistol shot. In such case, however, you will prepare our horse for a quick departure. Can you drive?”

“Yes,” said Moira. “I have driven gigs and carts often—”

“In South Littlefield,” finished Sly. “Thank God for your training in that excellent village!” He caught at her hand and brought it to his lips for a hard kiss. Then he stepped back from the cabriolet and vanished into the darkness of the wood. To rendezvous with the Runners, she hoped!

Moira sat very still, listening to the silence. After a moment she realized that it was not really silence. The night was filled with a number of very faint sounds. With relief the girl identified them: the noises of small animals, nesting birds, owls . . . sounds she had heard a thousand times in the village. . . .

Her tense muscles relaxed. She even smiled a little ruefully at her own image of herself fighting at the major’s shoulder, defending his back from treacherous attacks. What arrogance on her part! Her duty was to wait here, alert for his signal, ready to drive out the moment he returned. Carefully she got down and went to the horse’s head. He had finished his bait, and she removed the bag and stroked his neck gently. Then she returned to the cab and took up the reins, prepared to wait all night for her soldier if necessary.





The soldier moved silently through the night, seeking out shadowy cover as he approached the ruined chapel. There were other men somewhere near: he knew that with every battle-trained sense in his body. Some were allies, true; but there could be others, how many he did not know, who were hostile and ruthless.

He paused frequently in that stealthy advance, listening, peering, catching any scent that wafted through the quiet night. As he drew closer to the tumbled piles of stone, he caught a faint, deep droning resonance of men’s voices. The very fact that they were audible told the soldier that the enemy had not yet sensed his own approach. With a silent rush, he brought himself into the shadow of the largest pile of slabs, his cheek pressed close against its cold rough surface. The voices—one voice—came more clearly. There was a strange, wild note in it, a shrill threat that brought the hairs on the soldier’s neck up in a frisson of warning.

“I told you—no!” cried the speaker. “When I am ready, the letter shall be sent. Not before!” There was tension in the tones, and unbearable strain. The speaker, thought Sly grimly, was either mad or whipping himself into a fury—to do what? At least one other man spoke, and then there was another low, uneven beat-and-pause of deep voices, in argument or pleading.

The soldier swung around the pile of slabs and saw before him the dark tunnel in the earth that had once been a stairway leading down into the crypt. It was from this hole that the voices now sounded more clearly.

“I may decide to punish you myself! You are all guilty, all stained with greed and treachery and dishonor . . . you deserve to die!” The voice broke in a choking gasp; there was the sound of a struggle, and then the thud of feet racing up the broken stairway.

Waiting no longer, the soldier launched himself toward the body that was erupting into the night.

A pistol shot sounded from the depths of the crypt.



After she had waited for what seemed like hours, Moira was surprised to note that the scene before her—the broad meadow with its tumbled, scattered piles of stone blocks—was becoming more visible. Surely it could not be dawn already! She blinked, and then noticed the silver-white glow rising above the eastern horizon. The moon was up. Moira debated whether this was a bad or good development. The major would be able to see more clearly, but then so would his antagonist! She twitched the reins gently, and the horse lifted his head and cocked his ears.

And then Moira heard the shot . . . and rapid footsteps. . . . Someone was running in her direction through the wood and trying to be very quiet. . . .

Gripping the reins convulsively, Moira held her breath. Let it be Hilary! she prayed, and leaned forward to give the horse the command to go the instant the major swung into the cabriolet.





Chapter Twenty-Four



The footsteps abruptly halted.

Moira waited, hardly daring to breathe.

A large male body thrust itself up into the coach, pushing her backward.

“What the hell—!” snarled a voice she did not recognize. There was a tense moment as a hand came out and hit the firm round globes beneath the black wool bodice; hit, faltered—stroked. Then with a gasp, “Oh, I say! A thousand pardons, ma’am! I had no idea there was a lady . . . !”

“I’m waiting for my—husband,” Moira explained in as prosaic a voice as she could summon up.

There was a charged silence. Then, in a voice quick with both incredulity and amusement, the intruder said mockingly, “At midnight? In the middle of a forest? Pull the other one, sweetheart!”

Since Moira’s powers of invention had suddenly dried up, she remained silent.

The intruder heaved himself further into the cab, pushing Moira aside rudely to make room for his considerable bulk. “I am going to seek out the nearest constable. Would you have any idea where such might be found?”

“I do not believe you,” Moira was annoyed at his discourteous attitude and behavior. “But if you really intend to find an officer of the law, there are at least ten Bow Street Runners in this immediate vicinity, any one of whom would e pleased to listen to your—story.”

There was the sound of an indrawn breath. “Runners? Here?” and then, “Don’t gammon me! I intend to have the truth! Just who are you?”

At that moment, in time to save Moira from having to invent any more lies, there came very clearly through the night the sound of another shot, and a distant chorus of shouts.

“By God, you meant it!” breathed the intruder. “Are they at the hunting lodge?”

“Yes,” said Moira. Becoming a little confused in her efforts to get rid of the aggressive stranger, she said (loudly, so as to warn the major if he should be approaching), “You, sir, will stay here until you convince me you are on the side of the law.”

“Don’t tell me Bow Street is recruiting women!”

“I am not one of the Runners,” said Moira crossly.

“For a camp-follower, you seem to know a good deal of what is going on,” Sir John peered at the somberly clad female. Then he shrugged. “I may commander this grubby little vehicle to take me back to London. I’ve no desire to face Ado—my friend at the moment. He is convinced I betrayed him, and has threatened to kill me.” He laughed. “Oh, I may as well relieve your fears. I am Sir John Benedict, and have just succeeded in escaping from a demmed, stinking cellar. I was supposed to find help and get back there before he killed them both.” He laughed. “If the Runners have taken the fortress, I can be comfortable!”

Moira pushed at him fiercely. “Of course you cannot! What kind of a creature are you, to sit back doing nothing while your best friend is being murdered?” Then, as a hideous thought struck her, she gasped, “Or is it Adonis who is killing someone else?”

The brute had the discourtesy to laugh. “Oh, I don’t really think so! Adam’s got a devilish quick temper, but not enough venom to carry out a murder. Now, if we were speaking of that little weasel Vivian, I should not be so positive. He’s a coward, but he’s vicious, and hangs on like a leech to his grievances.”

“Are you saying Vivian is the one who carried out this—crime?”

“Of course not! What odd ideas you women get! Vivian’s badly hurt. He may be dead now, for all I know, or care. There hasn’t been a word out of him for hours.”

Moira had had enough. It was either succumb to hysteria or take violent action. Bending down, she unbuttoned one of her new shoes and, rising, hit the intruder hard on the head. Then, while he was shocked and in pain from the foul blow, she pushed him out of the cabriolet.

Benedict was cursing so loudly as he scrambled to his feet that he did not hear the rushing advance of the major. Hilary caught Sir John’s shoulder, swung him around, and hit him so hard on the jaw that the nobleman went staggering back into the underbrush.

The major was up into the cabriolet and had the girl in his arms before a thankful Moira cold control her emotions. “Are you safe, my darling? Did the brute hurt you?” he demanded.

“Oh, Hilary!” sobbed the girl. The word sounded so sweet on her tongue that she decided she would call him only by that name for the rest of their lives.

Her soldier laughed a little shakily. “I take it that means you are well,” he said, kissing her. “We were successful in our raid on the hunting lodge. The Runners are cleaning up there now. I could not wait to get back to you, to be sure you were safe. And then to find you tussling with some fellow—!” He shook her gently and kissed her again.

“Tussling!” protested Moira. “I hit him with my new walking boot and pushed him out of our cabriolet! He was telling me that Vivian was dying, but he doesn’t seem to be able to give a clear account of anything, except that his name is Benedict. You tell me, Hilary darling!”

Before the major could comply, a drawling voice sounded beside the coach. “So that’s your husband, ma’am? I should have expected it!”

“And just what is that supposed to mean?” demanded the major, putting Moira safely behind him as he faced the intruder with cold belligerence.

Benedict hastened to apologize. “Both of you have pretty short fuses—er—I mean that the lady matches her partner in skill at arms,” he explained. “I think I must consider myself fortunate to have escaped with only some bruises and a very sore head!”

The major accepted this handsome apology. “I have no doubt your recent ordeal in the crypt has rather put you off your pitch,” he said graciously. “And my wife is a very special little battlemaid.”

Benedict seemed to feel it was time he dropped that subject. He asked, “How went the battle? Was it you I ran into when I was breaking out of the crypt? I understand the Runners were with you?”

“We have the kidnapper under restraint,” said the major in a quiet voice. “And I mean that literally. He is quite out of his senses, and has been so for some time, I gather from his other victims. He’s kept you all tied up in that cellar, only giving you water but no food, while he decided—and I quote him—how to punish the evildoers.”

“I know that much,” agreed Sir John. “I was one of his demmed prisoners!”

“Along with Adam and Vivian Donat,” the major told Moira. “He had them all tied up in that stinking cellar.”

“But who? Who?” demanded Moira, sounding even to her own ears like a small owl.

The major grinned at her lovingly. “I believe the fellow’s name is Hightower,” he told her. “The marquess was in a fine fury when he found out who was at the bottom of the whole scheme. It seems Adam had already transferred Max Hightower’s estate back to him legally, but the poor fellow was too confused to understand.”

“Max had no need to get into such a pelter,” sneered Sir John. “Everyone in London agrees that Adonis is the softest touch in town!”

“As you, sir, have good reason to know!” snapped Moira, unwisely.

“If a man had spoken to me thus—!” hissed Sir John.

The major laughed. “Consider that I did,” he invited.

Sir John glared at him resentfully. “You know very well I cannot call you out.”

“Meaning that I am too plebeian to soil your sword on?” asked the soldier unpleasantly.

“Meaning I probably owe you my life,” grumbled the nobleman. “I heard that shot Max fired! It was your diversion at the head of the stairway that kept Hightower from following me out and gunning me down while I was trying to escape.”

“Don’t make me regret my generous action,” advised the major with a reluctant grin.

For a moment Sir John appeared thunderstruck at this reprisal. Then he laughed and held out his hand. The two men shook hands firmly, and the major gave Sir John his name and rank.

Moira could not endure any more of male rituals. “If someone does not tell me exactly how this all came about, I shall simply drive away and leave you both to your little tête-á-tête!”

“Better that than doing us an injury,” Benedict rubbed his head with a rueful grin. “Shall I tell her what I know?”

Before the major gave his consent, he mounted into the cab, pulled Moira close against him, and indicated that Sir John was to get in on the other side. “It will be a squeeze, but I must get Moira back to London before dawn.” When they were settled, he headed the horse back toward the highroad and nodded to Benedict.

“Tell on.”

It seemed that Max Hightower, never a stable man, had quite taken leave of his senses when he lost his family estate to Adam Donat. What with the mockery of his friends, the false condolences of his enemies, the outraged recriminations of his family, and his own chagrin, he had gone past the borders of reason into a world where it was proper for him to restore his lost fortunes by force. The strength of his emotions was understandable. Other gamesters, both male and female, had chosen to end their lives rather than face the results of their own poor judgment. So, drinking heavily and brooding over his folly, Max Hightower concocted a plan.

“He kidnapped me first,” said Sir John, “since I was universally known to be the marquess’s best friend. His plan was to hold me for ransom, exchanging me, in fact, for the wagered and lost estate.” He smiled wryly. “I managed to retain enough of my wits to talk the fellow out of that idea.”

“How did you mange that?” pressed Moira, plainly agog over the tale.

Sir John had the grace to look ashamed. “I persuaded Max that Vivian, as Adam’s heir, would be a much stronger bargaining piece.”

When there was no comment except a rather disapproving silence from his auditors, Benedict went on, “At that point my ploy went sour. Instead of releasing me, as I had expected, Hightower elected to keep us both. By this time I was urging him to write the note to Adam, demanding the return of Max’s estates for the two of us, but his mind was—too disturbed. He kidnapped Adam.”

Benedict shuddered. “Lying bound in that crypt . . . in the power of a madman . . . I cannot explain—! Hightower seemed to have forgotten his original scheme. He saw himself as the divinely appointed judge and custodian of all of us. Vivian cracked under the strain, and so constantly assaulted our ears with his complaints, accusations, and screams that Max struck him down to keep him quiet.”

Sir Jon drew in a ragged breath. “Vivian wasn’t dead, but Adam and I could see it might only be a matter of time. I had—had confessed to my part in the scheme—getting Vivian here in exchange for myself, and Adam of course was furious. I managed to get my hands loose and asked Adam to divert Max’s attention while I tried to escape and bring help. And the rest you know,” he concluded stiffly.

“They are taking all three—Vivian, Adam, and Max—to London right now,” the major reassured the horrified girl. “Vivian will receive the best of care—and so will Hightower, who seems to be sunk into a melancholy since the rescue of his victims.”

“Of course the fellow will receive only good treatment,” Sir John added sententiously. “No one bears him a grudge for his insane folly. He may even recover in time,” but his tone seemed to deny the possibility.

“He will recover faster if he is taken to his own home,” Moira suggested. “To see the beloved, familiar sights around him, to realize that his home is indeed restored to him, will be the most effective medicine.”

The major hugged her hard with his free arm, and Sir John said, “By Jove, you may be right!”

The major was fully occupied in piloting his small, crowded vehicle back to the London road in the dark, but he took time to glance admiringly down at his wise little comrade-at-arms. “She has a habit of being right,” he grinned—that white, flashing, predatory smile that thrilled Moira, as the man well knew! “She chose me!”

Her answering smile glowed back at him. There was one problem that still nagged at her: the matter of Nims’s death, but Moira decided to let well enough alone until she had her Hilary to herself.





At the point where the country land met the main highroad, the cabriolet was stopped by a pair of armed officers from Bow Street. Major Norman offered his credentials, but the Runners politely refused them, asking that the gentleman and his party remain until the rest of the company caught up with them. It was all perfectly civil; not even Sir John felt able to ignore the request.

It seemed like an age to the weary trio but was actually only about half an hour before two heavy military-looking wagons pulled up at the temporary post. The marquess, incredibly rumpled and dirty after his ordeal in the crypt, tumbled out of the second wagon and strode over to the cabriolet.

“I understand I have you to thank for this rescue, Major Norman, he began stiffly. “You and Miss Lovelace found the vital clue that made our recovery possible, I am informed.” And then, recognizing all three occupants of the small vehicle, his eyes opened wider. “Miss Lovelace! And John! Damn you, you traitor; what are you doing here, lolling at your ease? I told you to go for help!”

“I tried!” protested his friend. “Unfortunately, this lady was the occupant of the coach I had hoped to use. She hit me on the head with her boot.”

All the men stared at the blushing Moira.

“My battlemaid,” said the major, with ride and satisfaction.

The two noblemen regarded him with respect. And then Sir John made his third mistake of an unfortunate night.

“Your battlemaid, Major, I grant you that! But is this not the—ah—famous Miss Lovelace, of whom I have heard from Adam? I am sure it must be! Adonis’s adoring wet-nurse and pet aversion? Suspect in the attacks upon him? Surely she’s not your wife, Major?”

It was a close contest as to which of the outraged males would reach Benedict first. Adam was closest to his treacherous friend, and smarting at the ill-advised comments the fellow had babbled. The major, hampered by the fact that he was on the far side of the cab, and holding the reins, was delayed for a few crucial moments. By the time he had leaped to the ground and rounded the rear of the vehicle, Adam Donat had already done the job. Both men looked down at the limp, supine form, and the major said, “A neat facer!”

“He deserved it,” growled Adonis. “He told that madman to kidnap Vivian and me!”

The men turned to take their places in the cabriolet. Moira climbed down to stand over the fallen body.

“Isn’t someone going to pick him up? You cannot just leave him here, unconscious, in the middle of Surrey!”

“Oh, no!” groaned the Major, “not another rescue! My dearest idiot, I love you, but I will not have my future wife forever picking up wounded victims from the roadside! If you love me, you will get back into our cabriolet at once, and leave your detractor to the tender mercies of the local wildlife!”

“It would serve him right if that included tigers,” added the marquess, dourly. “Traitor!”

Several of the Runners had been silent and appreciative witnesses of the whole scene. At this point one of them, no doubt anxious to get the wounded men back to London, stepped forward with an indulgent smile for Miss.

“I’ll slip this one into the wagon and see him to London, if it will relieve the lady’s mind,” he offered.

“Thank you, officer,” the major said in the crispest of parade-ground tones. “And you, Lord Donat, will accompany your friend in that same wagon, to make sure he gets safely home. Is that understood, sir?”

Even a dolt could see the folly of defying the major when he was in the military mode. Adam, no dolt but ever irrepressible, sketched a mocking salute and strode off after the Runners who were carrying the still-unconscious Benedict.

Moira found herself abruptly boosted into the small, enclosed space by a pair of hands that held her in a grip of iron. She decided to withhold comment upon this indignity until her wonderful soldier had had time to master his fears for her safety. Or whatever was making him so arrogantly masculine. When he had resumed his position beside her, he took her into his arms with savage tenderness.

“I had intended to tell you—show you—how necessary I find your presence here beside me tonight, after the battle we have shared.” He kissed her, his passion gently tempered with concern for her weariness. “Sweetheart, you must be exhausted. It is time I got you safe home to Lili.” Raising his head from the sweetest lips he had ever known, the major settled his dear girl cozily against him, and started the drive to London.

“Go to sleep, my darling,” he said softly.





Epilogue



Three weeks later they were married in the old stone church in South Littlefield by a beaming Reverend Clarence. Lili and Henry graced the ceremony, and so did Mr. Samuel Beresford. The groom was splendid in his dress uniform. He had received an offer from Mr. Pitt to join his staff as adviser, which could not be refused, and was now confident he could support his new wife in a manner that pleased him mightily. While he waited for his bride to come to him, he slanted a look at Henry Hassleton, looking very self-satisfied in the front pew, friends of the bride side.

Henry had surprised even himself by the generosity of the dowry he had insisted upon providing for Moira. If it had not been for her, Henry reminded himself, he would never have had the idea of restoring the guildhall—a plan that was bringing him more rewards than even he had dared to hope for. Lost in dreams of Henry Hassleton, lord mayor of London, he was scarcely aware of where he was. Lili will look out for him, thought the bridegroom cheerfully. Just as I shall look after my dearest heart, my little battlemaid! the soldier vowed.



It was not until some days later that Moira remembered to ask her new husband how the spy Nims had met his death.

“Mr. Pitt told me that Nims had been discovered to be a double traitor, dealing with both Napoleon and Pitt, and betraying both. I learned that his death had something to do with those activities,” the major explained.

In the soldier’s memory sounded the quiet voice: “I am taking you off this business. C will handle the kill.” A detail he could not in honor reveal even to his wife.

“Which explains the turned coat,” she was agreeing. “But what had his letter addressed to Donat to do with the matter?”

“Probably nothing at all,” answered the major, nuzzling her throat. “Nims was greedy. The note was likely part of a blackmail scheme he was working on at the time of his death.” He raised his head and gave her a rueful glance. “Real life doesn’t always tie up all the ends neatly, my darling.”

He brought her close against his warm, hard body and kissed her. “Do we have to talk about him at this moment, sweetheart? On our honeymoon?”

He sounded so much like a charming boy that Moira’s foolish heart melted into honeyed warmth. “I can think of more pleasurable activities,” she admitted lovingly, stroking his strong, muscled chest with provocative fingertips. Oh, the joy of making free of this splendid male body—the comfort, the pleasure! From the beginning she had found it easy to be open—even daring—with this man; easy to laugh, to make absurd jokes. He would never reject her, never hurt her, never allow her to be hurt.

“I am the most fortunate woman in the world,” she said.

Hilary’s laugh was a shout of delight. “That is true, of course,” he said, his eyes alight with love and mischief. And then, complacently, he commanded, “Tell me more.”

His new wife looked at him with such love in her face that the man grew suddenly still.

“There is,” Moira quoted the Reverend Clarence, “a time to talk—and a time to love.”

“Oh, yes!” breathed the soldier, and took her into his arms.





A PLACE FOR ALFREDA





Elizabeth Chater





To a garland of delightful debutantes:

Jennifer Fait, Elisa Rizzo, and Vicky Vander Bruggen.





Table of Contents A Place for Alfreda

Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21





Prologue: 1800



LONDON





Alfred, Earl of Dorn, was drunk, angry—and anxious. Not because of the difficult labor his frail wife Penelope was at this very moment enduring, as she struggled to bear the son who would ensure her husband’s fortune. Certainly not for the comfort of the mistress whose importunate summons had brought him at this most inconvenient moment to the opulent little maisonette he had given her. Roughly shouldering his way past the sleepy servant who was opening the door for him, the earl strode through the hall and thrust his way into the overdecorated bedroom.

“There had better be a damned good reason for—” he began, and then froze. There were three people in the room. The earl glared at his mistress and the grinning man who was standing at the bedside. Carlotta, beautiful even at this moment, held out a lustily bawling infant for Dorn’s inspection.

“A healthy boy!” she crowed. “Has your lady-wife done as well by you, Dorn? Dr. Smith tells me she has been in labor for three days, and will likely die, and the child with her! What a pity you did not choose the mother of your heir with the same skill you use to pick your brood mares!” She motioned to the doctor. “Pour us all a drink, Smith! The earl will wish to offer a toast to his fine son—who is not his heir!”

“Why didn’t you tell me it was to be so soon? I hadn’t realized—!” stammered the earl, for once at a loss.

“How could I? You haven’t been next or nigh me for a month!” screeched Carlotta. “It’s widely known that Milord of Dorn isn’t interested in pregnant females—even his poor little dab of a wife!”

Under the stimulation of his mistress’s venom Lord Dorn regained his wits. “Jealous, my dear?” He smirked. “You know you are always—attractive— ” He eyed her buxom body insultingly. “The thing of it is, your—ah—curves are always so voluptuous that one couldn’t be sure . . .”

A lusty bawl from the red-faced, black-haired infant caught his attention. He stared down grimly at the child. His son. A healthy male. Whereas Penelope, if she survived, would probably present him with some wretched, puling brat—or, even worse, a girl! Frowning, he accepted the whiskey the doctor offered. As he drank, he considered the woman in the rumpled bed, and the raven-haired child in her arms. Already the germ of an idea was taking root in his mind. If his legitimate child were to die with its dying mother . . . all the Dorn males had red hair, but Penelope had a swarthy uncle. . . .

“Don’t you wish to hold your son, milord?” The doctor grinned over his whiskey. “He’s a fine lad, strong and lusty. Too bad he was born on the wrong side of the blanket! He would have put paid to your cousin’s hopes of inheriting the title!”

Did everyone in London know all his business? “My wife will bear a son!” he snarled at the gossip-monger.

The doctor looked at him, a hint of pity in the bleary gaze. “If you say so, milord,” he agreed. With a few words of advice to the mother, he made his adieux.

Carlotta laughed raucously, shifting the baby so it might feed at her swollen breast. It nuzzled greedily.

“So, my toplofty earl, you are forced to concede the victory to your prim-mouthed cousin? How he will enjoy telling his pious friends that it is his seed that will grace the earldom, and not that of the notorious rake, Lord Dorn! Can’t you just hear him prosing on that Virtue has triumphed?”

The earl’s intent glare moved from the grunting infant to the dark-eyed courtesan. Toast of the London opera season, Carlotta was no more Spanish than he was. But whatever her antecedents, she had borne a healthy child—a male child, who could rescue Alfred’s branch of the family from the encroachment of mealymouthed Benedict, his cousin and heir.

Alfred, Earl of Dorn, tightened his jaw.

“This is what we are going to do,” he said, in a deep, guttural voice that no one had ever heard from his throat before.





Chapter 1: 1818



When the stagecoach, buffeted by the worst storm in ten years, was forced to pull up for the night at a well-lighted, comfortable inn, every miserable passenger who had been cooped up in its freezing, musty interior for too many battering hours breathed a sigh of relief. The Pot O’Gold was a notable hostelry. The disgruntled, hungry, bone-weary travelers were able to hobble into its excellent common room and order a filling dinner with the firm expectation of finishing the meal before being rudely summoned to remount and jostle off again toward London. In fact, the coachman had informed them, he wasn’t moving outside into the weather until the storm passed. If any of them was in a hurry to get to Lunnon, they could bloody well walk!

The pretty little redhead in the old-fashioned black cloak and dowdy hat seated herself thankfully at one end of a long table. Ordering a frugal meal, she stared around her with interest. It was her first trip to the Metropolis, and she was eager to miss no detail of the experience. To say nothing of being free at last from the narrow confines of the remote small village to which she had been brought eighteen years before, and placed in the care of a middle-aged recluse named Mrs. Green.

Granny Green, as she was familiarly called behind her stiff back, had served as a governess in several Great Houses in her younger days. Her small cottage was most comfortably furnished, and although she was no spendthrift, she seemed able to command all the common comforts. Her most annoying fault was that she never discussed her business with anyone in the village. She made no effort to explain the sudden arrival of an infant girl, but the gossips soon discovered that a sum of money was delivered by post to the old woman every month. For the care and nurture of the child, of course, decided the gossips.

The girl’s name was Alfreda.

The older villagers disapproved of the whole transaction, and cast scurrilous doubts upon the child’s legitimacy. The rest of the inhabitants, warned off by Mrs. Green’s chilly aloofness, mostly ignored the coltish little girl as she grew up. The fact that she did not have to work for her living—Granny Green hired a village girl to clean and cook—as well as the even more annoying fact that her manners and speech, thanks-to Mrs. Green’s meticulous training, were far superior to those of any other young person in the village, did nothing to endear her to anyone, young or old. Her greatest fault, however, was felt to be that she proved to be a bookworm. Many times a villager returning from hard, honest labor came across the idle girl, seated under a tree or beside a hedge, her nose buried in a book. Alfreda was quite oblivious to dust, rain, the passage of time or the presence of other human beings.

On one such occasion, a trio of village lads was attracted to the girl’s mane of bright red hair, and moved in on her by unspoken consent, their faces alight with mischief. The girl’s first warning was a small stone dropped onto the pages of her book. She glanced up, to see a tight semicircle of big young males facing her. Before she could speak, one of the louts dropped a muddy clod after the stone. It splattered across the pages, obliterating the text.

Alfreda was up and attacking the vandals with the closed book before they had time to realize her intent. Not for nothing had she the fiery topknot Mrs. Green so disliked. And in spite of that elderly martinet’s constant instruction, it was fatally easy for the girl to succumb to the flare of temper that seemed to be a characteristic of her red hair. Shouting quite astonishing epithets as she belabored the hapless louts with her book, the girl even succeeded in getting in a few shrewd kicks on heir shins with her heavy boots. She routed them without a struggle.

Of course none of the wretches mentioned their defeat at the hands of the small termagant, but the impression filtered through the small village that the girl had better be left alone. Most of the villagers were only too willing to do. Alfreda was a mystery—neither fish nor flesh nor good red herring, as the saying went. Since she was surely illegitimate, the older women said, she had no business acting as though she were Somebody, putting on airs and graces! And the young women made fun of her flaming hair, while the youths were uncomfortable with her book-learning.

Even Mrs. Green, openly challenged as to her charge’s origin, merely sniffed and turned away from the impertinent questioner.

“She’ll come to no good end, that one,” prophesied the gossips, shaking censorious heads.

“I cannot think what Granny Green is about, to let the girl run wild like that,” fretted Mrs. Bowen, wife of the local landowner, to her sole crony, the wife of the minister. “It is not as though the old woman doesn’t know better! She’s served in some decent houses in her time, they say.”

Mrs. James offered her placating smile. “The girl is not actually wild, dear Mrs. Bowen,” she said with what she thought was Christian charity. “Just bookish.”

“Much good that will do her!” sniffed the squire’s lady. “No respectable woman would hire her to teach her children!”

Mindful of her position, Mrs. James still ventured an extenuating circumstance. “Surely bookish is better than—ah—”

“Man-hunting?” sneered Mrs. Bowen. “Give her time! With her background, I have no doubt we shall see that next!”

But the young Alfreda continued to bury her straight little nose in any book she could lay her hands on, although her preference was for novels dealing with the romantic adventures of beautiful maidens, so perhaps Mrs. Bowen had a point.

The death of Alfreda’s guardian changed the situation.

Less than a week after the sad event, while Alfreda was still grieving for the stiff old woman who had always treated her justly, if coolly, a letter of instruction came by post addressed to Miss Alfreda Green, ordering her to present herself at the Inns of Court in London, to learn what disposition was to be made of her person.

Dreamer and bookworm Alfreda might be, but the lofty, almost contemptuous tone of the missive awoke in her a hot flame of resentment. However, since the letter continued by announcing that the cottage in which Mrs. Green and Alfreda had lived was to be put up for sale immediately, the girl was forced to agree that she would be well-advised to accept the ticket enclosed, which provided passage to London by stagecoach. Once there, the letter continued, Miss Green would go at once to Ruston’s Hotel, where a room had been reserved for her on the date noted, and where, in due course, she would receive further instructions.

The letter concluded rather absurdly, “I have the honor to remain, Ma’am, your very obedient servant, Thomas S. North, Barrister.”

A wry smile twisted Alfreda’s lips. If that pompous man is anybody’s “obedient servant” I shall be much surprised, she thought. Still, with the cottage to be sold; and evidently no further monthly pension to arrive, there was little the girl could do but accept the ticket to London and follow the arrogant lawyer’s commands.

Thinking it only sensible, however, to consult with some authority before rushing off pell-mell into the Unknown, Alfreda asked for an interview with the squire. When she offered him the letter to read, Mr. Bowen, obviously uncomfortable in her presence, accepted the missive reluctantly and read it through slowly twice. Then he glanced at the girl suspiciously, and said in a harsh voice, “Very properly put! What is your problem? The fellow does enclose a ticket, and his arrangement seems more than generous—in the circumstances.”

The girl stared into the squire’s heavy countenance with a frown. “The circumstances? I am afraid I do not quite understand, sir. Why should Mrs. Green’s lawyer wish me to come to London? Do you think there might be a will? An inheritance? Oh!” Her expressive little face lighted up with a delightful smile. “I was wondering,” she confided, “what I might find to do to support myself, but if there is a will—”

“I referred to the . . . circumstances surrounding your birth and your arrival here in Little Weald. You were sent here as an infant, you know, and placed in the care of Mrs. Green. Did she never tell you? . . .”

The glow of delight on the small, eager face made the chit look almost attractive, thought the squire suddenly.

Alfreda was saying excitedly, “Do you think Mr. North intends to tell me about my parents? But that will be wonderful!”

The squire’s manner became at once more distant. “I must warn you that it will do you little or no good to know. If your father has not been willing to acknowledge you so far, it is most unlikely he will do so now.”

Before Alfreda could demand an explanation of this cryptic remark, the door to the study was flung open with more force than elegance. A frowning Mrs. Bowen swept into the room, her eyes darting suspiciously from her husband to the girl.

“What is this—this girl doing, closeted with you and all the servants aware of it!” she challenged.

“She is asking my advice about a letter she has received from a London lawyer,” snapped the squire, none too pleased to have his sharp-tongued wife interfering in man’s business.

This intelligence gave Mrs. Bowen pause, but not for long.

“Are you telling me that her father has finally decided to acknowledge her? Who is he?” Mrs. Bowen demanded.

Disgusted at female insensitivity, the squire handed the lawyer’s letter back to Alfreda and rose to his feet. “You would be wise to accept Barrister North’s instructions,” he advised the girl. Then, without a word or a glance at his pushy wife, Squire Bowen stomped out of his study, leaving it to the crass invader.

Ignoring the squire’s avidly curious wife, Alfreda hastened to follow his example.

Perhaps it was her own fault, the girl thought, but the fact was she had made no real friends in the village. There was no one to urge her to remain. No one, indeed, who cared whether she stayed or went. So, rather sadly packing her few belongings—most of them books given to her by Mrs. Green on birthdays and at Christmas—into an old-fashioned clothesbag with the best of her own and Granny’s garments to fill the spaces, Alfreda was ready to enter the stagecoach for London two days later.

She presented an odd little figure to the curious gaze of her fellow passengers. She was wearing Mrs. Green’s best cloak, a garment so hideously practical as to daunt the eye; and crowning her vibrant red hair was Mrs. Green’s Sunday bonnet, whose only virtue was that it had protected its owner from all weathers for at least twenty years. If the other passengers in the coach had been of good ton, Alfreda’s regalia would have driven them to disgust or to tears of mirth. As it was, she was considered to be a pretty enough little girl, although far too pale for the males’ hearty tastes, and as no threat to the other females.

The trip to London was a misery, plagued by bad weather and volubly complaining passengers. Today’s storm had come at a good time, however, since the coachman, resentful of the bored, whining travelers, had been springing his horses without regard for anyone’s comfort. Now there would be time to eat, refresh one’s self, and read, thought Alfreda contentedly.

When her plate was finally set down in front of her with a slam by a harried inn servant, the girl tucked into the savory food with real relish. Not for nothing was the Pot O’Gold Inn known to set the best table on the post road. Alfreda sighed her pleasure and settled in for a pleasant meal. Finishing all too quickly, she wiped lips and fingers with her handkerchief, opened her handbag, and took out the book she was currently reading. While it lacked the delicious emotion of her favorite romances, it offered a surprisingly satisfying challenge to a mind well-trained by the former governess in Great Houses. All around her in the crowded, noisy commons, travelers came and ate and departed. Oblivious to the bustle, the girl remained where she was, elbows propped on the table, head bent over the open volume.

A very large, very wet, and very annoyed young man, whose many-caped coat marked him as a Top-o’-the-Trees Whipster, entered the commons abruptly, seated himself opposite Alfreda, ordered a meal and a mug of mulled ale, and waited with barely concealed impatience to be served. While he waited, Mark Savage stared broodingly at his fellow diners, not really seeing them. His handsome countenance was marked with both anger and indecision.

Whatever had possessed him to take over Roger Dorn’s wager? Of course he did it to force Jeremy out of so unequal a contest, but would it serve? Roger was up to no good, and it was clear that young Jeremy was going to be goaded into accepting one of the bully’s challenges sooner or later. Mark set his jaw. It should be their father’s responsibility to guide his younger son into manhood, but that was too much to hope for. Sidney Savage, bitter recluse and hater of the whole human race, was no proper parent for his frail little gamecock of a son. Which left only big half brother Mark to prevent Jeremy from being baited into taking risks that would destroy him!

Mark had found himself stepping in time and again to take up the gauntlet. This time there had been unpleasant consequences. Had Jeremy, angry at his older brother’s high-handed preemption of his effort to play the man, deliberately loosened the pins holding on the wheel of Mark’s curricle? Surely it had been an accident? Could Jeremy actually resent his half brother’s protectiveness enough to wish to disable or even kill Mark? Losing a wheel at the speed the curricle had been going, the latter fate would have been a distinct possibility!

Mark sighed. He could catch up with the recalcitrant little Jeremy sooner or later, and demand an accounting. Or perhaps he should demand one from the bully Roger Dorn? That loose wheel might have been his doing, not Jeremy’s. It was comforting to believe that the rancor that had planned so ugly a trick came from their neighbor’s son rather than his own brother. Still, Roger at eighteen and Jeremy at fifteen were too old for such childish ploys, such stupid adolescent game-playing! As I am, groaned Mark silently, rubbing his bruised and aching arm, luckily the only memento of the accident.

His attention once more focused upon his immediate surroundings, he tried to catch the eye of one of the overburdened inn servants. Where was that ale?

He found himself staring at a dowdy hat, the top of which had been facing him ever since he had seated himself. Whatever could be wrong with the female? He noticed a thick book on the table, over which the woman was poring. A grin twitched at the corners of his well-cut lips. A bluestocking who frequented the Pot O’Gold? Had her vehicle, like his own, suffered a breakdown? Of a surety, she would hardly choose this noisy bustle for a quiet browse? Or had the poor old female fallen asleep? Would it be chivalrous to wake her before her doddering old head fell into her book? This picture so tickled his risibilties that Mark smothered a laugh.

Alfreda, aware of a low rumble of laughter, lifted her wide blue eyes to observe a large, dark, beautiful, grinning male staring across the table at her. All of Granny Green’s endless strictures rose in her memory.

Never smile at or in any way acknowledge the presence of a strange man. Never enter into conversation with such a person. In public places, keep your eyes lowered and your mouth closed. It is essential that you, Alfreda, without the protection of a family, be most circumspect.

So had advised Granny Green. But Alfreda, since the beginning of this ill-fated journey, had begun to wonder if the old woman had still been living in a world whose customs had long been abandoned. After all, this was 1818, not 1718! Besides, after Lawyer North, Squire Bowen, and the stagecoach driver, Alfreda was a little tired of arrogant males commanding, sneering, or laughing at her!

She confronted the rude creature with a look of lofty inquiry on her small, attractive countenance. “Are you in pain, sir?” she asked, too sweetly.

There was a sudden, startled expression on the handsome face across the table from her. And then a deep, curiously challenging voice responded, “Pain? No. Why should you think so?”

“The odd noises you were just making,” Alfreda explained with exaggerated kindness. Startled by this gambit, the big man laughed again.

“Yes. Those,” Alfreda explained with false compassion.

“Laughter,” explained her antagonist, his gray eyes sparkling with interest. “It is admittedly a convulsive sound which one produces when one experiences a feeling of amusement or—ah—derision—” The rogue grinned, waiting for her response to the provocation in that last word.

Amazingly, Alfreda found she, too, was enjoying the exchange. “Laughter? At what?” she riposted. And if he dares to say he is laughing at me, I shall—I shall hit him with my book!

Whether or not the man read the belligerence in Alfreda’s eyes, blazing like sapphires, he at least was aware of the vulgar attention a public quarrel would receive from their fellow diners. Regretfully, he curbed his unruly tongue and rendered a civil answer.

“I was recalling a jest I heard—last night,” he temporized smoothly.

Alfreda was still suspicious. “Indeed?” she said with blatant disbelief.

So the little witch was not going to let him get away with it! Pleased with the chance to vent some of his anger at Roger Dorn’s treacherous insolence, and Jeremy’s predictably stupid reactions to it, Mark settled down for a contest of wits—and wills. Who did this dowdy little female imagine she was, challenging a male who was also a stranger to her? What were women coming to? He answered her attack smoothly. “Indeed! Would you care to hear it?”

“Yes,” said the odd female unequivocally.

She doesn’t believe me, Mark mused. Most females of her sort would not have the nous—or the courage—to challenge a male of my order. Little redheaded devil! Halfway between annoyance at her intransigence and amusement at her spirit, the man tried frantically to recall a joke that would be funny enough to explain his laughter, yet respectably enough to relate in mixed society. No matter how deplorable her getup, the girl’s accent was impeccable and her behavior, while unusual for any well-bred young female, was not that of a servant or tradesperson. Yet if gently bred, he thought warily, what the devil was she doing in that deplorable outfit, sitting in the common room of a public inn, reading . . . what the deuce had the chit been reading? To gain time to plan his next move, Mark thrust a long arm across the table, picked up the girl’s book, and uttered a sound of disbelief.

“Aristotle? Nichomachean Ethics? What on earth is a girl of your sort doing with such a treatise?” he demanded with more interest than good manners.

A girl of your sort—! It was the last straw. “Just what sort of girl do you think I am?” snapped Alfreda in a fine fury. The louts in the village would have taken apprehensive note of her flashing eyes that seemed almost to be emitting sparks, and the bright red hair curling with a life of its own; taken note and backed off. Mark Savage did not have their special knowledge. As startled as though he had suddenly unveiled a Medusa, Mark still could not resist the challenge. It had been a vile, enraging day.

Alfreda for her part was ready to explode. She glared at the insulting wretch in his fancy greatcoat. Whipster, indeed! What would a “man of his sort” know about Aristotle? Men were arrogant, closed-minded tyrants! First the high-handed lawyer with his false claim to be her obedient servant; then the squire with his ugly, heavy-handed hints and callous dismissal; and now this insufferable dandy with his odious, mocking condescension! It was too much!

“Perhaps if you studied the treatise yourself, you might benefit, sirrah! she snapped.

Mark’s heavy dark eyebrows drew down; cold gray eyes dueled with flashing blue ones across the table, to the rising interest of everyone else around the long board. It was time, decided the man, and past time, to call the impudent little chit’s bluff! He waved her book tauntingly in front of the girl’s nose.

“And just what, Miss Bluestocking, does the learned Aristotle have to say that might benefit me? If, or course, you have understood even one word in ten of the work—which I have leave to doubt!” He waved the book in view of the other diners.

The ruffle of laughter and comments that this barb brought from the listeners around the table were all that was needed to unleash Alfreda’s fury. She bent forward and snatched the book out of the barbarian’s hands. “It is, sir, a discussion of Happiness as the goal of life, which is achieved only through contemplating philosophic truth. It is the result, claims Aristotle, of the exercise of—and I quote!—‘man’s peculiar virtue, the rational principle.’ Rational! It is clear that Aristotle did not know you, sir!”

To the horror of both combatants, this thrust was followed by a rough cheer and laughter. Recalled too late to an awareness of the public nature of their argument, Mark tried to lighten the moment by calling for ale all around the table. This great-hearted gesture was received with almost universal approval, and the serving maids went scurrying to fill such a noble request.

Alfreda glared at the hateful, smirking creature. She had been so angry that she had not stopped to consider the impropriety of her behavior, but had acted under the goad of the complacent, self-righteous male. She sat down again, book in her lap, cheeks scarlet, and lifted her mug of milk with trembling fingers.

The brute across the table remained standing, grinning at her as he waited for the fresh ale. When the little servant reached him with the laden tray, he took two mugs from her and indicated the rest of his fellow diners with a lavish gesture. Then he held up one mug, calling to the curious, laughing crowd around the table.

“A toast, milords and ladies!” He mocked the formal invitation to honor a special guest. “To our little bluestocking!” Gesturing toward her dowdy hat, he continued, “We can only hope her knowledge of the Classics is better than her alamodality!” Leaning forward, he offered the furious girl the second mug of ale.

Her tight smile and narrowed eyes should have warned him. Alfreda rose both literally and figuratively to the occasion. Clasping her book in one hand, she accepted the ale and raised the mug in salute to her tormentor, offering a toast of her own.

“To the self-proclaimed Top-o’-the-Trees Whipster,” she said with a telling glance at his plethora of modish, short shoulder capes. We can only hope that his skill with his horses is even half as great as his alamodality!”

And she flung the contents of her mug into the grinning creature’s face.

Then, while the enraged dandy was wiping his face, she turned and ran from the room to the accompaniment of raucous cheers and laughter. Under cover of the uproar, Alfreda made her way to a group of fellow travelers milling about in the broad entrance hall, who were bargaining with the innkeeper for a place to spend the night.

Her low-voiced question to one elderly female as to the possible time of their departure brought little comfort. Their stagecoach driver had already retired to the loft above the stables, with the announcement that he would be leaving the Pot O’Gold at six am, whether his passengers were ready or not.

Grimly, Alfreda considered her limited resources. There had been no money included with the stagecoach ticket. It seemed obvious to Alfreda that the arrogant lawyer had no concern for the comfort of a nonentity like herself. Or perhaps he dwelt in so lofty a realm that the notion of anyone’s being almost penniless had not occurred to him. True, she did have a pound or two, thanks to Mrs. Green’s careful husbandry. Was it enough to get a room for the night? Judging from the sounds in the common room, she might expect a rude reckoning with the irate Whipster!

She pushed forward to speak to the innkeeper. It seemed she might have a cot if she was willing to share a room with two other ladies. The fee required was quite within her means. The girl assented gladly, and locating her clothesbag against the wall, she picked it up and hurried after the two elderly ladies who were marching up the shadowy stairs after a servant.

She did not cast another look in the direction of the noisy common room. If that bully could see me scuttling away, eager to avoid another bout, he would chuckle, she told herself, but a naughty smile tugged at her lips as she envisioned his wet face, startled open mouth, and the dripping of ale. That she thought righteously, should teach him! It was Alfreda’s devout wish that she might never have to encounter that handsome, sneering and no doubt famous male ever again.

For the following morning, at least, she got her wish. A tired, subdued group of passengers mounted into the coach in the dawn, hardly prepared by an adequate breakfast to endure the rest of the journey to London. Perhaps it was as well for the exhausted Alfreda that she found a comfortable room reserved for her at Ruston’s Hotel, and a knowledgeable attendant at the desk who took one look at her pale, weary little face under the hideous bonnet and gave its owner hastily to the kind ministrations of an elderly chambermaid.





Chapter 2



Alfreda refused the doorman’s offer to call her a hackney cab the following morning. Striding proudly down the street, conscious of his disapproving stare, she told herself that she needed the exercise and the time to pull herself together for the meeting with the lawyer. She had asked an equally disapproving desk clerk the shortest way to walk to the Inns of Court, so she had a vague idea of the direction and distance of her goal. She would use the walk to firm up her resolve . . .

Alfreda sighed and shook her head. Why try to deceive herself? She dreaded the revelation that Lawyer Thomas S. North was about to make to her. It would not be pleasant hearing, for it would destroy forever the hopes she long had nourished, of someday finding a loving parent from whom she had been stolen by gypsies as an infant. A mother, warm and wise and kind! What if the cruel father, uncaring, had made no effort to find his lost child? The girl had comforted herself with this thought during many a lonely night when, anguished by callous treatment from Mrs. Green, she lay crying quietly in her hard, narrow cot. There was still the comforting dream of warm arms, a gentle smile—love. Yet within minutes the dream might be forever shattered, the loneliness final! Little wonder Alfreda’s footsteps lagged!

As she walked slowly toward Lincoln’s Inn Fields, Alfreda noticed a row of delightful single houses, some charmingly antique in appearance. Pausing as much to enjoy the classic facades as to delay her moment of truth in the lawyer’s office, Alfreda observed an elderly lady coming down the front steps of one of the houses at a dangerous speed. In one quick glance the girl was aware of a hat almost as dowdy as her own, a wrinkled black surcoat—and a pair of wildly waving arms as the elderly female missed her footing and slid awkwardly to the street.

Instinctively Alfreda was running forward even as the old woman fell. She was not quick enough to catch her, but she did break the full force of the fall.

“Are you hurt?” she demanded of the winded, angry-looking woman. Alfreda glanced up at the front doorway of the handsome building. “Shall I call someone to help you?”

“No!” snapped the woman sharply. “D’you think I want them to see what a fool I’ve made of myself?”

Judging by her costume that the old woman was a servant in the elegant house, and by her accent that she was an upper servant, perhaps even the housekeeper, Alfreda forbore to urge an embarrassing exposure. Gently she brushed off the unfashionable garments, while she scanned the wrinkled face for signs of pain.

“What may I do to help you?” she asked softly.

“You can get me away from here before someone sees what’s happened.” The voice was still ungracious, but there was something in the old face that compelled Alfreda’s pity and concern.

“Lean on me, ma’am,” she said. “If you can walk, I’ll help you to wherever you wish to go. . . . ”

The shrewd old eyes scanned the young face bent over her. “Why should you?” challenged the Dowager Duchess of Calthorp. “Why not just call me a hackney?”

Alfreda grinned down at the old-fashioned, almost threadbare garb of her companion. “Are you sure you have the blunt?” she teased, using a term employed by the village lads. “I must advise you that, as your rescuer, I have not!”

A reluctant smile brightened the weary old face. “A jokester, I perceive,” she retorted, but the angry bite had gone out of her tone. “Well, I have the blunt, you saucy little miss, so you may help me, quickly, to the corner, where we shall find a hack to take me to my destination.”

Alfreda put her strong young arm around the thin waist of the older woman, and firmly assisted her toward the corner.

“Do they know you are out?” she asked gently.

The old woman frowned up at her. Finally she decided to answer. Perhaps something in the girl who was helping her so pleasantly touched a heart long toughened by pain of loss and constant anguish.

“No, no one in the household knows I am going on a special errand today,” she admitted. “And it is important that no one should hear of it until . . . until the problem is resolved.”

Alfreda’s heart was touched by the desolation in the older woman’s voice. “Let me go with you,” she urged. At the sudden, sharp glance she received, she said quietly, “I promise not to pry! Indeed, ma’am, I know what it is to have a secret one cannot share with another soul!” At the quizzical, faintly mistrustful challenge in the old woman’s expression, Alfreda confided quietly, “I am in search of my parentage, Ma’am. I am eighteen years old, and do not know—have never met—either of my parents.”

The old woman took a deep breath. Her faded blue eyes were hard upon the vulnerable countenance above her.

“You tell a strange tale, girl! Just how do you expect to discover your . . . parentage?”

In for a penny, in for a pound, thought Alfreda. Surely it would not hurt to confide in this poor, elderly female who seemed to have a problem as heavy and painful as her own? The girl recalled another of Mrs. Green’s pity sayings: Misery loves company.

“I have received a letter from a . . . barrister called Thomas North,” she began hesitantly. Then, gathering courage, she continued. “He tells me he is going to explain my situation and tell me—ah—‘what disposition is to be made of my person.’ and I quote,” she ended with a small, gallant smile.

The older woman hissed in a breath. “Thomas North, you say? Are you lying to me, girl?”

Alfreda drew back. They had reached the corner, and by good fortune there was a neat hackney coach waiting for a fare. “I do not lie, ma’am,” Alfreda said coolly. “And there is your hack. I wish you safe journey.”

“Wait!” demanded the old woman imperiously.

But the girl was already striding away towards the Inns of Court.





Chapter 3



Twenty minutes later, confused but not defeated by the intricacies of the Inns of Court, Alfreda presented herself at the offices—called, she was told firmly by the male clerk, the chambers—of Thomas S. North, Barrister, and Son. She was asked to wait.

“There had better be some sort of inheritance,” she told herself darkly. “Otherwise Miss Alfreda Green will find herself in Dun Territory!”

In spite of this foreboding thought, she found herself smiling. Elation began to well up in her breast like a small fountain, bubbling and effervescent. I am in London, that great, exciting Metropolis! I have actually walked through streets that have seen History; triumph and despair; hatred; grief; betrayal; rejoicing! Alfreda’s eyes began to sparkle like jewels. Hands childishly clasped at her breast, she looked out of the grimy windows, afraid to miss a single moment of the experience. And then she stared around at her immediate surroundings. Lawyer North’s chambers were no disappointment. Although a bit musty for her country-trained senses, there was no doubt of their richness: oak and leather furnishings, a neat, clean carpet, several framed documents. The large, book-crowded room reeked of age and respectability, and money! Alfreda chuckled at the concept.

“Our offices amuse you?” challenged a cool, hard voice. A man reached out an arm to steady her startled movement.

The girl looked up into a classically, handsome male countenance with as much warmth in it as a Grecian statue’s.

“You must be my ‘very obedient servant, Thomas S. North,’ ” she quoted, with what the young lawyer had to admit was admirable aplomb, considering the situation.

Satisfied that she had regained her equilibrium, he released her and stood back two correct paces. “I am T. Samuel North.” He corrected her in that cool voice which denied any claim she might urge upon him. “It was a letter from my father than summoned you to this conference,” he continued, turning away and walking toward an open doorway. “If you will accompany me to his chambers, ma’am?”

Alfreda followed him past several young men who appeared to be very hard at work at raised desks. No eyes were raised.

Then, in a tone so low and discreet that Alfreda almost missed it, the young lawyer said, “The term ‘your very obedient servant,’ or its alternate ‘your humble servant,’ are not to be taken seriously, Miss Green. They are merely the courtesies of the profession. Like ‘madam.’ ”

“That puts me in my place,” commented Alfreda, equally sotto voce. And felt well repaid by the slight stiffening of the obnoxious creature’s shoulders.

If the young lawyer wished to retaliate in kind, he was unable to do so, for at that very moment they entered the office of the senior member of the firm. Thomas North rose to his feet to welcome his new client, and a real welcome it was. At first glance the girl decided that she liked this charming little man. His top-lofty son must resemble his mama, thought Alfreda. Thomas had brown, twinkling eyes surrounded by a network of lines which announced that he, for one, was capable of warmth and laughter. Alfreda loved him on sight.

“Pray be seated, my dear,” said the gnome, gesturing to his son to mind his manners and draw up a chair for the client. “I am sure you must be very curious as to our purpose in summoning you to this meeting.”

“I was happy to come,” said Alfreda simply.

Giving her a nod of approval, the senior North went on.

“I suppose I should ask you, first, if Mrs. Green ever discussed your parentage with you?”

Frowning at his parent’s lack of discretion, Samuel North rose from his chair and stalked to the door, making sure it was tightly closed. Then he returned and took up his former position, where he was able to observe the expressions on the faces of both his father and their client. Snoop, thought Alfreda, and kept her gaze fixed on the older man.

“No,” she answered Thomas’s question, “Granny Green was what the villagers called closemouthed. The minister’s wife complained that Mrs. Green didn’t even pray out loud! Granny said she was pretty sure the Lord heard her, and it was nobody’s business.”

Smothering a delighted smile, the senior partner clasped his hands on the desk. “Has anyone mentioned your parents to you? Given you any hints?”

Alfreda searched her memory. Aside from a few taunting remarks from girls and boys her own age, which she had never bothered to listen to, there had been nothing—no, wait! “Squire Bowen told me that your arrangements for my visit to London were ‘more than generous—in the circumstances.’ The first thought that came to my mind was that there might be a will . . . that Granny might have left me something—even some information about my parents. I presume I did have some,” she finished, with a minatory glance at the arrogant young lawyer. “Unless you are implying that I sprang, full-armed, from the brow of Jove?”

Alfreda had the satisfaction of observing a dull flush warming Samuel’s cheeks, while his father chuckled his appreciation. “I see that Mrs. Green gave you the benefit of her splendid training in the Classics,” he commented, and then, more soberly, “It is just as well, my dear. We have a . . . rather difficult problem to face.” All traces of laughter faded as he watched his young client steadily. “My son and I have discussed this matter at length. We have considered the rule of confidentiality: that is, our duty to our noble client; as opposed to our obligation to make sure justice is served: that is, our duty to you, a victim of our client. We agreed that we must tell you the true facts of your birth and heritage.” Frowning, he regarded the girl. “Frankly, now that I have met you, the truth is irrefutable. Do you not think so, Samuel?”

The younger man ran his eyes over the glory of reddish-gold hair that was, as usual, escaping from beneath Mrs. Green’s dowdy black hat. “It’s the Dorn hair,” he admitted.

“And the . . . eyes?” prodded his father.

Samuel stared into the wide, deep blue eyes that were raised in challenge to his with almost painful intensity.

“Dorn has brown eyes,” he said slowly.

His father nodded once, as though satisfied by a moot point of law. “Could it be possible she has her mother’s eyes?” It wasn’t a challenge, merely a suggestion, but young North’s eyebrows lifted sharply. “You don’t mean—you can’t be saying . . . ?”

“I am saying it. But you must not, until we have done further research. And now, I think it is time we told Miss Alfreda what we know about her parentage.”

Alfreda took a deep breath and clasped her hands tightly in her lap. She would not beg, or cry, no matter what the next few minutes brought.

There was to be another delay. Young North had turned to his father almost in protest. “I admit I recognize the eyes,” he agreed morosely. “But you know the hazards if she tries to—”

Alfreda had had enough of this pompous objector.

“Squire Bowen told me I had been sent to Little Weald as an infant. He hinted that there had been suspicious circumstances related to my birth. It occurred to me that I might have been born”—she searched for the acceptable term—“out of wedlock. Is that what you are trying to tell me?” Her small chin lifted proudly. “If that is so, then I shall—”

Moved by the pain in that small, sweet face, the elder North interrupted. “The truth is that your father, to prevent a hated cousin from inheriting his title and fortune, substituted a male child for you, his legitimate daughter, and sent you off into the care of his own former governess. He told her that you were a—his—by-blow, and that he was most generously providing for you in this manner. The rather lavish allowance was to be made to Mrs. Green as long as she kept you safely out of his way. To avoid a scandal, of course. Mrs. Green had no reason to suspect him of lying.”

Alfreda was no fool. “But you did,” she said shrewdly.

Lawyer Thomas pursed his lips. “Let me just say that such long-term generosity to an illegitimate daughter was not in accord with what we knew of the client’s behavior. And since our firm was paying the allowance, I was of course involved.” His lips pursed censoriously. “A few years ago,” he continued, “after a particularly nasty incident in which our client lost an incredible sum of money in one night’s gaming, and had to come to us for an advance upon the next year’s rents, we, that is, I suggested that he end the drain of the monthly payments he was making to his, as we had been told, illegitimate daughter.”

Alfreda’s accusing glance at young Samuel clearly announced which of them she thought had had that idea.

Thomas North was continuing. “We also advised selling two bijou maisonettes, and returning the latest purchase of diamonds he had just made for his current—ah—friends.”

“A sensible retrenchment plan,” added Samuel firmly. It was becoming rather important to him that his little red-haired female regard him favorably.

“At first,” continued Thomas as though his son had not spoken, “our client resisted our suggestions with a fervor I can only describe as suspicious. And then with a guilty look, he agreed to sell one house and the diamonds, but not to evict the other—ah—tenant, or cut off the payments to Mrs. Green. He made a comment that had us both puzzled. He said something about ‘Alfreda’s’ being well-enough settled in her rustic paradise by now, probably married to some country bumpkin and getting more redheaded brats to enlarge his line. And he laughed.” The lawyer cleared his throat, suddenly aware of the shocked understanding in the girl’s face. “You must understand that your father had had more liquor than was safe or sensible for a man endeavoring to conduct a business meeting. Our client was, I am afraid, a little under the influence of alcohol at the time,” he said, in an effort to excuse the crudity.

“Your client is always a little under the influence,” commented Samuel icily, “except when he is a lot under it.”

Thomas ignored his son. “We began to feel considerable concern at this point. True, Lord Dorn was our client, and there are rules of confidentiality. But there is also justice, and his attitude led us to suspect that a fraud was being perpetrated upon the true heir—Lord Dorn’s cousin. We had a few disturbing facts.” He held up one wrinkled hand to enumerate his points. “There was the name Alfreda; Dorn’s name is Alfred. There was his eighteen years of concern over one illegitimate child—truly unusual behavior for our client.” Too late the old lawyer caught the look of pain that Alfreda could not hide. He frowned and apologized.

“Forgive me, child! I am as insensitive and cruel as your wretched father,” he said remorsefully.

Alfreda set her shoulders and held her head up. “I should like to know all the facts, if you please. Then I shall be able to decide what is best to do,” she said quietly.

Both lawyers looked at her with respect. “Our investigation has revealed that you are the child of one Penelope, Lady Dorn, who died at your birth. Your father, Alfred, Lord Dorn, apparently passed off the male child of—of another woman as his lawful son and heir,” began the older man.

“Thus insuring the succession,” added Samuel gloomily. It was plain that this hugger-mugger was distasteful to his neatly conventional mind.

“Is all this really any more than wild surmise?” demanded the girl belligerently, holding anger like a shield against the tearing grief of so dreadful a rejection.

Thomas North seemed to understand and respect her pain.

“Yes, Lady Alfreda, we, have been quietly but-thoroughly investigating the matter for a couple of years. You may take it for granted that we have adequate documentation to prove your claim to be the legitimate daughter of Alfred, Earl of Dorn.”

White of face, blue eyes blazing, Alfreda said proudly, “I would not choose to be known as the daughter of such a man.”

“There is more to it than pride, however admirable,” commented the hateful Samuel. “There is the small matter of maintaining yourself with reasonable dignity and comfort for the rest of your life—”

“I shall earn my own living,” declared Alfreda proudly. “It is not my wish to destroy a father, even though he rejected me! And I refuse to accept charity from a man who refused to acknowledge me until forced to do so.”

“You have it incorrectly,” said Samuel North heavily. “Your father has not acknowledged you. He does not know we have ferreted out the true state of events. We decided not to release the results of our search, nor will we, until you, the victim, have been apprised of the situation, and made an unemotional, fully informed decision.”

Frowning heavily, his father interrupted. “Milady, there are some unpleasant possibilities to consider. How, for instance, will the earl take it when he discovers that his elaborate scheme for doing his cousin Benedict Dorn out of the title and estate is in peril of public disclosure? The scandal will be horrendous, of course. But beyond that . . . have you thought of . . . your own safety?”

The gaze Alfreda turned upon the elderly lawyer was wide with shock. “Are you suggesting that the earl would harm his own child?”

The senior North peered at the girl anxiously. “I believe we must consider the possibility,” he admitted. “Dorn has a—colorful reputation.”

“He could have had me killed eighteen years ago,” she said stolidly. “Or thrown into the streets. Instead he gave me protection of a sort.”

“That was eighteen years ago,” interjected young North, grimly. “He is old now, and dissolute beyond recovery; to say nothing of the debts that increasingly harass him. If this scandal comes out, he will be utterly ruined in London—he will have to flee to the Continent or the New World to escape his implacable creditors. If he can get away.”

Alfreda made her decision. “I order you not to tell him,” she said firmly. “I have no wish to be linked in any way with such a villain.”

“What will you do?” pressed the older man. “He has ordered the monthly allowance to be stopped.”

“I shall make my own way in life!” replied the girl with touching pride.

“There is one other factor as we have not yet mentioned,” said Thomas North quietly. “Your maternal grandmother. Lady Dorn’s mother.”

“The dowager duchess is very old,” added young Samuel sternly. “It is said she never recovered from the grief of her only daughter’s death in childbirth. Perhaps you owe her the courtesy of knowing she has a grandchild.”

Alfreda was wary of that sentimental trap. “If I so closely resemble the man who so viciously robbed her of her granddaughter, would I not be more of an agony to her than a comfort?” she challenged.

It was the old lawyer who answered her. “If I were your grandmama, child, I should thank God for the chance to welcome so pretty and spirited a grandchild.”

“Her only son, the duke, was killed on the hunting field two years ago,” added Samuel. “Your mother died at your birth. Although she could be a leader of London society, the dowager is a lonely recluse. The present duke is the grandson of her husband’s brother. He is a cold, rigid man who disapproves of your father’s family, and would not welcome a . . .”

“A questionable connection,” supplied the girl. “I quite see his point.” She stared at the two lawyers. The decision was hers alone to make, and she truly wished no part of a scandalous quarrel with her unfeeling parent. And yet—! To know her grandmother! Someone of her very own . . . family! There had never been family, only the callous ignoring of her peers, the scornful disapproval of the older villagers, the cold, reserved, and unloving relationship with Mrs. Green, who was doing her duty for the monthly remittance.

Drawing a deep, trembling breath, Alfreda nodded firmly.

“I should like to meet my grandmama,” she said.

The old lawyer, beaming widely, rose and took her hand. He escorted her into a small anteroom next to his own office.

And presented her to an elderly, rumpled, dowdy woman whose faded blue eyes caught her own glance eagerly; caught and held it—and warmed into incredulous joy.

“I have to thank you for seeing me into my hackney,” said the Dowager Duchess of Calthorp, “Granddaughter!” She turned to the grinning Thomas North. “And you for inviting me to this meeting, sir. I shall never cease to be grateful.”

Then she fixed her avid gaze upon the vulnerable, hopeful countenance of the young girl.

“Do you . . . do you believe I am your granddaughter?” breathed the girl.

Instead of a direct answer, the dowager asked, “Is your name Penelope, by any chance?”

“No, Your Grace,” answered the girl, “It is Alfreda.”

“Well, at least that wretched father of yours had the decency to give you one of his names! I shall call you Freddi!”

She held out her arms with the warmest smile anyone had ever seen on her lips.

Alfreda ran to embrace her with a little cry of love and longing. For a moment the two women clung, murmuring words of welcome and promises. Then the dowager lifted her head and noticed the stunned expression on young Samuel’s face. She cocked a quizzical eyebrow.

“Aside from that pretty red hair under that deplorable bonnet, Freddi looks exactly like my poor Penelope! The same sweet mouth! The identical saucy little nose! And those deep, lovely blue eyes! It is to be hoped,” she added for Alfreda’s benefit, “that you have more strength of character than your mama ever exhibited, child! What a ninny she was to let that rakehell bamboozle her!” She wiped a tear from her eye.

“You—accept Lady Alfreda as your granddaughter?” stammered the young lawyer.

“Who could deny it, with the evidence of both parents flaunting itself so clearly in the child’s face and hair?” She hugged the trembling girl close. “I’ve been waiting for you, Freddi,” she said softly. “I never could accept that hulking brute as Penelope’s son, no matter how proudly Dorn flaunted him. Somehow, I think I knew you were out there somewhere. I thank God for you.”

Alfreda felt as though she might faint at any moment. She clung almost desperately to the tiny, rumpled figure, and found herself pressing a shy kiss on the wrinkled cheek. “Mrs. Green kept me safe for you,” she whispered, so shaken with gratitude and relief and love for this wonderful, little old woman who had waited and hoped to meet her and claim her, that she had to hold the embrace just a moment longer. Then, as much to lighten her own emotions as to ease the older woman’s tension, she added provocatively, “But there is one thing. . . .”

“What?” demanded both lawyers and the dowager with one voice.

“I’m afraid Mrs. Green turned me into a bookworm.”

“Don’t tell me you are a bluestocking as well as a beauty?” exulted the dowager. Her delight in this charming grandchild was obvious. “What a sensation we shall cause in the ton, Freddi!”

“Are you sure you want me, Grandmama?” Alfreda asked. “I won’t be too much a reminder of my father, and what he did to you?”

“I shall take great pleasure in sponsoring my darling granddaughter into the beau monde,” said the dowager, with a militant light in her fine eyes. “That should give the wretched man and his loutish son something to worry about!

“At this injudicious statement, the elder North, who had been beaming foolishly at the sentimental scene, was compelled to issue a warning. “Such a course of action is fraught with danger, ma’am, he said repressively. “I must admit I am more than a little concerned over the possible results of an announcement that Lady Amelia Calthorp has a granddaughter the same age as Lord Dorn’s son—one, moreover, who resembles the Dorns more closely than does the swarthy Roger.”

Lady Amelia was no mooncalf. “A granddaughter who also is the image of Penelope Dorn,” she said, all amusement gone from her expression. “I see your point, Mr. North. The earl is not a man to accept such a major threat without attempting retaliation.” Her wise old eyes met the lawyer’s concerned gaze in agreement.

Alfreda was alarmed at the turn the conversation had taken. “If there is any chance that—that creature—would attempt to harm you, Grandmama . . .” she began, and then paused to relish the sound of that title, smiling softly.

Lady Amelia’s glance met the lawyer’s again, and a silent compact was made between them. Protect the child. She has had enough pain.

“Alfred Dorn wouldn’t dare!” the dowager spoke forcefully. “Mr. North, you and your son have my deepest gratitude for your integrity in this matter. I know that you will do whatever is necessary to establish my granddaughter’s legitimacy, and I agree that caution must be our chief concern. Is there a chance that we can make all secure before the earl learns of our purpose?” Thomas North considered the problem, frowning.

“Not if you flaunt a beautiful, hitherto unknown granddaughter in the beau monde. I doubt that very much can remain secret in that arena of gabblemongers! Need I remind you, Your Grace, that we are dealing with a desperate—a ruthless man? He has everything to lose—wealth, position, honor—”

“Honor?” scorned the old woman.

“Reputation, then,” insisted Thomas. “Believe me, ma’am, Dorn will not accept this situation graciously!”

“Then I shall simply disappear,” announced Alfreda quietly.

“No!” Not one voice but three objected loudly to that decision.

Clinging grimly to the small, fine-boned hand clasped in hers, Alfreda held to her resolve. “I can get a room somewhere near you.” She smiled at her grandmother. “I can live very quietly, perhaps as a governess in some socially undistinguished family, where I shall present no threat to anyone. . . .” Her explanation faded under the three dissenting stares she encountered.

“Foolish beyond permission,” decided the old woman. “My granddaughter living in some wretched attic, under the knaggy dominance of an unfashionable female, and compelled to instruct her stupid brats in subjects they have neither the brains nor the nous to understand!” And then the dowager paused, as though struck by a new idea. Her expression became first thoughtful and then triumphant. “I have it!”

Her audience waited for the revelation, hardly daring to breathe.

A slow, wicked smile softened the outline of Lady Amelia’s mouth. “I have been seriously in need of a bright, young companion. You see, I have decided to reenter the beau monde, and I shall require a companion-secretary of intelligence and good humor to assist me.”

“But the hair! The eyes!” waited Samuel North. “One look at Lady Alfreda, and the secret will be out!”

But his father was grinning. He hadn’t had such an interesting case in years. “An excellent idea, ma’am,” he said, bestowing a small bow of commendation in the dowager’s direction. “Of course, there will be details to be agreed upon. . . .”

His son could see that the old man was off on one of his quirky starts again. Reluctantly, and with considerable foreboding, he enquired, “What details?”

“The hair, for one. We must arrange to change the color. Oh, only temporarily, to be sure!” he said, as he encountered the forbidding frown on the dowager’s face. “For Lady Alfreda’s protection.”

“You may be right,” the dowager agreed, albeit grudgingly. “So pretty,” she explained to a bemused Alfreda, “but we must protect you from that monster of a father of yours.”

“The Calthorp eyes?” prodded Samuel.

“I could wear spectacles!” Alfreda was getting into the spirit of the game, her grandmother’s evident desire to be near her providing ample stimulus.

The dowager hailed the suggestion with satisfaction. “All that is left to do,” she told her companions, “is to get Freddi to the best modiste in London, and see the child rigged out in proper style—”

“I am afraid your attendance at such a boutique would set tongues wagging,” objected the senior North. “Buying clothes for your new companion?”

His son astonished everyone. “You’d better go to the Soho Bazaar for her clothes, if you’re all determined upon this madcap plan,” he said grudgingly.

His father regarded him with surprise, while Lady Amelia nodded slowly. “You are right, young man. That place is the haunt of every clothes-conscious woman among the less affluent—and a good few of our women of fashion. Heavily veiled, of course!” she added mockingly.

“Then that shall be our salvation in this particular case,” nodded Thomas North. “Lady Freddi can go veiled, or even tuck that betraying hair under . . .” He looked with distaste at Granny Green’s old hat.

Alfreda giggled. “It’s a sight, isn’t it? But useful as a disguise.”

“Then let us proceed!” commanded the dowager. “To the Soho Bazaar!” She smiled warmly at her grandchild. “Considering that I have not dressed to please the ton for more years than I care to count, I find myself curiously eager to embark upon the business of shopping, which to so many of the ton is their only profession!” She stood up, keeping her clasp on Alfreda’s hand. She had not been so happy for eighteen years!

The dowager smiled again at the older man. “Since I came in a hackney, you may instruct your coachman to drive us to this bazaar with which your son is familiar.” She chuckled at the younger man’s expression. “Oh, I’ll admit I know the place; I’ve had my maid buy clothing for me there from time to time. They should be able to provide more appealing garments than these,” she admitted, catching the look of disapproval with which young Samuel was regarding her rumpled, out-moded clothing. “I really haven’t cared . . . until now.”

Alfreda was so moved by this admission of long-held grief that she made no protest against a shopping expedition. Strangely enough, both lawyers insisted upon attending the ladies.

“You may escort us to the bazaar,” decreed Lady Amelia firmly, “but you must wait inside your carriage when we go in. Someone is sure to see you—more women of fashion hunt for bargains there than would ever admit it to their couturiers! They mustn’t see my two respected men-at-law lending importance to the refurbishing of my young companion’s wardrobe. Especially if a glimpse of red hair is caught! That news would get back to my horrid son-in-law by tonight at the latest.”

Alfreda, in alt at the wonderful developments, was busily tucking her flaming hair into Granny Green’s dowdy hat. “No one shall see it, Grandmama,” she promised, eyes alight with excitement and pleasure.

“Our first purchase must be a dark silk scarf,” suggested the dowager. The two women were at once lost in the delights of making a list of absolute necessities.

The lawyers sighed and resigned themselves to a long wait in their carriage.





The wait was even longer than they had anticipated. When the two ladies finally strolled toward their carriage, followed obsequiously by a tradesman-clerk bearing boxes and bags, the Norths did not at first recognize the dowdy duchess and her country-bumpkin grandchild. Somehow the duchess had managed to get Alfreda into newly bought clothing in some changing-room within the bazaar. And the dowager herself sported a new bonnet!

Smiling widely, she held up an imperious hand.

“We are ready to be driven home,” she announced. The lawyers were staring. “Rather a transformation, isn’t it?” she added in a lower voice, as Samuel leaped out to assist the ladies into the carriage. “And you’ve seen only the beginning of our—ah—‘sea change’—as Shakespeare has it!”

“ ‘Into something rich and strange,’ ” added Alfreda, finishing the quotation. “Grandmama had a magic touch! She has made me beautiful!” Eyes wide with wonder and unaccustomed pleasure, she demanded that the silently gaping Samuel share her delight in her charming costume.

The young man pulled himself together and tried to examine this endearing little wench with his usual air of cool professional detachment. Rich and strange was not so far off the mark, he mused. The dowager had chosen to clothe her granddaughter in a black silk dress so soft that a man’s hand ached to stroke it . . . and the newly revealed gentle curves beneath it. Although the intriguing garment was a sober, suitable black, it was topped by a saucy little blue bonnet that exactly matched Alfreda’s eyes, as well as effectively concealing the flaming hair beneath. Tearing his glance from the slender waist and the delicious soft swell of bosom above it, Samuel North found his eyes sinking—drowning—in the widest, clearest, sweetest blue gaze he had ever beheld. Rallying, he managed to say, “. . . lovely blue eyes, ma’am! You’ll have to get spectacles at once!” And then regaining some composure, he forced a few more reluctant words. “Change, indeed, milady!”

His father had the audacity to laugh.

“That’s the barber!” he commented in the cant phrase he knew his son would detest. “Always admit it when you are wrong. It increases your chances of being believed if ever you should be right!”





Chapter 4



Naturally the servants of Thorp Townhouse were set aflutter by the arrival of an unexpected, young, and rather mysterious companion for Lady Amelia. Snow, the butler, was at first a trifle put out by the event, since, as a good majordomo, he expected to be consulted or at least informed about changes in routine. Rather sternly, he questioned Burton, Lady Amelia’s dresser, as to why she had not told him of the imminent arrival.

Burton’s manner alerted all the butler’s darkest suspicions. The woman’s naturally solemn face became guarded, and her eyes would not meet his. This was not strange, since the dowager had decided, within two minutes of entering her house the afternoon before, to confide in her oldest friend among the servants. It was just as well, she thought, since Burton would bear the brunt of the deception they intended to practice.

Lady Amelia knew nothing of hair dyes, for example; yet it was most urgent that the odd-smelling stuff they had bought at the Soho Bazaar be administered with some skill to the flaming length of Freddi’s hair. Burton, she knew, had such skills. In fact, the woman had made herself a nuisance, when Lady Amelia’s hair began to go gray, urging that she permit her dresser to “put some color back into it.” So she motioned Burton to follow her and her new companion into milady’s boudoir, and to shut the door securely after them. And then, briefly, she introduced her granddaughter, explained the situation, and held out the hair dye.

Speechless, excited, Burton took it. While the ladies were removing their outer wraps and bonnets, she opened the odd-smelling stuff and poured some into a basin.

“It may turn her hair green,” she warned her mistress, and then looked at the fiery, flowing mane Alfreda was shaking out.

“Oh!” It was a gasp of pleasure.

“Pretty, isn’t it?” asked Lady Amelia complacently. “And I absolutely forbid you to turn it green.”

“That’s as the Lord wills and the dye acts,” snapped Burton, eager to get hands and brush into that lovely mass of color.

The new companion-granddaughter grinned saucily. “At least they won’t connect me with Lord Dorn if my hair’s green,” she offered. Her companions were startled into a laugh.

And so it went, during that long afternoon and evening. The dowager rang for supper to be served in her boudoir, with Alfreda and Burton hiding in Lady Amelia’s bedroom while the curious maids served the meal. Then, as they ate it, with the girl’s head bound in a towel, the three women found so much to chuckle about, so much to plan and discuss, that Lady Amelia, for one, felt she had never eaten a more stimulating supper.

At length, the moment of truth came. Gingerly Burton unwound the towel, fearful lest the lovely hair be purple or fall out in handfuls. Instead, a rather heavy pelt of ebony stood out harshly around the girl’s face, startling against its soft ivory.

The dowager stared with dissatisfaction. Finally she said, “Well, at least it isn’t green.”

“Or purple,” giggled Alfreda.

“Or red,” Burton reminded them both.

Lady Amelia smiled. “Now we shall plan our strategy!”





Later that night—her second—in London, Alfreda lay in the most comfortable bed she had ever known, staring up at a delicately covered and painted ceiling faintly revealed by the light of a pretty lamp burning low at her side. She was tired, but her mind would not release the excitements of the past twenty-four hours. Her room was next to the dowager’s, and an inside door connected them. Lady Amelia utterly refused to permit her granddaughter to be housed in the servant’s quarter, and Burton seconded her.

“For her Grace’s companion is not an ordinary servant,” she had explained to a doubting Alfreda. “Indigent members of one’s own family often act as companion or secretary.”

Alfreda had grinned ruefully. “Well, I’m certainly indigent.”

So she had been settled into the dainty, attractive little room, helped into her new nightgown by Burton, and tucked gently into bed by her grandmother.

“If anyone asks why I have placed Miss Freddi next to me,” ordered the dowager, “you are to tell them that I feel I may have need of her assistance during the night.”

Burton curtseyed and quietly left the room. Lady Amelia bent and kissed Alfreda gently on the forehead. “Welcome home, dearest!” she whispered, and went into her own bedroom to the waiting Burton.

And now she was alone, yet not alone. Never had she known this feeling of belonging, of being part of a family. Cuddling deeper into the soft mattress, Alfreda rehearsed the day that had made such a change in her life.

First there had been the meeting with the cheerful Thomas North and his handsome, critical son. From the very first moment she had had an urge to tease him, to provoke and ruffle his studied complacency. Then there had been the shocking news that her own father had banished her into obscurity in order to secure the succession with his son by a woman other than his wife. The smile disappeared as she tried to deal with that betrayal. Alfreda forced herself to recall the joy of meeting her mother’s mother. Why dwell on unhappy events when she had found a real grandmother who loved Alfreda because she so closely resembled the lost Penelope? And who would, vowed the girl, come to love me because I love her!

Smiling again, Alfreda tried to picture her mother. Just before she tucked Alfreda into bed, Lady Amelia had given her a delicately painted miniature of Penelope. The girl pored over the young, wistfully smiling face painted by an unknown artist. Mother. She tried out the word, touching the tiny painted face with a gentle fingertip. Lady Amelia said that Alfreda had Penelope’s nose and mouth. Too vulnerable. Firming her chin, the girl vowed that, in her own case, the red hair of the Dorn side of her family would give her the fire and strength she would undoubtedly need in the next few months. Even if it was dyed black!

She pulled her thoughts away from the unhappy young wife and the brutal husband. There was so much to be thankful for: especially Lawyer North, without whose help she would never have been united with her grandmother. In the cause of justice, he had been willing to sacrifice his client’s interest—surely a difficult decision for a man of integrity—when he believed that client had committed a crime. Now think about the son, the starched-up Samuel, she urged herself, trying to lighten her mood.

Strangely, however, when she tried to picture the pompous, handsome, disapproving face, she found another male countenance imposing itself over the too-regular features. A dark, virile face which was lighted by a pair of wickedly teasing gray eyes, and a white, predatory grin. . . . Who—? Oh, yes! That outrageous stranger at the Pot O’Gold Inn!

Of course she would never see the mocking wretch again, Alfreda told herself. But the brief duel of wits had been fun. As she drifted off to sleep, she wondered what the exasperating fellow was doing at this moment, and if he had spared even one thought for the dowdy little bluestocking . . . .

Although she had feared she might spend the long dark hours of the night brooding over the cold-hearted rejection of his daughter by the Earl of Dorn, Alfreda fell asleep with a smile on her face, thinking of a few telling remarks she would make to the presumptuous man in the caped overcoat if she ever saw him again. And what he would say to her about that mug of ale!





Chapter 5



The Earl of Dorn regarded his illegitimate son and heir through a brandy-induced haze. Roger, who had arrived late for dinner, was methodically eating his way through the heavy courses, paying little or no attention to his father’s ill-humor.

“You,” sneered Lord Dorn, “remind me of your mother. Loud, greedy, and vulgar.”

“At least she saved your bacon,” retorted his son through a mouthful of food. “Which is more than your lily-white Lady P. could manage to do.”

His father had early informed Roger of his less-than-legal right to inherit the title. Dorn knew there must be no loose talk; no fatal slips of tongue. He had thought it only sensible to inform the boy of the insecurity of his own position, and the dangers of their situation.

The earl scowled. When the brandy had descended to this level in the bottle, he was not always sure just what he had planned to say or do. Things were enveloped in a sort of warm mist, and his troubles, which were many, seemed less important than he had feared. Still, he reminded himself, there was one very important fact, relayed to him by someone he trusted in London, which he needed to discuss with the hulking Roger. What the devil was it? Something to do with . . . the girl!

“Mrs. Green is dead,” he said, remembering the message from the lawyers.

Roger wasn’t impressed. “Good! I always thought that pension you paid her was a waste of blunt.” He belched.

“That means the girl’s loose,” muttered Lord Dorn.

“Girl?” Roger helped himself to several more slices of roast beef.

His son’s lack of attention finally roused the earl’s ire. “Your sister—half sister—whatever she is,” he snapped. “If she gets to asking questions in London, you may find yourself hanging out somewhere else than here at Dorn Manor! And having to work for your livelihood.” He grinned maliciously at the suddenly alert youth.

Roger’s jaw began slowly to masticate again.

“Kill her,” he advised.

Lord Dorn was surprised. “You don’t mean that,” he protested.

“Why not? If she’s a danger, as you seem to believe, then get rid of her. Unless you’re willing to hand over the rents and the succession to Cousin Benedict.”

“I am still the earl,” snarled Alfred. “The rents are mine as long as I live!”

“Tell that to your beloved and very nosey cousin!” sneered Roger. “The word is around that he is considering a protest against your reckless squandering of the funds that belong to the estate—funds entailed to him—as my heir!”

His brief burst of anger spent, the earl’s head was beginning to nod.

“Per—p’raps we’d better t-t-talk about it inna mornin’,” he murmured. His head went down with a thud upon the stained tablecloth. He uttered a faint, snoring sound.

The burly youth gave his drunken parent a long, cold stare. Was the old sot going to give the game away? After eighteen years of good living, Roger was not about to lose the comforts and advantages of being heir to the Earl of Dorn! Even an idiot could see that Alfred had become a threat to the whole scheme he himself had contrived so many years ago. Roger picked up his glass and drained it, his eyes never leaving the slumped figure of his father. Perhaps the stupid old man should go, as well as the girl? He nodded sharply. Yes, it might be a good idea to do something about the mess before it was too late.

Grunting, he hoisted himself to his feet and strolled off to bed. The servants would carry his father upstairs when they were ready.





Roger strolled into his father’s bedroom early the following morning, carrying a restorative potion. He had no desire to talk—what use were words? You couldn’t break any bones with them! After some thought, Roger had hit upon a plan of action that might solve his problem. Going very early to the stables, he had casually removed a small bottle of a drug the horse doctor had sent last month to deaden pain in an injured horse the earl had wished to save. Some sort of painkiller. Roger had dropped some of it into the settler he had demanded from the butler.

He paid no attention to his father’s groans of protest, pulling him into an upright position and forcing the potion into Dorn’s mouth.

“Wake up, old man!” he said roughly. “Drink this! We’ve got to move before that whelp-bitch of yours drags us both down.”

Fifteen minutes later, Lord Dorn was morosely downing a mug of ale while Roger outlined his scheme.

“We’ll send someone to wherever you planted the girl, and have her taken to Rye and put aboard a smuggler’s boat. They can sell her in France for enough to make it worth their while.”

Lord Dorn was not in a conforming mood. “And if she has already left for London?” he snarled.

“You think the lawyers have told her? You bloody fool, didn’t you have enough sense to swear them to secrecy?”

The earl grinned sourly. “Better than that. I never told them the truth. I said she was a by-blow I wanted to provide for. I told Green the same tale. The girl is most likely married to some rustic clown by now, and sporting a farrow of brats.”

Roger stared at him suspiciously. “That’s not the tune you were singing last night,” he snapped. “In a rare taking, you were!” He glared at his father. “You have more sense drunk than sober.”

The earl, whose policy it was to avoid anything that disturbed his peace for as long as possible, searched his dulled mind for a ploy that might divert his belligerent offspring’s anger “I had a letter from our good neighbor, Mark Savage, yesterday,” he told Roger. “He wishes you to know that, as of yesterday, you are not welcome at The Oaks. Persona non grata. That means he hates your guts. Have you been chousing too much blunt from his dear little brother?”

The diversion was successful. Roger’s grin was wolfish. “It’s not only the cards. The little cock can’t resist a dare. I bet him one hundred pounds he couldn’t beat me in a race from here to London, and then I had Felsin loosen one of the wheels of his curricle. Unfortunately, big brother Mark took over the challenge.” Roger laughed coarsely. “Unfortunately for him! Big brother never made it to London.”

Lord Dorn joined the laughter. “What did he break?”

“Nothing, apparently. He’s got the devil’s own luck! And of course he’s forbidding me the freedom of his house so I won’t try to collect the bet. But all that’s beside the question. What are you going to do about the girl?”

So the diversion hadn’t worked! The earl sighed. “We are going to London. We shall open the house I have there, and I shall visit the lawyers and find out what is happening—and what they know.” He scrutinized the scowling dark face of his illegitimate son with a malicious grin. “Maybe I’ll arrange for you to marry the girl, and keep it in the family.”

Both men exchanged wicked smiles at this ugly suggestion.





Late that afternoon Roger rode over to The Oaks to collect the hundred pounds due him from Jeremy Savage. Mark Savage had not been able to finish the race with a wheel missing, and greedy young Roger had no intention of leaving for London without getting his money. He was not afraid of breaking the ban—no man could show him the door until the debt of honor had been paid!

In point of fact, it was Jeremy into whose presence the disapproving butler ushered Roger.

The younger man—a boy, really—was in a sulky mood.

“If my half brother had not interfered, I should have beaten you,” he muttered sullenly. “I suppose you’re here to collect your pound of flesh.”

“One hundred pounds,” taunted Roger. “Do you have that much?”

“I can get it.” Jeremy’s face was a sickly shade. He almost ran out of the room.

Grinning, Roger strode around the library. It was a large, comfortable room, very masculine with heavy wood and leather and the scent of tobacco. And brandy, thought Roger gleefully, his eyes searching for the decanter.

His search was interrupted by the coldest voice he had ever heard. “What are you doing here, Dorn? I thought I’d told you you were persona non grata—or is that much Latin too difficult for your feeble wits?”

Roger experienced the wary, unwelcome sense of alarm he always felt in Mark Savage’s presence. “I thought you’d be willing to pay your debts before denying me the door,” he blustered.

“No matter how treacherously won?” Mark sneered. He walked over to the desk and pulled out a leather purse. “You are no better than a thug, a hulking, blustering bullyboy, robbing children and old ladies.” With a contemptuous sneer, Mark opened the purse and tossed the coins it contained onto the floor. “Scramble for your dirty money,” he advised, grinning. “Crawl for it!”

For one long, furious moment Roger glared at his tormentor. Greed and rage warred in his heavy countenance. And then the gleam of the golden coins won over his anger, and he stooped to scrabble up the guineas.

Mark Savage watched him with scorn.

Jeremy slipped into the room, caught sight of Roger’s kneeling figure and Mark at the same moment, and froze.

Roger lurched to his feet, eyes ablaze.

“You missed one,” offered Mark, kicking the coin toward his antagonist.

Cursing, Roger lunged toward the door. Jeremy, terrified, scooted aside in time to avoid that bull-like rush. A minute later, there was the sound of the massive front door closing. Jeremy met his brother’s intent gaze.

“You made him grovel for it,” he said faintly.

“He rooted for those guineas like the pig he is,” agreed Mark.

“You warned me,” admitted Jeremy, the freest smile he’d ever given his half brother trembling on his lips. “You were right.” Ever since the fifteen-year-old learned of the treacherously removed linchpin, he had begun to consider seriously Mark’s earnest efforts to caution him against Roger’s brutal tricks. “I’ve been a fool!”

“Congratulations.” Mark extended his hand.

“For what?” Jeremy asked warily, accepting the adult ritual and shaking Mark’s hand firmly.

“For taking the first step toward being a man,” said his older brother quietly. He scanned the youthful, good-looking countenance of his sibling. If only their father had bothered to give the boy even half of the attention he paid his books and his ill-health! And he himself, Mark acknowledged glumly, had never really tried to get beyond that barrier Jeremy erected against everyone—except the brutish Roger Dorn. Setting his jaw grimly, Mark acknowledged further that Roger was the only youth near Jeremy’s age in the vicinity. And the Dorn estate abutted upon theirs. Propinquity. Mark regretted that he had not seen earlier the devastating effects a rough character such as the Dorn heir could have on a disgruntled youth.

Well, that would all change now, Mark promised himself. And to set the ball rolling . . . “What do you say we celebrate? We’ve been rusticated in the depths of the county for too long! Shall we take a toddle up to the City?” Mark imitated the high nasal whine of a London dandy. “Deck ourselves out in full fig?”

His reward was a lighthearted grin from his half brother.

“I’d like that, Mark! I might even purchase a quizzing glass!”

Their shared laughter strengthened the newly forming bond between them. For the first time, young Jeremy looked his overpowering half brother in the eyes without resentment. “Do you think Papa will . . . mind?”

“He’ll never miss us,” responded Mark cheerfully.

And both of them knew that was true.





Chapter 6



As the days passed, Burton was convinced that a kindly Providence had combined Christmas and her birthday into one. The dresser was eager to add Thanksgiving to the miraculous event. Lady Amelia had not only acquired a charming, well-educated, conversable companion, but Her Grace had even admitted to her longtime servant and crony that some new clothing was to be purchased for herself, as well as for the girl! Burton’s faithful heart swelled, not only because her own task, so long a dreadful frustration as she beheld her dear mistress growing older and dowdier by the year, would in future be more interesting and rewarding. There was also the satisfaction of seeing a light long absent from those faded blue eyes daily rekindled by the newly discovered granddaughter.

The rest of the staff were equally pleased. One elderly maid, carried away by the startling new breaks from the dull, daily routine, had even been heard to mutter, “’Er Gryce might break down an’ ’ave a few parties!—Jus’ small ones,” the woman had hastened to add.

Snow, as pleased as the rest of the servants at the obvious happiness of his mistress, still felt it necessary to warn the staff that Her Grace had not entertained in nigh on twenty years, and might not intend doing so now! But secretly, the butler shared the other servants’ hopes. A miracle, indeed.

Lady Amelia was almost bewildered by the delightful possibilities that seemed to be increasing daily. First and most important, of course, was the pleasure of sharing the small, ordinary events of the normal day with her newfound granddaughter. The joy of planning, acting, talking together! The dowager had to remind herself frequently that the girl’s safety might well depend upon the concealment of her true identity, but it was fatally easy to admire, and approve, and enjoy the young woman whom Mrs. Green had educated but had been unable to mold in her own stern, humorless image.

What a charmer Freddi was, to be sure! Lady Amelia ached to present her to the ton, to watch her captivate and conquer that closed, self-centered group with her beauty, her sparkling wit, and her provocative personality. For Alfreda had blossomed like a rose under the loving appreciation of her doting grandparent.

But even the besotted Lady Amelia dared not go against Lawyer North’s stringent command and enlighten the world—or her servants: the same thing!—as to the true situation at Thorp House, especially after his warning that a disclosure of Freddi’s parentage might lead to a threat to the girl’s life. The lawyer would have been appalled to learn that his noble client had already taken both Burton and Snow into her confidence. The staff, however, even ignorant of Miss Freddi’s true position, had taken the lively girl to their collective hearts. While they rather deplored the black-dyed hair, they had never seen its true red color, so would be unable, the dowager consoled herself, to squeak beef. (This was one of the provocative bits of cant she had borrowed from Freddi’s rustic vocabulary.) The servants, pretending shocked disapproval of their mistress’s new freedom of speech, were actually so titillated that they could hardly wait to get to the staff dinner table to relate or listen to the latest example of reprehensible jargon. Oddly enough, there was no censure for the source of the naughty language. Alfreda already had won an almost feudal loyalty from the formerly austere staff.

Lady Amelia, ignoring her granddaughter’s protests, was spending a great deal of time and money in the elegant premises of London’s most exclusive boutiques, choosing pretty dresses for her “companion,” and almost incidentally, for herself. She was so pleased by this activity that Freddi hadn’t the heart to deny her. But the very best times were when the two women sat in Lady Amelia’s boudoir, asking questions, sharing experiences, filling in the lost years. Alfreda never tired of hearing about her mother’s girlhood, and the dowager laughed until she cried at some of Freddi’s salted rural anecdotes. She showed keen interest in the story of the girl’s encounter with the rude rogue at the Pot O’Gold Inn.

“Inexcusable,” was her comment when Freddi, pink-cheeked with wrath, had finished the tale. “Such male arrogance! Quite unforgivable, in fact.” She peered sharply at the angry, animated little face of her grandchild.

“It was not enough that the wretch should make fun of Mrs. Green’s bonnet,” elaborated the girl. “The villain had the insolence to claim that a girl of my sort could never understand Aristotle’s Ethics!”

“And can you?” probed the fascinated dowager.

“I think so,” answered Mrs. Green’s prize pupil. “At least enough of it to land that arrogant male a facer—as Squire Bowen’s son used to say,” she added hastily, qualifying her use of boxing cant.

Lady Amelia was more interested than she permitted Freddi to notice. “Was the wretch a gentleman, do you suppose?”

“He must have been,” admitted Alfreda. “He recognized Aristotle. His accent was cultured; he wore a heavy signet ring. His coat was quite modish, I should think. Capes,” she added seriously, unaware of the conclusions her grandmother was drawing from this detailed appraisal. “Not at all the kind of coat the squire wears, or any of the Quality in the county. In fact,” she added judicially, “if anyone else had been wearing that coat, I should have laughed! So many small, short capes hanging from his shoulders,” she explained, and then added reluctantly, “He carried them off well. He was tall, and his shoulders were very wide.”

“You were able to observe a good deal in such a short encounter,” the dowager could not resist remarking. She gazed at the girl with encouraging interest. Her ploy was rewarded as Freddi went on dreamily.

“His eyes,” she said softly, “were a really remarkable shade of gray. Almost silver in some lights, with very black lashes framing them like a fringe. . . .” Her own wide blue eyes caught the quizzical challenge in the older woman’s glance.

Warm color flooded the girl’s cheeks. To her grandmother’s satisfaction, however, Freddi tried no coy evasions. “It is obvious,” she said in a small tense voice, “that the man at the Pot O’Gold made a strong impression on me.”

“I think that is a reasonable assumption,” agreed her grandmother, releasing with no regret the image of the personable young Samuel North in favor of more interesting possibilities. “I shall hope to meet this arrogant humorist, this Top-o’-the-Trees dandy, some day. Perhaps at one of the social functions Burton is forever urging me to attend. Of course our wardrobes will have to be thoroughly renewed before such a move is possible.”

Alfreda had her mouth open to remind her impulsive relative of Lawyer North’s warning against springing an unknown young woman upon the ton—and a mere companion, at that!—when the dowager went on happily, “Which reminds me. I have decided to invite my oldest and best friends to tea in a few days—long enough for the staff to get over their shock at the idea! It won’t be as impressive as a bid to Almack’s or Carlton House, but I do want my dearest friends to meet you.” She sighed with pleasure. “It will be good to see them again.”

Observing the new sparkle in her grandmama’s eyes, Alfreda choked off her own objections. Surely the Earl of Dorn, in his ancestral estate far from London, would never hear of a black-haired companion to his mother-in-law! Or care, if he should hear. So she said cheerfully, “Your friends will be so happy to see you looking so smart—as fine as fivepence in a new gown, I’ve no doubt of it! Now what shall you wear?”

Which provocative question was good for a full hour of blissful discussion.





Chapter 7



The comparative peace of her first week in London had lulled Alfreda into a sense of security that was to be rudely shattered two days before the dowager’s tea party. Pursuing her scheme to introduce her new companion to her dearest friends, Lady Amelia dragged Freddi out to purchase a pretty morning dress.

“You have bought me too many new dresses, Grandmama!” the girl protested. “Your friends will be shocked at such alamodality in a mere companion!”

“Never a mere anything,” objected the dowager crisply. Then, with a guilty smile, she added, “I must confess that I have decided to tell everyone that you are the daughter of a distant cousin who lives in the wilds of Scotland—northern Scotland! The Shetland Islands, in fact.” She went on to explain, eyes twinkling. “No one I know has ever ventured so far north, you see. The perfect cover! The Shetland Islands are halfway to the Pole!”

Alfreda broke into delighted laughter. “Grandmama! The North Pole? I suppose that means I must appear in my bearskin?”

Lady Amelia’s eyebrows rose. “Naughty child! Whatever—oh! You mean a bearskin!” She shook her head in playful admonition. “I have even thought of a suitable name for my young cousin. By the way, you must learn to call me Cousin Amelia, if you please!”

“My new name?” demanded Alfreda. “What have you thought of?”

“Frederica Darling,” the dowager beamed. “What do you think?”

Alfreda pretended to be giving serious consideration to the name. “If I am to be an inhabitant of northern Scotland, should it not be MacDarling?”

“Whatever you say.” Her dowager chuckled, much pleased at this reception of her scheme. “As long as you agree to choose a pretty morning gown with me today. I wonder if Célèste has any tartan plaids?”

“Tell me you are not serious,” begged the girl, still laughing. “Next you will be mounting me upon a Shetland pony for my debut!”

“Freddi, you are evading the question!” said the dowager firmly.

“If you insist upon purchasing one more gown for me, you will have to buy another clothes press, dear Gr—dear Cousin Amelia! I swear there is not so much as an inch of space left in that huge armoire in my bedroom!”

The old woman waved this poor-spirited objection aside.

“Nonsense, Freddi! You’ve scarcely enough clothing to last you out the week, once you enter Society.” She mimicked anguished distress. “It is the Kiss of Death to be seen in the beau monde twice in the same dress!”

Grinning at her grandmother’s absurd mime of disaster, the girl tried to reason with her too-generous relative. “Those sticklers have never met me, so must it not follow, logically, that every dress I have will be new to them?”

“Am I to be treated to Aristotle’s dialectics?” demanded the dowager. “Allow me to know more than any ancient Greek male about the customs of London’s Bon Ton!”

Sweeping her granddaughter ruthlessly out to the carriage, Lady Amelia told the long-suffering coachman to get them to Cèléste’s with all speed, and then wait to pick them up when they should emerge from that elegant boutique.

The ladies spent a delightfully successful hour in those sacred precincts, deciding finally upon a warm rose-colored morning dress for Freddi. The rich shade did much to soften the harsh black of the dyed hair. But when the dowager, in full flood of a newly aroused shopping fever, offered to purchase a rose bonnet to go with the dress, Freddi put her foot down firmly.

“Not another item shall you buy for me, Cousin Amelia, until we have added the necessary touches to your own new costume.” She had coaxed her grandmother into choosing a pretty blue dress for herself, one whose soft ruffles did a great deal to enhance the dowager’s still too-slender figure. Now, contemplating that garment, Alfreda said, “Shoes, of course! Little silk ones, or soft leather to match this dress.”

Célèste, who had been serving these distinguished clients personally, was forced to admit that she did not include shoes in the wealth of treasures she offered. “But next door, madame,” she advised, “there is un cordonnier trés chic!”

Alfreda, who could hardly wait to see her grandmother and herself attired in their new finery, insisted that the two dresses, tenderly packed into gilt boxes, should be given into her care at once, rather than sent over later in the day. Laughing, the two ladies went out onto the street and hastened over to peer into the window of the recommended shoemaker. Alfreda gasped her appreciation, pointing toward the single pair of shoes displayed on a silk-covered stand.

They were of blue velvet, a few shades darker than Lady Amelia’s new dress.

“Those! We must have those!” she cried. “They match the blue dress exactly! Oh, please, ma’am, do buy them! It would make me so happy!”





At that moment a hard, masculine voice grated in their ears. “I see you are doing very well for yourself in the big city, Miss Bluestocking! Feathering your nest very comfortably, in fact!” the man’s cold, contemptuous glance took in the dress boxes the girl was holding, slid over the pretty gray redingote she was wearing; then swept back disdainfully to her face. “Your new bonnet is more becoming than that hideous antique you were sporting when last we met, but I can’t say I admire your taste in wigs. Even your red mop looked better than that thing!”

The scorn and disgust in his voice struck at Alfreda like a physical blow. Color drained from her face as she turned from the window to confront the man from the Pot O’Gold.

The dowager, shocked by the sudden attack, stared up into that dark, saturnine countenance. “What . . . . who—?” she stammered.

The big fellow turned to her. “Let me warn you, ma’am. This little hellcat has claws she has not shown you yet, I would hazard. Wheedling shoes, and from the look of it, dresses from a rich, unwary patron! A word to the wise: Don’t let the little cozener bamboozle you out of anything more! She’ll end up throwing something in your face!” Tipping his hat to the older woman, the fellow strode off down the street, causing modish saunterers to scuttle out of the way of his angry advance.

Nobly repressing a smile, the dowager breathed out a long exhalation. Her keen glance raked her granddaughter’s stormy face, noting with admiration the fiery color that was already surging into her cheeks. “May I presume that that—gentleman—was your adversary at the inn? If so, then the half was not told me!” and she began to chuckle. “What did you throw at him?”

Blue eyes dark with fury between narrowed lids, Alfreda glared after the vanishing man. “Coward!” she spat. “Hadn’t the courage to stay and face me!”

The dowager grinned at this sign of hot temper. “I can hardly wait for your next encounter,” she said smugly. “Heaven grant I am present to witness it.”





At that moment, rage cooling, Mark Savage turned into the exclusive tailoring establishment where young Jeremy was being fitted for his first adult suit. He had gone out during the seemingly endless time of the fitting, ostensibly to blow a cloud, but actually to secure tickets for the balloon ascension that Jeremy had been hinting about.

Both brothers were finding their new friendship an unexpected pleasure. With a gap of ten years between them, neither of them had considered that they had much in common. This visit to London had shown them the error of that belief. Mark found the bright, eager youth a good companion; Jeremy, for his part, had quite abandoned the petty resentments and complaints that it had been his wont to express every time his big half brother had tried to act in loco parentis, and guide his behavior into adult patterns. Both of them were aware, although neither would admit it, that this was the pleasantest experience they had ever shared.

When Mark reached the tailor’s, Jeremy was already dressed in his old clothes, trying on hats in front of a large mirror. Even he was grinning at the effect of a large topper which was resting on the bridge of his nose.

“Let’s try this one,” suggested Mark, and Alfreda would not have recognized his voice.

Jeremy peered at the jaunty cap with a hard brim over the eyes. “Just the thing to wear at a balloon ascension,” added Mark.

Jeremy’s face lighted with pleasure. “We are to go? You have the tickets?”

“Taken out of your next month’s allowance, my friend,” Mark announced firmly. “And since that makes you my host, I shall also expect a good restorative tea to recruit our strength, afterward.”

Jeremy clapped a hand to the pocket in which he kept the money Mark had solemnly handed over to him in the hotel that morning. “I think I can stretch to that,” he said, in his most mature voice—and then he and Mark laughed together.

Even the tailor grinned at the obvious enjoyment on the two faces.





At the very moment that Mark and Jeremy were strolling toward the park from which the balloon was to take off, the Earl of Dorn was entering the chambers of his lawyer. The elder Mr. North greeted him warily. The investigation he and his son were carrying out had not yet cleared all the questions they needed to answer; the lawyer wondered what had brought his unpleasant client in at this moment. He soon found out.

“Where’s the girl?” Alfred Dorn demanded, before he had even taken the chair North was indicating.

North played for time. “The girl?”

“My illegitimate daughter,” Dorn supplied tersely. “You wrote to me that you had sent her a ticket to London when the old woman died. And asked me what I wished you to do about it, as I recall.”

North forbore to ask why it had taken his client several weeks to respond to so personal a problem. Instead he said, smoothly, “When we did not hear from you, we proceeded to use our own judgment . . . .”

“Which was?” snapped Dorn.

“We apprised her of the true nature of her situation, loaned her some money—which we shall expect to receive from the estate—and found her a—a situation with a reputable employer. She is acting as a secretary-companion to an old lady.”

All true, and it should hold him, God grant, until the dowager could make up her mind as to the course of action she wished to follow. Would Dorn swallow it without gagging?

For a while it appeared that he might. He was still frowning suspiciously, but his puffy, dissolute face was easing out of its hostile scowl. “Who’s the old woman?” he demanded.

“Do you wish me to arrange a meeting?” challenged the lawyer. “I should think you would rather be seen as little as possible in Miss Green’s vicinity.”

“You should never have found the girl a post in London,” growled the earl. “Give her some money and send her back to the village. . . .”

“There is no money,” North said decisively. “The cottage you bought for Mrs. Green, eighteen years ago, recently sold for a pittance. Your creditors here in London—an army!—harass me daily. Your cousin Benedict has instructed his lawyers to get a restraining order, and appoint a conservator for the estate. We are contesting that, of course, but if Benedict succeeds, you will have to account for your stewardship.” North’s expression was grim. “You have already sold every parcel of land that was not entailed to the Dorn estate. You have borrowed against the next two years’ rents. You are, I regret to tell you, bankrupt.” He sighed. “I’ve been warning you for years, milord.”

Dorn’s face was haggard. “What—what can I do?”

The lawyer gave him a sharp glance. He’d been asked for his advice before, and no attention had been paid to it. Still— “You can take back and cash in the jewels you have lavished upon your mistresses. Sell that bijou house in Regis Crescent. Go quietly to Europe—living is cheaper in Spain or Italy—and lie low! We can forward what money trickles in from the rents.” He pursed his lips. “One more thing. Take Roger with you.”

“Roger!” The earl breathed the name with relief. “Benedict can’t inherit anything as long as Roger is alive—”

“Haven’t you listened to a word I’ve said?” demanded the lawyer. “If Benedict succeeds in getting a conservator—and he has every chance of doing so—neither you nor Roger can say or do anything.” He paused, staring keenly at the fat, dissolute countenance across the desk from him. “You would be wiser not to thrust Roger under Benedict’s nose, milord. If Benedict could prove he was not your heir—”

The earl flung himself up out of the chair. “What kind of damnfoolery is this? Roger is my son and heir—”

“Can you sustain a rigorous search into his bona fides?” North demanded. “I must warn you there is a great deal of talk about so graceless a son . . . who resembles neither of his parents.”

Dorn fumbled his way back to his chair and glared over the desk at the lawyer. Thomas North found himself almost feeling pity for the jaded, debauched creature in front of him. Then those tentative feelings were wiped away by the final snarl from his noble client.

“Don’t try to destroy me, North! I’ll tell everyone you knew about it all the time. If I go down, I’ll take you with me!”





Half an hour later Alfred Dorn was facing his son in the musty, poorly staffed town house which was his London residence. Briefly Dorn related what had transpired at the Inns of Court. Roger showed less alarm than his father had expected. He said, coolly, “What are you going to do?”

“I’ll take the fellow’s advice, of course. Sell up everything I can lay hands on and cut to the Continent. He’s promised to send the proceeds of the sale of your dear mama’s little nest to me as soon as I can establish a pied-à-terre. And the rents, as they are paid in—for as long as I live!” He shrugged. “I shan’t mind Spain. They say the women there are fiery—and obliging.”

“Where is my mother?” asked Roger, his unblinking stare fastened on his father’s face.

Alfred Dorn felt a twinge of surprise—and was it alarm?—at the manner in which Roger, always loudly vociferous, was taking this catastrophe, for it must have been almost more of a shock to the selfish young brute than it had been to his father.

“Shall I take you with me when I go to give Carlotta her notice-to-quit?” he mocked, secretly glad that the hulking lout was not putting up a fight. “I’m sure she’ll be overcome with joy and pride to behold what a fine specimen her son has turned out to be!”

“Damn you to hell,” said Roger in that same low tone.

The earl laughed. “Not if you’re there! No, I’ll introduce you, and tell her what’s happened—and then you can both get lost. I never really needed you,” he said cruelly.

“I’ve kept Benedict from breathing down your neck for eighteen years,” Roger struck back. “He and his lawyers would have made mincemeat of you years ago if you hadn’t produced a son who could inherit . . . .”

“But now I am going to Spain—and let Benedict do his damndest! He can’t seize the rents until I’m dead!”

“And where am I to go?” asked Roger.

“To hell,” said his father, grinning, and started out to the carriage.

“If I do, I’ll take you with me, muttered Roger, following his father closely.





Chapter 8



Mark Savage had made a startling discovery. He was actually enjoying the company of his pestilential young half brother. The youth had a wry, gentle wit which bloomed into hilarious good-humor as he accepted the fact that his handsome, secretly admired older brother liked him. On his part, Mark had some bitter thoughts about the selfish, sour old man who had locked himself into his suite when his second wife died, and, served by another old man as dour as himself, refused to have anything more to do with the sons who needed his guidance—even his presence—to orient their lives.

But now things had changed. Mark was grateful for the angry impulse that had brought them both to London. Every day was revealing new facets of the boy’s personality, and every day was made enjoyable by Jeremy’s unsuspected gift for humor. Today, at Jeremy’s urging, the brothers were going to a widely touted balloon ascension. They enjoyed a splendid meal in a famous tavern and then wandered over to the park to get a good seat for the performance, as Jeremy insisted.

“But my dear brother, any seat would be a good one when the balloon flies up into the sky,” teased Mark.

“I would rather stand,” announced Jeremy, grinning. “I’ll secure a comfy seat for you among the dowagers, old man,” he told his brother with carefully mimed concern. “Can’t be too careful, you know! At your age, that is!”

“Young devil!” Mark grinned appreciatively. “Just for that, I shall lean upon you during the whole flight.”

The boy’s blissful smile was payment enough.

The world and his wife had apparently accepted the offer of a rare treat—and had brought their children with them. In no time at all, Mark and Jeremy were fighting their way through a pushing, shoving, loud-talking throng of what Mark characterized as sweating Cits. Using the advantage of his extra height to try to spy out a less uncomfortable area, Mark’s eye was caught by a roped-off enclosure within which the crowd was less dense. Grabbing Jeremy by the arm, he steered them both over to this space. As he might have expected, an enterprising Cockney had set up the ropes early that morning, and complacently charged an exorbitant fee for admission into the relatively uncrowded area.

Mark was glad to pay, and found himself relaxing in the comparatively civilized group. Until he beheld, seated at the very front of the space, two familiar figures. The older woman he scarcely glanced at. It was the brazen young adventuress in the hideous black wig who caught and held his gaze.

“Not again!” He gritted his teeth. “Must that wretched female pursue me wherever I go?”

Of course Jeremy was on to his brother’s annoyance like a flash, and demanded an explanation. Briefly and succinctly Mark gave it to him.

“You think she followed you here?” Jeremy’s too-innocent expression alerted Mark to the fact that his young rascal of a sibling was trying to bamboozle him.

“I wouldn’t be a bit surprised,” Mark snapped. “The woman is a menace!”

Jeremy sidled around the ropes until he could get a clear view of this woman who had his knowledgeable brother in such high dudgeon. His eyes opened wider as he caught a glimpse of Alfreda’s glowing, happy little face—the big blue eyes sparkling like sapphires, the rosy lips smiling. The boy glanced back at his brother with a frown. Surely no man in his right mind could find that little charmer a menace?

And then he grinned. In his memory, he could recall that Mark had ever squired a female to any social event. Oh, his big brother had accepted invitations to balls and dinners given by the local gentry, but there had been no special girl mentioned. This was something new, different, interesting! Jeremy looked up to see a frowning Mark at his shoulder, but the frown was not directed at himself, Jeremy noted. The glare was focused upon the pretty little charmer in the rosy dress.

“Why don’t you just ask her why she’s following you?” prodded Jeremy with mock innocence. Ignoring the obvious fact that the girl didn’t even know they were alive, he went on, “Perhaps if she knows you are on to her scheme she will leave you alone.”

It was the veriest nonsense, and both Savage men knew it. Still, Mark was alarmed that the absurd proposal sounded so attractive. He found he wanted to confront the cozening female and set her to rights! Scowling he turned away and stared hard at the preparations for the balloon ascension.

With one wicked look at his brother’s stubborn stance, Jeremy slipped toward the fascinating little enigma in a rosy bonnet.

He arrived behind the two ladies just in time to hear Alfreda crow with delight, “Oh, look, Grandmama! They are letting it go!”

Jeremy caught the nervous glance with which the older lady sought to discover if anyone had heard the girl’s cry. She met Jeremy’s eyes; frowned, shrugged, then smiled.

“Come here, young man,” she said imperiously.

Jeremy, agog with excitement and a wicked desire to play a trick on his wonderful big brother, lost no time in presenting himself in front of the two ladies and making his best bow.

“My elder brother pointed your . . .granddaughter out, ma’am,” he announced boldly. “I wished to—er—offer my compliments!” he finished triumphantly, recalling something he’d overheard Mark say when doing the polite.

Both ladies were now regarding him with considerable interest. ”Your older brother?” quizzed the dowager, glancing behind the boy to see if she recognized one of her friend’s grandsons. Alfreda was more direct.

“What is your elder brother’s name?” she asked suspiciously. Was this some artful young dodger out to chouse a wealthy looking woman? How did he know she was the dowager’s granddaughter?

“Our name is Savage,” answered the wicked boy, “and I am sorry to tell you that that is my brother’s nature, also. He is very angry about you, ma’am,” he said, bowing to Alfreda, “although I am sure I cannot see why!” And he bestowed his most wheedling, winsome smile upon the pretty girl. “What is your name?” he inquired guilelessly.

Both women seemed taken aback by these revelations. The dowager was extremely interested and curious. Her gaze swept over the persons standing nearby, but all of them seemed entranced by the slowly rising balloon.

All but one.

Bearing down upon the three with a most horrendous frown upon his darkly handsome countenance was the man who had accosted them in front of the shoemaker’s. The dowager was delighted.

But not Alfreda, interrupted at the most exciting moment of the first balloon ascension she had ever had a chance to witness by that bête noir, that shameless wretch who seemed determined to ruin her pleasure. Sending his innocent little brother to do his nasty work! It was time, and past time, Alfreda decided, to give the villain his comeuppance!

So it was that the furious Mark was met by a raging little virago who was, if anything, angrier than he was. The little termagant did not even give him time to voice his disapproval and scorn.

“If you do not stop annoying my grandmother and myself, I shall have the law on you! I am sure there are statutes that forbid great insensitive bullies from persecuting defenseless females!”

“Defenseless!” snarled Mark. “That will be the day!” And then something about what she said penetrated the battering ram of his anger. “Grandmother?” he asked in a tone of pure shock; and then, contemptuously, “Grandmother? How have you managed to deceive this poor woman so vilely? She is no more your grandmother than I am!”

The dowager and Jeremy exchanged looks of pure delight. It was their mutual hope that nothing might occur to interrupt this fascinating exchange. The dowager wondered, briefly, if she should interject a few words to add fuel to the flame, but quickly decided that the combatants were doing very nicely without her assistance. Mark was speaking.

“I wouldn’t be so quick to bandy threats, you little sneak! Perhaps the law might be interested in the means by which you cozened this poor old lady into accepting you as her grandchild?” The word was a sneer.

The comment struck home, although not in the way Mark thought. The hot-tempered Alfreda had suddenly realized that she had let out the secret, done exactly what Lawyer North had warned her against. She cast a hasty glance around to make sure no one could overhear them. Had she brought trouble to Grandmama by her careless talk?

Her sudden caution, the hunted expression on her face, convinced Mark Savage that he had reason for his worst suspicions. He did not stop to ask himself why he should be so angry at this little deceiver—as though she were someone of whom he had expected better behavior. Instead he said coldly, addressing the dowager, “May I see you home, ma’am? I hope this little thief hasn’t robbed you of more than a few clothes!”

The dowager could not resist the opportunity. Her life had become so rich, so interesting, so utterly delightful since the arrival of her darling granddaughter, that she had not believed it could get any better. But this—! Like a melodrama on a stage, it was. Dark plots, conniving women, beautiful avenging men! Lady Amelia raised pitiful blue eyes to the hero-villain of this drama.

“Well, yes,” she faltered, with convincing concern. “There have been a few other things . . . .” Her glance went to the charming little necklace of pearls that had been Penelope’s coming-of-age gift, which she had given to darling Freddi for the tea party.

The man followed her glance, his frown darkening as he noted the delicate luster of the jewels.

“How could you?” he grated, glaring at Alfreda. “Even a girl of your sort should have scruples about robbing such a kindly, gentle old woman!”

There it was again! “A girl of your sort.” Alfreda’s hands clenched into fists as she faced the infuriating, pompous creature. But he had not finished. Pleased at her obvious reaction to his taunts, Mark went a step too far.

Lucky for this lady and me that you haven’t a mug of ale in your fist,” he goaded, then turned to the wide-eyed dowager.” She threw a mug of ale over me at an inn,” he explained, grimly.

“How . . . how uncivil of her!” Lady Amelia managed, fighting to suppress her laughter.

Jeremy, an interested observer, felt that the odds against this pretty, spirited little girl were too uneven. He said judicially, “I can’t say I find the action unwarranted, especially if Mark was speaking to her the way he is now. I should think a mug of ale was a mild reprisal.”

“Would you?” The dowager was determined to defend the most interesting young man she had met in years. Perfect for Freddi! “But to throw it at him? In a public inn? I should imagine quite a number of persons saw what happened. Persons one finds in a common room of an inn are hardly noted for their delicacy of behavior. They probably laughed their heads off at your brother. I am sure the poor fellow has every right to be furious.”

Alfreda stared from her grandmother to the young boy with a sense that she was taking part in a nightmare. How had the older woman and the youth gotten into what was surely a private battle? She looked at Mark, and found the same expression of disbelief and annoyance on his face that she felt upon her own countenance.

“While I am naturally grateful for your partisanship,” he said stiffly to the dowager, “I must beg your permission to retire, with the final warning against this conniving little wretch.” He bowed stiffly and, with a minatory glance at his treacherous little brother, prepared to depart.

The dowager could not bear the encounter to end so tamely.

“I . . . I believe I am . . . going to faint!” she cried, with surprising strength for one in such a state.

Mark turned back quickly, and caught her as she collapsed.

“Where is this lady’s carriage?” he demanded of the stunned girl.

Wordlessly, Alfreda led him to the place where Tom Coachman had let them off—with instructions to come back for them after the event was finished! Miserably, worried for the frail little woman lying so quietly in Mark’s big arms, she confessed that the carriage would not be waiting yet.

Scowling as though it were all her fault, Mark changed direction and led the small, silent procession toward his own smart curricle.

“Get in,” he told the girl sharply. “You will have to hold her while I drive. And direct me to where she lives.” He glanced at the grinning Jeremy, who had not had time to smooth out his expression. “I’ll see you back at the hotel, my lad.”

For the moment wordless, Alfreda hastened to take her position in the curricle and hold out her arms to receive the limp burden of her grandmother. While the man went around to the other side to mount, Alfreda cradled Lady Amelia gently against her shoulder. And then, to her surprise and annoyance, she caught a flash of a naughty smile on the pale lips. The girl set her jaw against any betrayal of the anger that flared up in her breast. How could Grandmama! Such a shabby trick! And above all, WHY?

To get that man to drive us home, she told herself after a moment’s thought. Wicked Lady Amelia! But of course it was impossible for her granddaughter to expose her naughty trick to the man’s scorn. Grimly Alfreda held her tricky relative against the jolting of the curricle as Mark Savage drove it home as though he could not get rid of them quickly enough.

When they reached Thorp House, Mark did not wait for Alfreda to summon the butler, but carried the dowager into the hall and up the stairs, ignoring the flustered behavior of the servants. Alfreda followed, soothing the staff almost absent-mindedly in her eagerness to reach the dowager’s room as quickly as the man who was carrying her. She darted ahead to open the door of the bedroom, and then stood aside to indicate the huge four-poster.

Mark laid his burden down gently. Then he turned to face the girl and the butler and dresser who stood in the doorway anxiously peering at their beloved mistress.

“Since you have feathered your nest so nicely,” Mark said in a frigid voice which was heard by every servant in the hallway, “Perhaps you’d better do something helpful to pay for the gifts you’ve choused from this poor old woman!” And he strode out of the room, scattering the clustering staff before him.

He became aware of rapidly moving footsteps behind him, and whirled with a sense of satisfaction. Wanted to quarrel, did she? He’d settle her hash for her! Mark thought crudely.

But when he faced the pursuer, it was to see a mature woman servant in a neat black gown, with a stern expression that boded ill for his own peace of mind. Almost fatalistically he heard Burton say, “You’d no right to speak so harshly to Lady Freddi. She’s the dowager’s granddaughter, and she’s brought more happiness into this house than’s been here for twenty years!”

Mark considered the flashing eyes and wondered whether to ignore the whole scene or face the issue. “Whether I believe you or not is beside the point, ma’am,” he said with a gentleness that would have surprised Alfreda. “It is clear that you believe her story, and that your mistress does so. I would only ask that you consider why the girl is wearing that hideous wig. There’s a wild red mop under it: I know.”

“I dyed Lady Freddi’s hair because her father would murder her if he knew she was in London—” began Burton angrily.

Mark held up a restraining hand. “Spare me these Cheltenham dramatics,” he begged. “If that wild tale doesn’t tip you off to the little minx’s unscrupulous intent, nothing will save you. I only wished to protect your mistress from a cozening sharp.”

He turned and walked down the great stairway without giving the dresser a chance to reply. Snow, very frozen of demeanor, held the door open. As he trod down the steps to his curricle, watched over by a footman, Mark wondered rather bitterly how many more times he would find himself confronting this maddening little troublemaker. What was she really doing in this elegant mansion? Couldn’t the silly old woman see through that tissue of lies? A murderous father, indeed! And then Mark Savage laughed so heartily that his horses’ ears pricked, and two passersby on the street stared at him. What a wild and wonderful imagination the little chit had, to be sure! Plus enough nous to fool women old enough to know better!

He wondered briefly if it was his duty to warn the old woman again; then he decided it was not.

When he reached the hotel in which he and Jeremy were staying, he found that the boy had gotten there before him. Jeremy was all agog to know the details of the rescue of the fainting woman, and asked some pretty sharp questions about the little charmer in the pink bonnet. Mark made a quick decision. He told Jeremy the whole story of the virago at the Pot O’Gold Inn, even including the tossed mug of ale. The boy could not hide his amusement.

“Got you rather neatly, didn’t she?”

“Neatly?” Mark howled. “She ruined my new coat!”

Jeremy carefully neglected to meet Mark’s fuming glance. “But you rather put her down in front of a lot of strangers, didn’t you?” he asked.

Mark hissed between his strong white teeth that he knew damned well where he’d like to put that conniving little so-an-so!”

Jeremy chortled with laughter he could not throttle. His life had been a great deal more fun since big brother Mark had taken control. He opined sagely that the girl was most likely a thief, out for what she could get, but then argued that since she seemed to be entertaining her Victim so well, it might be worth whatever trifles she could wrest from the Victim to let her stay on unmolested—especially since Mark had informed them all of the girl’s true nature.

Mark found this reasoning distasteful, but wasn’t quite sure why. It occurred to him that what he would really like to do would be to get the saucy little wretch in his power and shake the truth out of her!

Rather alarmed by his own vindictiveness—after all, it was only a topcoat that she had ruined—Mark decided to scout the neighborhood, discover the name of the Victim, and then make up his mind whether or not to tell the authorities.

Jeremy eagerly agreed to this bit of scouting, on condition that he be allowed to share the adventure.





It took them less than half a day to find a hackney driver, posted near the corner of the block, who could give them all the information they required. The brothers returned to their hotel to discuss further plans over a tasty dinner.

“A dowager duchess!” breathed Jeremy. “You would think she’d have more brains than to be taken in by some grubby thief!”

Although it had been his own opinion, Mark felt some discomfort at hearing it so crudely expressed. The little bluestocking at the inn had not seemed really vicious, just bad-tempered—which would naturally go with hair of that flamboyant color. And thinking of the hair—why would any woman in her right senses disguise that glorious crest under coarse black dye? Could there be any truth in the story? . . .

Tossing off the last of his ale, Mark damned himself for being as gullible a dupe as had ever tried to cash a draft on Aldgate pump.

While he was thus musing over his own fallibility, Jeremy made a comment that brought Mark to full alert.

“Roger Dorn’s in town with his old man. I saw them at the balloon ascension today.”

“Are you certain?” Mark had hoped to keep young Jeremy away from the vicious influence of that brutal lout. Was it a coincidence that the Dorns had come to London now? Chiding himself for being a nervous biddy, Mark still could not help but feel uncomfortable in the situation.

“Did he see you?”

“I don’t think so,” Jeremy answered slowly, “but I surely saw him. Well, I mean I saw his father’s red hair first, of course. Hard to miss that topknot! And then I noticed Roger standing beside him. They were both in a raging temper,” he concluded cheerfully.

Mark was sitting as though stunned, with his fork halfway to his mouth. Red hair! Could it be possible that there was some connection between Dorn and the little thief? Surely the earl would not find it necessary to send a spy into the home of a duchess? Slowly his fist tightened, as a resolve hardened in his mind.

“We are going on a hunt, Jerry,” he announced.

The youth was so pleased to receive a nickname from his impressive half brother that he would have agreed to any scheme, however harebrained.





Chapter 9



The Earl of Dorn and his son were at that moment calling upon Alfred’s old mistress, Roger’s mama. The little house that Alfred had bestowed upon Carlotta was surprisingly well-kept, Dorn thought, then sneered at his surprise. Carlotta had always been very conscious of her own comfort, and the gods knew she had had enough blunt out of him to keep her in a style to which she had never been accustomed before she met him! And no doubt many others had contributed during the past eighteen years.

Had it been that long? Wondered the earl as he waited for the bell to be answered. Perhaps the bitch had sold the bijou residence, and the lawyers would be unable to recover the money!

The door swung open. A heavy-set female loomed in the doorway, challenging the newcomers to state their business. There were enough remnants of her former dark beauty to tell Alfred that this was indeed the luscious Carlotta, rather the worse for time. A flash of recognition lit the woman’s dark eyes, but it was Roger who spoke first.

“You are my mother?” he said, casting a scathing glance over her too-ample proportions. He fell silent, his heavy face sullen.

Carlotta raised her eyebrows. “Just like his papa: no manners,” she commented, grinning.

The earl pushed his way past her into the hallway.

“Who is your latest . . . protector?”

“The best I’ve ever had,” Carlotta said crisply. “Myself.”

The earl looked more closely at her. Behind her, in the open doorway, Roger lingered, glowering. The woman was not too badly dressed in a purple gown that did its best for her bulging figure, Dorn decided.

“I run a boardinghouse,” she explained proudly. “For bachelors.”

The earl’s rakish grin showed all too clearly his interpretation of that announcement. “Then your—guests—will have to shift for themselves. I’m selling the house.”

“You’re doing what?” Carlotta’s voice rose to a screech.

“I’m selling it,” Dorn repeated. “You’ve had eighteen years free rent, woman. Don’t be greedy.” He was enjoying this.

“I’ll squeak beef!” Carlotta yelled. “I’ll tell everybody you switched—”

Before she could finish her threat, the earl had clapped his hand over his mouth and pushed her before him into the living room, snapping an order to Roger to shut the front door.

“Why do you think I’m selling up, you damned idiot?” he snarled. “I’ve got to get out of England, go to Spain, stay there until I die probably! And believe me, I need the money this place will bring.” He scanned the neatly kept room. “I didn’t know you had it in you to be such a good housekeeper, ladybird! When I knew you, you were careless and sloppy.” He laughed. “You’ve hired a maid to do the cleaning,” he said, guessing.

“Keep that up and I’ll kill you, you—!” Carlotta shrieked. “And don’t think I couldn’t do it! You’ve run to fat since last we met, haven’t you, you brandy-soaked sot?”

Strangely enough, it was Roger who deflated the drama of the moment.

“Shut up and use your heads,” he said roughly. “Yelling at each other isn’t going to get us out of this mess.”

Both faces turned toward this unexpected critic. Lord Alfred was the first to recover. “I suppose you’ve got a brilliant plan which will save the day?” he sneered.

Roger’s glance at his parents revealed all too clearly what he thought of them. “You’ve both wallowed in comfort for eighteen years because I kept the snooping, meddlesome Benedict off your backs until now . . . .”

“Not by any exercise of brains or skill,” taunted his father. “The top of your bent is fleecing young boys by wrecking their curricles!”

“I made a hundred pounds at it,” Roger reminded him. “That’s more than you can claim from any of your card-playing. You always lose!”

The earl grimaced at the shrewd hit. “Well, what’s your magic solution, then? Let’s hear it!”

Roger sucked in a deep breath. He discovered he was relishing the feel of power. “First,” he said slowly, “my mother will sell all the jewels she has come by and be ready to set out with us to Spain. Dorn will wait for the lawyers to dispose of this house, and any other valuables he hasn’t already put up the spout. As soon as we’ve got it all—” He stared at his father. “Can you be sure the Norths won’t squeak on you?”

“The flight to Spain was Thomas North’s idea,” said the earl, as much to deflate his overbearing son as to enlighten him.

Roger was not put off. “Then he’s got more sense than either of you two. Now why don’t you get going?”

“And what will you do, you nincompoop?” The earl was still smarting from the set down his hitherto disregarded son had given him.

Carlotta spoke sharply. “Less of that sort of talk, Dorn!” she advised. “Don’t forget it is your stupidity and bad management that has gotten us into this bumblebath!” She eyed her son with more interest than she had yet shown.” What’s your part in this, lad?”

“I intend to collect my little half sister and make sure she isn’t around to foul up my plans. My dear father swears that no one, not even the lawyers, suspects his trick with the children. If he’s right, we’ll be sure there’s no way to prove I’m not the real heir.” He scanned their irresolute expressions intently. “My dear mama will remain safe and comfortable in Spain until the present earl”—he grinned viciously “—hops off. After which I shall return to claim the dibs.”

Alfred, Lord Dorn, was shaking with rage. “You rotten little—” he began, striding toward the big hulking figure. “I’ll—”

Roger put one hand out and sent him staggering back. “You’ll what, cockylorum? Mill me down? I’d like to see you try it, you old windbag!”

Carlotta thrust her ample person between the combatants. “Shut up or I’ll scuttle both yer nobs! I mean it!” She waved a heavy brass candlestick in the air. Then, when the threat of a fistfight seemed to be decreasing, she went on softly, “The worst enemy you Dorn men have is yourselves. If you can force yourselves to act like sensible human beings for a few days, we may all come out of this with credit.”

“I’d rather have the cash.” Roger grinned, suddenly admiring his mother for the first time.

Lord Dorn was reluctant to accept Roger’s plan, but eventually agreed. “Just wait until I get safely out of the country before you try anything criminal,” he stipulated, pettishly.

Neither of the others bothered to listen to him.

“How are you going to find the girl?” asked Carlotta. “Has Dorn told you the name of the village he had taken her to?”

“She’s in London,” vouchsafed the earl.

Both his auditors glared at him. “You had her brought here?” screeched Carlotta. “Did you tell her who she is?”

“The woman I had her with died,” the earl explained grudgingly. “I told the lawyers to sell the place. They sent for her.” It hadn’t been quite like that, but it was all these two needed to know, Alfred thought with some resentment. It wasn’t his fault that the Green woman had died!

“Go to see the lawyers in the morning,” said Roger angrily. “Find out where she is and what they’ve told her!”

The earl gave him a sour look. “Who was your servant last year?” he snapped.

“You fool!” snarled Carlotta. “Don’t you see the girl could ruin everything for us? I think—”

I couldn’t care less what you think,” said Alfred Dorn, smiling nastily. “I am secure for my lifetime, if I go to Spain as Thomas advises. He’ll see I get my rents and whatever money he can salvage from the properties that aren’t entailed—”

“And when you’ve kicked the bucket?” demanded Roger. “What’s left for her and me then?” He nodded toward his mother.

Dorn made the mistake of laughing. “Oh, I’m sure you’ll think of something,” he uttered mockingly. “Carlotta always did have an eye to the main chance.”

“If you won’t see the lawyers, I will,” vowed Roger.

“You terrify me,” taunted his father, but he did indeed look concerned. “With your brains—or lack of ’em!—you’ll give away the whole shot before we can squeeze a groat out of ’em!” He gave an elaborate sigh, meanwhile thinking as fast as he could. “Oh, all right! I’ll call on the Norths tomorrow, and see what I can discover. Will that satisfy you?”

It didn’t, but Carlotta and Roger agreed to wait at least until the next day before trying any plans of their own.





Chapter 10



Jeremy, vastly proud of his growing expertise as a whipster, was more than happy to accept Mark’s generous suggestion that he tool the curricle in the park for an hour every day. But the day after the rescue of the fainting dowager, Jeremy headed in a different direction. It had occurred to him that his big brother was far more angry at the girl in the black wig than was normal for his easygoing temperament. Surely one spoiled coat, when he had so many, was not worth so furious and persistent an anger?

A few would-be casual questions had evoked such a scowl that Jeremy quickly changed the subject. Today, however, he had made a discreet inquiry as to the residence of the elderly victim—with a view, he hastened to add, to making sure she was still alive and recovering from her ghastly experience.

“Were you planning to send flowers?” snapped Mark, but he begrudgingly gave the requested information.

Gratefully accepting this lead, Jeremy spent almost all of his current pocket money upon a lavish bouquet, and then lost no time in driving to the duchess’s home. Soon he was pulling up in front of an elegant, small mansion. Securing his horses to a handsome bronze hitching post by the road, he clasped the bouquet to his chest and went to knock upon the heavy bronze ring on the front door. An elderly butler opened it.

“I have come,” explained Jeremy with his most ingenuous smile, “to pay my respects to the duchess and her granddaughter.”

“You’re a little young for either of ’em, me bucko,” said Snow with a genial lack of restraint quite uncharacteristic of him. “Who are ye—and what’s up?”

Jeremy began again. “My name is Jeremy Savage, and I am the younger brother of Mark Savage, who rescued the duchess when she fainted at the balloon ascension yesterday. We . . . thought it only civil to inquire . . . .” He waved the bouquet enticingly.

Snow permitted himself a grin at the likable schoolboy.

“Well, since you’ve spouted for so handsome a bouquet, I suppose I should at least discover whether Her Grace wishes to see you.” Snow looked beyond the youth at the hitched curricle. “I’ll send someone out to walk your horses. You won’t be long,” he added in explanation, “but they look a lively pair.”

Then he ushered the triumphant Jeremy into a small anteroom, bade him wait, and went off to inform the dowager of her unusual visitor.

Of course Lady Amelia commanded that the boy be brought to her boudoir at once, and sent Burton to make sure Freddi didn’t interrupt the meeting until the dowager had found out why the boy had come. “Oh, and send up food, Snow. You will know what a lad of that age would relish.”

Concealing a grin, the stately Snow trod the stairs back to Jeremy’s position, personally conducted him to the boudoir, and introduced him as formally as to the Regent.

Jeremy’s interest and veneration were as great as though he were indeed meeting his prince. He bowed, almost crushing the flowers, tendered them with a hesitant smile, and then bowed again. “Compliments of Mark Savage, Your Grace! With our wishes for your continued good health!”

“Nicely done, sprig,” said the dowager kindly. “Now why did you come here today?”

Jeremy stared hard into the wise, faded blue eyes. “I wanted to solve the mystery of the red-haired girl who threw the ale on Mark’s new coat,” he confessed. “And made him so angry that he can’t forget her. He says,” he added with a sly grin, “that she’s following him!”

Lady Amelia was betrayed into a chuckle, which her visitor joined. “Tell me all about Mark—and yourself, Jeremy.”

When an interested Snow himself brought the tray full of delicious goodies and a large mug of chilled orgeat ten minutes later, he found his mistress and the cocky youth sharing a laugh. Jeremy brightened at the sight of the food, and he hastily cleared a small table for the tray. Eyes sparkling, he passed a small plate to Lady Amelia, offered snacks, and then filled a plate for himself. Blissfully munching and sipping, he beamed at his hostess. “This is something I like,” he pronounced his verdict. “Thank you! I must admit I was getting sharp-set—driving Mark’s curricle, you know.”

Snow, smiling his own approval of the event, took his quiet leave. Lady Amelia summed up the boy’s account. “So your hot-tempered brother is determined to regard my poor grandchild as some sort of thief or criminal, is he? Well, I suppose after the rather odd introduction they had, he might wonder at her new status. But you may assure him, Jeremy, that Lady Freddi is indeed my granddaughter, child of my daughter, Penelope.”

“But why did she dye her hair? Mark says it was strikingly beautiful,” objected Jeremy. “And whatever was she doing in what my brother says is the dowdiest hat and coat he’s ever seen, sitting alone in an inn?” He saw the instant frown that hardened his hostess’s face, and said quickly, “Forgive me, ma’am, I’ve no right to ask! It’s just that Mark can’t seem to get your granddaughter out of his mind—and I’ve never seen him so angry, even at Roger Dorn!”

The old woman’s face lost color. “Dorn?” she whispered. “What have you to do with Alfred Dorn and his son?”

“His estate borders ours in the county, ma’am,” the youth hurried to explain. “Roger is forever getting me into scrapes! Mark always gets me out, but it makes him very angry that I am so gullible.” He sighed. “The last one was when Roger bet me one hundred pounds that he could beat me in a curricle race. Mark found out, and took my place. It seems Roger had had someone loosen the linchpin.”

“Was your brother injured?” gasped the dowager.

“No, only bruised,” confessed Jeremy ruefully, “but he was mad as a hornet. He made Roger crawl to pick up the hundred pounds.”

“The Dorns are wicked men,” said Lady Amelia, slowly. She could not be absolutely sure that this ingenuous boy was not, in fact, a skillful villain in the pay of Alfred Dorn. Staring hard into the youth’s eyes, she challenged, “You say you are neighbors. How can I be sure you are not—accomplices?”

“Of the Dorns?” Jeremy’s incredulity could not be false, Lady Amelia thought. “Mark despises them, and I . . . fear them.”

Studying that open countenance, the old woman made up her mind. “Alfred Dorn was the husband of my daughter, Penelope, and the father of Alfreda,” she said quietly, and then told the tale as Lawyer North had ferreted it out.

Jeremy’s jaw dropped during the recital. “He traded off his own darling daughter for that—that lout Roger?” he exclaimed, with such heat that the dowager quite fell in love with the charming lad. “What are you doing to get justice for her?” was his next question.

The dowager sighed. That question had been on her own mind ever since her darling Freddi had come into her life, bringing a sense of fun, of joy that it had lacked for too many years. “We are warned to be very careful,” she told the boy. “Lawyer North fears that the Dorns may do Freddi an injury if they discover she is here and that we know the truth.”

Instead of the laughing rejection that she hoped this statement might have evoked, her companion began to nod solemnly. “Roger is capable of anything,” he muttered. He stood up and came closer to his hostess’s chair. “What can we do? I am willing to help, ma’am! And I know Mark will be, too, when he learns what you have told me.” Jeremy paused, scowling. “I believe you ought to inform the Bow Street Runners, Ma’am. Roger will stop at nothing if he thinks his position is in danger!”

At this pregnant moment, Alfreda came into the boudoir, smiling shyly to greet the guest Snow had mentioned the duchess was receiving. When she saw Jeremy, she halted, cocked her head, and peered into the boy’s face. “You are That Man’s brother!” she said sharply. “Why have you come?” She glanced around the room to see if the obnoxious Mark was also present.

“This charming lad has brought us warning of Roger Dorn’s ruthless nature. It appears he tried to maim or kill Jeremy during a race he had challenged the young man to! Mark took over the wager and was badly bruised when the wheel fell off. Roger collected one hundred pounds—for winning the race!”

Alfreda’s eyes had widened with shock at this tale of raw brutality. It was no wonder Mr. North had warned them to avoid the notice of so vicious a pair as Roger and the Earl of Dorn! And to think that such people were—her family! Alfreda smothered a sob. Could her own father truly wish to see her dead?

“What—what are we to do?” she asked.

The dowager nodded decisively. “I am going to see Lawyer North this instant! She announced. “There must be something he can do to protect us. Perhaps once the matter is brought to public notice, those terrible men will be loath to act against us!”

“May I drive you, Your Grace?” offered Jeremy.

“Oh, do let us all go,” begged Alfreda. “In numbers there is strength, you know.”

“You may follow us in your curricle,” agreed the dowager. “I am not sure we can all crowd into it, so we shall perforce use my carriage.” And she shared a conspiratorial smile with the delighted Jeremy.





Chapter 11



Half an hour later an odd trio of clients was ushered into the inner chamber of the law offices of Thomas S. North and Son. Both men were present to deal with whatever problem had brought the Dowager Duchess of Calthorp, her granddaughter, and Jeremy Savage for an urgent consultation.

The matter was soon explained. Father and son exchanged sober glances in which alarm was tempered by caution.

“My first thought is to tell you to do nothing, Your Grace. Go down into the country where the duke’s family and servants can protect both of you until something can be officially proved. However,” he continued slowly, “I know that you and the present holder of the title have very little in common. Perhaps you would not care to ask for asylum from the present duke?”

“You are correct,” said Lady Amelia grimly. “He and his wife would not shed a tear if I died tomorrow—nor would they lift a hand to find me if I disappeared!”

“Which seems to settle that,” said Mr. North dryly.

“I should like to acknowledge Alfreda publicly—at the tea this afternoon, and at a Grand Ball as soon as we can get that awful black dye out of her hair!”

The lawyer cast a glance at the harsh black mop under the rosy bonnet but refrained from comment. “We may decide to make a public announcement,” he said thoughtfully. “I have collected enough material to prove our case, I believe. But I must warn you that if Dorn decides to contest the suit, Lady Alfreda will be subjected to a flood of most disagreeable publicity. You would both have to go into retirement in that case, I should think.”

“Then what is to be done?” asked Alfreda. “Grandmama knows I don’t wish for or need public recognition. It will be enough just to know that I am her daughter’s child, and that she loves me!”

The dowager leaned toward her and clasped her hand. Lawyer North cleared his throat. “There must be a way to secure your rights without exposing you to the sneers of the haut ton,” he said quietly. “I have persuaded the earl to go to Spain and take up residence there. If he agrees, and he seems to be ready to do so, his true heir, Benedict Dorn, will not press charges. When Lord Dorn leaves for Spain, Roger will surely go with him. And then we can introduce Lady Alfreda into society with no special fuss or fanfare.

“Oh, yes! I should like that,” agreed the girl eagerly.

Jeremy, following the discussion earnestly, felt compelled to interject a comment. “That course of action would not protect Lady Alfreda from Roger Dorn, Your Grace! I tell you, he is the most evil, brutal fellow—”

Both the Norths drew unobtrusive sighs of relief. It appeared that the ladies were willing to be guided by wiser heads than their own. If all went as planned, there would be no scandal, no threats to life or limb.

The conference ended with satisfaction all around, and the young Savage boy escorted the ladies out to their carriage and helped them into it. He stood for a moment exchanging good-byes before the coachman set off along the street. Then, with a sigh of relief, Jeremy turned to retrace his way to Mark’s curricle and drive himself back to the hotel to share the news of this most exciting day.

What none of the three observed was the heavy, dandified figure of the Earl of Dorn, who had also come to speak to his man-at-law, and had witnessed the departure of his mother-in-law, a girl who looked something like his former wife, and a young sprig whom he identified as the Savage boy.





The earl lingered in the arcade outside the offices until he could get his emotions under control. He knew, if Roger did not, how vital it was to make no false step at this crucial moment. What had the old hag been doing at the Norths’ chambers? Was it possible someone had talked? Carlotta? No, she was hinting that she wanted to go to Spain with him, and she’d keep sweet—and quiet!—until she was sure of him. And the girl! Could that be his daughter? He hadn’t noticed the red hair Mrs. Green had mentioned. Perhaps the girl was an abigail or a companion? And what was one of the Savage men doing with the dowager?

Warily the earl made his way up to the lawyers’ chambers. He had his story clearly in mind. He would not ask revealing questions, but perhaps he could pick up something. . . .

He was received with the usual correct courtesy by both the father and son. Dorn sensed a little hostility in the younger man’s attitude, but then young T. Samuel had always been a prickly pedant.

The earl lost no time in getting to business. “I am prepared to leave for Madrid as soon as passage can be arranged, and a suitable sum of money and credit provided for my comfort while I am there. You will see to the sale of the bijou residence in Regis Crescent, and any other properties not entailed to Benedict Dorn.”

“And Roger? Your son is to go with you?” queried the lawyer. He would not put it past the earl to abandon the illegitimate son without qualms; still, it was within the role of ignorance, which he hoped to play out for the earl’s benefit, to treat Roger as the heir.

Dorn’s swollen, dissolute countenance did not reveal anything to the careful scrutiny of the Norths. “My son hasn’t decided yet what he wishes to do. He may come with me, to see that I am comfortably settled in Madrid; then he may return here to keep the family seat open and the servants on their toes.”

“I had hoped we might substantially reduce the number of servants at Dorn,” commented the senior North. “That way we might eke out a little more cash for your use.”

The earl nodded slowly. “Yes, that is satisfactory. You must do the best you can with rents and the sale of properties. And now there is one more very important matter you have not yet reported on: my illegitimate daughter. Where is she at this moment?”

“I advised her to return to her village of Little Weald and find work among people who know her,” said the senior North blandly. “We may even be able to provide her with a small monthly stipend—just to keep her down there and—happy.”

The earl felt an enormous surge of relief. Apparently the girl hadn’t found out the truth about her parentage. A sudden thought struck him. Roger had been more sullen than usual today, muttering darkly about making sure the slut didn’t squeak. . . . Better tell the fellow all’s bowmon, Dorn decided. Knowing Roger’s ungovernable temper and nasty ways, he didn’t put it past him to do something unpleasant to the chit. And while that might have to be the ultimate solution, it hardly seemed worthwhile taking the risk when matters were so well in hand. Musing pleasantly upon a future in which he might return safely to England, Lord Dorn made his way to the nearest tavern for a brandy.





Jeremy arrived back at the hotel to find an irate big brother waiting in their rooms.

“Let me have it,” instructed Mark grimly. “Have you wrecked my curricle?”

Jeremy presented an innocent face. “No, sir! It’s safe in the hotel stableyard.”

“Then what have you been doing for three hours?” roared Mark. He was unwilling to admit to the dark surmises that had made the last two hours wretched: visions of Jeremy broken and bloodied in a gutter, the horses lost or stolen, the curricle wrecked . . . and now this little villain grinning as though nothing had happened—Mark caught himself up. Nothing had happened! He heaved a deep, relaxing sigh. What it was to be in loco parentis! He managed a grin. “Well, spill it! Where have you been for three hours, while your aged sibling went slowly insane worrying about you?”

Jeremy grinned his delight. “I’ve been visiting with your . . . friend, Lady Alfreda Dorn,” he said smugly.

At once the storm clouds returned to Mark’s brow. “You have what?” he shouted.

Jeremy chuckled. “I took your advice and got a large bouquet of flowers for the dear old lady who fainted in your arms,” he said loftily.

Mark was more interested than he dared to admit. Assuming a casual air that utterly failed to deceive the wicked Jeremy, he drawled, “How were they—that is, was she?”

“They,” repeated Jeremy, “were well. In fact, I persuaded the dowager duchess to tell me the whole story.”

“It is a pack of lies,” said Mark with a show of indifference that fooled nobody.

“You would impugn the word of a Peeress of the Realm?” teased his wicked half brother.

Mark failed to repress a wide grin. “Open the budget, youngling!” he commanded. “It seems you have important news to impart!”

Jeremy lost no time in explaining the whole situation. Mark, at first openly skeptical, soon became absorbed in the devious tale, and was frowning heavily by the time Jeremy had finished his account of the morning’s activities.

“They actually let you go to the lawyers’ office with them?” he demanded.

“I think the duchess likes me,” admitted the boy modestly.

Mark hardly listened to the comment. “The Dorns!” he murmured. “Can we never get away from their filthy manipulations? And now that they are aware that—that she is in London, who knows what vile schemes they’ll concoct!”

“I promised the duchess we would protect them,” Jeremy lied, his gaze fixed on his big brother’s scowling countenance.

The response was all he could have hoped for.

Mark clapped one big fist into the other palm decisively. “You were right!” he agreed. “When are we to call upon them—to discuss strategy,” he explained, having caught Jeremy unprepared for so prompt an acceptance of his ruse.

“Why, I should think the sooner the better,” faltered the boy.

Since this agreed perfectly with Mark’s own wishes, the two brothers went down to the dining room for a quick nuncheon—“just to give us strength,” Jeremy explained. Within half an hour they were driving to the residence of the dowager duchess.

They were a little alarmed by the sight of several carriages being driven slowly up and down the street, but the real shock awaited them when Snow ushered them into a huge living room which was literally filled with beautifully dressed, shrilly conversing females! Even more devastating, all conversation ceased abruptly at Snow’s announcement; all eyes turned toward the solitary males who were too far into the room to escape unnoticed. To cap it all, the treacherous Snow closed the great double doors behind him as he left.

A pretty girl with a crown of harshly black hair came swiftly toward them, a smile pinned on her rosy face. Mark Savage forced himself to meet Alfreda’s challenging gaze. Rather tensely he squared his shoulders.

“You do well to quail,” Alfreda gritted between set teeth, the smile still fixed in place.

“At least you are not carrying a mug of ale this time,” Mark retorted wickedly.

Jeremy chuckled.

“Do let me give you a cup of tea, Mr. Savage,” said Alfreda too sweetly. “Hot tea!”

Mark had taken enough from this little virago. “I should like that,” he dared her, his eyes threatening reprisals.

Turning with a smile to young Jeremy, Alfreda took his arm and led him to greet the dowager. Mark perforce followed, promising himself that he’d speak to young Jerry for bamboozling him into this tea party.

The dowager made a great deal of fuss over the two solitary male guests. She insisted on introducing them to all her elderly bosom-bows, who professed themselves pleased to meet such charming young men. Then Alfreda, compounding the crime, brought up all the smartest of the younger women to meet Mark. This strategy, if she intended it to result in Mark’s embarrassment, failed lamentably. The wretched man caught on at once to her ploy, and refused to show either discomfiture or mortification. Instead he played the gallant to the top of his bent, quite enchanting the younger women, and setting a predatory gleam in the eyes of the older, more experienced ones.

After fifteen minutes of this elegant wordplay, with Mark’s compliments flying and being met with complacent or pleased smiles, Alfreda had had enough. Breaking firmly into the latest in a series of flirtatious exchanges, she took Mark by the arm and with the merest of unconvincing excuses, led him away to a quiet corner near the rear windows.

“Not a convincing show of savoir faire,” Mark said with a smirk. “Getting jealous, Redhead? And what happened to those carroty curls, anyway?”

“I should like to—to strangle you,” hissed Alfreda. “What are you doing here, you wretch?”

“Jeremy told me you and your grandmother needed our protection,” Mark explained, as to one lacking perceptivity. “Your grandmama wished us to come.”

That stopped Alfreda, but only for a minute. Peering suspiciously up into his dark, smiling face, she muttered, “I am afraid I don’t believe you! Why would she do such a thing . . . and not warn me?”

“She thought you might cut up rough and spoil her tea party?” hazarded the enraging creature. His grin was a flash of white teeth against his sun-darkened skin, and the sight of it set an odd trembling going in Alfreda’s stomach.

“You have a wicked smile,” she said—and then could have cut out her tongue at the betrayal.

Mark was watching her with eyes that sparkled with laughter. “Go on! Tell me more!” he urged.

“I will strangle you!” Alfreda announced.

“Moderate your voice while uttering threats,” the wicked man advised her. “You are attracting the attention of that very pretty little debutante who has been eyeing us for the last five minutes.”

“Eyeing you, you mean,” snapped Alfreda. “She and I cannot bear each other!”

“You are longtime enemies?” teased the man.

“I met her for the first time this afternoon,” admitted the girl. “It was hate at first sight.”

Mark’s burst of full-throated laughter attracted the very attention Alfreda had dreaded. It seemed to the girl that every eye in the room had fastened on the big, dashingly handsome male, and some of the ladies were managing to drift a little closer, eager to hear what was making the big man laugh. Observing her darling Freddi’s embarrassment, the dowager brought two of her best friends across the room to meet Mark and rescue the girl from the situation she had placed herself in.

After a few moments of pleasant small talk, Lady Amelia said cheerfully to Mark, “I am sure you have had quite enough of this feminine chitter-chatter, Mr. Savage. We shall expect you and young Jeremy to dine with us tonight, at which time you can tell us what brought you here this afternoon. For I am sure you didn’t really expect to attend a tea party!”

Amid the soft titter of feminine laughter, Alfreda’s shocked “No!” sounded as loud as a pistol shot. Surely this arrogant, cruel male would not be intending to push himself further upon their privacy? Why had he come in the first place? Why, to embarrass her, for sure! Quite ignoring the fact that Mr. Savage had behaved with exemplary courtesy, made himself agreeable to all and sundry, and in every way acted the perfect guest, Alfreda was convinced that the villain had some hidden purpose, most likely a desire to ruin her and her dear grandmother in front of all her friends!

In the awkward little silence that fell after Alfreda’s loud rejection, Lady Amelia collected her wits and endeavored to save the situation. “No,” she agreed in a firm, carrying voice, “we cannot accept a refusal, Mr. Savage! You must humor us, and take your supper with us this evening.” Her commanding glance left no chance of discussion or refusal. Mark bowed gracefully.

“As ever, ma’am, your wish is my command!” His bright, challenging glance took in Alfreda’s stormy expression. “Anything to please you—both!” And then he took a smiling and graceful leave of the charmed group of ladies, who were agog over the little contretemps, and would eagerly discuss the details later—as Alfreda well knew!

What was he up to? Making fun of her in front of all the fashionables in London! No thanks to wily Mr. Savage if Frederica MacDarling did not become the jest of London! She determined grimly that she would starve to death before coming down to any dinner Mark Savage attended.





Alfred, Lord Dorn, arrived at his town house rather the worse for his libations. Roger, who had been anxiously awaiting his father’s return from the lawyers’ office for some hours, was enraged to behold the earl’s unsteady step and smell the reek of cheap brandy. Pulling the older man over to a chair, he thrust him roughly into it and went for a glass of ale. Forcing it upon the reluctant Lord Dorn, he waited impatiently until his father had drunk half of it and then demanded, “Well? How did it go? What did you find out?”

Lord Dorn hiccupped. Then, fixing his recalcitrant son with a wary eye, he managed to say that all was bowmon; the noddleheads suspected nothing; the girl was back in Little Weald. The earl realized that that was not exactly what North had said, but it was close enough. He had no wish to quarrel with the belligerent Roger at the moment.

Roger was mollified but not completely convinced. He stood glaring down moodily upon his drunken father, his huge hands clenching and unclenching with frustration and suspicion. Finally, well aware that he would get no more sense out of the old sot that night, he caught up his hat, took the money that was left in his no-snoring father’s purse, and slammed out of the room. He had decided to forget the old fool’s cautious warnings and do some investigating of his own. And if the facts were not as Lord Dorn had said, then Roger Dorn was the man to handle the situation!





Chapter 12



As he and a delighted Jeremy were ushered into Lady Amelia’s house that evening, Mark had resolved to be on his best behavior, whatever provocation the little mix offered him. He would first discover the truth—all of it—from the dowager, and then he would most magnanimously offer to help, even though he disapproved of her so-called granddaughter and wouldn’t trust the little witch as far as he could throw her. Imagining the logistics of this special exercise brought such a devilish grin to his face that the dowager, greeting him in the drawing room, was captivated all over again.

Not so Alfreda. Dragooned by her insensitive relative to attend the dinner, she managed to look scornful, disapproving, and polite at the same time, a masterly performance.

Lady Amelia kept the conversation on innocuous subjects until dinner was announced by Snow, who was as delighted as Jeremy at the festivities. The meal was superb, every servant in the kitchen from the chef down bending every effort to make the first male guest in donkey’s years glad he had come. Speculation was rife that the young man—really very handsome and obviously not short of a penny or two!—might be preparing to offer for Lady Freddi.

Snow, superintending the footmen as they served the meal, kept a weather eye upon the faces of the diners, and as the evening advanced, his hopes were shaken. While the dowager and young Jeremy were enjoying themselves enormously, and the big gentleman was everything that could be expected, Lady Freddi was behaving like a skittish mare. Snow, who really admired the girl who had brought so much light and happiness to the gloomy house and life of his mistress, was compelled to give her a warning glance or two as she sat, stubbornly silent and frowning.

Rather unexpectedly, Mark rose to the challenge.

“Lady Alfreda,” he began, “I think for Lady Amelia’s sake we should clear the air. It cannot be pleasant for her to watch you behaving so badly to her guests.”

Alfreda’s head came up with a jerk of outrage. “How dare you—” she began angrily.

“I dare because I care for Lady Amelia . . . and I believe that you do, too.”

This frank speech halted the angry girl. She closed her mouth on the quarrelsome reply she was about to make, and then, more quietly, she said, “Yes, I do care deeply for my grandmother, and I am sorry if I have caused her discomfort. It is just that you always make me so angry—!”

The wretch had the audacity to grin. He knows what that white, flashing smile does to me—to any woman, hastily amended the girl. But catching the avidly interested glances of the dowager and Jeremy, to say nothing of the almost catatonic stillness of Snow and the two footmen, Alfreda was forced to acknowledge that this was hardly the time to indulge past spite or rake up old hurts. Forcing her warmest smile onto her lips, Alfreda said graciously, “We are most interested to learn what it was that brought you and Jeremy to visit us this afternoon.”

The dowager, Jeremy, and the servants breathed freely once more. Mark, however, was still to be placated.

“Since my brother had the pleasure of escorting Lady Amelia to the chambers of her men-at-law, we have been deeply concerned at one aspect of this—situation.”

“Only one?” prodded Alfreda, too sweetly.

Mark ignored this unworthy effort. “We happen to know a good deal about the Dorns, and none of it to their credit,” he began soberly. “Their estate runs with ours in Essex, and we have found them, over the years, to be undesirable neighbors, to say the least.”

“Roger Dorn is like an animal,” Jeremy offered.

“He has no sense of fitting behavior,” agreed Mark slowly, not wishing to frighten the ladies too badly, yet aware that he must warn them of their great risk.

Snow, well knowing that such private and personal matters should not be overheard by servants, gestured the two footmen out of the room. When they had gone, he glanced at his mistress.

“You may stay, Snow,” she said quietly. “It is well that my majordomo should be warned of our dangers.”

“The better to protect my lady,” vowed the old butler, with deep feeling.

Mark took up the tale. “The Dorns will stop at nothing to gain an advantage. Roger had my curricle tampered with so that he could win one hundred pounds on a race against Jeremy. And if I read this situation correctly, what you are doing, Lady Amelia, will affect the Dorns a great deal more drastically than the loss of a few pounds.”

He waited, knowing that he could not pry further. If they were going to confide in him, let him help them, the next move must come from them. It did not occur to him to wonder why he should be so anxious to help a fiery little bluestocking who was also more than likely an impostor.

Lady Amelia was regarding the Savage men with admiration and some considerable affection. “We appreciate your concern” she said. “What should we do, do you think?”

Mark’s tense muscles relaxed for the first time that evening. “If you would care to confide in me,” he offered. Let us finish here, and then hold a council of war in the library. We shall have our coffee there, Snow, if you please.”

When they were at length seated in a circle, and the coffee cups had been laid aside, the dowager told her guests the whole wretched tale as the Norths had ferreted it out. Mark and Jeremy had already had clues and inklings, but the full story appalled them. “To do such a thing to his own little baby daughter!” Jeremy fumed. “The man isn’t human!”

“He is greedy and self-indulgent,” added the dowager. “My husband should never have agreed to the match! All that brute wanted was Penelope’s dowry—and an heir.” She stifled a sob. “My poor Penelope—given to that monster! And now Freddi must acknowledge him as her father, or be scorned as illegitimate!”

Alfreda tried to soothe her grandmother. “But dearest Grandmama, I have you, and your love! I promise you that is the greatest joy I can conceive!” She came over to kneel at her grandmother’s side and hold her hand.

Mark brought a sobering note to this affectionate scene. “If those two were the only alternatives, I would admit you have a hard problem to solve . . . but I am afraid there is more.”

He had everyone’s full attention now. Three worried faces turned to his, eyes demanding that he go on.

“It is my belief that the Dorns will try to—to destroy your granddaughter if they believe their trick has failed,” he told them.

“You mean—kill her?” breathed Lady Amelia, eyes wide with horror. “But not even Roger Dorn could be so criminally vicious! His own sister!”

“Who will prevent him from inheriting the estates,” added Mark. “As I understand it, Lord Dorn has wasted his whole inheritance, and must make indentures upon the entailed portions of the estate. But his cousin Benedict, the heir in truth, has become very suspicious and is threatening Lord Dorn’s peace. Any hint that Roger is not the true heir would result in an instant freezing of cash and credit—and the possibility of a criminal prosecution would destroy both Dorns. Do you really think two such brutes will stand idly by and let something like that happen?”

After a grim silence, Lady Amelia ventured a question.

“What should we do?”

“Do you have a place of real safety, such as the main home of the present Duke of Calthorp?” Mark asked.

“Mr. North suggested that,” admitted the duchess. “I was forced to tell him that the present holder of the title has no time for me, or anyone connected with me. He and my husband enjoyed a mutual dislike that amounted to hatred in the latter years.”

“There is no friend . . . ?” began Mark, and then corrected himself. “But of course we cannot have you imposing upon your friends in such a personal—dangerous!—affair. I do have an idea, but I am not sure of its value,” he ended, hesitantly.

“Anything that would help us,” urged the dowager.

“You could both come down, with your most trusted servants, to my home. We could keep your presence secret,” he went on, warming to the idea. “I in turn could hire a few extra stout fellows to act as guards. Meanwhile, we would have told your lawyers what we were doing. Also, we should call in at Bow Street—”

“And thus inform all London of what is going on,” snapped Alfreda, who had been growing more and more nervous and annoyed during this conversation. “There is one very simple solution that seems to have escaped your razor-sharp mind, Mr. Savage. I shall find a comfortable position with some large, county family, perhaps as governess to their children, for Mrs. Green taught me well in all the conventional disciplines. There I shall live as Miss Green, a threat to no one, not even my grandmother.” She waited for their comments. They were not long in coming. In fact, it was a race to see who should be first to file objections. Mark beat the others.

“How stupid can a young female get?” he stormed, with quite inappropriate heat. “How long do you think it would take a determined murderer to find you? After all, I found you several times—and I am no murderer,” he added, catching the look of horror on each woman’s face.

Alfreda was so angry that she hardly waited for him to finish. “But of course we know why that happened!” she sneered. “You are convinced that I was following you! I would certainly not be following the Dorns!”

Mark’s glance at his mouthy young brother boded ill for a future reckoning. With a visible effort, he controlled the sense of panic that threatened to overwhelm even his anger at this maddening little wretch. He appealed to Lady Amelia.

“Can we adults not settle this matter without any further vaporings from the children?” he demanded unforgivably. “Will you accept my hospitality, Your Grace? I assure you, you will be safe and comfortable.”

“But the Dorns are right next door!” wailed Jeremy, all the old fears of his burly brute of a neighbor rising.

The dowager seemed to be made of sterner stuff. She began to nod. “That might do very well,” she admitted, with the little half smile Alfreda had come to dread. What was darling, naughty Grandmama planning? thought Alfreda in despair. If she establishes us in That Man’s very house, I shall never be able to be free of him! And then, wondering why it should be so important to keep a safe distance between herself and the provocative Mr. Savage, she stared very hard at the face of her tormentor.

With a quickly drawn breath she acknowledged that he was the most beautiful, the most splendid, the most . . . his gray eyes were shining silver in the light, made the more remarkable by the fringe of thick dark lashes and the heavy black eyebrows. And his mouth—! Hastily Alfreda removed her gaze from that fascinating structure to a safe area. His shoulders? Magnificent in another of those modish coats he favored. Before her wayward glance could lead her into more embarrassment Alfreda fixed her attention on her grandmother’s face. And as she met that loving, gentle glance, she understood the cause of her unease.

She was falling in love with That Man! And Grandmama knew it!

The same did not apply to Mark Savage, that was clear. He was glaring at her with extreme distaste. Ignoring Jeremy’s objections and her grandmother’s tentative agreement with the plan, Alfreda tried once more to avert the tragedy.

“There must be something else we can do!” she protested. “This is like—like burning down the house to dislodge a rat!”

“Roger Dorn is more dangerous than any rat you are ever likely to meet, Lady Alfreda,” Mark snapped. He was beginning to wonder how he had got himself trapped in this melodramatic imbroglio. If he didn’t know how dangerous Roger was he would fling himself out of the house and away from the idiotish female who was about to plunge herself and her dear old grandmother into disaster.

Feeling happily superior to the addlepated Alfreda, Mark turned graciously to the older woman. “Do you accept my invitation, then, Your Grace?” he asked smoothly.

The dowager, carefully concealing her satisfaction at this desirable development, smiled graciously and said, to Alfreda’s dismay, “Thank you, yes. I think that might be our safest course, at least until the Dorns are firmly established in Spain. Which is where Mr. North tells us they are going.”

Mark said all that was hospitable and supportive in response.

Alfreda and Jeremy, for very different reasons, gazed at one another with total consternation.





Having secured the dowager’s consent, Mark proceeded without delay to carry out his plan. First warning the other three not to breathe a word—not a syllable!—about their decision, he asked Lady Amelia what acceptable pleasure jaunt might be mentioned to friends and the servants to cloak their real destination.

“For there will be no use in taking these measures to protect you, if one of you blabs to the servants some wild tale—” And his minatory glance rested on the fuming Alfreda.

“We shall all be mum as oysters,” agreed Lady Amelia happily.

Grandmama is enjoying this, Alfreda thought. She really isn’t taking it seriously. It was evident that the dowager had not had as much fun in a long time; she was fairly blooming under the stimulus of this cloak-and-dagger scheme of Mark Savage’s. Still, the girl dared not disagree with the plan. There might be truth in the man’s fears for their safety. He did know the Dorns; it appeared he had ample reason to distrust them.

That is my father—my half brother—we are accepting as two ruthless, dangerous men! she told herself, but she could find no self-condemnation in the bitter judgment.

Lady Amelia decided that she would announce that she and her cousin, Lady Freddi MacDarling, would be called to the bedside of the latter’s dangerously ill father in the Shetland Isles. This would accord with the introduction Lady Amelia had given Alfreda at the tea party, and would be a valid reason for a long journey and a lengthy stay.

The dowager did not discuss the possibility that some of the servants might know better. She knew she could trust Snow to keep a still tongue in his head, and Burton would of course come with them.

With the date of departure set for the following morning, Mark and Jeremy took their leave. They were so anxious to get the project in train that neither of them noticed a hulking figure standing among the trees in the small park that centered the square.





Chapter 13



Lady Amelia dispatched a note to the Norths after Mark and Jeremy left. She felt it only sensible to let her lawyers know what measures were being taken to insure Alfreda’s safety, in view of the fact that the ladies’ sudden departure might cause the Norths some alarm.

Not unexpectedly, both father and son arrived at Thorp townhouse within the hour. Young Samuel obviously disapproved of a jaunt to the wilds at this crucial time. His father thought it a sound protective measure. When, however, the real destination was disclosed, both Norths were dubious. Shetland was one thing; very few persons would think to check on the ladies at that distance. An estate which directly adjoined the Dorns’ was something else again.

“You are placing yourselves within the tiger’s mouth!” fretted Samuel. His minatory glance at Alfreda showed clearly who he thought was the originator of that dangerous plan.

“Perhaps the tiger will not be looking for his prey so close to his own lair,” suggested the dowager. “Did you not tell me the Dorns are presently residing in London? And that they plan to go to Spain very shortly?”

“That is so, Your Grace,” admitted Thomas North. “At least Lord Dorn is going. The plan for his son is not so clear-cut.”

Alfreda frowned. “Are we not allowing the possibility of danger from my—from the Dorns to assume too important a place in our thinking? I find it hard to believe that any man would deliberately plan to—to murder his own child! Would he not rather pay her to stay out of his way?”

Three pairs of eyes focused on the author of this naiveté.

“Mr. Savage has promised to take excellent care of us,” the dowager explained. “He knows the character of the Dorns,” she added. “Having had a very unpleasant experience with them himself lately.”

“I am sure Mr. Savage will do all in his power to protect you both,” Thomas North said. “And perhaps that would be, in the long run, better than bringing in the Runners and making a public spectacle of all of you.” But he did not look entirely convinced.

“I told him Lady Alfreda had agreed to return to Little Weald and find work. I even suggested that I could eke out a few pounds occasionally to keep you settled there,” added the senior North. “It seemed to satisfy Lord Dorn.”

Thanking Lady Amelia for sharing her true destination with him, Thomas promised to keep them informed of any developments. Then the lawyers took polite leave of the ladies, with young Samuel casting a final, dissatisfied look at the remarkably pretty little Alfreda. He wished that it might be himself who was taking care of her safety, but when he confided this thought to his father, the latter told him to leave heroics to those who thrived upon such exotic fare.

“You are much too level-headed to engage in such havey-cavey activities,” he said firmly.

Samuel, who thought it was a compliment, agreed with a solemn nod.





Alfreda hardly said good-bye. When the Norths had gone, Lady Amelia turned a perceptive glance at her granddaughter.

“Something is bothering you,” she said gently. “Is it young North?”

Alfreda could never wish to deceive her darling grandmama. “It suddenly came over me that my—my father didn’t even try to meet me . . . see what I have grown to be—” Her throat tightened so that no further words emerged.

With a little cry of sympathy, Lady Amelia took the girl into her arms. “Oh, my dearest, darling Freddi!” She rocked the slight, trembling figure comfortingly in her arms. “Alfred Dorn isn’t worthy to be your father. He didn’t deserve my Penelope, either! The only thing that compensates me for having let that brute marry her, is you, dear heart! I must forgive his terrible flaws because he gave me my darling granddaughter!”

After a comforting cry together, both women felt much refreshed, their tensions relieved. The dowager was the first to recover.

“We must put Burton into the picture at once,” she announced, drying her eyes. “There is so much to be done if we are to take off into the wilds of Essex, and we have fewer than twenty-four hours to accomplish everything! I have notes to write—Ye gods! Cissie Denbey’s reception is tomorrow! We intended introducing you to some of the more acceptable young men of the ton!”

Alfreda was able to chuckle. “They should be thankful they were spared the ordeal!” she said wryly. “I am not much of a bargain, am I?”

Her grandmother eyed her sternly.” No more of this missish behavior, my dear! If you don’t know by now what a darling you are, you’re more of a ninnyhammer than I thought!”

Which confusing remark set Alfreda to laughing, as her doting grandparent had hoped it would.

The rest of the day passed in a blur of packing, unpacking, and getting in Burton’s way until she roundly accused them of interference and told them to go and bother someone else for a change. This unexpected freedom of speech so delighted the dowager that she explained the whole situation to the enthralled dresser, and concluded with the information that Burton was to accompany them to the Savage estate in Essex, but that no one else on the staff was to have even an inkling of their true destination.

“Not even Snow?” breathed Burton, predictably.

“Of course he must know what is happening, so that he can fob off the curious,” said Lady Amelia. “We can trust his discretion, do you not agree?”

When summoned to the dowager’s boudoir and made conversant of the facts, Snow rose to the occasion as his mistress had predicted. “Most sensible of you, m’lady,” the old man said, a wistful light in his eyes. “I wish I were not needed here to stave off the rascals,” he added. “I should be proud to attend you.”

“You will know how to protect us,” affirmed the dowager. “Have you the story straight?”

“Lady Freddi’s father dangerously ill in the Shetlands,” Snow recapitulated. “Devoted daughter rushing off to render assistance.” They could see he relished the drama of the situation.

“You’ll do the thing.” Lady Amelia smiled. “Oh, Snow, isn’t it—exciting?”

On that note of rather youthful exuberance, the party returned to its several duties.

They made what they hoped was an unobtrusive departure very early the following morning. By some arrangement that Alfreda had not heard, Jeremy Savage arrived to accompany the ladies in the dowager’s comfortable carriage.

“I wanted to be your outrider,” he explained, as they began to roll away from Thorp House. “But Mark said I might be too noticeable on a prancing white charger!”

Even Burton was compelled to laugh at his playful high spirits.





In point of fact, their clandestine exit was noted by the heavy-built, hulking figure who had spent most of the last two days lurking among the bushes in the small enclosed park that centered the square. Since none of the owners of the fine old houses had young children who might wish to play in the park, there had been no one to observe Roger Dorn during his vigil. As for that young man, he had no patience for his father’s casual attitude toward the threat the girl posed. Why should the old fool worry, Roger thought. He’s safe enough! I am the one who stands to lose everything if this little bitch can prove herself!

It pleased him very much that the escort chosen for this furtive flight should be young Jeremy. Roger grinned viciously. He’d enjoy roughing up that little sprout! Easier work than tackling the insolent Mark! Roger hurried to the bushes where he had tied his horse, and began to follow the dowager’s very distinctive coach out of London.





Chapter 14



When they stopped for a neat little nuncheon later that morning, everyone’s spirits were high. Lady Amelia insisted that Burton eat with the others. “I am not going to risk your being pumped by the innkeeper’s wife,” she said frivolously.

Burton, who knew her own worth and discretion, was willing to join the laugh.

Only Alfreda felt an odd sense of discomfort. Could it be because she feared spending time in the company of the aggressive Mark Savage? Just how long would they be expected to stay hidden away in his mansion in Essex, she wondered. It was not long before her grandmother caught a hint of her distress.

Lowering her voice, the old woman asked, “What is it, Freddi? What has disturbed you?”

Flashing a loving glance at her perceptive relative, Alfreda shrugged her shoulders and smiled. “Nothing, really. Just a foolish sense of worry. . . . It all went so smoothly this morning. Too smoothly?”

“Perhaps we had worked ourselves up into a rather dramatic state over the matter,” began the dowager, frowning.

But Jeremy, face wiped clear of laughter, stared at Alfreda with alarm. “Did you notice anything? Are we being followed?”

Not for the first time, Alfreda wished that the arrogant Mark had chosen to accompany them, instead of sending his young brother. She hastened to reassure the other members of the party.

“It’s nothing, really! Perhaps the idea that we must hide away from someone who wishes to do me harm—I expect I am just a little nervous.”

“Goose walked over your grave?” teased Jeremy with an amazing lack of tact. Then he turned a painful red, and stammered his apologies.

Alfreda spared him. Smiling, she told him he’d better learn to accept the vaporings of females if he planned on being a knight on a white charger. This gave the rest of the party an opportunity to change the subject into a discussion of whether there actually had been knights on white chargers, and if so, what exactly they had been expected to do.

The feeling of unease did not leave Alfreda, however, and as they were climbing into the dowager’s comfortable carriage again, the girl cast a searching look along the road they had come. There was nothing in the least suspicious: a couple of farmer’s carts, a few curricles being tooled along by drivers who looked nothing like the hulking brute who had been described to her by Jeremy. Sighing with relief, she allowed the youth to help her into the carriage.

She might have felt more alarm had she known that Roger, wily as an animal, had figured out that Jeremy was taking the women to his own home. Why this should be the case, he had no idea. The only thought in his mind, as he went ahead of the dowager’s party toward his own home, was that this way it would be easier for him to accomplish his purpose.

Which was to kidnap the girl who stood between him and a life of comfort, pleasure—and security. Roger’s heavy features were set in grim determination as he contemplated the results if he failed to get rid of the girl. He had already decided when to make his move. The party, dawdling along under the control of the old woman’s ancient coachman, would never try for the Savage estate that night. So, they would be forced to put up at an inn. Since the route was familiar to Roger, he had a pretty good idea which hostelry Lady Amelia’s coachman would choose. It was an elegant place, whose prices were too steep for the average traveler. The thing was to get his hands on the girl before they reached the comparative safety of the public inn. Darkness would cover his action. Roger nodded his satisfaction with his own planning, and put his horse to the gallop.





Dusk came early in the south of England at this time of year, Alfreda was thinking. She gazed idly out of the window, enjoying the country freshness of the scenery.

“I hope this is not too tiring for you, Grandmama,” she said, smiling at the older woman’s pink cheeks and alert look.

Lady Amelia laughed. “You know I am enjoying every minute of it,” she chided. “Naughty child! I have had more excitement, more pleasure, in the short time I have known you, than in all the dreary years since Penelope left us.” She shook her head with a feeling of incredulity. “Do you know, Freddi, I believe my dear daughter is happy at last. For she must know we have found one another!”

Alfreda could only agree with this comforting idea. Burton was openly moved, and young Jeremy wore the half-comprehending, half-embarrassed look of a male confronted with three maudlin females.

At this moment there was the sound of a pistol being fired, and a loud voice crying, “Stand! Or I will fire!”

The carriage swayed and jolted as it was pulled up too abruptly.

“My God! That’s Roger’s voice!” gasped Jeremy, lunging toward the door of the carriage. Alfreda had no doubt he was correct in identifying the voice.

He will try to protect us from that animal—and he will be killed, was her first thought. Then an image of Mark Savage’s dark, handsome countenance filled her mind, and she knew she must not permit his young brother to be sacrificed for her unworthy sake. Without hesitation she raised her reticule, heavy with the book she always carried on journeys, and struck down at Jeremy’s head.

The blow was not heavy enough to render him unconscious, although she gave it all the strength she could summon. It did, however, succeed in stunning him momentarily, long enough to hold him back from his futile attempt at bravery, and land him on the floor of the carriage. Lady Amelia was as quick-witted as her grandchild. She threw the fur carriage robe, which Burton had carefully tucked about her, over the struggling youth and then looked at Alfreda.

“What now?” she asked.

Alfreda thought furiously. If she went with Roger without a fuss, it was possible that he would not harm her grandmother or Burton. Between them, those doughty females could control Jeremy for a few moments, she thought. It was unlikely that Roger planned to murder her out of hand. An agreement of some kind could surely be worked out. If she promised never to contest his right to inherit the title and estates of the Dorns, would he let her go?

While these ideas were running through her mind, she had worked her way across the struggling, heaving mass of Jeremy, who was still under the robe, and had managed to get the door open.

In this she was inadvertently assisted by Roger, who had forced his nervous horse close to the carriage and was at that moment endeavoring to force open the door. Alfreda almost fell out into his arms. Roger lost no time in making the most of this piece of luck. Without waiting for any discussion, he pulled the girl across the saddle in front of him and, whirling his horse, galloped madly off in the direction from which they had come.

His destination was a ruined and rotting old cottage that had once been lived in by one of his father’s tenants, long deceased. Careless Lord Dorn had never bothered trying to find a replacement; the nurture of his estates had been of no interest whatever to him. Roger, discovering the place a few years ago, had taken it for his own, and had conducted several pleasurable experiments there, including the forced seduction of a local ne’er-do-well’s daughter, and the torment of young Jeremy any time he could catch him away from his brother or the servants. The boy had never mentioned the cruel harassment, Roger knew, for otherwise he would have had to face the one man he feared as greatly as he hated him.

Within a very few minutes Roger and his captive were far beyond sound or sight of the dowager’s carriage, and Roger drew up long enough to pull the girl to an upright position in front of him on the saddle. He was a little surprised that she had neither swooned nor started screaming, but he did not relax his iron grip on her for all of that. She further surprised him by the calm tone in which she spoke to him as soon as he had set the horse to cantering again.

“I am glad to have this chance to speak with you, Mr. Dorn,” she shocked him by announcing.

Holding her in a grip that he knew must be painful, Roger tried to decide how to take this amazing calmness of behavior. After a moment he said harshly, “Whining will get you nothing.”

“Have I whined?” the girl asked reasonably.” I am happy for this chance to clear the air between us. I believe I am speaking to my brother, Roger Dorn am I not?”

“And if you are?” blustered Roger.

“Why, then we may settle our differences, and go our ways without further . . . racket or ruction. You see, brother, I am no more anxious to be known as Alfred Dorn’s daughter than you are to have me do so—”

“Gammon! Don’t try to flimflam me, you little bitch! I know you greedy females—”

“But I’m not greedy,” Alfred insisted in as calm a tone as she could muster, considering the fierce ache in her ribs from Roger’s cruel grip. “I have no desire to stay anywhere near Lord Dorn. Who would, if they could keep away from him! Don’t tell me you admire or like that old—sculpin?”

Roger was startled into a coarse laugh. “So you’ve heard about the old sot, have you? Don’t tell me you wouldn’t snatch all you could get of his money, sister dear, for I won’t believe you! No, I’ve got a better plan.”

“Before you do anything that might land you in the worst mess of your life, you’d better listen to what I propose,” said Alfreda, between teeth set against the pain of his iron grip.

The calmness of her voice, even more than the threat of trouble, finally got through Roger’s single-minded attitude. He thought about her words for a minute, and then, slightly loosening his grasp, turned the horse into a path that led away from the main highroad and into the woods.

“You’re trying to tell me you’ve got a scheme that won’t rob me of my rights?” he asked, caution and curiosity warring in his voice.

Alfreda breathed a little easier. “Yes, Roger, I have. As soon as your father goes to Spain, Lady Amelia is going to take me up to the north of Scotland with her. She’s got rich relatives there, and she plans to marry me off to one of the younger brothers who’ll be glad of the dowry she plans to settle on me. So you see, I won’t be any block to your plans, whatever they are.”

There was a lengthy silence while Roger digested her remarks. It was plain that he didn’t trust her. On the other hand, if she really meant what she was saying, it would solve his problem without the risk of exposing him to criminal charges. Finally he said, rather grudgingly, “What guarantee do I have that this isn’t some kind of flummery you’ve cooked up to save your bacon? Why should I trust you?”

“Because I’ll swear that I don’t want anything to do with a man who would abandon his daughter and let the world think she was—” Too late, Alfreda recalled that she was speaking to a man who was illegitimate. She need not have worried. Roger was not a sensitive man. His attention had been caught by the first part of her speech. “You’ll swear you don’t want his money or the title of lady?” he challenged. “How about writing that out and signing it in the presence of witnesses?”

Alfreda had enough sense to show just a little reluctance, but not too much. “If that’s what you want, Roger,” she said grudgingly, but her spirits lifted at the prospect of a happy ending, not only to the kidnapping, but to the whole sordid squabble over the Dorn inheritance. “I’ll even swear that the man who abducted me was a blond Viking or a Chinese brigand.”

Roger tightened his grip painfully. “You are making fun of me, you little—” I’ll make you pay for that!”

“Truly, Roger, I only meant to say I would not betray your action—which makes sense since we both wish for the same thing.”

“And what’s that?” Roger asked suspiciously.

“To make sure you are acknowledged as the son and heir of Alfred Dorn. Believe me, brother, I would not wish to claim acquaintance with so cold and unloving a man.”

Roger still held her eyes with his suspicious glare. He was a slow thinker; it seemed impossible to him that anyone would lightly dismiss the wealth and prestige that belonged to the heir of Dorn. Still, he considered, if the wench has the chance of marrying some Scottish laird who is willing to ignore her background . . . Because of course he must force her to agree to accept the stigma of illegitimacy, in order to protect his own interests.

Still frowning, he set his horse in motion again, and followed the devious path through the woods toward the deserted cottage.





Chapter 15



Just after midnight, Mark Savage was drawn out into the lofty, lamp-lit front hallway of The Oaks by an incredible racket on the bronze knocker. He recognized his young half brother’s voice crying out in panic, and had the door open before Ryan, the butler, appeared from the back of the hall. One glance sufficed to tell Mark that his plan had gone terribly wrong. Instead of Lady Amelia’s carriage, a single horse, heavily lathered, stood head down and panting in the light of the single flambeau. Jeremy, wild-eyed, pushed Mark and Ryan and then turned and caught Mark by the shoulders.

“He’s got her!” the boy sobbed, shaking Mark’s shoulders in his excess of self-blame.

“Who has?” demanded Mark, although he had already guessed the answer.

Jeremy gulped and tried to pull himself together. In a lower voice he explained what had taken place. “Roger Dorn. He held up the carriage just beyond Lidell. Fired a shot. I tried to get to him, got a crack on the head, and something fell over me—a heavy cloth of some kind. . . .”

There was only the sound of his sobbing breath as the two men waited for the rest of the story. Jeremy dragged in a deep breath and went on, “When I worked free of the cloth, it was all over. Freddi was gone!”

“Was the dowager hurt? Or Burton?”

“No. They’ve put up for the night at Lidell. They understood that I had to get to you quickly.” He peered guiltily up at his frowning brother. “I failed to keep her safe, Mark! Roger has her! And what he’ll do to her—”

Mark interrupted this frantic babble. “How do you know it was Roger? With your head under some cloth—”

“Don’t you think I know that voice?” demanded Jeremy bitterly. “ ‘Stand or I’ll fire!’ he said—and he’d already done it!”

“Was anyone hurt?”

“He winged the groom. Coachman told me it wasn’t too bad, and they’d get him patched up back at the inn. I took one of their horses and came straight to you.”

“You did well,” said Mark quietly. “Very well! Thanks to your quick action, we can get out in search of them before that rat has a chance to harm her—”

“But I didn’t see where he went,” Jeremy confessed. He was feeling a little better after Mark’s commendation of his action.

“We’ll try Dorn’s home first,” decided Mark. “Ryan, rouse four of the grooms and tell them to saddle six horses. I want them to ride with my brother and myself when we attack.”

Ryan nodded and raced back toward the kitchens. Mark put one arm around Jeremy’s shoulders. The boy was shaking with exhaustion and anxiety.

“Get yourself a drink, Jerry,” he said. “You deserve it, after your lightning dash to gather up the reserves!”

The boy flashed him a grateful grin and went into the library. Mark took the stairs two at a time to get his coat and a brace of pistols. Hastily he added a pocketful of bullets, snatched up his purse, and raced back down the stairs. Jeremy was waiting for him in the hall, pale of face but determined. As they opened the front door, a groom was leading away the dowager’s weary coach horse, while sounds of activity from the stables at the rear of The Oaks informed Mark that his men were busy with their assigned task.

Within a few minutes, the small cavalcade was mounted and waiting for Mark’s word. He regarded their eager expressions with a grim smile.

“I see you are ready for anything,” he said quietly. “I wish you to keep as quiet as possible. We do not wish to warn Roger Dorn that we are hunting him. He will have a captive—a lady—who must not be hurt no matter what happens. I shall try to surprise him. If that fails, I’ll bargain for her release. If that fails—”

“We’ll kill him!” burst out Jeremy, caught up in the drama of the event.

Mark noted the hastily smothered grins with relief. However challenging the event, he trusted his hand-picked servants to support him to their best ability.

“Let’s go,” he said, and led the small party down the winding driveway to the highroad.

Half an hour later, they stood in front of the stables at Dorn Place. Roger’s groom, Felsin, was stolidly refusing to answer any of Mark’s questions. Since time was so precious, Mark abandoned the civil approach.

“Tie him up,” he ordered his men. “We’ll deliver him to the magistrate tonight.”

“On what charges?” blustered Felsin. “I ain’t done nothin’!”

“Kidnapping a lady of quality,” snapped Mark. “You’ll be lucky to get away with transportation.”

“I ain’t done it!” cried Felsin, mentally cursing that thrice-demmed fool Roger. “Whotever ’e’s been up to, I ain’t ’ad no part in it!”

“That’s not what he says,” announced Mark.

The lie was enough to undermine whatever loyalty Felsin had for his master. “’E come into the stables arf an hour ago, arskin’ for some paper and pens, an’ tellin’ me to throw some clean clothes into a bag for ’im. Then ’e rode out on a fresh ’orse. ’E didn’ say where ’e was goin’—an’ that’s the demmed truth!”

After a long moment, Mark said, “One of you take him back to The Oaks and keep him tied up until we return. I may decide to give him to the magistrate later.” When one groom had departed with his cursing burden over his saddle, Mark faced the rest of his party.

“Do any of you have any ideas where our man might be hiding? Remember, he may be stupid, but he knows he’s committed a criminal act in kidnapping a lady.”

A few disreputable inns were considered, and hasty strategy for scouting them was being discussed, when Jeremy caught at Mark’s sleeve.

“There is one place,” he ventured. “A tumbledown farmer’s cottage near the boundary between our land and the Dorns’. Roger used to go there often, when he had something to do that he didn’t want anyone to know about—”

There were nods of agreement from two of the grooms. One of them said, “That’s where he took his trollops to be private-like . . . .” He paused at the low growl that erupted from his master’s throat. Mark seized Jeremy’s shoulder.

“Can you lead us to the place? Right now!” He turned to his men. “Quietly! We don’t want to warn him we are coming. I’ll give the signal to dismount and proceed on foot when we’re some distance from the place. Lead on, Jerry!”





Roger was finding the situation very much to his liking. He had a girl, alone, in a place that had never been discovered by anyone. The chit was putting up a good show of being calm, but Roger was not fooled. She was scared, which was exactly what he wanted. He had already lighted the old lantern he kept hidden under the rubbish for just such an occasion, and was clearing away a flat surface for her to write on. Handing her the paper, pens, and covered inkwell, he gestured to the cleared spot.

“Write what you said about not wishing any part of the Earl of Dorn’s estate,” he commanded.

He watched, hawk-eyed, until the girl had finished her task. Then he grabbed the paper and scrutinized the clear flowing script. Even with his limited skills at deciphering handwriting, he knew she had said exactly what he told her to. But there was something else, wasn’t there? Oh, yes! His own part in this matter.

“Now you’ll say that the man who kidnapped you from the old woman’s coach was Mark Savage!” He grinned maliciously.

“That horse won’t run.” Alfreda adopted the cant of the village louts at Little Weald.

Roger strode toward and caught her throat in one huge paw. “What’re you trying to do?” he growled.

Alfreda kept her eyes firmly fixed on his piggy stare. “I’m just warning you that Mark Savage is waiting for Lady Amelia and me at The Oaks, and he’s got a house full of servants who can swear he wasn’t out on the road tonight. That cock won’t fight.” Which was the proper term? she wondered anxiously. And could she pierce his iron wall of ignorance and jealousy of Mark Savage? Even with facts?

Roger took his time considering the information; he kept a tight grip on the girl’s throat meanwhile. Alfreda was afraid that she might faint if he didn’t let her get a breath soon; already her head was spinning and a reddish glare screened her vision. And then he released his grip, and she gasped and sobbed breath into her starving lungs.

Roger laughed. “That will show you not to try to bamboozle me,” he taunted. “I’d be a lot safer with you six feet underground, and don’t forget it!” He kept his eyes on her pale, pretty face. “If you wasn’t my sister—” he mocked her. “Hey?”

Alfreda couldn’t control her shudder of distaste, but the reaction seemed to please Roger. He took satisfaction in causing others to fear him. Now if he could just get her to agree to name some other kidnapper—

“Why can’t I swear it was a tall, slender, blond highwayman?” she suggested. When Roger’s face took on a set grimace of dissent, the girl said persuasively, “I’m going to be married in Scotland, anyway. Do you think I want to proclaim the fact that I’m illegitimate, and was kidnapped? Don’t you see that might ruin my chances at a good match!”

This was talk Roger could understand. He kept silent for several minutes longer, but his mind was already made up. Accept the girl’s suggestion; let her write about a blond highwayman who had carried her off . . . and then keep her here for a few days until he’d decided what was safest for himself.

When he told her his decision, the girl turned awkward.

She was full of excuses and reasons why he should let her go at once, so she could get away to Scotland before a scandal could be raised. Roger got a little tired of her nonsense. Did the little trollop think she could manage him? It might be a good idea to rough her up a little, just to show her who was master here! And then, if he felt like it, he’d let her go to find her own way out of the woods.

At first he thought he’d gag her, but the idea of hearing her cry and plead, or even scream, was too enticing to be denied. So it was that Mark, Jeremy and their grooms were led to the cottage by a piercing scream and then a low-voiced pleading from Alfreda.

The sound of her scream galvanized the rescue party into action. They burst into the poorly lit, ramshackle cottage before Roger, deep in the enjoyment of his cruelty, could rouse himself to do battle.

Mark had him floored with a single, punishing blow to the head, and then proceeded to secure his enemy’s submission by means that impressed Jeremy and the grooms greatly.

“Shall we tie him up, too?” asked Jeremy eagerly. He had a number of memories of his experiences in this place, and wished to wipe them out with a satisfying disposal of their perpetrator.

Mark nodded. He was just getting control of the surprising fury that had seized him when he heard Alfreda scream. He busied himself untying her hands and feet, and inspecting her sternly.

“Where did he hurt you?” he demanded. “Tell me!”

Alfreda caught her breath. This dominating male was, in his way, almost as frightening as the sadistic Roger. She raised her tingling hands to her throat and found it difficult to speak.

Mark caught the meaning of her gesture. Removing her hands gently from her neck, he bent to inspect the bruising. His lips tightened. “Anything else?” he asked, as though fearing the worst.

Alfreda put her palm against a rapidly darkening cheek. “. . . slapped me . . .” she managed to say. And then, understanding the light of rage in the silver eyes, she tried to smile. “. . . just getting started,” she managed.

Mark turned and stared down at the bound, recumbent bully. He gestured for two of the grooms to lift the hulking figure up. Then he raised his hand and struck Roger twice, three times, across the face. “I don’t dare let myself pay back your action in choking this lady,” he muttered. “I would be tempted to kill you!”

“Let me, guv’,” pleaded one of the grooms.

But Mark was not to be cheated of his satisfaction. “Untie the bully,” he said quietly.

A gleam of hope sparked in Roger’s eyes. Just let him free me and I’ll batter ’em all down! he thought gleefully . . . .

Two bruising minutes later, Roger was flat on his back again, this time with blood flowing from a broken nose.

“If you bother this lady again, I’ll kill you,” Mark said so softly that Roger could hardly hear him. And the look in the victor’s eyes—ice over silver—promised that the threat was no idle boast.

Leaving the bully on his back, the Savages, Alfreda, and the grooms left the crumbling cottage and walked over to the horses. Alfreda was grateful for the presence of the grooms, since she had sensed the icy rage that Mark was holding in tight control—sensed it and realized that it was directed at her.

Stumbling along in the darkness, Alfreda sighed. Why did it always happen that her meetings with this handsome, virile man were charged with antagonism? Was it her fault? Nothing Mrs. Green had taught her prepared her to deal with an arrogant, fascinating buck! In fact, the opposite seemed to be the case—her training, especially in the Classics, appeared to annoy Mark Savage. Or perhaps it was just she herself who annoyed him.

Musing this disconsolately, she found herself suddenly seized around the waist and flung up onto the back of a horse. With a most undignified thrashing of her limbs she managed to get one on either side of the horse’s neck. Almost at once, a heavy body landed behind her, and a hard arm pulled her against a rock-firm body.

It was too much! Alfreda might have been willing to accept part or even all of the blame for the unpleasantness of their former encounters, but this time the aggressive man had gone too far! Throwing her up onto his horse with no regard for her dignity or her comfort! Snarling at her in that hovel, when she was more than willing to praise him and thank him for his timely rescue! Well, he could just whistle for his thanks! Alfreda flounced angrily against the confining grasp.

Her reward for that was a painful tightening of Mark’s grip.

“Be still, you little wretch!” he muttered into her ear. “Maybe by the time I get you home, I’ll have calmed down enough not to beat you! Have you no sense? Thrusting yourself into danger without thought for the people who love you! I can’t let you out of my sight for ten minutes before you’re up to your neck in trouble!”

Alfreda opened her mouth to make a fiery rebuttal—and then shut it again. What had he said? “—the people who love you.” Did he mean . . . could he be referring to himself? And then the impossibility of that interpretation struck her. Love her? He had all he could do to keep from strangling her! So it must be Lady Amelia he meant, when he said those who loved her. And now the total injustice of his comment struck her dumb. He was talking as though she had had any choice in the carriage when Roger was threatening them all with his pistol! Was she to have let him murder them all without resistance? Her ever-volatile anger flared and she wrenched around in his hard grasp.

The grip grew painfully tight. “I wouldn’t try it,” the dark voice warned. And then, coldly, “Be quiet or I’ll settle your hash right now!”

Hash? Alfreda went into a simmering fury at the crudity of the man’s behavior. She knew very well she could do little or nothing at the moment, in front of the grooms and Jeremy, to punish the brute, but there would come a time . . . !

The rest of the ride back to The Oaks was accomplished in silence, grim on the part of Mark and Alfreda, cautious on the part of Jeremy and the grooms. The whole mood seemed to change, however, as they approached the well-lighted, handsome buildings that made up the Savage holding. Even Mark seemed surprised at the appearance of his ancestral home.

“It’s probably the dowager’s doing,” suggested Jeremy with a poorly concealed laugh. “She’s up to every rig and row in the book! I should have known she wouldn’t stay at the inn!”

“Let us hope she has not roused our father,” commented Mark. “We know his temper when he’s disturbed!”

Jeremy fell silent as they dismounted before the oddly welcoming mansion. With a quiet word of thanks to the weary, pleased grooms, Mark turned and took Alfreda’s arm. Though she would have died rather than admit it, the girl found his firm support both necessary and comfortable. Without further talk they entered the open portals.

“My God!” breathed Mark.

Apparently the whole staff of the household was waiting for them in the hallway. Led by the indomitable dowager, a cheer sounded as they entered.

“Hip, hip, hooray!” she called, and then repeated it twice.

Mark grinned involuntarily at the hearty accolade.

“You’ve done the thing!” She came forward smiling. “Dear Mr. Savage, you have saved my darling Freddi’s life! I could kiss you! And Jeremy, too!” she added, beaming at the youth.

Mark rose to the occasion gallantly. Leading the stunned Alfreda to her grandmother, he bent and offered his cheek.

“Pleased do so,” he invited, with the devilish smile Alfreda had first glimpsed at the Pot O’Gold.

And when the dowager had smilingly complied, Mark added, in a tone audible to every person in the vast hallway, “Your granddaughter has not yet thanked me, ma’am. Do you think—?”

Whatever Lady Amelia or Alfreda might have answered to this outrageous ploy was never known, since a sour, cold voice sounded from the stairway.

“What is going on down there? Have you all lost your senses?”

Every eye turned to the gaunt figure in a much-worn dressing gown. Alfreda heard a soft, “Oh, no!” from Jeremy. It was enough to warn her that all was not well at The Oaks.

Mark, no longer smiling, sketched a slight bow toward the dowager. “Lady Amelia, may I present my father, Sidney Savage. Father, we are honored to have Lady Amelia Calthorp and her granddaughter, Lady Alfreda Dorn, as our guests.”

A thunderous scowl settled over the pallid features as Mr. Savage stared down upon the hushed group in the hallway. “Dorn? You have had the insolence to bring a Dorn into my house?”

Almost without thinking, Alfreda stepped in to divert the old man’s anger from Mark—who had only been trying to help a victim of the nefarious Alfred. “Oh, he doesn’t acknowledge me as Lady Dorn’s daughter, sir,” she called out, brightly. “He substituted Roger as his heir when I was born.”

Sidney Savage glared from one face to another. “Is this the truth?” he demanded.

Noting Mark’s sudden rigidity at his father’s open disbelief, Alfreda stepped in impulsively again. “Imagine having Roger Dorn for a son!” She gave the crusty old man her sweetest, most mischievous smile. “Or Alfred for a father! Served them both right, don’t you think?”

Jeremy and Mark, staring up at their father, were shocked to see an appreciative grin tugging at the sour corners of the old man’s mouth.

Just at this moment, a dour-looking manservant appeared behind Sidney and peered over the old man’s shoulder at the crowd in the hallway below.

“And who might these folk be?” he demanded.

“My sons, whom I am sure you must remember,” snapped the old man, impatient at the interruption.

“Are they wearing ladies’ clothes now, then?” the elderly servant snapped back at his master.

The tentative smile widened into a nearly toothless grin. “No, ye dolt, the ones in women’s clothing are our guests, the Duchess of Calthorp and her—granddaughter. Have ye got rooms prepared for ’em? They’ve decided to visit us. For an indeterminate stay.”

Alfreda felt a rush of rage at the nasty old fellow who was saying such cruel things about dear Grandmama. But the dowager was made of sterner stuff. She advanced two paces and swept a truly regal curtsey. “Your welcome overwhelms me, sir,” she said clearly. “Of course, if our presence disturbs important matters, we shall leave at once for the nearest inn. Victims of Alfred Dorn cannot expect to find refuge in a house that fears the Dorns.”

“I have hated Alfred Dorn for fifteen years,” Sidney came down the stairway as he spoke. “If you are truly victims of that wicked man, I shall be proud to welcome you to my home.” Mark and Jeremy were as startled as Old Campbell at this amazing development. The old servant hurried down the stairs after his master, muttering something about “. . . finally gone daft . . .”

Sidney Savage paused at the foot of the stairway and scrutinized his guests carefully. Alfreda thought he was pitiful. He was not eating properly: he was gaunt and pale, and clearly had had no exercise and very little grooming for quite some time. She went forward and curtsied politely, as Mrs. Green had taught her.

“Your older son saved my life tonight,” she said in a clear voice. “Roger Dorn had taken me from my grandmother’s coach at pistol point, and after making me sign a paper refusing any claim upon the Dorn estates, wished me to add that it was Mark Savage who had kidnapped me.”

“But you would have been able to refute that lie as soon as you were found—” began the old man testily.

“If I had been found,” agreed the girl. “And if I had been able to speak.” She raised one hand and touched her slender neck, already dark with bruises.

There was a grim little silence. Then Sidney Savage glared at his wide-eyed servants. “Well? Where is our hospitality? Ryan, see that rooms are prepared for our guests, and a suitable collation set out. I shall join you downstairs in twenty minutes.”

Slowly the old man turned and remounted the stairs, his plainly shocked servant hovering close behind him. Mark and Jeremy exchanged stunned glances. Then Mark turned to their guests with the widest, most carefree smile anyone had ever seen upon his face. As the servants hastened about their business, Mark spoke to the two women.

“It is a miracle,” he said softly. “My father has not come out of his apartments for nearly twenty years!” He looked at Alfreda. “I don’t know how you did it, little witch, but tonight makes up for all your faults and foibles!”

As an apology for his former intransigent attitude, the speech was less than successful. As praise, it was a disaster. The dowager, who was trying to repress a gust of laughter, merely succeeded in making sputtering sounds. Jeremy was frankly appalled. Was this the older brother whose nous and gallantry had made him the favorite of the young ladies of the county? This foot-in-mouth, infuriating bumbler? Jeremy hastened to the side of the fuming, narrow-eyed Lady Freddi and placed a gentle hand upon her arm.

“Our deepest thanks, milady,” he said with a strained smile. “May I escort you and your grandmama to your rooms? I am sure Ryan will have all in train for your comfort. It has been a—rather challenging night!”

Lady Amelia took charge smoothly. There was still a wicked twinkle in her eyes, but she was all suave diplomacy as she shepherded the silent Alfreda and the still murmuring Jeremy up the stairs after a maidservant.

Mark stood where they had left him, a completely unreadable look upon his dark, handsome countenance.

What sort of hornet’s nest have I pulled down upon my hapless family? He was thinking. And: Why did I say that to her?





Chapter 16



When the worried Jeremy finally left them to the careful ministrations of the maidservant, Alfreda turned to her Grandmother.

Lady Amelia spoke first. “I do not know when I have had such an interesting, delightful time as I have enjoyed since you came to me, dearest Freddi! I feel—rejuvenated!”

Indeed, her whole countenance was alight with laughter and eagerness; the faded blue eyes had acquired a deep sparkle. She bustled over to where the fascinated maid was unpacking the first of the portmanteaux. “Just open that handbag, child, and get out our brushes and soaps. We would not wish to keep your master waiting, would we? For the collation,” she explained, to the girl’s uncomprehending stare.

“He can’t be coming down to eat with you, ma’am, surely? Why, nobody’s been able to budge him outa them rooms for nigh on twenty years—so they tell me!” said the maidservant.

“Then it’s lucky we happened by,” said the dowager, with a charming disregard for the actual facts of their arrival. “From the look of your master,” she said, smiling naughtily, “it is past time that someone did something to bring him back to the living.”

The maid, much impressed by this undeniable truth, nodded and found their hairbrushes, special soap, and lotions. Within a remarkably short time, the two ladies trod their way down the massive stairway into the great hall. Mark and Jeremy were already waiting, the signs of their hasty ablutions plain in their still-damp hair. Of the master of the house there was no sign, and Alfreda, for one, was beginning to fear that the night’s excursions and alarums had been too much for the old recluse when, preceded by a kilted Campbell, Sidney Savage came slowly down to meet them.

His sons stared, open-mouthed. Gone was the worn dressing gown that had been his sole garment for years. In its place there was a neat black evening suit, obviously long out of style, but particularly effective on that tall, lean figure. There was little color in the pallid cheeks, but the eyes shone with new luster.

“I hope I have not kept you waiting, ladies.” His creaky tones indicated little use of the vocal cords. He offered his arm to the dowager, and led the way into the dining room.

Jeremy beat Mark to Alfreda’s side, and escorted her to the table, which was nicely set and already bore wine in some of the numerous glasses. Mark, still looking thunderstruck, followed and seated himself across from Alfreda. To keep an eye on the little witch, he told himself. Who knows what she’ll be up to next? Throwing her wine at him? She had looked angry enough for that in the hallway earlier!

But Alfreda was ahead of him. She had recruited her equanimity while she repaired her appearance; she was all gentle, girlish smiles, and obviously captivating both Sidney and Jeremy. Mark glanced at the dowager, and met a look of glinting amusement.

He met her grin with one of his own, a wide white slash of male challenge. It was clear that the old noblewoman liked him; he found surprising pleasure in the thought. His gaze traveled to her granddaughter, who was at this moment saying something playful to a delighted Jeremy. Jeremy! Mark felt an unfamiliar tightening of his nerves. Surely the chit was not casting out lures for that—boy? He stared rather belligerently at the laughing duo.

Then he felt eyes upon him, and turned to find his father scanning his countenance. Sidney Savage sat at the head of the table for the first time in many years. To his right he had placed Lady Amelia; to his left, Alfreda. On her left, Jeremy babbled happily. Mark himself occupied the chair next to the dowager’s right. This position gave him a clear view of every face except the dowager’s, and she faced him often enough so that he felt he could monitor her most of the time.

Why he felt so strong a need to watch the expressions on his table companions’ faces Mark was not sure. But there was a very strong compulsion to do so. What was happening? Jeremy seemed to be taking it in stride; the servants were blissful at the promise of interesting company to speculate and gossip about. As well as more interesting meals to prepare—and share—Mark decided critically. Still, he was forced to admit that anything that got his recluse parent out of his quarters and down to the table was worth celebrating. And judging by the amazed, open expression on Campbell’s face, the old manservant agreed with him.

It was a pleasant meal, the most cheerful Mark ever recalled in that place. As the time passed, however, Mark caught unmistakable evidence that his father was tiring. He glanced up at Campbell. The man nodded agreement. But it was the dowager who instituted the move.

Addressing her host, she said pleasantly, “Mr. Savage, this has been a most restorative meal! I feel quite relaxed and safe, thanks to your gracious hospitality. My granddaughter and I shall retire now, and leave you gentlemen to your wines!”

All three men rose with her, and Jeremy looked as though he would like to escort the ladies elsewhere, but Mark’s slight shake of the head held him back.

“You were courteous to think of accompanying them, Jerry,” he told the boy, “but they will wish to retire now. It has been an exhausting day, after all!” The smile he gave his sibling was enough to soften the denial of the youth’s gallantry.

“Just what happened today?” The rusty voice of their father, weaker for his own exertions came demandingly to their ears. Mark thought fast. Not for any treasure would he do anything to destroy the urge which had led his recluse father to come out of hiding. “May we adjourn to your rooms, Father? And perhaps Campbell will provide us all with a glass of your finest Scots whiskey? I feel we’ll all benefit from a wee doch-an-dorrach while I tell you of our experiences. I hope your wisdom will show us where we went wrong, and even what we should do from this point on.”

Then he waited, and Jeremy and Campbell waited, hardly breathing, for the response from the recluse.

“Bring four glasses, Campbell,” instructed Sidney Savage, availing himself of his servant’s arm to move from the room.

When they had settled with their liquor in the rather musty sitting room of the master suite, Sidney said, “I rather liked that girl. Doesn’t look anything like Dorn. Must resemble her mother.”

“Her hair is exactly like Alfred Dorn’s—flaming red, to match her temper!” snapped Mark.

The minute the words were out of his mouth, he regretted them. Jeremy’s reproachful glance further castigated his blundering tongue.

Sidney was staring at him. “Are you blind? The girl’s hair is black!”

She dyed it so she wouldn’t look like him—” began Mark awkwardly.

“Sensible little filly,” Sidney said approvingly. “Brains as well as charm.”

Jeremy was grinning openly. “I think I should warn you, Father,” he said, perhaps carried away by the unaccustomed whiskey and the strange feeling of meeting his father for the first time, “that Lady Freddi and Mark strike sparks from each other every time they meet. Even when he saved her life from that brute Roger, they could hardly exchange a civil word.”

And how do you like that, brother dear? said his naughty grin. That would pay him for his rudeness to their pretty young guest earlier in the evening!

Their father glanced from one red-faced brother to his grinning sibling. An unaccustomed smile touched the corners of his lips briefly. Oh, yes, life had suddenly taken on surprising interest.





In their pleasant bedroom, which they were more than happy to share, Lady Amelia and her darling Freddi made ready for bed. They could not discourage the little servant, who was obviously delighted to be assigned to the care of the first female visitors any of the staff could remember. When finally she had been persuaded that there was absolutely nothing more she could do for their comfort, she took a reluctant leave, stopping at the door to tell them that she would be bringing up their breakfast in the morning, and would they prefer coffee or cocoa?

With this weighty matter settled, the dowager finally relaxed against her pillows, and regarded her granddaughter.

“You like him, don’t you?”

Alfreda made no pretense of misunderstanding the reference. “Sometimes I think I hate him!” she snapped. “He makes me so furious! You heard him in the hallway, in front of everyone! ‘All my faults and foibles’! How could he?”

“He had just saved your life,” the dowager reminded her.

“Reluctantly, I am sure,” sneered the girl.

The dowager laughed. “You love the creature!” she said, exultant. “I had high hopes that you might. He will be perfect for you, Freddi! Rude, arrogant, outside; as soft as a goose-down pillow inside!”

“You must be jesting, Grandmama,” said the girl repressively. “Love that—that creature? I’d as soon love—” she was going to say “Roger!” but the lie stuck in her throat.

Alfreda sighed ostentatiously. “Dearest Grandmama, shall we try to rest now? After all, it has been a rather tiring day!” She touched the bandages that a concerned servant had placed around her throat over the soothing lotion.

The dowager was not taken in. With a wicked chuckle she said, “Oh, let us rest by all means! That is, if you can stop fuming about that villain Mark long enough to fall asleep!”

A disdainful sniff was all the reply she got for that thrust, but Lady Amelia put out the bedside candle with a chuckle.

It could not have turned out better if she had planned it herself, she thought smugly. Darling Freddi! She’d met her match at last!





Chapter 17



When the Savages’ head groom woke up the following morning, and strolled into the stables to inspect their prisoners, he was greeted by a sleeping stableboy and no captives. Three minutes later he had given the alarm, but no one could locate Roger and Felsin anywhere on the estate. Feeling very guilty, although it had not been himself who had fallen asleep on watch, the head groom brought the bad news to Mark.

Inspecting the empty stall, the latter found the ropes with which the prisoners had been bound. “One of them had a knife in his boot,” he said. “Or somebody gave them one.”

This thought so horrified the head groom, whose name was Tedley, that he offered to discharge every groom and stableboy on the estate.

“Wouldn’t do any good now,” Mark admonished him. “The birds have flown. It’s fortunate we’ve got reserves coming in today to guard the place. Work out a sensible roster, Tedley. It wasn’t your fault, man,” he added more kindly. “And no real harm’s been done. This bungle will put all the servants on their toes.”

In spite of his optimistic attitude, he hurried into the house to make sure his guests were safe. Upon inquiry, Ryan was able to inform him that the ladies had breakfasted in their room and should be down shortly. Mark heaved a sigh of relief. No midnight snatching, then. “And my father?” He asked the question rather awkwardly.

Ryan smiled. “Mr. Savage has eaten a better breakfast than usual, sir, and will be down shortly, I believe.”

Mark’s shoulders relaxed their tense posture, and he strolled into the kitchen, thrilling and disrupting the servants there with his demands for food and drink to save a starving man.

He had just finished a sustaining meal, and was strolling into the front hall, when the sound of a light footstep coming down the uncarpeted stairway caught his attention. He raised his eyes to behold Alfreda—with her hair—that black, harsh-looking mass—cut very short and neatly trimmed. And tied up with a blue ribbon that matched her eyes.

“Good morning, Alfreda.” Mark was very much on his best behavior. “The new hairstyle becomes you!”

“Thank you, Mark,” said Alfreda warily. “The less of this black dye I can see, the better I like it.”

“Will it take long to grow back—your own pretty hair, I mean?”

The girl’s eyes widened involuntarily. What had gotten into her antagonist? Compliments? So early in the morning? Perhaps his papa had given him instructions last night. She really could not handle so much gushing benevolence so early in the morning. “I thought you hated the color,” she said rather snappishly.

Mark grinned. It was so delightfully easy to bait the little female—even when he wasn’t trying to! “I thought it matched your—ah—personality,” he said slyly.

“And just what is that supposed to mean?” demanded the girl suspiciously.

Mark smiled. “That you’re bright, and—er—colorful, and—”

“Don’t strain yourself,” advised Alfreda grimly. “You hate my red hair!” She sniffed haughtily. “Do you think I have forgotten your rude gibes in front of the patrons of the Pot O’Gold?”

“As I recall, I made fun of your hat, not your hair,” Mark had the poor taste to remind her.

“An omission that you have more than made up for since,” the chit reminded him.

They were glaring at one another when the dowager came down the stairs to greet them. “Fighting as usual, I see,” she said.

Mark put on an innocent-little-boy expression. “I was trying to pay your grandchild a compliment, but she makes it hard.”

“You were teasing me again, and you know it, Mark Savage,” protested the girl.

Any further discussion was interrupted when Sidney Savage came slowly down the stairs, attended by the faithful Campbell. Sidney led the way into his study-cum-library. While they were seating themselves, he stared around him with some pleasure.

“It is quite a while since I entered this room,” he said.

Mark spoke up warmly. “It is good to see you here, Father.”

The old man gave his son a tentative, placating glance. “I have a great deal to answer for, son. After the shaking up I had last night . . .” He paused, glancing from one to another of his guests. “There are things I must tell you, but I think Jeremy should be with us to hear them. I have sent Campbell after the lad. He seems to have slept late.”

Mark experienced an odd chill of fear, but before he could do anything about it, Jeremy appeared in the doorway, looking for them.

“Here you are!” he said, unnecessarily, and gave them a wide, boyish grin. “Father! It is good to see you downstairs.”

Sidney Savage waved the boy to a chair, and then faced them all. He seemed, even now, reluctant to begin. Lady Amelia tried to ease the situation. She smiled warmly at her host.

“It is more than kind of you to house and feed two strange women during what is a difficult time for them,” she began. “The Norths—my lawyers—insisted that I get my poor Freddi away from London, and from the possibility that her father might attempt to—remove her as a threat to his income.” She took a breath. “I speak thus freely to you since I understand that the Dorns have behaved badly to your family, also.”

“Alfred Dorn behaved badly indeed—without honor. I understand from Campbell that Roger, the son, was responsible for at least one accident to Mark that might have proved fatal. To say nothing of a great deal of harassment and mischief directed at Jeremy. Last night’s performance by Roger Dorn was the last straw. It encourages me now to finally explain to my sons why their father practically abandoned them for so many years. You may know,” he turned to Lady Amelia, “that my first wife, Mark’s mother, died in childbirth. Five years later, I married a young and beautiful girl whom I met on a visit to London. I thought that the days of my unhappiness were finally ended. She gave me Jeremy——two sons I then had! It seemed to me that no man could ask for more. And then she met Alfred Dorn at a charity ball given by the local magistrate. I was not particularly interested in dancing and making small talk, and would have been willing to send a contribution to the charity and stay home. But nothing would do my young wife but that we should attend. I felt remorse, naturally. I had swept her from her busy social life in London and rusticated her in this dull spot. So I agreed to attend. It was there that Lord Dorn set his lecherous eyes on her.” He paused, a distant, painful expression on his lined, pallid face.

“I learned later, from helpful friends, that he had made what they called a dead set upon my young wife. One evening I was handed a note just before dinner. It was from my wife. She said she could not stand the loneliness and boredom of country life, and was going back to London ‘with a friend.’ I was preparing to follow her and bring her back—having a suspicion who the ‘friend’ was, when news was brought to me that her horse had thrown her when she was on her way in the darkness to Dorn’s home. She was dead.” A tear slid slowly down his face. “After they brought back her body, and I had made proper arrangements, I rode over to Lord Dorn’s home with the intention of killing the coward. He had not even made the effort to come and pick her up in his own carriage! If he had done that, she would still be alive . . . even if I had never seen her again. I went prepared to kill Dorn, as I say. He had his grooms set upon me and beat me into insensibility. By the time I had recovered, he was in London.”

No one spoke. After a long moment, Sidney turned to his younger son. “I am sorry I did not tell you this sooner, boy. I had hoped to keep the sordid story from you, let you believe in the love and sweetness of your mother. I retired to my own quarters, accepting the fact that I would never be able to protect my young wife’s name if I remained in society.”

Jeremy got up and went to his father’s side. Quietly he put his arm around the narrow, thin shoulders and hugged hard. “I understand. Thank you for your wish to spare me grief,” he whispered.

Sidney raised his head and faced them all. “I know now it was a mistake. If I had faced my grief at the time, I would have been a better father to my sons. And you, madam, and your charming granddaughter, would not have been placed in such jeopardy as you have known recently. But that is over now, I think. Do we not have the brutal Roger and his groom in custody? Let us call the constable and have them delivered to the magistrate.”

“They have escaped,” said Mark shortly. “I’ve sent for a dozen men to act as guards to the house and estate. We should be able to protect ourselves and our guests until the constable locates the criminals.”

“You think they will try to attack these ladies again? Surely Alfred Dorn must know we are warned—ready for them!”

“I do not think the earl is in any way involved with this action,” Mark said slowly. “From what Lady Amelia tells me, he has accepted his lawyers’ advice to go to Spain and live quietly on the diminished returns from his property. I believe this whole mad scheme is Roger Dorn’s—it has the stupid cruelty of his character.”

The big, darkly handsome young man rose and faced the group. He looked first at the dowager. “Will it distress you or Alfreda if I go at once to inform our magistrate of our problem? I would not wish to cause you—embarrassment.”

Lady Amelia spoke decisively. “Better a little embarrassment than injury or death!” she said crisply. “After all, I have suffered for years at the thought of my Penelope married to that creature! And Roger is no kin of mine—or Penelope’s!”

Mark nodded. “Very well, then. I’ll swear out a complaint against Roger, and if the magistrate advises, call in the Bow Street Runners to help find the fellow and put him somewhere where he can no longer threaten innocent persons.” His silver-gray eyes rested warmly upon Alfreda’s small, upturned face. Her admiring glance brought a smile to his lips. Oddly enough, it was pleasant to be the object of the chit’s admiration. Sternly, he brought himself back to business. His father was nodding agreement.

“Jeremy and I will remain here to protect our guests, while you, Mark, ride out to do battle with the dragon!” The first real smile anyone had seen on his lips for many years was softening the harshness of his countenance.





Mark had a word with Tedley before he rode to the home of Magistrate Sellers. The head groom assured him that the extra menservants, enlisted from among the farming families and the local group of ex-soldiers who were not only glad of the work but had some training in warfare, were already deployed about the grounds and very much aware of the seriousness of the situation.

“They’ve all heard of Roger Dorn” Tedley went on. “Many of ’em have had run-ins with him. He’s got a bad reputation hereabouts—as I guess you know, sir,” Tedley ended.

As Mark rode out of the gates of The Oaks, and turned his horse toward the small village of Oaklea, he was already alert to the dangers they would have to face. Roger was like a madman—or perhaps like a simpleton with only one idea: hurt, destroy! . . . Perhaps it was that subconscious wariness that saved his life. He was never able to pinpoint the moment when he became aware of deadly danger. He pulled up his horse abruptly, scanning the brush on either side of the road. As he did so, a shot fired from the trees as the verge whistled past his face.

Putting his spurs to his mount, Mark raced out of range of the attacker’s pistol. Or so he devoutly hoped!





Chapter 18



As the day dragged on, Alfreda became increasingly nervous. Why had Mark not returned from the home of Magistrate Sellers? Had there been trouble? It seemed to the girl barely normal that she should be so concerned over a man who did not even like her—hastily she revised that to: a man she didn’t even like. She could not get the memory of the way he had looked that morning, standing by the table, smiling, out of her mind. How tall he was! And those broad shoulders, just right to rest one’s head against—that is, she amended quickly, if one wanted to rest one’s head. . . . And that smile! Her own lips curved in unconscious sympathy with that wicked, dashing, provocative . . . enticement!

Alfreda continued to prowl restlessly around the drawing room where her grandmother sat enjoying a quiet coze with their host. Momentarily deflected from her own worried thoughts, she paused to relish the feeling of pleasant companionship that was developing between the recluse and her sprightly grandmama.

At that minute, Lady Amelia looked up and beamed at the girl. Then a little frown settled on her face. “What’s to do, Freddi? You are very restless. Would you like to walk out in the park? I am sure Jeremy would escort you.”

Sidney frowned. “I don’t think that is wise,” he objected. “Mark would wish us to remain in the house until we have positive assurance that Roger Dorn is in custody.”

This statement naturally threw a gloom over the party, broken only when Jeremy strode eagerly in to confront them with the news that one of the mares had foaled, and inviting them to come out to the stables to admire the new arrival. This project pleased everyone. Within a few minutes the grooms and stableboys were treated to a visit from the recluse, whom many had never set eyes on before, and his noble guests.

The ladies’ delight in the adorable, clumsy little creature was rewarding to the assembled servants, who took it as a personal compliment upon their skill. When the ladies had seen enough of the charming little newcomer, they were escorted back toward the house by Sidney and his son.

Jeremy vocalized the anxiety they were all feeling.

“Mark’s been gone a long time,” he grumbled. “Maybe he went on to London to talk to the magistrate at Bow Street.”

“He wouldn’t have done that without consulting us,” Sidney objected.

Alfred privately considered that the arrogant young man was quite capable of doing just that. Her irrational fears were increasing with the passing minutes. Why didn’t he come home . . . or let them know what he was doing? Selfish man! She set her mouth in what Mrs. Green would have recognized as her stubborn look. If he’s not back within half an hour, I’m going to look for him, she vowed silently. How can he disturb everyone this way?

She debated whether to confide her plan to Lady Amelia. She was pretty sure her grandmother was just as apprehensive as she was herself. Perhaps she might sanction the search if Jeremy agreed to accompany Alfreda. But Mr. Savage had already advised against any excursions until Roger was safe in custody. The girl bit at her lower lip with small white teeth. It was difficult to know what was best to do.

She had a moment when she wondered why she was spending this much energy worrying about a man who mocked and teased her. She immediately dismissed this sign of unusual weakness; keeping it dismissed turned out to be another thing entirely. Grimly, the girl forced her mind into other channels. What was really the most important need in her life? she asked herself.

To find a place where she belonged.

The answer had come so swiftly, with such force of feeling, that Alfreda was shocked at herself. Wondering, she tested out the idea. Yes. It occurred to her in this moment of understanding that she had always been driven by a compelling need—to be at home somewhere—to belong in some place that was truly her own. She had never felt at home in Little Weald; Mrs. Green’s coldly successful schooling had never made her feel wanted or important.

Alfreda drew a deep, quieting breath. But when she had finally met her grandmother—? Had that not been the moment she had longed for the indomitable old lady, so eager to give love and material things, so delighted to have a daughter of her dear Penelope returned to brighten her life! Surely that mutual love and trust created a place for Alfreda?

Shaking her head in denial of the reservations that still remained, the girl went through the glass doors out into the garden. Without realizing her intention, she turned away from the smooth carpets of grass, the colorful beds of flowers, and headed toward the driveway—and the gatehouse. When that well-kept lodge came into sight, Alfreda paused, surprised but not displeased at her unconscious wish to be close to the first place that would receive word of Mark’s whereabouts. She walked toward it a little faster.

As though she had known it would happen, a rider was approaching the outside of the gates as she reached the lodge. The custodian, an ancient crusty fellow called Garrett, frowned fiercely at the girl while he swung wide the gates for Mark Savage.

Muttering a brief Godbewi ’ye to Mark’s friendly greeting, he prepared to close the iron gates and lock them.

Mark was glaring down at his welcoming committee of one.

Alfreda, whose own mood had led her to expect a similarly relieved and grateful attitude on Mark’s part, was truly disconcerted when the man, looking wickedly beautiful and arrogant astride his splendid black stallion, gave her a fearful scowl, set his horse in motion, and charged directly at her.

Before she could even catch her breath, the aggressive man had bent down as his horse approached her, seized her in a grip of iron, and pulled her up in front of him

This was getting-to be too much! If one more doltish, arrogant male dragged her over his saddle, Alfreda was going to . . . going to—do something that would teach them—or him—a lesson! What century did the creatures think they were living in? Knights and mercenaries, soldiers and highwaymen! Did all males secretly cherish the wish to be daring brigands? Twisting about in Mark’s grasp—not an easy chore—Alfreda hit him as hard as she could. At the last moment, compassion intervened, spoiling her aim, which had been directed at his arrogant nose. Her fist landed high on his cheek, where it made a satisfying thud.

Mark looked down at her with interest. “That’ll give me a black eye,” he said, almost jovially. “I shall inform everyone that was your thanks for my exhausting efforts in your behalf. Witch!”

“I thought you were going to run me down,” Alfreda explained reasonably enough. “I was frightened.”

“Not you!” scoffed the villain. “You’ve been aching to do that ever since the Pot O’Gold.”

The girl was stubbornly determined to make her point. “I was extremely worried when you were so long in returning. We all were! It would have been considerate of you to let us know—”

“How could I? I didn’t know myself. And when I did, I knew I could get back here before any messenger. But if you prefer the latter, I can go back to Dorn House and send a messenger to tell you—”

“Dorn House?”

“Yes. The magistrate insisted that we take two constables and go there to be sure neither Roger nor his father were hiding out. The place is in a shambles. Apparently Lord Dorn has fired his whole staff, with the exception of his head groom and a caretaker for the house. The servants are naturally upset—unemployment being so high with all the soldiers home from the wars. There was even talk of burning down the buildings.”

Alfreda lifted an appalled face to his. “They were hostile to you?” she faltered.

“Don’t tell me you’d care?” He grinned provocatively. Then, “No. Possibly the presence of the magistrate and the constables deterred them. Between us, we offered to find places for as many of them as we could—Oh, don’t bother thanking me,” he ended crisply. “All of us in this county are accustomed to picking up after the Dorns!”

Of which, thought Alfreda miserably, he considers me to be one! Well, I am, am I not? I can’t help it, but my father is Alfred, Lord Dorn. And I wish to heaven it had been some unknown, even! For in that case I might always have had the liberty of dreaming!

Mark regarded her solemn, unhappy little countenance with a concern he was reluctant to admit. What was wrong with her now? Where was his fiery little redheaded challenger, who made his rather pedestrian life interesting? Almost unaware of his action, he shook her slightly. At once, huge blue eyes were raised to meet his searching glance.

“What is it?” growled the little female. What have I done wrong now? Is it your eye paining you?”

So pleased to have his little battlemaid back that he was hard-pressed to maintain a neutral tone, Mark replied repressively, “Of course it hurts, witch! And it will be a black-blue-orange sign of your cruelty by the time we get back to the house. What will you give me to conceal the fact that it was you who gave it to me?”

Alfreda’s mouth opened and then closed slowly. “You looked just like a fish when you did that,” Mark noted unforgivably. “Funny, but rather endearing.”

“I am glad I amuse you,” said Alfreda between her teeth. “And what I will give you—is another facer!”

“Ah! Boxing cant! I wonder where you learned that?” he taunted, highly pleased at the return of his prickly little adversary.

“The same place I learned how to tap your claret—which I intend doing if you don’t behave yourself!”

Mark’s throat erupted with a shout of laughter. Holding her closer, he grinned down into her angry little face. “Tap my claret, will you? And what will I be doing, while you are attempting the feat? Can you guess, little gamecock?”

Bright blue eyes dared the grinning man to proceed with this verbal attack. And then, suddenly, Alfreda saw beyond the teasing glitter and through to the deep satisfaction her sparring partner was experiencing. He’s enjoying it! she told herself. It’s as though he has never really played in his life! And a small, secret smile tugged at the girl’s lips. So he wants to play, does he?

Almost languidly she raised one small hand and stroked his cheek. It felt pleasant to stroke, she decided, happy that her new strategy should be so satisfying. She peered up into his countenance, through her long lashes, gratified to observe the stunned expression on his face. Thus encouraged, she stroked and patted once more, and then leaned upward in an obvious effort to reach his face with her lips. Just to enhance the illusion, she pouted those rosy members temptingly.

A tide of dark red was surging up into the man’s dark visage. “What—” He hesitated, clearing his throat fiercely. “What do you think you’re playing at?” he demanded roughly.

Alfreda rolled her eyes at him soulfully. “Showing my deep gratitude for your many kindnesses, dear Mr. Savage,” she breathed softly, still leaning up against his large hard chest. “Your care of my grandmother and myself! Your offer of hospitality and protection! Oh, there is so much to be grateful for, dear Mr. Savage! Or should I—may I?—call you . . . Mark?” The little tease breathed the last word as though it were a caress, and pouted her rosy lips provocatively at the astounded fellow.

Mark surprised her by the swiftness of his recovery. Before she could even bat her eyelashes, she felt a hard blow on her lips. Eyes flashing open, she found herself gazing so closely into a pair of blazing, silver orbs that her own were crossed in an effort to see clearly. And the blow against her mouth had been administered by the man’s lips! He was—kissing her!

Alfreda was so startled by this lightning-fast response to her teasing ploy that for a few minutes she could neither think nor move away from the compromising clasp in which the man held her. A sort of pleasant bemusement rendered her senses languid; she found herself almost luxuriating in the delicious scent and feel and taste of clean male flesh.

Alfreda had never been kissed by a man before. Relishing the unfamiliar sensations, she decided that she liked it very much. And then, striking through her euphoria, came the realization that the cause of her pleasure was the same man who had constantly humiliated, mocked, derided her from the first moment he saw her. What was he doing, kissing her so sweetly? And what was she doing, to let him?

“This has got to stop!” said the little warrior. Unfortunately, the words did not emerge as clearly as she hoped, since the provocative man had his mouth firmly pressed to her own. Her attempt to speak, however, seemed to remind him of the position in which his mouth was placed. He raised his head, a dazed expression on his handsome face.

“What was that?” he murmured, and then, before the girl had a chance to repeat her reproof, he said, “This must stop! At least, while we are in sight of the whole population of the county.”

Alfreda lifted horrified eyes to behold her grandmother, Mr. Savage, Jeremy, Ryan, and two footmen standing on the spacious porch of The Oaks staring at the pair on Mark’s stallion. Too embarrassed to sustain the inspection, Alfreda shut her eyes tightly in the hope that the watchers would disappear.

Not so Mark. “I have never had so sweet a welcome home,” he said gaily. “Lady Alfreda has just asked me to marry her.”

Congratulations, laughter, eager questions railed down around Alfreda’s head like a storm of hail. Stunned, unbelieving, she peered into Mark’s laughing countenance. What was the devil up to now? She was sure she should repudiate his audacious claim, but the absence of criticism or disapproval on all sides stopped her. The girl’s amazed glance went from her grandmother’s smiling countenance to the eagerly happy face of young Jeremy, to meet at last the one gaze she dreaded to encounter. Sidney Savage was staring at her like a man struck by lightning, but as their eyes met, he began to smile!

Alfreda shook her head. It was impossible—a nightmare from which she would wake too soon. Sidney Savage, the man who had been so cruelly betrayed by Lord Dorn, to be presented with that villain’s child as a daughter-in-law! Every feeling must be outraged! Price challenged; principles flaunted! What on earth had Mark Savage been thinking of?

Lady Amelia was regarding her darling Freddi with an indulgent glance. “Perhaps you had better bring her inside, young man,” she told the beaming Mark. “The situation seems to be overpowering her.”

Mark looked down at the girl he was still holding in his arms. He met her stupefied stare with his most devilish grin. “I must have taken a great deal of courage for her to make her declaration,” he said smugly.

This final whopper pushed Alfreda past the point of decorum. She began to struggle to get out of Mark’s arms. He set her down quickly, and she stood, arms akimbo, glaring up at him. the look in her eyes must haves sobered him for a moment, for Mark cravenly turned the stallion’s head toward the stables.

“I’ll just see to Corsair,” he said, with his widest smile. “Lady Amelia, you and my father can see that Lady Freddi gets safely into the house.” And he rode off, chuckling.

“How much of what he said is true?” asked the dowager. “As though I need to ask!”

Alfreda was very much aware of how much her darling grandmama was enjoying all this. Jeremy and his father were attempting to smother their smiles. Alfreda set her small jaw. Fiends take the fellow! He had everyone laughing at her again! Was there no way she could handle Mark Savage’s wicked sense of humor?

And then it hit her. A broad smile made her pretty face enchanting. Fascinated, the observers watched as that smile gentled into a shy, innocently pleading expression. Alfreda lowered her long eyelashes in a gesture of maidenly modesty.

“All of it,” she said simply. “I do hope you will all forgive me, but I was . . . carried away. By Mark’s manly strength and beauty, that is!”

There sounded a trio of gasps. Three pairs of eyes fastened upon that sweetly pleading countenance. The dowager was the first to find breath to speak.

“All of it?” she demanded. “You are telling me that you actually—actually asked—?” She couldn’t frame the rest of the sentence.

I wonder if I can make myself blush? the girl was thinking. Perhaps if I held my breath? She peered under her eyelashes at Mark’s father. The expression on his face rivaled the dowager’s for surprise—shock, even. But there was another emotion that startled the girl. The frail old man seemed pleased at her brazen announcement.

And Jeremy, when she finally looked at him, was grinning broadly. He came toward her, rested his hands lightly on her shoulders, and kissed her cheek gently.

“Welcome to the Savage family, Freddi,” he whispered. And then, even more softly, “Minx!”

So Jeremy at least knows it was a hoax—which apparently misfired! Alfreda looked back at her grandmother. The dowager had the oddest little smile on her face. She held out loving arms.

Thoroughly confused by this unexpected reaction to her naughty game, Alfreda hugged Lady Amelia tenderly. The dowager got one glimpse of her darling Freddi’s bewilderment, and forced herself not to laugh. A marriage to the dashing and handsome Mark Savage would be such a good thing, she thought. I shall try my best not to let the little scamp back out!

She released the girl and, taking one of her hands, led her toward the bemused but evidently not angry Sidney Savage.

“Have we your approval of the match?” challenged the dowager

“I approve heartily,” was the astounding reply. “I second Jeremy’s welcome.”

So they had heard it, and accepted it as fact. Alfreda groaned inwardly. What had gone wrong? She had been so sure that each of the three would have found some reason to object . . . and there were plenty! Oh, why could they not see that the whole ploy was a scheme to disconcert the unbearably smug Mark Savage?

Sighing, the girl allowed herself to be escorted into the house by an effervescent Jeremy. Sidney had offered his arm to the dowager with old-fashioned courtesy enhanced by an air of interested expectancy. The dowager, accepting his assistance, decided that even in the short time she had known this frail, elderly man, he had come out of his sour isolation with a rush. Freddi’s loving heart had given them all new life!

Alfreda’s thoughts as she entered The Oaks were in turmoil. Should she face the wretched Mark and force him to deny his sensational announcement? She had expected that he would reject her playful seductiveness with fear or revulsion. Instead he had neatly turned the tables on her, with his outrageous claim that she had asked him to marry her! Well, he would not be allowed to get away with it! As soon as he reentered the house, she would force him to take a stand! She had gleefully anticipated his embarrassment, and the arrogantly creature had neatly tossed the challenge back into her lap! What was worse, the people most immediately concerned, his family and her grandmother, seemed to be accepting the whole miserable fiasco with approval!

But when Mark came into the drawing room a few minutes later, he was wearing a serious expression. He had a letter in his hand.

“This just arrived by courier from London,” he explained. “It is addressed to you, Lady Amelia, and marked ‘Urgent.’ ”

The dowager waved it away. “You open it, dear boy. I think I have had all the —surprises I can handle today.” She smiled at the blushing Alfreda.

Mark opened the missive and scanned it quickly. “It is from your man of law, Thomas North,” he said. “It seems that Lord Dorn has agreed to leave for the Continent in three days, and is taking Roger with him.”

There was a palpable wave of relief among the listeners, and an exchange of smiles.

“That takes care of our worst fear,” exclaimed Jeremy. “Only three days more to keep up our guard, and then, presto! We are free of concern for our guests!”

“I shall never feel free of concern until I have a guarantee that Roger Dorn has sailed,” said Sidney slowly. “Could it be a trick?”

“I doubt that Roger would be able to persuade the Norths to write such a letter unless they were assured of its truth,” said Mark slowly. “In fact, I would not be surprised if one of them did not see the Dorns off on the ship.” As I should like to do, his attitude conveyed.

At dinner that evening, a deep current of happiness kept the party laughing and teasing. By common consent, nothing more had been said about the startling announcement Mark had made. It was as if, thought Alfreda, the two Savages and her grandmother were waiting—as though at a fascinating drama—for the dénouement.

I’m dashed if I’ll give them anything more to laugh about, the girl decided, watching the amused expectation on her companions’ faces with increasing ill-humor. She tried for a surface sweetness, and succeeded well enough to fool everybody but Mark. That rascal knew exactly how angry she was becoming, and his smugly triumphant expression revealed how much he was enjoying her plight. Handle this little bluestocking termagant, his wicked smile was saying.

Alfreda vowed she would have revenge upon the ruthless manipulator. Let him beware! It would have helped her bruised sensitivities if she could have thought of some way to pay the rascal back. Her mind continued to work frantically for a satisfactory resolution to the problem.

Everyone else seemed to be enjoying the meal very much. When the last course had been brought in, Mark signaled to Ryan to fill everyone’s glass. Alfreda caught the gesture, and understood his ploy. She treated the smiling fellow to her most terrifying glare. If you dare to propose a toast to me or to our supposed engagement, I shall drown you! she threatened silently.

Mark, eyes on her stormy little countenance, hesitated. And then, raising his glass, said, “To our delightful guests, Lady Amelia and Lady Freddi!” All three men rose and honored the toast.





Chapter 19



The next three days passed in a state of armed truce: Alfreda was armed for battle, and the rest of the party sought only to maintain the truce. Mark was on his best behavior. Alfreda gritted her teeth as she watched him charm her grandmother, draw out his father, and tease his young brother. And all the while his behavior toward herself was faultless: eager to please, courteous . . . an act! The girl could not believe that only she could see the sparkle of wicked mockery in her tormentor’s eyes.

His audience seemed to be enjoying every minute of Mark’s performance. They were in no hurry to see it cut short by any awkward questions or confrontations. As the days passed, the girl finally realized that her companions were well aware of the game Mark was playing. Where, Alfreda cried out silently, was decorum? Where was decent behavior? She became more and more angry at the seductive, outrageous sweetness of her opponent’s manner. As though he really were wooing her! All false, of course!

As she had done on earlier occasions, she asked herself what the villain could be trying to accomplish with this ploy. Was he really interested in her? The very idea that he might be brought a strange, unfamiliar warmth to the region below her ribs—as though a hot, moist pool was whirling inside her, and she was sinking, drowning . . . .

Taking herself firmly in hand, Alfreda stamped on such unworthy emotions. Whatever the wretched Mark was trying to do, he would not succeed in bamboozling Alfreda Green!

Another message came from the Norths on the fourth day, announcing that Roger Dorn had picked up the two tickets the lawyers had secured for the Dorns’ passage to Spain. It seemed that the Dorns were now safely on their way, bag and baggage. Thomas North added that, in his opinion, the family would stay there, “for there is nothing left for them here in England but ruin or disgrace.”

There was a general jubilation as Mark read out the contents of the letter. Oddly enough, Alfreda could not join in. She had reason to know how coldly selfish, insensitive, and ruthless was the mind of Alfred Dorn, and how brutally vicious his illegitimate son Roger could be. The message said nothing about seeing the Dorns off at quayside, only that Roger had picked up the tickets.

Alfreda hesitated to cast a damper on the rejoicing. Both the dowager and Sidney Savage had suffered great wrong at Lord Dorn’s hands, and Roger’s attempt to hurt Alfreda had not endeared him to any of the company. Mark still seethed at the memory of the loosened linchpin that might easily have resulted in crippling injury or death to Jeremy or himself. It was understandable that they would all be happy to see the last of the vicious Dorns. Why, then, Alfreda asked herself, could she not share their joy?

Because I cannot believe they have given up so easily, she decided. Remembering a father who coolly rejected his infant daughter to insure his own comfort; recalling vividly the hard cruelty of Roger’s choking grip on her throat, and the things he had done, smiling, to make her scream . . . her very flesh cringed at the memory.

At last Alfreda admitted that there was another reason why she was unable to join in the lighthearted celebration. The disturbing thought had come to her as she watched Mark’s dark, smiling countenance, caught the flash of his white-toothed smile. . . . If Lord Dorn and Roger were truly out of England forever, there was no further reason for the dowager and Alfreda to remain at The Oaks. No need to stay near the maddening, attractive male whose melting silver glances did queer things to a woman’s composure.

Feeling foolishly devastated, Alfreda lifted her eyes—and beheld the seductive male’s challenging smile directed at her, teasing, mocking, demanding . . . . Demanding what?

Because she did not understand her own feelings, and was aware that she was trembling in response to that penetrating glance, Alfreda flew into a temper. But this time, she was able to control her anger under a tight rein of civility. She returned his challenging smile with one of honeyed sweetness.

“Yes, Mark? What is it?”

Let him start the battle, if he dared.

Mark seemed to sense her attitude. “What shall we do to celebrate our pleasure at the enemy’s rout?” he asked softly.

“Well, my grandmother and I will start packing for our return to the city,” Alfreda said firmly. “Our gratitude for your father’s hospitality can never be adequate! He has literally saved our lives, and we shall be eternally grateful! So much so, that we cannot impose longer upon his privacy!” She turned the sweet smile upon a disconcerted Sidney, a dumbfounded Lady Amelia, and a devastated Jeremy. It was the latter who recovered first.

“You don’t mean it, Freddi! Say you don’t! We are all so happy here together! Why must you go?”

The dowager pursed her lips, and regarded her difficult, headstrong grandchild with narrowed gaze. What was the little witch up to now? Surely she did not wish to leave The Oaks? They had never been happier! Was it Mark’s subtle teasing, his undercover battle of wits, that had disturbed the chit? And what, Lady Amelia thought despairingly, could a mere grandmother do to bring the child to her senses?

She glanced at Mark Savage, and felt her doubts and fears fading away. That splendid, virile male would have the answer, she was confident. If he really wanted the girl, he would never allow her to slip away from him without a struggle. Reassured, she sat back to enjoy the coming conflict.

Mark surprised her. Slowly his smile faded, and his handsome face seemed to become a mask. After a long—and for the suddenly nervous Alfreda—embarrassing pause, he said coldly, “Of course you must be eager to return to the lights and delights of the metropolis! How could we have been so selfish as to hope that you might relish our rustic hospitality!”

This was battle à outrance, thought the shocked Alfreda. Why had her gently taunting, slyly humorous adversary turned into this stiff-rumped, damn-your eyes antagonist? Had her too quickly formed plan of action unwittingly wounded his male pride at a vulnerable level? Alfreda figuratively wrung her hands in fresh anxiety. Would she never be able to deal with this man on a sensible basis? Must she always be throwing mulled ale over his new coat? She glanced at her grandmother, but that wise old woman was letting her handle her blunder by herself. Then the girl looked at the old man, whose pallid face had taken on new life and interest in the last few days. He was staring at her now, bewildered by the decision which he must feel was unfriendly, if not a total rejection of his hospitality.

There was only one course to pursue. Alfreda squared her shoulders.

“I was trying to get back at Mark because he has been teasing me for days,” she said in a firm little voice. “I have never been happier, more at home, than since my grandmama and I have shared your wonderful hospitality. I am not good at social graces—as I am sure you must all realize,” she added, with a rueful grimace. “I have”—she swallowed a lump in her throat—“I have not known how to deal with the . . . the powerful attraction I feel for your son, Mr. Savage.” She attempted a smile. Her lips trembled in a way which Mark Savage, cursing himself for his heavy-handed reprisal, found particularly unnerving. Had he ruined everything?

The room was painfully still as the four listeners waited for the girl to continue.

Glancing from her grandmother to Sidney Savage, Alfreda went on. “I don’t know whether or not he told you, but I poured a mug of mulled ale over Mark’s new driving coat the first time we met. . . . “

Mark could no longer bear to witness his little love debasing herself for his sake. He interrupted the forlorn confession with the warmest, most possessive smile anyone had ever seen upon his face.

“You see why I trapped this irresistible small siren into a declaration of marriage?” he challenged them all. “I always knew she must love me, because I loved her the first moment I set eyes on her dowdy black hat, and the beautiful red-gold hair under it! I was sure that a feeling so special and powerful could not be one-sided. The very Fates themselves had decreed it. And then”—he paused, grinning at the thunderstricken looks on every face, including Alfreda’s—“and then my little tormentor spurned me! My whole time since that first night, at the Pot O’Gold has been spent in planning and executing a campaign to win my lady. And when the golden opportunity finally came—when you witnessed our kiss while we were seated on Corsair—I knew I had won my prize. Only my damned sense of humor got in the way—and I told you she had asked me to marry her!”

There was a murmur of laughter—a pleased, approving sound—before Mark went on, holding the dazed but hopeful girl’s gaze with his own. “Of course, the little witch had punched me in the eye, and then driven me crazy with a teasing seduction”—he caught a spark of temper in Alfreda’s glance and hastened to add—“in which I cooperated wholeheartedly! I admit it! So my cursed sense of humor took over again, and I made my announcement.” He took a deep breath. “What I should have said was, ‘I am going to ask Lady Alfreda to marry me!”

Beaming, he glanced around the circle of smiling faces, looking last at his beloved girl.

She was smiling, but not speaking.

“Well?” the man prodded. Wasn’t she going to answer? Had he been wrong—?

“Of course I’ll marry you, Mark Savage! How could a mere woman defy the dictates of the Fates? If even Zeus is said to be subject to their decisions, who am I to cavil at them?”

“My adorable bluestocking,” murmured the man, his relief and joy obvious to everyone.

“There are, however, a few small matters which must be dealt with before we can . . .” Even her impish sense of humor faltered before the troubled expressions that came over her grandmother’s and Sidney Savage’s faces. “Oh, Mark, you idiot! Why don’t you kiss me and stop this wayward tongue of mine from making any more blunders? Where is the arrogant, self-willed, irresistible wretch I fell in love with?”

Mark showed his lady where her arrogant lover was, to the obvious delight of Lady Amelia, Sidney, and Jeremy. In fact, he enjoyed the exercise so much that he quite forgot his audience, and had finally to be recalled to proper decorum by a series of coughs from all three watchers.

“It is not that we disapprove of your behavior, son,” his grinning parent advised him. “It is only that we all feel, if a wedding is to be arranged, the principal actor should begin to set about it!”

This statement was universally applauded.

Dinner that evening was a festive affair, with more toasts with rare old vintages than were advisable for anyone who wished to keep a level head on her shoulders, Alfreda thought, unable to keep her eyes off the triumphant expression on Mark’s handsome face. Was he really so delighted with the cage he had allowed himself to be pushed into? A little wrathfully, the girl glanced around at the circle of pleased, smiling faces. Why did they all look so smug? Lady Amelia exactly resembled the cat who had just trapped and swallowed the canary; Sidney Savage, beaming at his guests, his pale face for once flushed with good color; Jeremy, acting as though the whole thing had been brought about by his personal foresight and contrivance! As also were the servants, especially Campbell, tall and gaunt in his kilts, whose habitual dour, suspicious glare had softened into something which faintly resembled approval.

Trembling, the girl considered her own inadequacies, and knew a quiver of quite chilling fear that this magic moment was all too beautiful to last.





Chapter 20



Lady Amelia summoned the butler, Ryan, to her in the ladies’ parlor the following morning. She knew that Mark and Jeremy had ridden off to Magistrate Seller’s home early that day to put the wedding plans into motion. With her major concern so delightfully settled, the dowager now turned her attention to the equally provocative situation of her host. She knew, from things which had been said, that the old man had been almost a total recluse for many years, and would probably have remained so until he died had not her little gadfly of a granddaughter set the whole family into delightful chaos. Amelia’s mouth curved into a smile. What a treasure her Freddi had turned out to be! How Penelope would have loved the girl! And how it would have delighted her gentle, retiring daughter to watch the sparkling little creature who was her daughter!

Ryan presented himself and asked how he might serve milady. The dowager met him eye to eye. “It seems to me—and you must correct me if I am mistaken,” she said quietly, “that your master has enjoyed this—ah—explosion into his privacy Lady Freddi and I have caused.”

Ryan bowed, not bothering to suppress a smile. “Nothing in the last twenty years has done him so much good,” he said sincerely. “The staff join me in expressing our thanks for your visit, milady.”

“Then perhaps you will advise me,” she said, making a charming gesture of mock alarm, “since I am terrified to ask Mr. Savage’s Scottish retainer!—whether an invitation to join me in a leisurely drive around the neighborhood might be prejudicial to your master’s health . . . or a wretched bore for him?”

Ryan’s smile broke into a wide grin. “I’ll tell Tom Coachman to have our open barouche outside the door in half an hour! If that will suit milady?”

“And who is to inform Campbell?” murmured the dowager.

“That task shall also be mine, Lady Amelia,” promised the efficient Ryan.

Thus it was that half an hour later the elegant, small barouche, old-fashioned but supremely comfortable, rolled away from the imposing front entrance of The Oaks, blessed by bright sunshine and a pleasant, flower-scented breeze. The dowager had an errant thought that this charming situation should more properly have been enjoyed by the newly affianced couple, but set that idea aside in the interests of revitalizing her gentle host.

Sidney Savage actually looked very well this morning. The good color that had livened his cheeks the night before was still present in a measure, and his eyes held a light of interest and speculation.

“This is—a rare privilege, Lady Amelia,” he began a trifle hesitantly. “I feel as though I should be asking, ‘To what do I owe this honor?’ ”

The dowager grinned impishly. “You’d be terrified if I told you,” she confessed.

His glance sharpened; for the first time in years a wicked twinkle entered his eyes. “I’m too young for you, ma’am,” he teased. “Besides being out of practice.”

The dowager giggled. “Naughty man!” she said, highly pleased. “You know I didn’t mean . . . !”

“I’m disappointed,” said the grinning man.

“Be sensible,” Lady Amelia begged. “I asked you to accompany me on this delightful drive so that I might discuss with you the possibility that you spend at least a little time as my guest in London, after the children are married. Oh, I promise you I would not force you to attend a series of boring functions! I believe—”

The gleam of amusement faded from Sidney’s eyes and he reached out to touch the dowager’s hand gently. “Please don’t apologize,” he said softly. “Of course I’ll accept your invitation! Those children will need a chaperone when they toddle up to the city for the season.” He sighed. “And I must admit, Lady Amelia, that I’d like to see what London looks like. It’s been a long time.”

“You’d better call me Amelia,” said the dowager, her eyes sparkling. It was going to be an interesting season!





Mark and Jeremy were hastening back to The Oaks to impart their good news to Sidney, Lady Amelia, and, most importantly, Alfreda. The all-important ceremony had been arranged for the following week, and Mark was hard put to keep his joyous exuberance from showing. Jeremy was not deceived.

“Better mind your p’s and q’s, laddie!” he warned loftily. “If you get any more corky, you’ll explode!”

“Wretched boy!” said Mark happily. One week! And it could have been three if he hadn’t made this special effort today! His full-throated laugh echoed Jeremy’s.

They were bowling up the long driveway that led to The Oaks when they spotted Sidney’s barouche pulling up at the front door. Good! He’s taken the ladies for a drive, was Mark’s first thought. And the second: He’s changed since they’ve been here—bless them! He said as much to Jeremy.

Failing to get a reply, Mark glanced at his young brother. Jeremy was frowning. Two figures were mounting the broad front steps, and the barouche was drawing away along the circling drive.

“Where’s Freddi?” asked the younger man.

Mark lashed his horses. Then, pulling the alarmed and angry beasts up short at the steps, he flung the reins at Jeremy. “Take ’em to the stables!” he commanded, “and roust out the grooms!” Then he ran up the wide steps and entered the great hall minutes after the older couple.

“Where is Freddi? He demanded, almost rudely.

Two startled faces turned to meet his glare.

“Why . . . somewhere about,” faltered the dowager. “I suppose—”

A carefully tight-voiced Ryan came toward them.

“Roger Dorn wishes to see you in the library, sir,” he said, his eyes tortured with regret and shame.” He slipped past us and found Lady Freddi in the library. He’s drunk and he has a knife!”





Chapter 21



It was a wild-eyed brute who met them in the shadowy book room, but all three who entered could see only the small girlish figure held so tightly against Roger’s massive frame. One huge arm caught her just below her breasts; the other hand held a knife against her slender throat.

Mark looked finally into Roger Dorn’s swollen, gloating countenance. “What do you want to let her go, Dorn?” he said quietly. “How much?”

Roger laughed—an eerie, chilling sound.

“Ready to beg, Savage? Grovel for her? I’m going to see you on your knees!”

Mark came forward slowly, hands held loosely at his sides, offering no single hostile gesture that might bring harm to Freddi.

“Stop right there!” commanded her captor. “I’ll tell you when to move—when I’m ready!” He was breathing very heavily, and his eyes were blazing with the flame of madness.

“How much?” repeated Mark. “A thousand pounds? Two thousand?”

Roger ignored that for the moment. Nothing was going to deprive him of one moment of his revenge. In his drink-inflamed mind, this was his moment of triumph—rich repayment for all the slights and injuries this man had ever offered him. The memory of his last visit to this room was etched into his brain with acid: the unbearably lofty sneer in Savage’s voice, the golden coins rolling across the carpet toward him, the moment when he sank to his knees to scrabble for them. . . .

“On your knees, Savage!” he gritted triumphantly, “or I throw her to you—piece by piece!”

Just as you threw me those coins. . . .

He’s mad, Mark realized with agony. Insane! How can I reach him? It was impossible to take his gaze from the knife against that soft throat.

Time. That was his only hope. Buy some time to . . . to do what?

Slowly he sank to one knee. A wide grin spread across Roger’s face.

At almost the same instant, Alfreda, who had been understandably silent thus far, said clearly, “Roger, your name means ‘famous with the spear.’ Did you know that?”

Before Roger, suddenly frowning, could reply to that interesting bit of trivia, the dowager spoke firmly, “Roger, I am your grandmother-in-law. We are all family here, and I order you to let your sister go before you do something we’ll all regret!”

And Sidney asked, with an irrelevance that amounted in Mark’s view, to madness, “What does my name stand for, Alfreda?”

“Good counselor,” replied the girl, smugly.

“Where did you learn about names?” Sidney asked, as calmly as though they were all seated around a tea table.

Roger’s bulging eyes were moving from one to another of these fools who didn’t seem to recognize their extreme danger. Echoes of their conversation began to move back and forth in his mind, catching his attention, drawing it away from his purpose. . . . All family here . . . bruised . . . healing . . . famous with the spear . . . all family here! He found himself waiting to hear whatever else this—his sister would have to say.

“Oh,” Alfreda’s small voice came from close to his chest, “Mrs. Green was interested in the meaning of names. She brought me up, you know. I didn’t know I had a brother. I’m glad I have you to protect me, Roger, now I’ve signed the paper for you.”

Mark’s head swam dizzily. My God! he thought, what are they all up to? They’re as crazy as he is! They’ll drive him over the edge! He tried to catch Roger’s wavering, uncertain stare. Those rolling eyes were downcast now, toward the frail girl he held so fiercely.

And then his voice came, dragging heavily, revealing to them all the depths of his dark despair.

“They left me, you know,” he said. “My mother and—that man. He told me we were going together. Told me to pick up the tickets. And then, when the carriage came, she was in it and he told me to . . . he said he didn’t need me any longer, he’d made better arrangements—”

Alfreda couldn’t endure the pain in that harsh voice. Raising one hand, she moved the knife from her throat and turned gently to place her arms around Roger’s shoulders. “I need you, Roger,” she said. “Our father threw me away, too. We need each other.”

The knife fell from Roger’s fingers and landed with a soft thud on the carpet. Mark rose slowly to his feet. Everyone else was afraid to move, but Mark walked carefully toward the two figures near the desk.

The man was crying. Tears coursed down the blank face, but no sound emerged from between the parted lips. Gently, Mark put his own arm around the bowed shoulders, his other hand coming up slowly to pull the girl away.

“We’re all family,” he murmured. It was all he could think to say. He led Roger to a chair and helped him into it. Then he turned and gave the rest of the group a warning glance.

Sidney came forward to stand at the other side of the chair. “Let me help you up to your room, Roger,” he said quietly. “You must be very tired.”

With Mark’s support, the hulking fellow rose to his feet and permitted himself to be led from the room by Sidney and Mark.

When they were gone, and the door closed after them by a white-faced Ryan, the dowager turned to Alfreda, opened her arms, and said, “Freddi!” with such love that the girl flew into her embrace, crying softly.

At which moment Jeremy burst through the French doors, brandishing a rock in one fist, a light of battle in his eyes.

The two women regarded his aroused expression judicially.

“What does Jeremy mean?” asked Lady Amelia, calmly.

“Exalted,” replied Alfreda, equally calmly.

The dowager pursed her lips. “Well, he does look in alt,” she opined.

The youth stared at them as though they were insane.

“Where’s Roger?” he demanded. “The grooms told me—”

“I imagine he’s resting,” said the dowager. “Your father and Mark are—tucking him in.”

Jeremy’s face fell. “I always miss all the fun,” he said crossly.

The two women looked at one another and then tried to smile.

“Fun,” said Lady Amelia.





An hour later, when the doctor had come and administered a sleep-inducing drug, Mark sought out the waiting Alfreda. His first words were a reassurance.

“My father and I have decided to help him” he said quietly.” He’s resting now, and he’ll be dazed for quite a while, Dr. Andrews thinks.”

“He won’t change—” began the girl doubtfully.

“Oh, we know that,” Mark assured her. “He’s still Roger Dorn, and he wouldn’t want to stay here with us any more than we’d be comfortable having him. But he’s had a bad shock, and he’s hurt—”

“So you and Sidney are going to help him back on his feet,” concluded Alfreda, with a warm, loving smile.

“We’ll try to get him work somewhere,” admitted the man. “Preferably somewhere far away,” he concluded wryly.

He walked over to a chair and sat down. The events of the last two hours had taken more out of him than he wished to admit. To his surprise, he found that his hands were shaking and he felt smothered.

Dear God, I’m not going to faint in front of her, am I? He put his head in his hands.

Alfreda knew exactly how he was feeling, because she was feeling the same way herself. She walked over to her big, beautiful man and stood in front of his bowed figure. Raising her hands, she placed them gently on either side of his head and lifted it to her breast. She cradled him there lovingly.

With a deep sigh, Mark relaxed against her softness.

They remained in that position for long moments, drinking in the wonderful sweetness and reassurance of each other’s presence.

She smells like flowers, Mark thought, and like love; and I’ll never be able to get enough of her.

And the girl thought, cradling the man’s head close to her, I’ve come home! This, oh, this is my place!

And then Mark’s beloved deep voice, with that gleam of amusement, came to her ears.

“What does Mark mean?” he asked softly.

Everything! The girl thought. And he knows it, the wretch! So she said, equally softly, pressing his head against her breast, “It means you’ve made an impression, of course.”

Her lover lifted his face to hers, smiling triumphantly.





About the author



Elizabeth Chater was the author of more than 24 novels and countless short stories. She received a B.A. from the University of British Columbia and an M.A. from San Diego State University, and joined the faculty of the latter in 1963 where she began a lifelong friendship with science fiction author Greg Bear. She was honored with The Distinguished Teacher award in 1969, and was awarded Outstanding Professor of the Year in 1977. After receiving her Professor Emeritus, she embarked on a new career as a novelist with Richard Curtis as her agent. In the 1950s and 60s she published short stories in Fantastic Universe Magazine and The Saint Mystery Magazine, and she won the Publisher’s Weekly short story contest in 1975. She went on to publish 22 romance novels over an 8 year period. She also wrote under the pen names Lee Chater, Lee Chaytor, and Lisa Moore. For more information, please visit http://www.elizabethchater.com.





Other books by Elizabeth Chater



HISTORICAL ROMANCE

A Season For The Heart

Miss Cayley’s Unicorn

The Marriage Mart

The Runaway Debutante

The Duke’s Dilemma

The Gamester

The Elsingham Portrait

Milady Hot-At-Hand

Lord Randal’s Tiger

The Random Gentleman

Angela

A Delicate Situation

Emerald Love

The Reformed Rake

The King’s Doll

Lady Dearborn’s Debut

A Place for Alfreda

A Time to Love

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #1

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #2

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #3

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #4





MODERN ROMANCE

Lauren’s Designs





SCIENCE FICTION

The Big Sling

Bait For The Tiger

Operation Disaster (Short Story)

The Treasure of Mars (Short Story)





MYSTERY

A Course in Murder

Miss Sillithorpe's Hobby (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

Infernal Triangle (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

The Brotherhood of Darkness (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)





