THE ELIZABETH CHATER REGENCY ROMANCE COLLECTION



#1





The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #1

Kindle Edition





A Season for the Heart

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1981

Cover image “Sweet Solitude” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





The Duke’s Dilemma

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1986

Cover image “Off” by Edmund Blair Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons.

Source





The Random Gentleman

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1981

Cover image “Courtship” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





The Marriage Mart

Copyright Elizabeth Chater 1983

Cover image “Sighing the register” by Edmund Leighton [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons

Source





Copyright Chater Publishing 2013

All rights reserved. Printed with permission.



This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to people living or dead is purely coincidental.



The publisher would like to thank Jerry Chater for transcribing the following documents.



For more information about the amazing life of Elizabeth Chater, please visit:

Elizabethchater.com



For more books by Chater Publishing, please visit: Chater Publishing





Table of contents

A SEASON FOR THE HEART

THE DUKE’S DILEMMA

THE RANDOM GENTLEMAN

THE MARRIAGE MART

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

OTHER BOOKS BY ELIZABETH CHATER





A SEASON FOR THE HEART





Elizabeth Chater





For M.T.C

A man after my own heart





Table of Contents A Season for the Heart

One

Two

Three

Four

Five

Six

Seven

Eight

Nine

Ten

Eleven

Twelve

Thirteen

Fourteen

Fifteen

Sixteen

Seventeen

Eighteen

Nineteen

Twenty





One



Miss Melpomene Rand staggered the last hundred yards down the highroad toward the Climbing Man Inn. She was almost blinded by the driving rain, and she was drenched to the skin. Although it was barely noon, lights gleamed from all the windows through the gray haze of the storm. Clenching her fists for a last effort, Pommy admitted to herself that she could not have gone much farther. Visions of herself lying in a ditch, all—or perhaps only partly—covered by icy rainwater, flitted through her mind. In the novel she had been reading by candlelight in her room for the last few evenings, the Heroine, one Indefensa, had been left for dead in just such a storm-battered ditch by bandidos who had stopped her coach and robbed her of all her jewels and money. Although her own situation was nothing like that of the girl in the novel, Pommy, recalling Indefensa’s sad plight, shivered and hastened toward the warmth and safety of the inn.

The loneliness of the life she had lived since her grandfather died had forced the girl into her greatest, in fact her only, comfort—reading. Her uncle’s library was a shabby holding, nothing like the wonderful, if predominantly scholarly, collection her grandfather had shared so happily with her, but Pommy had been able to borrow a number of Romances from the daughters of her mother’s old friends, and even once in a while from Mrs. Appledore at the inn, when travelers left them in their rooms after spending the night at the Climbing Man.

Indefensa, or, the Blighted Heroine had been the latest of these windfalls, and, to Pommy’s unsophisticated mind, by far the most exciting. The dreadful experiences which befell the hapless but beautiful heroine exerted a powerful fascination upon the imagination of a girl who had never known anything but a quiet village and the home of a scholarly country vicar. Indefensa had suffered a shipwreck, from which she had been rescued at the last gasp by a gallant, if mysterious, stranger; a duel á outrance with herself as the prize; a kidnapping; two robberies; incarcerations both accidental and deliberate in ruined castles and city cellars. And her disappointments in Love . . .! Poor Indefensa had been obliged to watch not one but four handsome sailors wrenched from her grasp by, in turn, drowning, a sword fight, the Black Plague and a voluptuous Rival. It seemed to Pommy, whose greatest recent miseries had been the bad temper of her aunt and the petty malice of her two cousins, that such dramatic woes as the Defenseless One suffered were much to be preferred to her own dull and uncomfortable existence.

At this moment she was jarred out of her musings by tripping over the lowest of the steps leading up to the inn doorway. She was thankful for the bad weather which kept folk within doors and unable to see her clumsiness. Pommy hurried around to the rear of the inn to the kitchens, being unwilling to go through the main rooms in her bedraggled condition. Everyone who lived in Sayre Village had known the Reverend Augustus Mayo’s granddaughter from a child, and she knew it would distress most of them to see to what depths Miss Melpomene Rand had fallen.

In the warm, bright, good-smelling kitchen, Mrs. Appledore exclaimed when she caught sight of Pommy. She drew the girl to the huge stove and pulled up a stool for her.

“Sit down, my dearie! You’re shivering! Doll will bring you a warm drink. Whatever can you have been thinking of, then, to venture out on a day like this?”

Pommy smiled gratefully up into the plump, rosy face bent over hers. “I had to meet the mail coach. You remember that we leave for London tomorrow, and Ceci’s new cloak is to be delivered here today.” She smiled. “You know she could not leave without it!”

“Plymouth coach is an hour late already,” sniffed Mrs. Appledore, hiding her distress at the cold, pinched look on the girl’s face. “Why did they send you? And you walked, of course.”

“Can you see Uncle Charles ordering his new carriage out in this weather? Besides, the grooms are busy working on it, preparing it for the trip.”

“Well, you’ll stay here in the warm, and dry out until the coach does arrive, Miss Pommy. If you’ll excuse me now, I’ll just give Doll a hand. The inns’s full, what with this weather, and everyone’s hungry.”

After a few minutes Pommy realized that she was in the way of the bustling activity around the stove, and quietly took her warm drink into the passage which led from kitchen to taproom, thinking to stand there out of the way until she had finished the hot sweet tea. But the side door from the house to the stable opened into this hallway, and it was bitterly cold. So Pommy went toward the taproom, where several high-backed settles gave privacy and protection from drafts to the tables between them. The taproom was cozy, crowded, and poorly lit. Pommy slipped unobtrusively into the first cubby, empty because it was the darkest and the farthest from the bar, and prepared to rest in the warmth until the mail coach arrived.

Exhausted by her battle with the storm, she leaned her head against the high back of the settle and drew a long, shuddering breath. She had not been seated above two minutes when she heard a gruff voice from the other side of the wooden partition. At first she could not distinguish the words above the muted clamor of voices in the taproom, but suddenly one phrase caught her attention and she turned her head to press her ear against the thin wood.

“—the Rand kerridge . . . can’t miss it . . . painted red wi’ yella wheels . . . women’s sparklers . . . store of cash—”

Pommy stiffened. The Rand carriage! A second voice was murmuring.

“How many inside?”

“Squire, his missus, three girls. An abigail, too, most like.”

“. . . a crowd. Won’t Squire ride alongside?”

“In this rain?” scoffed the gruffer voice. “If anyone goes outside it’ll be the maid, or the poor relation.”

“A gal? ’E’d never—”

“From all I ’ear tell, they’d as soon have her pullin’ the kerridge as ridin’ in it. Squire’s family uses the gal as a drudge . . . ’er pay is as like to be a blow as tuppence.”

The voices were louder now, and less guarded.

“Well, that’s all of ’em inside the kerridge, then. Does Squire carry a pair o’ pops?”

“—you not to worry? We’ll ’ave ours out an’ ready while the old gager’s still figgerin’ out what’s to do!” the voice lowered conspiratorially and Pommy pressed her ear painfully against the wooden seat back. “. . . ’old my pops on ’em and you get the cash box. Built in under back seat, it is—about the middle—”

The other voice rose in a sharp whine. “Let me ’old ’em up, an’ you get the dibs an’ sparklers, Quint!”

“Stow yer gab!” came the sharply hissed order. Then after a moment’s silence. “Why’re you so ’ot to ’andle the barkers, Jib?”

“It’s not so much what I wants as what I don’t want,” admitted Jib in a subdued whine.

“What’s that ’sposed to mean?” growled Quint.

“Don’t want to be fumblin’ around ’mongst all them females’ skirts to find the cash. You gotta figger them women’ll be screamin’ an’ kickin’ an’ carryin’ on like Bedlam—”

This excuse was greeted with coarse laughter. “We can ’ave ’em all out onto road whilst you nabbles the dibs. Never figured you to be scared of a bunch of skirts!”

“It’s what’s in ’em,” pleaded his companion. “I can’t abide historical females.”

“Maybe you think we should shoot ’em all first?” sneered the leader.

Pommy waited to hear no more. She turned and ran down the narrow passageway toward the kitchen, her heart pounding in her chest. So extreme was her agitation, and so dark the passageway, that she caromed headlong off a huge male figure which was just entering the inn through the stable doorway. Strong arms shot out to steady her, and she was clasped against a wet riding cloak.

“What have we here?” queried a lazy, good-humored voice.

“Oh, sir,” gasped Pommy, peering up through the gloom in an effort to discern the face above her, “there are highwaymen in the taproom who are planning to rob my uncle’s carriage tomorrow!”

There was a silence, during which the Stranger continued to hold Pommy’s wet and shivering body comfortably close. Then he said, “And what would you do, child, if I were one of the conspirators, just coming in to join the council?”

Pommy lifted her chin. “Give me credit for some perception, sir! Your voice is that of an educated man, and your—your attire suggests that highway robbery is not necessary to support you.”

The Mysterious Stranger threw back his head with a shout of laughter. “To think that I should be blessed with such an encounter at the Climbing Man! It is pure Cheltenham! Let me ask you, madame, could I not be a nobleman fallen upon hard times, who is seeking to recruit his fallen fortunes by consorting with a gang of footpads?”

“Highwaymen,” corrected Pommy absently, but her heart had lifted with a thrill of delight. No one had ever entered into her fantasies so directly, so richly, before! It was unbearable that, at the moment when she seemed to have found a kindred spirit, the fantasy should be reality, and the amused sharing of the game a hindrance to saving her family from disaster.

The Stranger noted her unconscious sigh, and the steadiness with which she faced his scrutiny. “You are serious, then? What evidence can you produce, Cassandra?”

Added pleasure! The Stranger was literate, acquainted with the Greek tale of Priam’s daughter, “prognosticating woe”—and invariably correct in her gloomy prophecies!

Somehow she did not feel alarm at the comfortable clasp in which the gentleman still held her. She said, in her clear soft voice, “I have just overheard two men in the next-to-last booth in the taproom discussing the robbery of Squire Rand’s carriage on its way to London tomorrow. They decided they would do the job between Bodmin and Launceston. Their names are Quint and—uh—Jib.”

The big man’s arms tightened a little and then released her. “You are serious, then. There is no denying the down-to-earth validity of such names as Quint and—uh—Jib.”

Although he was still teasing her, Pommy heard the note of decision in his deep voice.

“Suppose you continue to the kitchen or wherever you were heading so hastily to get help, and I shall reconnoiter the terrain. Meanwhile, say nothing to anyone.”

“May I not wait for you here?” pleaded Pommy. “It is too much to hope that Mrs. Appledore would not get it out of me, if I go to the kitchen now.” She said awkwardly, “She is a good woman, and has known me all my life.”

“You had better come with me, then. I do not wish you to be hanging about in this drafty passage. Did you not realize you are soaked to the skin? It is not at all the thing, you know,” the Stranger said sternly.

Pommy crept after his huge figure as it moved, cat quiet, toward the taproom. At her direction, they slipped into the rear cubby, still mercifully empty, and the Stranger leaned his head against the wooden settle back as Pommy had done earlier. For a long moment he waited, frowning, and was just turning away when his attention was suddenly arrested. He listened, then motioned Pommy back into the passage. Following her, he said quietly, “There is something afoot. Is your carriage in the stable—no, wet as you are, you did not come in a carriage. Did you ride or walk?”

“Walked,” said Pommy.

“Then return to your home at once. Do not mention this adventure to your family. I shall recruit Appledore and the village constable to deal with these bravos.” His handsome face broke into a wide grin of pleasure. “You have succeeded in brightening a day I had condemned as the most boring of my life, caught in this less than scintillating hamlet by the storm and a broken axle. My thanks, madame! No, I must know your name—if you please?”

“I am Melpomene Rand,” the girl said shyly.

“Your parents surpassed themselves,” complimented the Stranger. “Melpomene—one of the Muses, surely?”

“Patron of Tragedy and lyre playing,” explained Pommy. “My grandfather frequently said it had influenced my imagination to Romantic excesses.”

The Stranger smiled so warmly that Pommy’s heart began pounding again. “No home with you to safety, Melpomene Rand, and let your champion do battle for your family.”

Pommy hesitated.

“You prefer that I should not interfere in your personal melodrama?” inquired the big gentleman, smiling. “Perhaps I should have consulted you. What was it your intention to do about this challenge, had I not come upon the stage?”

“I had thought,” said the girl, “to save them all, and die in the attempt. That would teach them a lesson.”

“Indeed? But is that not rather extreme? Why would you not rather warn them of what you overheard, so that they might either postpone their journey or take enough servants to foil the attempt? Thus earning their undying gratitude?”

Pommy appeared displeased with these alternatives. “It would not do at all. To begin with, they would say it was just another of Pommy’s silly starts, and then, when it was proven true, they would say I should have warned them. It would do no good to remind them that I had done so. They would not believe me. In either case, gratitude would be the last emotion they would feel.”

“Had you considered,” inquired the Stranger in a rather less humorous tone, “that you might be killed in Act One, as it were, and never discover whether the other victims were impressed by your sacrifice, since they themselves might also be dead?”

Pommy considered this, and finally nodded her head reluctantly. “You are right, of course. It would have been selfish of me to expose them to danger just so that I might die and cause them remorse. In such case, also, the whole thing would be useless, since I should not be present to observe their grief, if any.”

“Not quite the whole thing,” objected the gentleman with what Pommy took to be irony. “The highwaymen at least would have cause to thank you. Perhaps if they Knew All, they might be persuaded to make you a member of the gang—post mortem.”

This startled her into a chuckle, which the Stranger heard with relief. “I see you are funning me,” Pommy said.

“On the contrary, I myself have frequently wished I might see some of my own relatives in a pickle. I must confess I had no thought of perishing in the attempt myself, however. One would surely choose to live to hate another day?”

“I don’t hate them,” explained Pommy sadly. “And I had not considered that they might be hurt. They are none of them the sort who would put up a struggle, you see! More likely to hand over the jewel cases in a hurry, and scream with rage later. I had the notion that I might be the one injured, so that they would be sorry they had behaved as they did to—a penniless orphan.”

Then seeing his faintly mocking smile, the girl continued in a low, anguished voice, “It is easily seen that you have never been cold shouldered, and mocked at, and set to do the most menial tasks, and never let to go to the parties or picnics! Much less had your appearance made fun of!”

“How do you know none of these admittedly very unpleasant things has ever happened to me?” asked the Stranger, his voice a little gentler.

“Anyone but a perfect goose could tell it after one glance at you,” retorted Pommy. “You are, first of all, a man, and if anyone did attempt to treat you so, you could walk out and get a position on a ship going to America or India, and make your fortune. Or sign on as a soldier and fight with distinguished courage in foreign wars—”

“We are temporarily at peace,” the man reminded her.

“Now you are laughing at me,” said the Blighted Heroine.

“Yes, I am,” agreed the Stranger, “and so would you, if you would give your mind—your reasoning faculty, not your imagination—to the problem for five minutes. I quite admit that a female could not follow either of the two colorful courses you named, but is it not true that there are situations open to a girl of your obvious breeding and education which might offer you some measure of satisfaction?”

“Name one,” requested the girl succinctly.

The gentleman hesitated. “Governess?”

“I am too young, and have neither the formal training nor the means of getting any. My education was given to me by my grandfather, and is solely classical and literary. A governess needs to excel in pianoforte, embroidery, china painting and deportment, as well as French and history.”

“Companion to an elderly lady of good family?”

“What elderly lady? Besides not knowing any such, nor having any person who would be willing to recommend me to one, I cannot believe that you yourself would be willing to dance attendance upon some ancient invalid who would, besides being cross as crabs, desire you to read sermons to her, walk her bad-tempered poodle, and spoon her gruel into her palsied mouth!”

Her companion cast her a revulsive look. “No,” he admitted, “I should not enjoy anything so Gothic as the activities you describe. But must all ladies desiring a companion be such crones? Surely there must be an employer—or even another occupation—less odious?”

Pommy raised one slender eyebrow.

The Stranger frowned.

After observing his cogitations pityingly, the girl finally spoke. “There is being a serving maid in some low tavern—”

“Must it necessarily be a low tavern?” protested the gentleman. “Mrs. Appledore would find you work, surely? You said she was kind to you.”

“And how long do you think Squire Rand would permit his orphaned niece to wait on tables at an inn within a mile of his estate?”

When the Stranger was unable to answer this question, Pommy went on, “Of course, I might run off to London—I have nearly three pounds saved—and become a kitchenmaid in a great house, having one afternoon off a month and sleeping in the attics with mice, or in the basement with rats.” She awaited his palliating comment upon this grim picture, but when he made none, she went on, “There is also the faint chance that I might be lucky enough to get a post as abigail to some young miss, and carry pots of hot water up several flights, help her dress for Balls, and wait up to help her undress and hear all about her triumphs and the fun it was—” Almost in spite of herself, the young voice shook a little.

“No,” said the gentleman harshly, “that solution does not really offer much attraction.”

“But we are wasting time! If we do not act quickly, the highwaymen will leave the inn and we shall have no hope of saving the day!” the girl cried.

The Stranger seemed to come to a decision. “Very well, Miss Melpomene Rand. Return home as I suggested, and have no fear. Between us, Appledore and I shall find a way to thwart the would-be Road Agents, I promise you. Go to London tomorrow. Who knows? Fate may have a brighter future in store for you than at the moment seems possible.”

Casting the obtuse but well-meaning stranger a glance of pity for his naiveté, and remembering to thank him politely for his assistance, Pommy turned and walked back to the kitchen, and thence out the door with just a wave to the harassed mistress and her busy maids.

When she had gone, Derek Masterson, the Earl of Austell, sought out his host and informed him of the conversation which had been overheard in his taproom.

“Oh, that’ll be Miss Pommy, poor child! She is forever discovering a mystery! But whatever was she doing in my bar, Your Lordship?”

“She had gotten herself drenched in the storm, and your good wife gave her a cup of tea and sent her in there to dry off. It seems she was waiting for the mail coach.”

“What can the squire’s family be thinking of, to send her out on foot in this weather just to pick up Miss Ceci’s cloak?” Appledore tutted angrily. “My wife and I had great respect for her mother; the vicar’s only child, she was, that married Mr. Edwin, Squire’s youngest brother. Drowned they both were, when Mr. Edwin’s yacht overturned. Miss Pommy was a child at the time. Went to live with Vicar, she did, and a high old time they had, poring over his books, and him teaching her what he knew about foreign languages. A real scholar was the Reverend Mayo—!”

“Augustus Mayo?” the Earl pricked up his ears. “I have two very fine books he wrote.”

“He’s dead now, and Miss Pommy’s up at Highcliff Manor with Squire Rand and his lady. They don’t value her as they should—” The host hesitated, aware that he was saying too much to a stranger. “Well, she is forever reading books, and thinking what she reads is the truth. That is why she made such a tale about the talk in the taproom, depend on it!”

“I also overheard the talk, and I am not a romantical miss,” the Earl advised him dryly. “The men’s names, by the way, are Quint and Jib.”

Appledore chuckled richly. “Those sots? Milord, around here it is only innocents like Miss Pommy Rand who do not have their measure. They are in here any night they can scrape together the cost of a bottle, drinking and spinning their totty-headed schemes. It will all be forgotten by the morning, lost in the screw of a bursting head and a queasy stomach.” He shook his own head in extenuation. “Their lives are very dull, Milord. Quint is one of Dr. Mannering’s grooms, and Jib is a farmhand.”

“You relieve my mind,” said the Earl dryly. “I had visions of seeking out the constable to protect Miss Rand’s family from highwaymen.”

“You’d have had far to seek and little to gain from that,” Appledore advised him. “Constable Swan is a dogged foe of poachers, and quite useful at finding strayed cattle, but as a thief-taker, well—” he shrugged and grimaced.

“We might send someone to relieve Miss Melpomene’s fears,” mused Lord Austell.

“Better not, Milord,” cautioned Appledore. “The squire and his lady are very niffy-naffy, and Miss Pommy has a hard enough time with them without us telling them this latest start of hers. They say she is a widgeon, what with her romantical ideas.” He shook his head regretfully. “It’s the fault of too much reading of them foreign books, Milord. Quite addled her wits, Squire says.”

The Earl knew a sudden illogical rage against this beef-witted Squire Rand—obviously a mutton-headed Philistine. He was tempted to make a comment quite alien to his usual detached arrogance toward chance-met persons of little breeding and less wit, when he caught himself short with a sense of shock. It was not his practice to encourage country innkeepers, nor to interest himself in the affairs of village maidens, no matter how literate. But he could not get the picture of the child’s great green eyes out of his mind. Green? No, rather a glowing gray-green-gold, like the sea in a storm. He was recalled to a sense of his surroundings when Host Appledore uttered a sharp exclamation.

“You addressed me, sir?” he asked, staring at the landlord who was now holding a large bundle in his arms.

“It’s poor Miss Pommy, Milord. She’s gone and forgotten the cape Miss Ceci sent to Plymouth for! No mistake, they’ll make the child sorry for it! Probably send her back here in the rain to fetch it.”

“That they shall not,” vowed the Earl grimly. “Give me the wretched thing, and send my groom to hitch up my carriage. My coachman reported the new axle installed.”

He strode from the taproom in a fury—with himself, with Squire Rand and his unpleasant family, but most of all with a storm-eyed, fanciful, bedraggled little waif of a girl who had somehow managed to involve him in her ridiculous affairs.





Two



Pommy staggered in the front door of Highcliff Manor as dripping wet as though she had fallen into the ornamental pond. The butler tutted crossly as she stood on the rug taking off her ruined bonnet.

“Your shoes, Miss Pommy! They are thick with mud! We shall never get it off the carpets!”

“I’ll just go up the back stairs and change in my room,” Pommy began, when Forte interrupted her.

“Miss Cecilia told me to tell you to go straight to her room with the cloak as soon as you returned. You’ve been gone a long time, Miss Pommy.” Then, catching sight of her appalled expression, he asked, “What’s wrong?”

Pommy’s face had gone white under the splatters of mud. “The cloak!” she groaned. “I forgot it entirely, when I heard those highwaymen planning to rob Uncle’s carriage on the way to London!”

Forte shook his head repressively. “Miss Pommy, when will you leave off this childish story-telling? There were no highwaymen, Miss Pommy! And what Miss Ceci will say when she hears—”

“When she hears what?” demanded a cold, hard little voice from the stairway. Pommy’s remorseful gaze lifted to see her cousin standing on the halfway landing, posed very prettily in her new pink robe en chemise which flattered her rose-petal complexion. With her usual acumen concerning anything which affected herself, she said sharply, “You look a wreck! Have you dropped my new cloak in the mud, then, you blundering idiot?”

“No—that is, well—you see, I—”

“Oh, stop babbling and come to my room!” With a flounce which Forte thought very vulgar indeed, Ceci turned and ran up the staircase.

“Take the back stairs, Miss,” the butler advised in a hurried undertone. “If the mistress catches you walking on the carpets with those shoes—!”

Shaking inwardly with cold and alarm, Pommy made her way up the servants’ staircase and down the hall to Ceci’s attractive bedroom. The door stood ominously open, and within, seated on a pink velvet upholstered chair, Ceci waited with an angry face.

“Well, where is it?” she snapped, as Pommy marched into the room as courageously as she could. It did not help the culprit to perceive her cousin Lydia ensconced in another chair, a sly smile on her fubsy face. Lydia lacked the piercing rapier attack of her sister. She contented herself with heavy-handed, pseudohumorous remarks which she served up with a smile. As now.

“Don’t tell me you’ve dropped Ceci’s new cloak in the mud, poor Pommy? Even you could not be quite so awkward, I am sure!”

“I—I forgot to bring it,” confessed Pommy, low-voiced.

“You forgot—!” shrieked Ceci, who saved her pretty voice and charming manners for her superiors in the social world. “But you’ve been gone over two hours, and you had nothing else to do but pick up the cloak!”

“The coach was late,” began Pommy. “Then, since I was drenched and shivering, Mrs. Appledore let me wait by the stove in the kitchen. It was while I was waiting that I heard the plot against you—”

“What plot? Have you run mad?”

“I think Pommy is giving us one of her Romantic little stories,” laughed Lydia. “You know she is always dreaming up some tale with herself as the heroine, when she should be attending to her duties. Mama has often deplored her sad want of common sense.”

“There were two highwaymen,” Pommy persisted doggedly. “I overheard them say they would stop our coach—your father’s coach—between Bodmin and Launceston—”

But Ceci had no patience with this farrago of nonsense, and leaping from her chair she ran over to Pommy and slapped her face hard. “Stop giving me a Banbury tale! You were dallying with the servants at the Climbing Man when you should have been fetching my cloak!” She slapped Pommy again, viciously. “I know what Papa will think about this!”

“To say nothing of Mama’s comments,” added Lydia. “I fear you have just wrecked your chances of going to London with us, poor Pommy. Still, only think what a nice rest you will have, when not assisting Forte to put the furniture under covers or washing out the cupboards! He might even let you polish the best silver.”

Holding back her tears, Pommy felt a sharper pain in her heart than the one in her cheek. Not go to London! Surely not even Aunt Henga could be so cruel? When she had been saving all the birthday tuppences, and the Christmas shilling, and the two pounds her mother had left her, and wearing her old clothes without complaint, so that there might be enough to buy at least one new dress when she came to London! She turned her great shadowed green eyes from one cousin to the other. “Not go—?” she whispered. “You don’t—you can’t—mean it!”

“Mama never intended you to go,” said Ceci impatiently. “You would overcrowd us in the carriage.”

“But your papa promised I might go, and visit the Libraries and Museums! I should be happy to maid you when you needed me—if only I were free for just a little while—mornings, before you awake. . . .”

“You haven’t enough alamodality to serve as our abigail and dress our hair in the latest style—” Ceci brushed away her protest.

“I can picture you traipsing about London in that dress,” laughed Lydia. “You would shame us all!”

“None of your acquaintance need ever see me,” pleaded Pommy. “I should slip in and out of the house by the servants’ entrance.”

“That dress would shame us with the smart London servants, said Lydia. “Poor Pommy!”

“My savings!” Pommy cried desperately. “Your mama said I had saved enough to afford one presentable gown!”

“But that money will have to go toward buying Ceci a new cloak now, will it not?” laughed Lydia. “Of course it won’t be nearly enough to pay for the cloak, but I daresay in a year or so you will have the sum—”

There was a discreet knock on the door. Ceci flounced over and pulled it open angrily. The youngest footman was standing outside. “Well, what do you want?” Ceci demanded.

“Beg pardon, miss, but there’s a gentleman asking to see Miss Pommy. Mr. Forte has put him in the small waiting room, seeing as he doesn’t know the gentleman, and wouldn’t risk showing him into the drawing room.”

“A gentleman? For Pommy?” Ceci trilled a laugh. “If he’s a gentleman, he’s probably come to call on me—”

“Mr. Forte asked him twice, to be sure. The gent says it’s Miss Pommy as he wishes to speak to. He’s got a present for her.”

“This,” pronounced Ceci, undecided between scorn, anger, and curiosity, “I shall have to look into!” and she sailed out of her room, pink draperies flying.

Pommy ran after her, anxious at this new development and yet eager to discover who had asked for her. Since she had left her grandfather’s home, no one had ever called specifically to see her, although some of the neighbors who had known her parents and her grandfather had occasionally inquired after her health and sent kind messages. Her brain was already buzzing with possibilities: A lost and forgotten relative, who had emigrated to the Colonies and made a fortune, was now wishing to see the vicar’s granddaughter; a childhood friend of her father’s had just now recollected his promise to see how Edwin’s child went on; or perchance the caller had brought a small overdue check for the vicar’s book (a critical but alas! not a commercial success). Pommy hastened down the stairs in Ceci’s wake. It did not occur to her to resent the fact that her guest had been relegated to the room set aside for tradesmen and persons not vouched for.

She arrived at the door of the waiting room in time to see a flutter of pink disappearing inside. Setting her jaw bravely, she followed.

Standing very much at his ease was a man who seemed to fill every square foot of the tiny cold room. It was the Mysterious Stranger from the inn! Pommy’s soft pink mouth formed a soundless “O!” of surprise.

Ceci, who had already realized that the elegantly dressed gentleman with the haughty manner was neither a servant nor a tradesman, came forward in a fair imitation of her mama’s social manner. “I am Miss Cecelia Rand,” she began, consequentially.

The Stranger, including her in the brief bow he made to both girls, walked past Ceci to stand in front of Pommy. He indicated a large parcel lying on the table. “You forgot this,” he said with a warm smile which faded as he noted her tear-stained face with the red patch burning on one white cheek.

“It is my new cloak!” cried Ceci gaily, all girlish charm and enthusiasm. “But how gallant of you! I was sure Pommy had lost it, the silly little widgeon! Now you must come into the drawing room and be properly thanked!” She glanced dismissively at Pommy. “Take the cloak up to my room and hang it up carefully.” She offered to place her hand on the Stranger’s arm, her pretty face dimpling into a smile.

The Stranger moved away slightly and slanted a cool eyebrow in her direction. “And who are you?” he asked. “I requested to speak to Miss Melpomene Rand.”

Ceci brushed that aside. “Oh, Pommy is not important! She is always daydreaming and getting things in a muddle. Mama calls her shatterbrained!” with a tinkling little laugh. “I must apologize for her—dragging you here through the storm to return my cloak when you had likely more important things to do, Mr.—?”

Her obvious angling for information brought a quick blush to Pommy’s face. The Stranger’s self-possession was quite unruffled.

“My name is Masterson,” he informed her. “I believe you owe your apologies to your cousin. I had only to make a short detour on my way to London, in the comfort of my carriage. It was she who was forced to trudge through the storm.” He looked at Pommy’s wet garments and muddy shoes significantly.

Ceci followed his glance and gave a little shriek. “Pommy, your shoes! Get up to your room and change! Will you never learn how to go on properly in a gentleman’s household?”

“I have always been told,” remarked Masterson with an air of detachment, “that one learns best by observation of good examples.”

Ceci clapped her hands girlishly, quite misreading the implied criticism. “Oh, what a charming compliment! You are a flatterer, sir!”

Pommy was forced to choke down an involuntary laugh as she caught the derisive gleam in the Stranger’s eyes.

“Now you really must come into the drawing room and accept a cup of tea for your trouble—or perhaps something a little stronger?” Ceci moved toward the door, supremely confident of her charm, and almost bumped into Pommy. “Are you still here? I thought I had told you—”

“You must permit me to make my adieux to Miss Melpomene,” interrupted the Stranger quietly. “I have been informed by Host Appledore at the Climbing Man, Miss Rand, that your grandfather was the Reverend Augustus Mayo. I have read and greatly admired his work—”

“Oh, poor Parson Mayo!” interjected Ceci, not at all liking the way the man lingered to talk to Pommy. “He went prosing on forever! Don’t tell me you’ve heard of his books in London?”

“I was fortunate enough to have been able to secure a copy of his latest book, Miss Rand,” continued Masterson as though there had been no interruption. “It is a work of such profound scholarship as to delight while it challenges the mind.”

Pommy’s face was aglow with pride. She fought to keep back tears of pleasure; there had been so pitifully few who had known how to value her beloved grandfather’s work.

Ceci was frowning. “Oh, are you a grind, as the saying is? You do not look it, sir! Pommy is bookish too. She is always weeping over some silly Tragedy from the Greeks, or mooning over poetry and Romances! My papa says it is a sad waste of time, and Mama swears Pommy has made herself into a freak.” She giggled. “Even her name is outlandish—Melpomene! Have you ever heard of anything more ridiculous?”

“Frequently,” smiled the big man, so coldly that Pommy wondered that Ceci did not cringe at the contempt in his voice. “But why are you wasting the talents of this learned lady in errands to the village? Has not your papa a footman or a groom who might venture to brave the elements?”

“Of course Papa has footmen and grooms,” Ceci said crossly, not at all pleased at the turn of the conversation.”They have important work to do, while Pommy is frequently idle! I do not know what she has told you,” she glanced suspiciously at her cousin, “but I must warn you she is forever making up taradiddles to gammon us. Why, just now she told me a cock-and-bull story about highwaymen to excuse her carelessness in forgetting my cloak—”

“But there were highwaymen, you see,” the Stranger said. “Host Appledore and I dealt with them and sent them packing. It would appear your cousin has saved your family from an extremely unpleasant encounter. Now I suggest that you take your cloak and leave me to talk for a moment to your cousin, in private, if you please!”

Pommy’s heart sank. If only he understood the situation! The poor man was inviting the most humiliating setdown, and she herself could not think of any way to protect him from the results of his unfortunate plain speaking. Ceci’s pretty mouth was already setting into the familiar ominous curve, and her brows were drawing together. She opened her mouth to deliver one of her devastating tirades. . . .

But the Stranger was not even looking at her. “What has happened to your cheek?” he asked Pommy sternly. “It looks very much as though some insensitive brute had struck you.”

Ceci closed her mouth with a snap. “I shall bring Mama here to deal with you as you deserve!” she shrilled, and ran out into the hall.

With one smooth dark eyebrow lifted, the man walked over to close the door firmly. “What a virago!” he commented. “Now, Miss Rand, perhaps you will tell me what happened to your face?” Seeing her stand silent, he continued, “Did that charming little monster slap you? As a reward for your journey through the storm to fetch her garment?” He took her chin in strong, gentle fingers and turned her face up for a searching scrutiny. “No, don’t pull away! Let me see your cheek!”

“I thank you, sir, for bringing her cloak,” Pommy managed, keeping her eyelids down so that he might not read what was in her eyes, “but I beg you to go at once, before Ceci brings back her Mama. She will rail at you so dreadfully there will be no enduring it! And after you have been so kind as to deliver the cloak which I stupidly forgot!”

Without heeding her anxious remarks, the big man led Pommy to the most comfortable of the chairs and seated her carefully. “You need a glass of sherry to warm you, then a change into dry clothing, and someone to bathe your cheek with glycerin and rosewater.” He gave a sigh of exasperation. “Does no one care what happens to you, infant?”

“My aunt and uncle have been more than generous in accepting the responsibility of such a shatterbrain as myself,” the girl said gloomily. “I am a constant irritation to them all.”

“Then perhaps you should remove the source of the irritation?” The man called Masterson smiled at her wistful little face. “Now I have a suggestion to make. My sister-in-law is an invalid—a very beautiful and fashionable invalid, I must warn you, and not the palsied crone of your imaginings! She swears she needs a companion, but cannot abide the heavy-handed, middle-aged females she has interviewed. She told me precisely what she must have, and I flatter myself I have found it!”

“What—what does she require?” stammered Pommy, fascinated and warmed by Mr. Masterson’s delightful smile.

“She wants a quiet young girl with gentle hands and voice and a compassionate nature; a young woman who is bright and intelligent, with a pleasant manner—” His handsome features took on a coaxing smile. “What do you say, Melpomene Rand?”

Melpomene stared unhappily back at him. It was of all things what she would love to do, for the idea of tending a youthful invalid—probably ethereally lovely, and hiding an aching heart bravely, or, alternately, facing a fatal illness with superb courage—thrilled her Romantic heart. Still, she must be honest with this kind and generous man.

“I am more likely to drive her to an early grave,” she confessed. “I forget things, fall over things, drop things! Somehow I seem to invest the simplest actions with unexpected and unfortunate consequences.”

“Bravo!” smiled Mr. Masterson. “Exactly what Aurora Masterson needs! She is bored to distraction.”

“My aunt will tell you that I am hopeless—stupid, blundering, a constant annoyance to persons of sensibility—”

“I think,” interrupted the gentleman, “that you are very unhappy here, are you not?”

Before Pommy could answer, the door crashed open and Mrs. Henga Rand swept into the room like a ship under full canvas. Her bony nose was thrust forward, and her rather small eyes glared with outrage.

“What is this—this person doing in my house, Melpomene?” she demanded.

The Stranger made her a bow which opened her eyes.

“Allow me to present myself, madame. I am Austell.”

“Austell?” Mrs. Rand looked as though she were smelling something unpleasant. “You told my daughter your name was Masterson. Are you now claiming to be in some manner related to the Earl—?”

“I am Derek Benedict Philip Masterson, Earl of Austell, Viscount Tory, Lord Amberly, etc., etc.” the Earl further identified himself in a bored voice.

“You mean you—oh, I do not at all credit it! This is some ridiculous ploy of Pommy’s—”

“I assure you, madame,” said the Earl in a voice which barely disguised his contempt, “Miss Melpomene had absolutely nothing to do with my becoming the Earl of Austell.”

“Austell . . . !” the angry woman spat the name, unwilling to accept the fact that she had presented a very poor appearance before a member of the Peerage. She began to lash herself into one of her dreaded furies, rages she had found useful in controlling her household.

The Earl took the wind out of her sails. “It will be proper for you to address me as My Lord, or Lord Austell,” he instructed her in a tone of calm condescension which Mrs. Rand found to be unbearable. Her daughter, also, it appeared, for Ceci now revealed herself from her listening post beyond the open door.

“Don’t let him gull you, Mama! This is some rig he is running to gain entrance to the house!”

“I thought it was Miss Melpomene who was supposed to have a lurid imagination?” queried the Earl. “At least I have not heard her characterized as vulgar.”

Mrs. Rand gasped, and faute de miseux, turned to wreak her vengeance upon Pommy as the prime cause of her discomfiture. “Go to your room, miss! Your uncle shall hear of this, I promise you! It will of course be impossible for you to accompany us to London after this! Indeed I think I shall arrange for you to go into service somewhere in this area, for I am sure I cannot be expected to provide any longer for a young woman so lost to all sense of propriety—”

“That will not be necessary,” stated the Earl blandly. “Miss Melpomene has accepted a position in my sister’s household.”

Mrs. Rand retorted with a sneer, “I am sure you would find a use for her, Your Lordship—if you really are Austell, which I take leave to doubt! A penniless orphan, even though she was a clergyman’s granddaughter, should prove fair game to such a gentleman as yourself!”

Pommy was staring from one to another of the disputants with a wide, horrified gaze. “Aunt Henga, you cannot mean—! I have done nothing except forget Ceci’s cloak! I am deeply sorry to have caused her discomfort—”

“Stop crawling and show a little pluck, young Pommy,” advised the Earl quietly.

“If you leave this house with this Man,” threatened her aunt, “you will never be permitted to cross the threshold again!”

Pommy looked from the congested, furious visage of her aunt to the imperturbable countenance of Lord Austell. She straightened her slender shoulders and lifted her head. “Very well, Aunt Henga. I shall pack my things at once. Since I am to be your sister’s companion My Lord, may I have her address in London?”

A sneer twisted Mrs. Rand’s lips. “His sister’s companion, is it? Well, that’s one name for it! Pack your things and get out! I shall send Forte up with you to make sure you do not take anything which does not belong to you.”

“I shall await you outside in my coach, Miss Rand,” the Earl advised her. “With your permission, I shall escort you to Lady Masterson. The journey to London might prove difficult for you, alone.”

Mrs. Rand left the room with a flounce reminiscent of her daughter’s, seizing the stunned Ceci by the arm as she passed her. The two left in the room heard her loud voice as she instructed the butler that the parson’s brat was leaving them for a Life of Sin, and demanding that Forte send someone up to her room to see that she took nothing but what was her own.

Regarding the girl’s shocked face intently, the Earl said, “I think even the life which your aunt mistakenly envisions for you would be better than what you have had to endure in this house, if this is a fair sample of it.”

Pommy bowed her head briefly, unwilling to make a comment. Then she forced her wide green eyes to meet his. “I shall not keep you waiting, Milord. There is not much to pack. But it seems an imposition that you should have to carry me to London in your own carriage.”

“Pack, child,” advised the Earl briefly.

He accompanied her into the hall, which was now empty save for the shocked Forte and one of the maidservants.

“Miss Pommy!” the butler moaned. “What is to become of you?”

The Earl, giving Pommy a gentle push toward the waiting maid, turned his attention to Forte. “I am Austell. Miss Rand will be quite safe in Portman Square under Lady Masterson’s aegis,” he said quietly. “My sister-in-law is an invalid, in need of a gentle and sprightly companion. I am fortunate in finding a young lady of Miss Melpomene’s erudition and quality to attend her. I shall await her in my carriage. Please see that she is not further harassed before leaving.”

This was said in such tones of confident authority that Forte’s shoulders straightened. “Yes, My Lord,” he uttered thankfully. “She will be living in London, then?”

The Earl permitted the familiarity, recognizing the old man’s real concern. “Yes, with Lady Masterson at Number Three Portman Square. Any mail or good wishes may be conveyed to her there.” A brief, rather ugly smile touched his lips. “I shall count upon you not to furnish this address to your mistress, nor to forward communications which might alarm or sadden the child.”

“I quite understand, My Lord,” agreed Forte, much relieved.

The Earl of Austell nodded and walked out to his magnificent carriage. Forte did not close the great front door until the visitor was safely within the vehicle. Then he took the liberty of sending a small glass of sherry up to Miss Pommy to drink before she left Highcliff Manor. While he was at it, he took a revivifying sip himself. Miss Pommy! Whatever had she gotten herself into this time?





Three



Pommy huddled in the corner of the Earl’s luxurious carriage wishing she had never been born. It had been bad enough to leave Highcliff Manor under the sorrowful and apprehensive gaze of Forte. Worse, Aunt Henga had not deigned to bid her goodbye, nor had Ceci or Lydia, and their deliberate absence merely underlined the conclusion they had expressed about her future status. She was, in addition, most conscious of the threadbare and unfashionable condition of her garments, and was forced to admit that she looked a perfect dowd without even a bonnet to cover her heavy braid of hair.

In contrast, the Earl, who had changed out of his damp clothing before coming to Highcliff to pick her up, looked a pattern card of male elegance from the top of his modish beaver to the tips of his gleaming Hessians. There was a faint hint of spicy fragrance about his person, and his immaculate linen would have gained the approval of Beau Brummell himself. But more than the splendid, strong body, lounging so much at ease beside her in the carriage, more even than his handsome, imperturbable face, the Earl’s very presence commanded respect. He knows who he is, thought Pommy; he knows it so completely that he does not need to prove it to anyone in the world. “I am Austell,” he had said, so quietly. Pommy ached with the need to know herself as well.

At the very moment when she had decided miserably that she should never have embarked upon this insane journey, her companion turned his noble head and treated her to a warm and remarkably comforting smile. “We are having a fine adventure, are we not, Miss Melpomene?” he asked. “I anticipate many interesting experiences, and great happiness ahead for you, my child.”

“If only your sister will not be put out by your foisting me upon her!” fretted Pommy. “She will take one look at my wretched appearance and think you have brought her a scarecrow!”

Lord Austell laughed easily. “Then shall we deck you out in the latest style before she sees you, little one?” He wondered a little cynically if Miss Rand was already picking up the acquisitive ways of her more fashionable sisters.

Pommy soon set him straight. “No, Milord, we shall not! I have better than two pounds which my mother left me, and, before I meet your sister, I shall purchase a dress suitable to the role of her companion. I only hope,” she added grimly, “that she will give me a trial, and not take me in disgust at the outset.”

“You have too low an opinion of your worth, Miss Rand,” the Earl told her a little sharply. “If you are to go on at all well in Society, you must endeavor to present to the world a more courageous front!”

There was a lengthy silence, broken only by the normal noises of the carriage in motion and its four horses upon the highroad. The Earl, feeling a twinge of quite unaccustomed remorse, was about to speak when Pommy said in a fiercely determined voice, “Milord, you are right! It has only been since I have been living upon the charity of my father’s family that I have held myself so cheap! If only your sister had children whom she might wish me to instruct—for I am sound in Greek and competent in Latin. I have also a smattering of poetic German and a little French—just enough to ask directions or order a dinner.”

“A veritable Athene!” teased Lord Austell. “Lady Masterson has a son, Gareth, whom she cossets more than I like. Perhaps you may give him a taste for his studies,” and he grinned at some private thought.

Pommy, if she had learned anything while living at Highcliff Manor, had discovered that discretion was the only way to self-preservation, so she did not rise to his comments about his young nephew. Better to wait until she had seen the spoiled child before she made promises she might not be able to keep. After all, Lord Austell had hired her to be a companion to an invalid lady, had he not? That much she felt competent to do. She became a little worried when Milord fell into a frowning study. Could it be that he was already regretting his quixotic benevolence in rescuing her from her aunt? Of course! He had saddled himself with a provincial miss, a veritable dowd, and now he was at pains to devise a way to get her into his sister’s home without too much embarrassment. Pommy set her shoulders.

“Milord,” she began.

“Yes, child?” answered the Earl. “What do you wish for now?”

“I wish for nothing, Milord,” replied Pommy stiffly, “except to assure you that if, now or at any later date, you find my presence an embarrassment to you, you will kindly tell me so, and I shall arrange to find some other work.”

“But I distinctly understood you to say that there was, in fact, no other work for an educated young lady.”

“There is always the tavern, which need not be low.” Pommy hurried to insert that qualification. “In fact, I have been thinking that I might prove quite useful to a proprietor of a portside inn, where persons from foreign countries could be expected to need an interpreter.”

The Earl was regarding her with a look in which amusement and horror were equally blended. “A portside tavern! Miss Melpomene, you cannot realize what you are saying! For one thing, the patrons of such places are invariably Quints and Jibs, or worse, and for another, the number of travelers who would need to be greeted in the Latin tongue could hardly justify the wages your employer would have to pay you.”

“You are funning me,” Pommy said darkly. “Again.”

“What is really worrying you, child?” the Earl asked with a gentleness which would have surprised most of his associates.

Pommy faced him honestly. “I was thinking that you might be regretting having saddled yourself with me, or perhaps you are worrying about my appearance in your sister’s fashionable drawing room?”

“There you have it near the heart of the matter,” admitted the Earl. “I must make you an opportunity to spend your two pounds for a suitable dress, and also provide you with a woman to chaperone you at the inns where we shall rest between here and London.”

So that was all he had been anxious about! Pommy nodded soberly. “I see the problem. Shall we be going through any sizable towns on this road? Perhaps I might acquire a decent garment in an establishment which caters to companions, ladies’ maids, and indigent females.”

The Earl glanced sharply at her to see if she were being sarcastic, but met only a clear, guileless, steady look of inquiry.

“There should be opportunities in Exeter, which we should reach late tonight. I feel sure we can find someone to put us in the way of purchasing all you require,” he said firmly. He then proceeded to distract her mind from the problem by directing her, in a rhetorical manner, to observe the varied beauties of the country scene. Since it was nearly dusk and still raining heavily, Pommy was forced to chuckle at his raptures, capping them with absurd “appreciations” of her own. A lively contest developed to see which of them could discover the more repulsive example of rural unsightliness to eulogize. This entertained them both for almost an hour.

The Earl was too busy being amused by Pommy’s pseudo-enthusiasm for mud-draggled sheep and tumbledown sheds to wonder what freakish impulse had induced a man of his controlled nature and impeccable reputation to offer to escort a deplorably Romantic young female to London in his carriage. To say nothing of sponsoring this country nobody to the position of companion to the exquisite and lachrymose Aurora, Lady Masterson! He could only conclude that it was Boredom, that deadly creeping disease which afflicted the more intelligent of his associates in the Ton, which had made him willing to involve himself in the affairs of Miss Melpomene Rand. Damn it! the child was a delight, and honest to a fault! Discounting his own innate chivalry, which had rebelled at the obvious brutality and selfishness of the girl’s natural guardians, the Earl wondered whether his pleasure in her freshness and spirit had led him into creating an imbroglio which would embarrass them both. Was he about to stir up a scandal broth in the polite drawing rooms of London’s Haut Ton? The imperturbable, elusive, untrappable Earl of Austell with a country maiden? He shrugged. It should, he decided, be quite possible for a man of his resources, both social and financial, to handle the business of the Romantic Victim without brouhaha. He found himself grinning. He had not approached any project with this much anticipation for donkey’s years! It would be almost a shame when he had her affairs in good order, and would no longer need to put himself out for her!





Four



Their game of matching rural scenes with inappropriate quotations was summarily interrupted by harsh shouts from both the coachman and the footmen, immediately followed by a jolting stop.

“What the devil—?” snapped the Earl, leaning forward and pulling down the window at his side of the carriage. A single glance was enough to bring him out into the road beside his servants, inspecting a slight body which lay near to the restless hooves of the Earl’s highbred horses. Pommy lost no time in climbing down to join them. The Earl was helping his footman to lift the body, which proved to be that of a young woman, and to carry it to the coach.

“Do get in and take hold of her when I lift her up, Melpomene,” instructed the Earl. “Place her upon the forward seat. Spread my cloak first—she’s dripping with rain and mud.”

In a remarkably short time they had the girl safely inside the carriage and were bowling along at a fast pace toward the next village, where the Earl had instructed his coachman to stop at the most presentable inn. Then he turned his attention to his new passenger. Pommy had already wiped the girl’s face dry and clean with her best handkerchief, and was smoothing her wet hair gently back from a pallid brow. The Earl drew in his breath sharply. Even in the gloom of the carriage the face had a striking purity, a rare beauty which seemed to radiate light.

Pommy had managed to whip off the wet shawl before she laid the girl on the seat, and had tucked her own warm cloak about the other girl’s body. Now she knelt in the swaying vehicle, chafing the cold hands and peering carefully at the blue-white face.

“I think she is hungry, exhausted, and possibly badly frightened,” she announced.

The Earl glanced at her. “You keep your head in an emergency, Melpomene,” he commended. “Can you infer anything more about our Heroine? Her name and station, perhaps?”

Pommy’s glance flew to his enigmatic countenance. With a sinking of heart she thought. He is mocking me! and then, he called her the Heroine! She had no desire to pursue the latter idea; for some reason she dared not acknowledge, it was painful to her. Gathering her pride and her wits to the task, she very carefully examined the face and hands of the rescued girl and said quietly, after a moment:

“She is gently bred. Her hands are soft and free of calluses. Her shoes were expensive; they are well made but not intended for tramping muddy roads. Her stockings are sheer silk, very fine. I do not wish to uncover her to examine her clothing, since she is already chilled, but it is plain her garments are of good quality, in good taste, and suitable for a young woman of fortune. And she is the most beautiful girl I have ever set eyes upon!”

The Earl had been watching her face, rather than the unconscious girl’s. “Well done, Pommy! I cannot fault either your judgment or your powers of observation. Nor your heart,” he added softly. He sighed. “Well, we shall soon have her in a warm room. Will you continue to care for her?”

“Of course,” agreed Pommy stoutly, and wondered why she had been given green eyes, a short, slightly upturned nose, and a mouth too large for the rosebud charm which was the present standard of beauty. Could she ever forget Ceci’s mocking chant when first they met as children at a vicarage party? “Green eye, pick a pie, turn around and tell a lie!” And how Lydia had shrieked with laughter?

Fortunately interrupting this unpleasant train of thought came the bustle of their arrival at an inn. It was not long thereafter before the Earl had arranged everything with efficiency and dispatch. The still-unconscious girl had been carried gently to a warm and well-lighted bed chamber; Pommy and the innkeeper’s wife had undressed her and installed her in a four-poster with hot bricks to her feet and an extra down comforter around her. Then the good woman hurried off to prepare a hot posset, while the innkeeper sent a manservant to fetch the doctor. Pommy had just finished bathing the face and hands of the unfortunate young woman with hot water, and was drying and gently untangling the long blonde hair, when the Earl entered the room.

“I see you have everything in hand, Pommy,” he remarked, with the rare, warm smile which flustered her senses.

At this moment the girl in the bed stirred, moaned softly, and said, in a breathy small voice, “Where am I? Oh, what has happened to me?”

The Earl came at once to stand beside the bed, but Pommy had already taken the groping slender fingers into her own warm clasp.

“You are in bed in the Turtle’s Nest Inn at Belford on the road to London. There is nothing here that can hurt you. I am Pommy Rand, and I will stay with you as long as you wish me to.”

The Earl cocked one eyebrow at this masterly assumption of kindly authority. “You put me strongly in mind of my old nanny,” he said with a smile. “I daresay it is the best way to handle this rather unconventional situation.”

Pommy found she could not meet his teasing eyes. Alas for her tentative dreams! She had been quickly relegated—or had relegated herself—to the position of kindly old nanny to this beautiful girl. When will it be my turn to be the admired, the beloved? cried a lonely voice deep within her. Still, there was much satisfaction to be gained from the role of ministering angel and Confidante to the Fair Unknown. Pommy squared her shoulders and faced the Earl with a smile whose sturdy sweetness she herself was not aware of.

“We shall do nicely. Mrs. Ainton is bringing a warm posset, and I shall keep our invalid from too much activity until Dr. Stewart has seen her.”

“Mrs. Ainton, Dr. Stewart,” repeated Lord Austell. “You are quick to pick up the relevant details, Pommy. It appears you would make a good comrade in adversity.”

Small comfort, when her secret fantasies had been much different, but Pommy had told herself to accept it gratefully. The entrance of Mistress Ainton with the posset helped her to maintain her attitude of cheerful competence. She went to the girl’s head and lifted it gently to her own shoulder, supporting the slender frame warmly against her own body.

“Now you must permit good Mrs. Ainton to give you a little nourishment, and soon you will be going on famously,” she encouraged.

“You are too kind,” murmured the breathy voice, and the big, pale blue eyes sought hers with shy gratitude. “May I know your name? I know you told me, but I—I do not quite remember.”

“I am Pommy,” she said gently. “Now do not attempt to greet us all in proper form, or we shall be exchanging introductions all evening, and you will not have taken your nourishment before Dr. Stewart arrives!” With a gentle smile she took the spoon from Mrs. Ainton, who was glad to surrender it, and began spooning the hot milk curdled with spiced ale into the invalid’s mouth. By the time Dr. Stewart walked into the bedroom, there was a trace of color in the beautiful face, and some animation in the blue eyes.

The Earl, who had been standing in the shadows near the window, came forward quietly and explained what had occurred. Nodding, Dr. Stewart walked to the bed to make his diagnosis. Pommy began to release the girl’s hand, but the latter cried out and gripped it tightly, her eyes on the doctor’s face.

“Hush now, my dear, you must be very good and quiet, and answer Dr. Stewart’s questions, for he cannot decide what is to be done unless you tell him what he needs to know,” said Pommy.

The Fair Unknown shed a few tears, which, Pommy observed with strong envy, did not serve to redden her perfect little nose, and then promised to be very good if Pommy would stay beside her and hold her hand. This plan the doctor agreed to, and conducted his examination, both physical and verbal, with gruff kindliness.

A few minutes later he walked over to the Earl and said, “There is really nothing wrong with the young lady which rest and proper diet will not cure. She may of course suffer a slight inflammation of the lungs due to exposure in the storm, but that should not create alarm if reasonable care is taken.” He eyed the tall nobleman keenly. “I take it from Ainton’s servant that you found the young lady lying in the road?”

“I believe she was running across the road as my carriage approached, and slipped and fell, frightening my horses. They are highbred, and tend to take alarm at the least provocation,” the Earl explained by way of apology.

“Women will never understand these matters,” said Dr. Stewart. “The gel should have waited to cross the road until you had got past.”

“Have you any idea who she may be?” asked the Earl. “The Aintons do not seem to be able to identify her, and my niece has not dared to question her until we had your opinion on her state of health.”

Pommy, who had been listening carefully, nodded her head at the Earl’s sensible nomination of herself as his niece. He caught her eye at just that moment, surprising her, and a quirk of amusement pulled his lips as he read her unqualified approval of his ploy.

The doctor was speaking. “No, I have never seen the young woman before—and believe me, I would have remembered that face! She is a stranger to these parts. I would say a sheltered female, possibly from one of the larger cities, if the ornate quality of her garments is taken into account. Everything silk,” he explained, with a conscious smile.

The Earl proffered a fee and profuse thanks for Dr. Stewart’s courtesy and dedication in coming out upon such a wretched night. The gentlemen parted with mutual good will, and a jocose comment by Dr. Stewart that if Milord’s niece ever chose to become a doctor’s assistant, he himself would be delighted to employ her.

“Now do not, I beg of you, Pommy,” pleaded the Earl when the door had closed after the doctor, “begin to spin out a story in which you accept Stewart’s offer, nurse a large family through the cholera, and then die in great agony, surrounded by all your grateful and grieving well-wishers!”

Pommy had to grin at him, thinking as she did so how very well he seemed to understand her, and that no one, not even her beloved grandfather, had ever entered into her fantasies as this man did.

The Earl had come over to the bed, and now was smiling down at the Fair Unknown. “Dr. Stewart gives us a very comfortable report of you, child. Can you rest a little now, while I take Pommy to eat her dinner? She has not had a bite for hours, and is gallantly starving to death in silence!”

This pleasantry caused the perfectly cut lips to form a smile. Slender fingers slowly released their grip on Pommy’s warm hand. “Oh, yes, you must refresh yourself, dear Pommy! I shall be content here until you return to me.”

“Would you wish to have a maidservant to keep you company?” asked Pommy.

“No!” sighed the invalid. “I shall just wait for you.”

The Earl got Pommy out of the room with dispatch. “I have ordered a meal for us in a private parlor. After we have eaten, we must discuss the future of the Fair Unknown, and of yourself.”

“However did you know I had designated our charge ‘the Fair Unknown’?” asked Pommy, much struck.

“What else?” teased Lord Austell. “I knew you, you see.”

With an odd little thrill, Pommy scanned the strong, impassive, handsome face above her. The Earl took her arm and escorted her down the passageway to an open door which led to a well-lighted parlor. Spread out upon a table was a splendid dinner, its savory odors steaming up into the air. Pommy was going to sit down when Lord Austell indicated a door leading off to the side.

“In there you will find everything necessary to refresh yourself after our long drive, Pommy. When you are ready, come back and we shall have our dinner.”

Pommy had never enjoyed a meal as much as she did that one. Her host was by turns witty and serious, fitting her own moods as though he could sense them. He led her skillfully to discuss a variety of subjects, and seemed to value her opinion. Pommy flowered under such attention as she had never before experienced. Her great green eyes gleamed like emeralds, and her small face was alight with pleasure.

“Have you ever,” asked the Earl after a brief silence in which both had been doing yeoman service to the sirloin, “considered releasing your hair from that braid?”

Pommy gave herself to a consideration of the question. “I used to wear it free over my shoulders, but Aunt Henga said it was messy, and told me to braid it.”

“Ah! Aunt Henga again,” observed His Lordship. “I think we might use your aunt as a guide line: Whatever she told you to do, we should do the opposite. I find her taste unerringly bad.”

Pommy chuckled. “Perhaps I brought out the worst in her? You must admit she presented Ceci very well?”

“Ceci—in the brief glimpse I had of her—impressed me as being one who could fend for herself very adequately,” commented the Earl. “She has a kittenish charm. Yes, I think Ceci knew from birth how to present her pretty smile and wide brown eyes to best advantage.”

“ ‘Brown-eyed beauty, do your mother’s duty,’ ” quoted Pommy involuntarily. She had heard that rhyme so often quoted by Ceci. At the Earl’s quizzical glance, she told him that Ceci had frequently chanted the doggerel at her.

“ ‘Blue-eyed beauty’ was the way my nanny taught it to me,” said the blue-eyed man across the table from her complacently. “It was ‘Brown eye, pick a pie, turn around and tell a lie,’ in Nanny’s version,” he continued, “but I will venture a wager that Ceci told you the thief and liar was green eyed?”

“You would win,” Pommy informed him, and laughed. Suddenly the sting was gone forever from that piece of petty malice. She stared at the Earl in such open admiration that a flush came up under his tanned skin.

“You would be well advised not to look at me like that, young Pommy,” he warned her. Pommy, experiencing a delicious thrill of excitement, lowered her eyes.

“And now,” said the Earl, with the air of one bringing himself firmly back to business, “we must decide on our course of action.”

At that moment, Pommy would have agreed to anything the Earl had cared to suggest. “About the Fair Unknown,” she nodded.

“About Miss Melpomene Rand, first, and the Fair Unknown as she fits in with those plans,” corrected His Lordship. “You may recall,” he added sternly, although there was a glow in his eyes as he regarded her, “that we decided you would need refurbishing before we presented you to my sister-in-law. And it was obvious to me that we must also secure some sort of chaperone or at least an abigail for you—for propriety’s sake.” He overrode her tentative objections. “Lady Masterson’s companion must be the Caesar’s wife.” He looked at her, waiting.

“Above suspicion,” she supplied.

They shared a laugh.

“You can have no idea how refreshing it is, after a dozen London Seasons, to encounter a maiden who catches one’s literary or scholarly allusions immediately,” the Earl told her.

“A dozen? You are chaffing me, unless you wish me to understand that you attended Almack’s while still in leading strings.” Pommy rallied him.

The color was bright in His Lordship’s cheeks, making him look a good deal younger. He said firmly, “To business, little witch. We shall proceed to Exeter tomorrow morning, by which time, I trust, if the good Stewart’s diagnosis is correct, our Fair Unknown will be sufficiently restored to travel. Although Exeter is not Paris, or even London, it should be able to supply us with two wardrobes which will pass muster in Town until I can arrange for a dressmaker to wait upon you in Lady Masterson’s home.” He paused, frowning a little. “I have an idea about our guest. I believe she may be a Londoner running away from something, or someone. She bears the signs of careful upbringing. See if she will confide in you, Pommy. We cannot leave her here in this provincial town without friends or acquaintances or even funds to keep her.”

“And she is far too beautiful and helpless to be abandoned,” Pommy said softly.

“As you say,” agreed His Lordship. “Now I have arranged that one of the older serving women will sit up with our guest while you sleep, for I cannot have two invalids upon my hands tomorrow, can I?” the Earl neatly countered her protest before Pommy could voice it.

Still Pommy made it. “I said I would sit with her.”

“She will be asleep,” promised the Earl. “Dr. Stewart gave her a sedative.”

In the event, the Earl was proven correct on all counts, for when Pommy entered the bedroom very quietly, it was to behold a motherly female nodding in a rocking chair, a trundle bed set up in a corner, and the Fair Unknown fast asleep in the four-poster. Blessing the Earl, Pommy settled into the cot for the most peaceful slumber she had enjoyed in a long time.





Five



The Earl’s party made a late start on the following morning. After disposing of a hearty breakfast in bed, the Fair Unknown acknowledged herself recovered from her exposure, and quite fit to travel. She permitted Pommy, now very much aware of time passing, to help her to dress, but then sent for Mrs. Ainton to compliment her upon the quickness with which her laundress had rinsed and dried her guest’s muddied clothing.

“For it is most proper to thank those who wait upon one, especially if they render any service outside of the ordinary,” she advised Pommy in her sweet breathy voice.

“Our host has been waiting for an hour,” Pommy advised her, with a little less than perfect charity.

The Beauty still did not move very quickly, though perfectly gracious and willing, and when Pommy finally shepherded her down to the front door, the Earl was discovered pacing back and forth in the sunshine beside his restive team with a rather grim look upon his countenance. Although he cast an enigmatic glance at the Beauty and a quizzical one at Pommy, he did not remark upon their dilatory appearance. Since the score had already been settled, the two females were handed at once into the rear set while His Lordship elected to place himself on the seat facing, where he could overlook them both without turning.

After about ten minutes of formal silence, Pommy could bear it no longer. “My Lord,” she began, “we must first thank you for the really remarkable forbearance you displayed in waiting so long for us this morning—”

“True,” said the Earl, succinctly.

“But it was my fault,” confessed the Fair Unknown. “From some cause or other I can never seem to move at a pace which satisfies anyone else. My papa is wont to say that I drive him to a frenzy, and my dressers are forever leaving in a huff!” Two large tears brimmed over her eyelids and slid down her flawless cheeks. “I am truly sorry for it.”

The Earl was regarding her with such alarm that Pommy could not prevent a small chuckle from escaping. That would teach him to give her a Look! His own face relaxed into a smile, and he leaned forward to offer the Beauty one of his snowy handkerchieves. While she neatly mopped her face, the Earl sat back and began to talk.

“I have been giving thought to our situation while I waited for you this morning—no, you really must not cry any more, I absolutely forbid it,” he said to the Beauty, as two more tears overflowed. “By the way, you must tell us your name. It is too fatiguing to be thinking of you as the Fair Unknown or the Beauty. How are you called?”

“I am Isabelle Boggs,” said the girl. “My father is Thomas Boggs, the best vintner in London. I presume you have heard of him?” She peeped at the Earl through lashes two inches long.

“Regularly, once a month,” acknowledged the Earl.

“Papa had arranged a match for me with a—minor nobleman in the City. I did not wish to go through with it.” She paused, and two more flawless pearls cascaded down her perfect cheeks. “One reason I did not wish for the marriage was that I overheard Alan—he is the minor nobleman of whom I spoke previously, Alan Corcran,” Isabella explained meticulously, “well, as I was saying, I overheard Alan telling a friend of his that I bored him to desperation, and that he, I mean Alan, probably would be forced to be unfaithful to me before the honeymoon was out.” She dried the tears from her face. “This conversation took place at the reception my father gave to announce our engagement—mine and Alan’s, that is.”

Lord Austell was looking as though he began to understand Alan’s dilemma, but Pommy was staring with shock and pity at the beautiful girl.

Isabelle caught her glance and said simply. “Alan did not intend anyone but his friend to hear his remark, I am sure. He was speaking quite softly in our entrance hall. I was coming downstairs to the reception. The grand stairway in our home has two bends in it—the servants loathe having to clean it—and he, that is, Alan, did not notice my presence. I was a little late, and everyone but Alan and his friend had gone on into the drawing room.”

“So you ran away?” asked Pommy, envisioning a frantic, secret flight by night.

“Well, not exactly,” Isabelle corrected her. “You see, although I could not really wish to marry a man who was already planning to be unfaithful to me, I had nothing packed and could hardly have fled London at that hour. It was after ten o’clock.”

“That should set you to rights, my impetuous child,” the Earl advised her, sotto voce.

Isabelle was going on with her story. “After the reception had ended, I told my father why I did not wish for the connection. He was angry.” She sighed, but to the Earl’s relief, did not weep again. “He said that I should have told him of my scruples before he had spent all that brass entertaining the Ton with best champagne and fine brandies. He refused to consider canceling the arrangements. I told him I would simply not make the responses in church if he forced me to attend the wedding ceremony.”

“No wonder you were angry!” cried Pommy, incurably partisan. “Your heart wrung with humiliation, your father obdurate—!”

“Oh, I wasn’t angry, exactly,” said Isabelle thoughtfully. “I just said no.”

The Earl did not bother to hide the mocking grin he sent in Pommy’s direction. Feeling a little annoyed, Pommy asked, “Then, if you did not run away, how . . . ?”

“How did I get on the road in the storm? My father packed me off to my aunt in Penzance, to stay until I had accepted his decision.” She added, in parenthesis, “That is my Great-aunt Sophronia, not my aunt Tabitha. I do not like Sophronia, and she dislikes me intensely. I like Tabitha,” she concluded, smiling.

“You are fleeing from Great-aunt Sophronia’s tyranny?” asked Pommy, hopefully.

“Oh, no! When I got to Penzance, I discovered that she had caught the measles. Both she and her physician were adamant that I should return to London.”

“Could you have not stayed with Aunt Tabitha?” inquired the Earl. “Unless of course she lives in the same house as your Great-aunt Sophronia?”

“Oh, no, Tabitha lives in Bath, and is very much in the social swim there. She would have found me a husband immediately—but not a nobleman. Probably a fortune hunter, Papa says.”

Pommy, faint but pursuing, took up the saga. “Then, being forced to return to your papa in London, you were held up by highwaymen who took your coach and forced you to flee for your life?”

“Oh, no!” replied Isabelle kindly.

The Earl gave a snort of laughter, which he disguised by coughing vigorously.

Isabelle was explaining. “My father’s horses are not really the finest, more showy than sound, our coachman says. Well, on this return trip to London, first one and then the second developed trouble in their limbs—do not ask me for the particulars, for the groom and coachman were busy quarreling about who should go for help in the storm, and did not bother to explain to me the exact nature of the trouble. Which is probably just as well, for I should not have understood it anyway. I am not,” said Isabelle with her dazzling smile, “very bright.”

“I am sure you have no need to be, looking as beautiful as you do!” cried Pommy, incorrigibly supportive of the downtrodden.

The Earl’s shoulders were shaking, she observed with annoyance, and his blue eyes upon her were full of laughter.

“Let me guess,” begged the irreverent creature. “You finally got down into the road to settle the argument, since night was coming on and you were cold and hungry? Then, as you made your way to the lee of the coach, where the servants were quarreling, something spooked the horses, and they took off without you. The servants, fearful of their master’s wrath on being informed of the loss of his showy but unsound team, took to their heels in pursuit of the runaways. You were, naturally, not best pleased at being abandoned in the middle of nowhere in a pelting storm, so you ran after them. When you beheld us approaching, you tried to wave us down.”

Isabelle’s beautiful eyes were fixed upon Milord’s face with almost worshipful awe. “But it is as though you had been there!” she breathed. “Only I was running in the opposite direction to that taken by the runaway team and the servants. All else is exactly as it occurred!”

The Earl sustained Pommy’s scorching glance with aplomb. “Why,” he inquired of the vintner’s heiress, “did you run in the opposite direction?”

Both her auditors waited while the Beauty considered her answer. “I think,” she said breathily at length, “because the wind was behind me, that way. I did not like the rain in my face.”

“A rational action,” commended the Earl. “As you see, it brought you to us and to safety. I shall send a courier to your papa when we reach Exeter, so that he may not be in a fret at your disappearance.”

“Oh, I should not think he would be,” answered Isabelle. “He will believe I am still with Great-aunt Sophronia getting my mind changed, for the servants will be reluctant to return to London, even if they should have caught up with the coach, until they have found me.”

“You see it is quite simple, Pommy,” the Earl advised her with those laughing blue eyes,” and not at all romantical or tragic.”

“I am not,” agreed Miss Boggs, “Romantic.”

It is a shame, thought Pommy in a quite unexplainable depression, that one who is so perfectly the example of a Heroine should utterly refuse to be Blighted. If only I had her looks, she thought rebelliously, I should find a way to—

At this moment, she caught the Earl’s glance upon her, so intent and warmly amused that she knew he was reading her like an open book. A moment later this was verified, for he said softly, “How much more you could have made of all this, my dear Pommy! It quite saddens one to consider the wasted opportunities!”

“Do not,” said Pommy crossly, “be silly!”

Isabelle joined politely in the Earl’s shout of laughter, but rather spoiled the effect by saying, wistfully, “This is how it always is with me! I know something witty has been said, but by the time I have puzzled it out, everyone has stopped laughing. So now I just laugh when the rest do.” She sighed. Then, “Was it quite correct of you to call His Lordship ‘silly’?” she asked Pommy.

“No, it was not, but he was, so I did,” retorted Pommy defiantly, at which the Earl laughed again, and Isabelle, after a bewildered moment, chimed in.

When the Earl’s party reached Exeter, the coachman drove them at once to the Angel’s Rest, a very grand inn indeed, where ordinary travelers were warned off by the grooms and sent summarily down the street to less important houses. The Earl’s party, however, was greeted by Mine Host himself, who hastened to assure His Lordship that His Lordship’s servants had arrived the evening before, and that all was prepared, even though His Lordship’s delayed arrival had caused considerable consternation.

Completely disregarding this rigmarole, the Earl led his party into the inn and sent his anxiously hovering servants about their various tasks. In the twinkling of an eye, the young ladies were installed in a gracious bedroom, and Milord in the inn’s finest, where already fires burned brightly. In a private parlor connecting the two rooms, a tasty collation was quickly set up, and the travelers, not at all weary, were cosseted into forgetting the rigors of their journey. All except Pommy.

“I shall never forget this trip,” sighed Pommy, making inroads into a game pie. “It is the most wonderful experience I have yet had!”

Both the Earl and Isabelle looked at her searchingly, for to their possibly jaded taste nothing could have been less attractive than the wretched weather, while the two inns at which they had put up were nothing to the comfort and elegance of London living. Then the Earl’s glance softened.

“Pommy has enjoyed traveling in our company,” he advised Isabelle softly. “She is paying us an unconscious compliment.”

Isabelle nodded, looking vaguely puzzled by accepting the man’s judgment.

“I have arranged,” began the Earl, “for a dressmaker to wait upon you both in your bedroom within the hour. She will have a seamstress with her, and a number of garments suitable for your consideration. I have also required her to include shoes and all the accessories to a lady’s toilette—”

Since both the ladies present were regarding him with surprise mixed with consternation, the Earl adopted his loftiest manner.

“Your father, Miss Boggs, would not fault me for providing his daughter with a suitable costume for her arrival at her home. It would not do at all for you to return home in a bedraggled condition. The servants would be bound to talk.” He grinned suddenly. “Do not be stuffy, my dear children! I am finding this whole mad excursion unexpectedly amusing, and I know you would not wish to deny your Benefactor a brief respite from the onerous and solemn duties which are his daily lot.”

Miss Isabelle obligingly agreed that she would not, for the world! but Pommy cast a wary and incredulous eye upon her benefactor. It was true, he had promised her employment which was unexceptionable, and she knew it, and valued it. If he wished her to present a decorous and suitable appearance before her new employer, it was surely reasonable. Still—!

He caught her rather dubious glance. “That’s right, Pommy. You will have to bite the bullet. And you must realize, a girl with your nous, that the regimen of a Peer of the Realm is not entirely composed of Romantic flights and primrose dalliance.”

“You are doing it again,” charged Pommy. “Teasing me.” She stared hard at his handsome features, then she smile reluctantly. “You are a very domineering man!”

“But you like it,” completed her host, imperturbably.





The dressmaker, when she arrived, proved to exercise a kind of magic. She had been briefed, obviously, for her offerings were exactly what was both suitable and attractive for a young beauty of conservative taste, and for a genteel companion to a great lady. Pommy, eyeing the delicate moss-and-leaf-green materials spread out for her inspection, did not even consider that these might be thought unsuitable. Her chief worry was that they might cost more than the nearly three pounds which she wore in a cloth bag pinned to her chemise. Her concern was soon allayed, as the dressmaker mentioned quite casually that this color was so difficult for the average young lady to wear, that she was most grateful to be getting it off her hands, and named a price for the finished garments which was fortunately within Pommy’s budget. If the girl had any fear that she was being subsidized by Lord Austell, this was soon dispelled when the price quoted for the pale blue dress chosen by Isabelle was also extremely modest.

“I must return to this town when next I wish to replenish my wardrobe,” Isabelle chirruped, happily. “I swear I have never found such bargains!” and she took the required sum from her reticule, which most fortunately had been hanging from her arm on its cord when she descended from her father’s coach the previous day. Since Milord had left after introducing Madame Helene, Pommy was able to follow suit, and the dressmaker, an expatriated Frenchwoman who was awake upon all suits, had nothing but admiration for the English Milord who could keep two such charming females happy in their independence while discharging her own formidable account in private.

Miss Boggs’s dress being already made, and the appropriate accessories chosen by both young ladies, Madame’s seamstress proceeded to measure Miss Rand for her dress, and promised to set to work upon it at once. “For I know that ma’amzelle has need of it by this evening, her own trunks having been lost in the accident,” Pommy was told.

As soon as she decently could, Pommy sought out the Earl.

“What is this about an accident?” she queried sharply.

“You are annoyed? I had thought you would be willing to go along with my libretto. You made no demur at being my niece,” teased His Lordship.

“Oh, no, you mistake my concern, Lord Austell! I merely wished to know the details of the events I am supposed to have taken part in.”

The Earl grinned unrepentantly. “It was really a masterly creation. We were bowling along in the storm, when, on crossing a swollen river, the bridge supports gave way and my carriage was precipitated into the flood. Acting with my usual quickness of wit, I rescued both you and Miss Boggs, but alas, your trunks were beyond even my great strength. The servants,” he added meticulously, “rescued themselves. It is only you and Miss Boggs who are very much beholden to me.”

Pommy chuckled. “Milord, you are a barefaced fabricator—a worse Romancer than I ever was! Especially when you must know that the host of this inn witnessed our arrival in your own carriage—”

“He had eyes only for the charmingly déshabillées young ladies—neither of whom could produce a trunk to refute my story!” He smiled. “What difference does it make? We are not even a ten-minutes wonder to these people. Believe me, they have seen many travelers more colorful and less decorous than we! I can only hope Miss Boggs’s literal mind will not compel her to deny my histoire and make me look all no-how!”

I should think she will never learn of it,” commented Pommy. “She does not seem to be very curious about the affairs of anyone except herself.”

“Thank God for that,” said the Earl devoutly. “We have still to get you to my sister-in-law without arousing the curiosity of the quizzies!”

Pommy smiled back at him, feeling herself in such perfect charity with this worldly, handsome man as she had never before felt for any human being. She did not stop to consider why she should feel thus about a man she had known a brief two days, and, moreover, one who was so far above her sphere as the very sun in the sky. It was enough that they shared a rather reprehensible sense of humor, and a vivid imagination. Pommy was only grateful for such a comfortable sponsor.

By the exercise of almost unbelievable skill and expedition, Madame’s seamstresses delivered to Pommy not one but two dresses by eight o’clock that evening. Pommy was able to come into the parlor where the Earl’s guests were served, wearing the leaf-green gown, which seemed much more beautiful and modish than she had envisioned it, and made her eyes shine like emeralds. While they were dressing, Isabelle had admired it graciously, and had said with authority:

“My dear Pommy, you must let me dress your hair for you tonight! While your braid is quite suitable for traveling, it will not at all do with that dress! Sit down, now, and hand me your brush!”

Seated before the vanity mirror in the new dress—the finest and most beautiful she had ever owned—Pommy’s bemused stare fixed itself upon her image in the mirror, and could hardly accept that the face she saw reflected was her own. Great waves of shining black hair flowed down about her shoulders and almost reached her slender waist, lending interesting shadows to her sparkling eyes, softening her features, and framing the pale creamy face with subtle allure.

“Now I must find some way to catch it up into a becoming coiffure,” Isabelle said.

Pommy watched, fascinated, as the other girl brought beauty out of what had always appeared to her to be her unrelieved plainness. When she tried to express her gratitude, Isabelle brushed it aside calmly. “I had an excellent governess,” she said. “While Miss Pomfrit frequently told me she could do nothing to enlighten my ignorance in intellectual matters, she did admit that I had a rare knack with the more social graces—except conversation.”

In honor of his guests, the Earl had dressed for dinner. When Pommy beheld him in his black and silver grandeur, her breath caught and her green eyes widened. Though appearing perfectly relaxed and at his ease, he succeeded in giving the meal a delightfully festive atmosphere. He did not seem to single Pommy out, being most correct in his attentions to both of his guests, yet several times Pommy caught his bright blue gaze intently fixed upon her, and hoped he was a little pleased at the swan Isabelle had created from the ugly duckling. She found it difficult to keep her own eyes off the austere magnificence of his costume, admiring how faultlessly it fitted him, and how well the somber colors became his strong features and his black hair, which he wore unpowdered after the new fashion. Pommy thought she had never seen so impressive a man in her life, for the obese, casual Squire Rand had scorned fine apparel, often saying he was glad he was no jumped-up popinjay, or Town Beau! Her grandfather had dressed as befitted his position, and the professional men in the district—Dr. Mannering and Lawyer Morris—were always soberly clad. The Earl, therefore, seemed to her like a being from a different sphere, and she looked at him with awe and admiration.

When the ladies rose at the end of the meal, Milord rose with them.

“Shall we not leave you to your wine, My Lord?” asked Isabelle, correctly.

“Since you have nowhere to retire to save your bedroom, will you not favor me by remaining here in the parlor for half an hour? There is nothing I should rather do than converse with you!” invited his Lordship.

Pommy gladly took a chair he indicated before the fire, and Isabelle, a little more hesitant, allowed herself to be persuaded also. As it happened, however, the other two found Miss Boggs to be an inhibitor of sprightly conversation, as she had warned them earlier. After a rather labored half hour, she rose to retire to her room, and Pommy almost thankfully prepared to follow her.

As she reached the doorway through which Isabelle had passed just a moment earlier, the Earl said authoritatively, “I wish you to remain here for ten minutes, Pommy! There is a matter of business I must discuss with you.”

Isabelle turned her head back over one perfect shoulder and nodded at Pommy encouragingly. “You must not be making company of me,” she said with gentle dignity. “I am sure you have family matters to be considered.”

Pommy went back to her chair with almost a feeling of relief. The Earl closed the door and joined her.

“Now!” he said, on a breath, “we can be comfortable.”

Pommy dimpled up at him. “She is so lovely to look at, she doesn’t need to speak,” she excused.

“As her reluctant swain admitted, she is boring,” fumed the Earl. “That air of bland expectance with which she awaits one’s next words quite dries up the springs of conversation! Now we must plan for your meeting with Lady Masterson. For, immediately after reaching London, we shall restore Miss Boggs to her father. Both of us together, I think, so he will not get the idea I have been squiring his daughter unchaperoned through the countryside. Even if pressed, we shall not stay for tea. We shall go at once to Lady Masterson’s residence. I sent off a groom before dinner tonight, to ride ahead of us and inform Her Ladyship that I have found the perfect companion, whom I am bringing, together with her friend who is returning to her home in London. That should take care of les convenances adequately, don’t you agree?”

“It is Masterly,” smiled Pommy. “It is obvious to me that you have a remarkable degree of skill in dealing with—ah—les convenances, Milord!”

“You would imply, circumventing them, madame?” queried her host, settling comfortably into his chair and grinning at her.

“Practice makes perfect, I have no doubt,” suggested Pommy, greatly daring. Though she knew herself to be quite out of his class in every way, she could not resist responding to the challenge in those bright blue eyes.

“Devil!” said His Lordship, lazily, stretching out his arm for the decanter upon the side table near him. “Will you have a sip of sherry with me, Pommy?”

“Whatever you wish,” agreed Pommy, her unsophisticated heart in her eyes.

Without haste, Milord poured two glasses, one full, the other a token. Handing her the latter, he raised his glass to her. “To the metamorphosis of Melpomene,” he toasted.

“Ugly Duckling into Swan?” the girl suggested, laughing happily. “You must give Isabelle credit for accomplished fingers. I am sure I have never looked so well.”

“And what Romantic imagining’s has your newly discovered beauty brought to mind?”

Pommy pondered. “Why, none, sir. I suppose I believe that the new look Isabelle has given me is itself a fantasy—and tomorrow I shall be the same Pommy as ever.”

“There could be worse fates,” said the Earl, tossing off his sherry. He rose and extended his hand. “Off with you, infant! You must get your rest before we attempt another day on the highroad.”

Pommy rose and faced him, her sherry still untouched. “May I not propose a toast to you, Milord?” she asked shyly.

The big man looked down at her somberly. “No, child, I think not. With the addition of our prosaic companion, the magic has gone out of our Odyssey. Drink up and say good night.”

Sherry had never tasted so bitter to the girl as at that moment.

He was closing a door, and she knew he was wise to do so, for there was no place on the other side of it for Pommy Rand.





Six



The rest of the journey was as dull as the Earl had predicted. They rode in great comfort, and stopped frequently for refreshment and rest, but Lord Austell, for all his perfect address, behaved like a man doing his duty, while Isabelle was a boring companion in spite of her sweetness of nature. Pommy was actually pleased when they finally deposited Miss Boggs at her father’s ornate mansion in Thornapple Square. Boggs, initially inclined to be suspicious of his daughter’s unexpected appearance with two strangers, became too obsequious upon learning the name and style of his daughter’s rescuer. The Earl refused the vintner’s hearty invitation to take pot luck and they left with Isabelle’s tearful urgings that Pommy call soon to see her ringing in their ears.

The drive to Portman Square was marked by a silence which Pommy found painful but impossible to break. Of course His Lordship was bored and wishing he had never involved himself in so much Samaritanism! Two hapless females to be rescued from the results of their own folly! No wonder he was wishing himself quit of the whole wretched business, and herself in Jericho, rather than Portman Square! Setting her small chin firmly, she used the time to consider a plan of action.

You must begin as you intend to go on, she told herself. No flights of fancy, no romantic imaginings. You will do your best to entertain and console the weeping widow, you will be tireless in her service, sparing no attentions. And if this program seemed to offer little pleasure, Pommy accepted it solemnly. No matter that she would be, as always, on the outer fringe of the fun, watching others enjoy themselves, while she dwindled into an ape-leader, an old crone—companion!—she hastily corrected herself. Perhaps, if he thought of her at all, the Earl would be grateful for her devoted service to his widowed sister. She sighed involuntarily.

The Earl turned to her with a quizzical smile and spoke at last.

“Courage, Pommy! Aurora’s wail is worse than her behavior. I am hoping that you will bring both laughter and good common sense into my sister-in-law’s ménage. The Lady Masterson feeds upon melancholy, but she has a sweet and generous nature. She was quite a different person when my brother was alive. Since his death, however, she appears to have felt it her duty to wither away in a series of imagined illnesses. I shall expect you to restore her to a more wholesome view of life.”

Pommy looked appalled at the task.

The Earl laughed for the first time that day. “Just involve her and her household in some of your romantic adventures. I promise to pull you out of them if the consequences threaten to become disastrous!”

And then they were at Number Three Portman Square.

As Milord led her into the imposing mansion, where the butler was bowing almost to his knees, and the footmen stood rigid in their powdered wigs and livery, Pommy could only be thankful for her new moss-green gown and the charming little bonnet which had materialized with it. At least she need not meet this formidable dowager, with her vapors and megrims, in a dowdy dress!

“You may tell Lady Masterson we are here, Mikkle.”

“She is awaiting you, My Lord,” smiled the butler. “If you will follow me?”

When they were shown into Milady’s drawing room, it was to see a bright fire, masses of fragrant flowers out of season, and furnishings of the most feminine elegance. Pommy peered around apprehensively for the imaginary invalid, only to find herself facing a tiny, delicate beauty with white-gold hair and huge sad gray eyes set like silver in a lovely face.

“Aurora, my dear,” began the Earl briskly, bending over her fragile, bejeweled white hand, “may I present to you Miss Melpomene Rand of whom I wrote you, who has come all the way from Cornwall, through great vicissitudes and hazards, to bear you company? Miss Rand,” he took her hand and led her to his hostess, “this is my sister-in-law, Aurora, Lady Masterson.”

The tiny sparkling hand was extended to her, and Pommy found herself curtseying as though her hostess were Royalty.

This gesture seemed to please Milady. “So good of you to come,” said Her Ladyship in a voice as sweetly plangent as a chime of silver bells. “Did you have a wretched journey, my poor child?”

Pommy, incurably honest, found that she could not mouth the conventional nothings. You must begin as you intend to go on, she had told herself in the Earl’s carriage. If you are true to yourself, you cannot be exposed as a fraud. She lifted her chin and said what she felt.

“Oh, no, Milady! I have never gone upon a journey I enjoyed as greatly! The Earl is so lighthearted and amusing. He is forever funning! Such very good company!”

The invalid raised her shadowed gray eyes in startled inquiry to scan Lord Austell’s imperturbable face.

“Can we be speaking of the same Earl?” demanded the Lady Masterson in anything but bell-like tones.

The Earl’s shout of laughter reverberated through the room. “I told you she would startle you out of the megrims,” he chuckled. “Now do offer us a cup of tea, Aurora. We have just delivered Melpomene’s traveling companion to her father, and I need a restorative. I charge you,” he added, with the teasing smile Pommy adored, “to make Pommy tell you about the beautiful Miss Boggs. It will give you something to laugh about, I promise you!”

Whether it was because of the Earl’s charm and virility, or the interest caused by Pommy’s arrival, the Lady Masterson brightened perceptibly as the afternoon progressed. Tea was accompanied by salvers of the most delicious pastries Pommy had ever tasted, and she did them full justice. At one point Lord Austell chuckled. Pommy, lifting her eyes, perceived Lady Masterson was watching her in fascination. Pommy smiled wryly.

“I am making a pig of myself, am I not? I must admit that such cakes as these have never come in my way before. I think they must be what are called Angel Food, are they not, My Lady? For surely they are heavenly morsels.”

Lady Masterson found herself smiling back at the child. Really, she wondered, what had Derek brought to her? The girl was plainly a country cousin, yet voice and accent evidenced breeding. Her manners were impeccable; for all her relish of the sweets, she ate daintily. And her family had treated her cruelly, if Derek’s letter could be believed. A new thought struck Lady Masterson. Could Derek be interested? It hardly seemed possibly, after all the wasted efforts of the matchmaking mamas and frustrated débutantes, many of them quite acceptable as to Family, and some of them great heiresses as well. Of course Derek had no need to marry money, nor any particular reason to ally his House with another equally noble. Yet he was sponsoring this child with a zest his sister-in-law had no difficulty in discerning. The girl was a nobody. Surely her high-in-the-instep brother would not be considering such an alliance?

Agog with curiosity, Aurora decided to sit up for dinner that evening, instead of taking it in her bedroom as had become her custom.

While Pommy, urged by the Earl, was selecting a final patisserie, Her Ladyship bent toward him and said in an undertone, “I insist that you remain to dine with me tonight, to launch your protégée. Perhaps you may even find occasion to display some of the light-hearted good humor the child is so enthusiastic about.”

“My dear Aurora,” the Earl said lazily, “it is my understanding that you rarely stay downstairs for dinner. Can it be that my prescription has already been of benefit? Believe me, she will continue to delight you.”

Aurora stared at him. His face was alight with laughter and his bright blue eyes were showing more warmth than she remembered since his younger brother died. At once she required him to pull the bell rope, and when the butler presented himself, she informed him that His Lordship would be staying for dinner, and that she herself and Miss Rand would have it with him in the dining room. She was just asking Mikkle whether Mr. Gareth was to dine with them, when a tall young exquisite strolled into the drawing room and stared at the persons seated there out of silver-gray, black-lashed eyes exactly like Lady Masterson’s.

Pommy swallowed a gulp of surprise. She had never seen so flawless a human being in her life. Even the beautiful Isabelle’s luster was paled before the bright effulgence of this youth’s splendor.

Acknowledging a reaction she had seen many times before, Lady Masterson smiled proudly and announced, “Miss Rand, may I present my son Gareth?”

The man’s well-cut lips softened into a delightful smile. “Miss Rand! A pleasure to meet you, Ma’am.” He bowed over her hand, and Pommy was not surprised to note that his every action was graceful yet manly.

The Nonpareil turned to his mother. “I am happy to see you in such high spirits, Mama,” he said, kissing her hand and then her cheek. “Uncle Derek, this is a pleasure we have too seldom! You are looking well, sir. Are you back in town to stay?”

The two men shook hands, and the Earl’s smile was cordial. It was evident that he liked his heir. “I believe I shall find enough to keep me interested for a little while, Gareth. I plan a rather longer stay in London than usual. For one thing, I have brought your mother a companion—Miss Melpomene Rand, whose grandfather was the Reverend Augustus Mayo, one of our great scholars.”

“Oh!” Gareth said, smiling amiably. “Are you also a scholar, Miss Rand?”

“Oh, no, sir,” Pommy hastened to disclaim. “I have neither the wisdom nor the training.”

Both Lady Masterson and her son seemed to find this modesty admirable, and Gareth even sighed in relief. “I was beginning to be in a quake lest I should find myself exposing my deficiencies! At Eton I was forever running into difficulties with my tutors.” He chuckled. “They were wont to say that I had more bottom than brains!”

His mother proudly interpreted. “Like his dear father, Gareth excels in all the manly sports. He is a bruising rider who never refuses any hazard, I am told. Of course, he has no head for figures, but that is not at all necessary when dear Derek has instructed his comptroller to handle all our affairs for us.” She cast her brother-in-law a grateful look, and then summoned Mikkle again, requiring him to get the housekeeper to escort Miss Rand to her room.

“Go now, child, and let Mrs. Upton send a maid to assist you in dressing for dinner. Gareth, you may leave us also. I have matters to discuss with your uncle.”

When the two young people had gone, the Earl rattled in before his sister-in-law could begin the inquisition she clearly intended.

“Something is troubling Gareth.” It was a statement rather than a question.

The widow shrugged an exquisite shoulder, and would not meet his eyes. “Oh, it is some boyish whim! Gareth is moody, you know.”

“Gareth is one-and-twenty—not a boy, Aurora! Is he pining to go to his estate?”

Lady Masterson put on a lachrymose expression and took out a lace-edged scrap of handkerchief. “You know he is like a child, forever wishing to race in the fields and climb trees and shoot and ride horses—and dogs—”

“Hardly dogs, my dear Aurora, but I catch your meaning. Gareth has the soul and the interests of an English squire, and will make an excellent husbandman of his lands, for all his elegance of person and the Town bronze you have succeeded in giving him. Aurora—let the lad go! He will never leave your side as long as you hold him with you. He tries to please you, but he is truly miserable among the Beaux and the Corinthians. Free him to embrace his heritage! It is what his father would have desired.”

“Have you forgotten that it was that very heritage which took his father’s life? He would be with us today if he had not saved that herdsman’s child from the bull!”

“It was an act of heroism,” the Earl said gently. “He could not have done otherwise.”

Lady Masterson turned the conversation quickly. “I must thank you for your efforts to find me a companion,” she said, rallying him a little archly. “Am I to suppose that you have a special interest in—the scholar’s grandchild?”

The Earl looked sober. “Why, I suppose I must have,” he admitted. “I think it was her gallantry in her wretched situation which impressed me. And then she is so Romantic—!” he chuckled, his eyes soft.

Lady Masterson was amazed. This was more serious than she had thought. Prudently she decided to say no more upon this head until she had taken the child’s measure. At least she was a gentlewoman, and soft voiced, and she was young enough to be biddable. But as a wife for the Earl of Austell?

To her credit, Lady Masterson felt neither alarm nor jealousy at the thought that His Lordship might be intending to marry and provide his vast estates with an heir of his own body. She had more than enough in her lavish widow’s portion and her inheritance from her own father, an eccentric duke who was never seen without a posy in his hatband. Gareth’s small estate, which he had from his father, and his allowance from the Earl, would ensure that money would never be a problem to him. Her interest in Miss Rand was solely motivated by a fear that the child would not prove a suitable chatelaine for the two great mansions and the lavish Town house which were His Lordship’s possessions. For the girl was no beauty, and her background, while decent, was not impressive in any way.

During dinner, which was for some reason more amusing than any she had bothered to attend of late, she had ample opportunity to behold the side of the Earl which Pommy had praised. Derek’s humor was jovial; he made sly jokes, laughed frequently, and challenged Miss Rand into making a dozen witty observations on their journey. The girl was obviously smitten. Of the Earl’s feelings she could not be so certain: His smile was warm, and his eyes, when they rested on the girl, were alight with interest. But he must be nearly twenty years the child’s senior. Yes, there was much for Aurora to do! And the first thing would be to take the girl to her own dressmaker tomorrow—for it must never be said that Aurora Masterson’s companion was a dowd!

When Her Ladyship made the announcement, not at all apropos of anything which was being said, that she intended to introduce Miss Rand to the fashionable shops the following day, the Earl hid a smile, Pommy’s eyes sparkled with pleasure, and Gareth looked apprehensive.

“I have an appointment with some of my friends at Manton’s, Mother. I fear I shall not be able to—”

“Nonsense, Gareth, I do not at all wish to have you accompany us,” she said indulgently. “Your taste is not as good as your uncle’s. Now if he were to offer to come—” and she raised a mischievous eyebrow at the Earl, waiting to see him squirm out of the invitation. To her shocked surprise, Derek agreed at once to come, saying, with a challenging smile, “When do you wish me to call for you, my dear Aurora?”

By the time the details of the expedition had been settled, Lady Masterson felt almost breathless. Lord Austell was smiling imperturbably, and Pommy was pink with pleasure.





Seven



When Pommy awoke, she could not at first accept her luxurious surroundings as actual, and thought that she must still be in some sort of dream. Then the memory of the events of the previous day rushed into her mind, and she scrambled out of bed to examine, in the daylight, the charming room she had been almost too weary to take in the night before. It was a charming bedroom, all greens and blues and rich soft fabrics and mirrors. Mirrors! Half a dozen of them, including the first full-length one Pommy had ever seen. She ran to stand in front of it, chuckling at the sight of the tousle-haired girl who stared back at her with wide laughing eyes. Pommy hugged herself in glee.

“Even if Lady Masterson permits me to stay only a few days, it will be worth it! This is the bower of a princess. Oh, how lucky I am to be in it!”

Pulling her voluminous cotton nightgown, a hand-me-down from Aunt Henga, around her in what she considered to be a fashionable drape, Pommy walked back and forth in front of the mirror, eyes on her peacocking image.

Then she laughed aloud, and strolled around the spacious room, enjoying all the pretty and elegant furnishings. It was while she was so employed that a discreet knock sounded upon the door. Without waiting for an answer, a very capable-looking middle-aged woman in a dark blue uniform entered and greeted Pommy with surprise and a little censure.

“Oh, you are waking, Miss! I am Gordon, Lady M.’s dresser. I had not thought to find you up!”

“I have not yet learned to keep Town hours, you see,” confessed Pommy, smiling.

She could not know how young she looked, in the huge nightgown, her splendid mane of shining black hair tumbling down almost to her waist, her huge green eyes sparkling with excitement, her small piquant face alight. Lady Masterson’s dresser revised the intentions with which she had entered the room. She had come expecting to find a country bumpkin, a puffed-up little provincial, all presumption and push, who would disrupt the well-ordered routine of Milady’s house and create Problems, being neither true Quality nor actual menial. Instead she discovered an artless child, eager to share her delight in the unaccustomed luxury. No pretensions here which must be depressed, admitted Gordon, a martinet in the Servants’ Hall and so conscious of her role as Milady’s dresser as to have won the soubriquet “The Dragon.” Almost against her will her expression softened.

“Now then, Miss Rand, we must get you dressed an’ ready to go down to breakfast. For you will not wish it brought to you here, I think?”

Pommy looked appalled. “Oh no, ma’am! I have never had breakfast in bed—well, once, when I had the mumps, they left a tray inside my door, not wishing to catch the disease themselves, you see—”

“There will be nothing like that here,” Gordon assured her, with sublime confidence that an All-Wise Deity would not permit encroaching infections to disrupt Lady Masterson’s ménage. “Now, Miss Rand—”

“Oh,” interrupted Pommy urgently, “must you call me that? I know it is my name, but—but Pommy is more friendly!” she ended in a rush.

Gordon scrutinized the pleading face. Of course! Like a fish out of water in this grand household, the child was anxious for a guiding hand. Had she but known, Pommy could not have chosen a more acceptable approach.

The Dragon’s smile would not have been recognized in the Servants’ Hall. “Well, Miss, you must admit your given name is a mouthful.”

“Melpomene?” the girl sighed. “The trouble that name has caused me! But Pommy is not hard to say . . . if you please?”

Gordon smiled indulgently. “Very well, Miss Pommy. Now let me see your wardrobe, and we shall have you ready for your breakfast in the twinkling of a bed post!”

Nothing could have cemented the good relationship Pommy was establishing with the Dragon as well as what the girl did now. She hurried to the elegant armoire in which she had hung her two new dresses and the best two of her former wardrobe—all she had brought from Highcliff Manor. Both of these were years out of style—if indeed they had ever been in it—and well worn from many washings. The pitiful accessories, darned stockings, mended undergarments, were displayed in a small heap on the floor of the armoire, for Pommy had been too sleepy to look out a better place last night. But instead of showing embarrassment, or asking for pity, Pommy displayed the two new dresses with pride.

“I have this silk one for dressing up, and this pretty woolen one for everyday. There is even a bonnet to match it!”

The pride in the girl’s face as she displayed her meager wardrobe did something to Gordon’s well-armored heart. Then, noting the newness and the alamodality of the two costumes, she wondered sharply if Lord Austell had . . .

The child made her regret her suspicions before she had completely framed them.

“These may not be up to standards, but you see I had just two pounds to spend—in my home village a veritable fortune!—and we must remember that I have not come to London to make a fashionable début, Miss Gordon!” She chuckled at her own jest.

“You must call me just ‘Gordon,’ Miss Pommy. Your dresses are very pretty and suitable, but you will have need of more than two if you are to be Lady Masterson’s companion. I have no doubt she will arrange for a wardrobe for you. No,” she correctly identified the look on the girl’s face, “it will not be charity, for of course you are to receive a wage, as is customary.” To put an end to argument, Gordon said with the brisk hauteur of the superior dresser who knows both her own worth and her job, “Now you must wash your face and hands, Miss Pommy, and put on the woolen dress. I shall return to assist you with your hair in ten minutes.”

Half an hour later, Pommy, directed by Mikkle, entered the breakfast room. She was feeling complacent. Her new dress looked very well; it had apparently been freshened and pressed while she was wearing the evening gown the night before. Also Gordon had proved an even more accomplished coiffeuse than Isabelle ever was.

Gareth was already seated at the table, somberly addressing his breakfast. He rose and held her chair for her, naming the contents of several silver dishes set over candles to keep warm. Pommy chose some from each, which so put Gareth in charity with her that he smiled for the first time. Pommy began to eat without bothering him by inane inquiries into his health, or vapid chatter about the weather. This restraint at first surprised and then impressed him, and a little of the tension went out of his shoulders. After a silent five minutes dedicated to the absorption of food, Gareth touched his lips with a snowy napkin and asked Pommy if he could pour her a cup of coffee.

“I am sure it should be my office to pour yours, sir,” the girl said with a smile, suiting action to word.

When she handed her host a cup and gave herself one, Gareth said thoughtfully. “You are very quiet, are you not?” Then, lest his comment had offended her, he added simply, “I like it.”

Pommy stirred cream into the coffee. “Thank you. My uncle could never bear gabble-mongering, as he called it, at the breakfast table, so I got into the habit of silence at that time.”

“Lady Jersey is called ‘Silence,’ ” said Gareth moodily, “but that is because she is forever talking.” His beautiful countenance expressed such intense dissatisfaction that Pommy wondered, first, if he disliked Lady Jersey, then second, if he disliked company at the breakfast table. This consideration so troubled her that, finishing her slice of ham in two bites, she asked gently, “Shall I go now, Gareth? Do you prefer to break your fast alone? Mikkle directed me here today, but I promise I shan’t bother you another morning! Word of honor!”

Gareth stared at her in startled inquiry. “Good God, Miss Rand! I find your company particularly soothing, as a matter of fact. No, if I have been scowling it is because the thought of Lady Jersey’s endless conversation reminded me how much I dislike the whole social crush.”

“You dislike it? Then why—?” Pommy caught herself up. She had no business asking her host for explanations.

But Gareth was apparently eager to confide in his new acquaintance.

“Then why do I stay in London, enduring a silly, wasteful, boring existence, when my estates are crying out for my supervision? You may well wonder at it, Miss Rand! I do myself, twenty times a day!” he concluded with a bitterness which startled Pommy. She decided he must be unhappy indeed, if he would so freely confide in one who was, after all, a comparative stranger. With a sympathetic desire to help, she asked softly:

“Where are they—your estates, Gareth?”

As she had hoped, this simple question set him off on a lengthy and enthusiastic description of his patrimony—its location, acreage, resources, natural beauties—which included a trout stream, a lake large enough for boating and swimming, and woods well supplied with game. “And when I tell you,” he concluded, with a sudden reversion to his former depression, “that we have also a very respectable hunt-club forming in the district—oh, it is not The Quorn, I grant you, but the members are all friends of mine, and very keen!—you will see that going to stupid balls and routs and trying to talk with chattering débutantes and old quizzies is not what I would choose to be doing!”

“Then why not leave?” asked Pommy logically.

“Mother!” groaned Gareth.

“Oh,” said Pommy. “I—I see.”

“I am the worst beast in Nature,” Gareth castigated himself. “Mother is so lonely since my father was killed, so fearful of my leaving her, that I have not the heart—” He paused.

Pommy’s own heart warmed to this responsible son. “Of course you have not felt that leaving her was the thing,” she agreed gently. “But the situation has changed, has it not? Lady Masterson now has a companion—and while I am not in any way a substitute for yourself, still I shall do all in my power to amuse and assist her. So might not this be your opportunity to visit your estates, at least briefly?”

Gareth had been looking more cheerful as she spoke, but after a few minutes thought, he sighed deeply and shook his head.

“I cannot tell you how much I appreciate your kindness, Miss Rand, but it will not do! You see, one of Mama’s most frequent remarks is to the effect that she is so grateful to have my presence, since she needs a man’s strong arm to lean upon.”

“Does she go into Society, then?” queried Pommy. “I had thought, from what Lord Austell said, that she was much at home.”

“Oh, she is!” agreed her son gloomily. “She is still invited everywhere, for you must know that she and my father were a very welcome couple at every kind of social event, for they were the merriest pair!” He sighed again. “It quite breaks my heart to see her so languid and—and—tearful!” he concluded gruffly.

Pommy felt something rising in her breast which was certainly not sympathy. It was anger, and it was directed at the Lady Masterson, her new mistress. How could she keep this splendid considerate son of hers, on a leading string, like a small child or—or a puppy, to amuse and comfort her! Could she not see that she was making him very unhappy? As always happened when she was strongly moved, Pommy began to fantasize some possible solutions to the problem. The first that came to her mind was a substitute. The Lady Masterson, even at her advanced age—for she must be all of thirty-eight or thirty-nine—was still an exceedingly beautiful woman, when she forgot her lachrymose ways. “I understand from Lord Austell,” she said offhandedly, “that he intended to remain for most of the Season in London. Surely he would act as his sister-in-law’s escort, and—uh—strong arm?”

“By Jove, Miss Pommy,” said Gareth, suddenly appearing hopeful, “You may have something! I myself heard him say he intended a longer stay than usual in the City. Perhaps, a little later, when Mama is engaged with you and with the Earl, I might just slip away—”

It was said so wistfully that Pommy at once vowed she would find some way to help this beautiful youth to the very proper enjoyment of his own estates.





Eight



Gareth and Pommy were just getting up from the table when a maid entered the room to inform Miss Rand that Her Ladyship had decided to rise at the unheard-of hour of nine o’clock in order to take Miss Rand to see Lady Masterson’s dressmaker, and would appreciate Miss Rand being ready to go out by eleven.

“Oh, but surely—this is an imposition!” cried Pommy, much distressed by the notion of disrupting the widow’s morning routine.

Gareth, on the other hand, was looking remarkably pleased. “Do you not see, Pommy, it is just as you said! She is interested! She was used to love clothes so, and was considered the best-dressed woman in the Beau Monde. It could not be better!”

Pommy reluctantly agreed, noting that the young man had called her Pommy in his excitement. Perhaps it was all for the best, and she must sink her pride and accept whatever good the gods and Lady Masterson were pleased to bestow upon her. But there was one thing she must get clear now, whilst she had Gareth with her.

“What is the stipend paid to a companion?” she asked.

Gareth stared. “Why—er—I really have no idea,” he answered slowly. “Perhaps one hundred pounds a year?”

Pommy broke into joyous laughter. “It is easily seen, sir, that you have never hired a companion! One hundred pounds! You might as well say one thousand!”

Gareth’s beautiful mouth widened in a sheepish grin. “Is it too much, then? Well, I am sure I do not know.”

“Then you should have said so at the outset, and not led the poor companion into dreams far above her station,” Pommy teased.

The younger man regarded her doubtfully, then laughed. “You are bamming me, are you not? No one has ever done so since I came to Town. I was used to have several friends who were forever cracking wits with me,” he finished wistfully.

“Then you may expect more of the same while I am here,” Pommy replied firmly. It was her private opinion that the youth was far too solemn for his age. It was clearly her duty to rouse him, as well as his melancholy parent, to a realization of the joy to be found in small jokes.

When he went off for his daily ride in the Park, Pommy ran lightly upstairs to her pretty room to don the bonnet which went with the woolen dress. As she took up her reticule and the gloves she had always worn to church, Pommy felt that she was armored to face whatever Fate might bring.

What Fate sent was the Earl, looking more splendid in his formal morning costume than she had yet been privileged to behold him. In fact her eyes and mouth rounded into “O’s” at sight of this sartorial magnificence. The Earl noted this manifestation with a boyish grin.

“Oh, Pommy, you are a refreshment and a delight! You cannot expect me to believe that your open-mouthed admiration is not a put-on! Having been exposed to Gareth’s alamodality, as organized by his mother, you must surely assess my claims as paltry!”

A sudden, and to Pommy, unwelcome blush stained the girl’s cheeks. The Earl noted this sign with amusement, and would no doubt have continued in the same vein had not Lady Masterson entered at that moment, accompanied by Gordon and two maidservants holding various accessories without which Milady apparently deemed it impossible to venture from her home.

The Earl took immediate and good-natured charge of the situation, removing the two parasols between which she could not decide (“My carriage is covered, dear Aurora!”), the second and larger of the two reticules (“You do remember you agreed to permit me to stand the nonsense today!”), and the fur muff (“Really, Aurora, this is too much! We are not venturing into Polar regions this morning!”).

Pommy, accustomed to the Rand family’s constant contentiousness, was greatly surprised to see how cheerfully Lady Masterson reacted to the Earl’s masterful behavior. Her Ladyship did not appear to find it odd that the gentleman should take over their shopping expedition so cavalierly; in fact she accepted it with the complacent enjoyment of a stroked kitten. It became plain to Pommy that it would be sensible to secure a worldly-wise, strong-minded, and well-to-pass partner for Lady Masterson, since she clearly forgot her melancholy while in the company of such a gentleman. Lord Austell would seem to be the obvious choice, for he was available, acceptable to the lady, and satisfied all requirements. Pommy found herself reluctant, for no reason she could discover, to promote this decidedly suitable match. And for once she did not try to fantasize the course of events which would follow a declaration from the Earl to Lady Masterson. In fact, she suddenly felt quite out of sorts with herself and her two gaily chatting companions, and wondered if this wave of loneliness which threatened to swamp her spirits and cut up her peace would be her habitual mood as Lady Masterson’s companion. Contrasting this trip in the Earl’s carriage with her first day’s ride from Sayre Village, she recalled her naive pleasure in the Earl’s attention, and their shared laughter, and could almost find it in her heart to resent her employer’s presence. Then, disgusted with her own petty ingratitude, she resolutely turned her attention to the light banter of her fellow-passengers, and assumed an attentive yet properly respectful demeanor.

When they reached the establishment of Mlle. Lutetie, the Earl offered each of the ladies an arm, and when Pommy would have held back, he gave her such a quelling glance that she hastily put her fingers upon his sleeve.

The salon was decorated with gold-framed mirrors and beautiful gold and crystal chandeliers whose lusters sparkled like diamonds in the light of their candles. A thick carpet covered the floor, flowers were displayed in large bowls, and an exotic drift of perfume sweetened the air. Pommy drew in a long breath.

“It’s gorgeous,” she whispered, “but where are the dresses?”

For some reason this set both her companions to laughing. It was a jovial group which presented itself to the other patrons and the proprietress of the salon. Mlle. Lutetie hurried toward them, her attitude that of a sharp business woman under the veneer of Gallic enthusiasm with which she greeted these important clients. While she was arranging chairs for Lady Masterson and Pommy, the Earl, casting a harassed look at the stylishly dressed ladies in the room, suddenly announced that an urgent appointment, till this instant forgotten, would compel him to leave them to their delicate negotiations. He promised to return in two hours to drive them home, or through the Park if they would so honor him. He promised to return in two hours to drive them home, or through the Park if they would so honor him.

“Nonsense, Derek,” said Lady Masterson astringently. “You are either bored or terrified at the notion of having to talk about female garments for two hours.” At this rueful acknowledgment, she went on, “Leave us, then, timorous creature!”

The Earl bowed his gratitude for her forbearance, and after a word in private with Mlle. Lutetie, which left her smiling broadly, he made his adieux.

Mademoiselle had already alerted her minions, who were displaying luscious bolts of silk, satin, velvet, and delicate crepe materials, as well as swatches of trimmings in laces, braid, and feathers. These enticements were draped over chair backs or thrown on the soft carpet like the gleaming treasure of Ali Baba for their inspection. Lady Masterson, to Pommy’s dismay, was firmly resistant both to her companion’s hints that the latter would be more comfortable and certainly more suitably appareled in some less fashionable emporium, and to Mademoiselle’s coaxing assertion that Her Ladyship would look as lovely as a dream in that silver tissue from Lyons.

Lady Masterson, exquisite and ethereal in black silk, was smiling negation of both proposals when a pair of ladies who had been concealed in a fitting room strolled into the main salon. Recognition was instant and unfriendly. Lady Masterson acknowledged their babble of greetings and exclamations introduced her companion as Miss Rand, a friend from Cornwall, and civilly enough asked them how they were enjoying the Season.

“Oh, above anything!” gushed the elder and less attractive of the two ladies, who had been introduced as Mrs. Rogart. “Such a pity that you have sequestered yourself from Society, dear Aurora! And are we to assume, from your presence here, that you have at last decided to rejoin the World?”

“I am assisting my young friend to select a few gowns for her sojourn in London,” replied Her Ladyship repressively. But Mrs. Rogart was not to be deterred.

“Of course it is not worth your while buying new clothes for yourself when you never come into Society,” she emphasized. “Dear Sally Jersey was just saying, a night or two ago, that she wondered what you could have done with yourself these last years. ‘Probably rusticating in the country growing vegetables!’ she said in her funning way! Of course everyone laughed at the idea of the once-fashionable Lady Masterson grubbing among the hay rows!”

Mrs. Rogart and her companion, Miss Petula Rogart, laughed quite heartily at this jest. “She is such a wit, dear Sally,” sighed the older lady.

“Indeed?” was the rather daunting comment from Lady Masterson “When one has so much to say, it is inevitable one should occasionally produce something witty, I suppose.” She turned away toward Pommy, and continued in quite a different tone, “My dear child, do you not like that Pomona-green crepe? I swear it will look charmingly on you!”

Mrs. Rogart would not be dismissed so lightly. She said with an assumption of regret, “It is so sad that you no longer wear colors, Lady Masterson! I can remember how prettily you looked in those violet shades you formerly affected! Black is so hard on older women, do you not agree?” and she smoothed her own cerise silk complacently. “Well, it was pleasant to meet you and your—er—protégée from the country. She will cut quite a swath among the hayfields with her green dress from Lutetie!” Cackling shrilly at her own wit, Mrs. Rogart led her daughter out of the salon.

Pommy hardly dared look at Lady Masterson. She was rather surprised to hear a firm note in the usually lachrymose voice.

“Mlle. Lutetie, please bring me that bolt of violet silk. I wish to look at it again.”

Pommy espoused the material with enthusiasm. “It reflects up into your beautiful silver-gray eyes, Lady Masterson, and makes them look like wet wood violets!”

Her ladyship glanced in a mirror as the Frenchwoman held the lustrous material near her face. “Yes, you may make me a gown from this, mademoiselle. Let us see your pattern cards, if you please!”

When the Earl came for them, his first quick glance was at Pommy. Reassured by the drugged delight on her expressive countenance, he smiled wryly at his sister-in-law.

“You look like two particularly well-satisfied kittens! Let me coax you away from your cream pot with the lure of a pretty toy for each of you.”

He assisted them into his carriage, again taking the seat which placed his back to the driver, the better to survey the two ladies before him. “I must say you seem pleased with your morning’s work! Have you left a single bolt of silk or a shred of lace in the shop?”

Lady Masterson’s chiming laughter rang out. “Scarcely! I promise you, Austell, there was nothing further from my mind than the idea of ordering dresses for myself when I entered that ridiculously tempting place! But then Pommy and Mrs. Rogart between them made me change my intentions.”

The Earl raised questioning eyebrows. “Pommy’s support of my campaign I had dared to hope for, but Mrs. Rogart—?”

“Quite an unconscious ally, I can assure you!” said Her Ladyship crisply. “A more disagreeable female I have never set eyes upon!”

It was clear to Pommy that the woman’s sarcasm still rankled. She said meditatively, “Mrs. Rogart put me very much in mind of a cow my uncle bought from a gypsy. It was forever lowing and waggling its enormously fat hips, and it broke the stableman’s leg with a kick when he tried to milk it. ‘Aaall moo aaand no milk’ was how he characterized it,” Pommy imitated the soft Cornish drawl.

Lady Masterson dissolved into delighted laughter at this characterization of her recent adversary. The Earl watched Pommy’s piquant little face with warm approval as he joined in the healing merriment.

Lady Masterson wiped away tears of mirth with a lace scrap of handkerchief. “Pommy my love,” she gurgled, “you must promise me you will never change!” Then she eyed her brother-in-law. “I am pleased Pommy has put you in such high good humor,” she told him. “You are more like to groan when you see the bill Lutetie will send you!”

“I am?” The Earl glanced defensively at Pommy’s darkening face. “But did I not tell you it is Lady Masterson’s birthday, Pommy, and we must all celebrate with her? No quibbling, now! You would not wish to spoil my simple pleasures, I hope? It would be too shabby of you!”

Without quite understanding what she was at, Pommy found herself asking forgiveness of Lord Austell and then of Lady Masterson. Graciously accepting her apologies, the Earl produced two white velvet boxes from his well-cut coat. The larger he handed to his sister-in-law. “—Er—happy birthday, Aurora!” he said briskly.

“Inaccurate, but acceptable, Derek,” she murmured, her slender white fingers busy with the fastening on the box. It opened to reveal a bracelet of tiny flexible silver links, set with diamonds and amethysts. Her Ladyship uttered a small crow of pleasure at the charming bauble, and accorded the Earl a dazzling smile. “My thanks, Derek darling! I shall wear it—” she paused, and a slightly lost look crossed her lovely face.

“You shall wear it at the soirée I am giving in your honor Thursday evening,” he said firmly. “By that time one at least of the new gowns will be finished, and we shall have a quiet, pleasant evening listening to your favorite music and introducing Pommy to our friends.” He turned to the girl before Her Ladyship could have time to rally and state objections. “What, child? Have you not yet opened your gift? This is not at all the thing, you know! Let us have a show of gratitude and interest at once, if you please!” He grinned at her. “I shall expect an appropriate quotation, also, from Augustus Mayo’s grandchild.”

Pommy raised tear-bright green eyes to his smiling face. No one had ever given her a present since her parents died. Her hands shook as she tried to recall an appropriate line. Then one of her favorite sonnets came into her mind. “ ‘The cause of this fair gift in me is wanting . . .’ ” she whispered, and busied herself opening the small velvet box Lord Austell had given her.

“On the contrary,” retorted the Earl, in a voice which had Lady Masterson’s eyes flashing to his face, “How does Shakespeare go on? ‘Thyself thou gav’st, thy own worth then not knowing.’ Open it, Pommy.”

Pommy stared down at the thread-thin silver chain from which hung a small emerald, simple yet beautifully faceted to display its green fires. Her heart in her wide green eyes, the girl looked up at the man so close to her across the carriage.

“Oh, it is lovely, Milord, but I cannot . . . I must not . . . it is too precious—”

Lady Masterson had been observing this scene with interest. Now she addressed her companion with calming good sense. “Nonsense, child! Of course you will not spoil Lord Austell’s charming gesture on my—er—birthday with missish protests! Thank His Lordship nicely and let us enjoy our drive in the Park.”

Confronted with this dauntingly prosaic charge, Pommy controlled her Romantic transports, thanked His Lordship nicely, and sat clutching her first grown-up present in fiercely protective fingers. A delightful half hour was spent bowling along the pleasant roads in the Park, Lady Masterson requesting that the windows be opened so that she might observe the beauties of Nature, as well as the occupants of other carriages and coaches. She even found herself bowing and smiling as she acknowledged the pleased recognition of her person from numerous old friends.

“This has been a triumphant progression for you, my dear Aurora,” the Earl commented after the twentieth such encounter. “It would appear that you should show yourself more frequently to your friends and admirers.”

“Well, at least I am not rusticating in a hayfield,” scoffed the widow. This remark naturally aroused Lord Austell’s curiosity, and nothing would do for it but that he should be told the tale behind her words. Lady Masterson commanded Pommy to tell it, which the girl did with spirit. Soon they were chuckling heartily at the girl’s inspired mimicry. Their acquaintances, beholding the mirthful behavior of the trio in the Earl’s carriage, greeted it with pleasure or envy, according to their natures.

As he was handing the ladies down at the door of Number Three Portman Square, Lord Austell bent toward Pommy and said, soberly but with an unmistakable twinkle in his blue eyes, “I have not yet had my quotation from the classics, little scholar. I shall not accept that self-deprecating line from Shakespeare, you know!”

“At the risk of being too obvious, shall I say I fear the Peer, even when bearing gifts?” paraphrased the girl pertly.

The Earl gave a shout of laughter. “Miss Impudence, I see you are yourself again! You shall pay for that piece of provocation, you know! You had better have a much more flattering citation ready for me by Thursday night, or I shall impose a forfeit!” Doffing his hat with panache, the Earl saw the ladies inside the door before remounting into his carriage, which promptly rolled away down the road.

Pommy sighed. It had been a wonderful, a challenging morning, and she was feeling dazed. Lady Masterson scanned the bemused little face as they started up the grand stairway to their rooms. What was Austell up to? He had never before shown any interest in débutantes! She discovered that she was most unwilling to permit this kind child to be hurt.

“You must not refine too much on what Lord Austell says, you know, my dear Pommy,” she counseled. “Although he is usually quite solemn, he is very much a man of his world, after all.”

“Solemn?” questioned Pommy, more for something to say than because she wanted to explore the subject. She had a sinking feeling that Her Ladyship was warning her off the Earl, and the implications of that were painful. Was Lady Masterson telling her that the Earl was beyond the touch of a country bumpkin like Pommy Rand? Or, more humiliating, was she suggesting that her own claim upon His Lordship was stronger and of longer standing than anything Pommy could put forward?

Lady Masterson was smiling gently. “I must thank you, dear child. I really do not remember when I have spent a pleasanter morning. It seems that you and Derek have committed me, between you, to an evening of music. I must admit I am looking forward to it. It will be delightful. I promise you, for Derek does all things well. I wonder whom he will invite?”

“Not Mrs. Rogart and her offspring, I trust!” quipped Pommy, making a mock-horrified grimace.

Lady Masterson’s laugh chimed out. “Oh, Pommy, you do me nothing but good! I am so pleased that Derek found you for me! He has been at me forever to engage a youthful companion, hoping it would bring me out of the megrims.”

“And has it?” asked Pommy, smiling.

“You know it has, dear child! I feel like a new woman already, and when that violet silk arrives, I shall look like one!”

“And confusion to Mrs. Rogart!” pledged Pommy.

Both women chuckled.

“Now we must retire to our rooms to rest until it is time to dress for dinner. I have decided to come down for it again this evening, thanks to you, child.”

“Have you everything you wish, Lady Masterson?” asked Pommy, remembering her duties as companion.

“Yes, thank you. Gordon cossets me to death,” answered her employer with a deprecating smile. She vanished into her exquisitely feminine suite.

Sighing, Pommy was just turning away to seek the quiet of her own room when she became aware of Mikkle mounting the stairs and peering anxiously in her direction.

“Oh, Miss Pommy! There is a young lady most eager to speak with you. I hope you will indulge her at once. She is—ah—weeping!”

“Isabelle!” guessed Pommy, for surely no other girl knew where she was to be found. Unless, of course, Forte had given the Rands her direction? Turning, she hurried downstairs after the butler. In a moment she was entering the drawing room, where a vision of loveliness stood before the flower-filled hearth, a handkerchief clutched in one hand, and tears streaming down her flawless face. Pommy took one instant to wonder again how any female could cry without causing even the tip of her exquisite nose to develop unbecoming red patches, and the next instant she put her arms around the weeping girl and hugged her.

“Oh, Pommy!” wailed Miss Boggs. “Disaster! I am quite undone!”

“Then we shall simply have to do you up again,” said Pommy prosaically. “You are alive, Isabelle, and I will help you with your problem. Can you tell me what the trouble is? Do sit down!” and she led the weeping girl to a love seat and settled her comfortably, offering her own large clean handkerchief as a reinforcement for Miss Boggs’s soaked scrap of linen.

“Oh, Pommy,” gulped the vintner’s heiress, her glorious complexion not at all marred by her excess of grief, “it is Papa! He has concocted such a horrid scheme that I dare not tell you of it!”

“You are going to, however, are you not?” coaxed Pommy gently. “It would be foolish beyond permission if you left me dangling at the edge of Disaster!”

“But it is I who am dangling at the edge, as you phrase it, dear Pommy,” objected Isabelle with her usual lack of imagination. “Papa is threatening me with marriage to the Earl!”

“What?” Pommy was betrayed into an incredulous squawk. “Do you mean our Earl? Lord Austell?”

“If that is his name, yes,” agreed Isabelle.

“But I fear I do not—comprehend,” stammered Pommy. “You have scarcely met His Lordship—I had no idea he had—had offered for you—”

Isabelle sighed. “I doubt if the Earl would recognize me if he met me in his porridge,” she said glumly.

Pommy, stifling the desire to smile, was privately of the opinion that any male fortunate enough to get a glimpse of Miss Boggs’s perfection would find it impossible to forget her, no matter where he subsequently met her, but she did not wish to start an argument at this crucial moment in Isabelle’s explanation. Instead she patted the other girl’s hand gently and asked, “Then if the Earl has not offered—?”

“It is Papa,” Isabelle stated. “He is at matchmaking again! First it was Mr. Alan Corcran, but since Papa has met the Earl, nothing less will satisfy him! It is too dreadful!”

Pommy snatched at the remnants of her poise. “But surely it must be the Earl’s prerogative to make an offer, must it not? Your father cannot—”

“My papa is capable of anything,” Isabelle assured her. “He has taken it into his head that Lord Austell has—has compromised me—eloped with me from my Great-aunt Sophronia’s home—spent several nights with me on the road—oh, I cannot tell you all the dreadful nonsense he has talked!” Tears swelled upon her lower eyelids, threatening to fall.

“Do not cry, Isabelle,” commanded Pommy. “We must keep our wits about us, do you not see that?”

“Yes, Pommy,” agreed Isabelle with deep admiration. “I knew if I could just get to you with my problem, it would be solved in a twinkling!”

“Well, perhaps not quite in a twinkling.” Pommy demurred. “But surely in a few days at most, if you will be good enough to give me all the details of your papa’s scheme.”

“I think I shall be able to do so,” answered Isabelle, frowning fiercely in her effort to remember the details Pommy had requested. “First, he talked a great deal about how obliged we must be at His Lordship’s condescension in rescuing me. That was the first day. Then he questioned me as to everything which had happened from the moment I left Great-aunt Sophronia’s doorway. Then he quizzed me about you, Pommy, and what relationship you bore the Earl. I said,” the beautiful eyes pleaded for understanding of this invasion of her friend’s privacy, “that His Lordship had told me you were his niece.” Upon Pommy’s nod of encouragement, she continued. “The next day Papa called me into his study and told me he had made inquiries, and that the Earl of Austell had no nieces, only a nephew, Mr. Gareth Masterson, and two distant cousins, both at their last prayers.”

“I am Lady Masterson’s companion,” Pommy managed to say quietly. What sort of vicious scandal-broth was the vintner stirring up?

“Well, I told him what his Lordship had said, but Papa only laughed and rubbed his hands in the way he has when he has made a good bargain. It was then he told me he was going to seek an interview with the Earl, and present to him the necessity of a marriage to save his own good name and mine. So I came to you. For I do not wish to marry the Earl!”

“What is this?” demanded a new, very masculine voice from the doorway. Gareth strode into the room and confronted the two girls upon the love seat.

Isabelle raised her lovely pale blue eyes and took in the male magnificence standing before her. “Oh!” breathed the vintner’s heiress, and blushed enchantingly.

At the same moment, Gareth was caught in a stare at the exquisite beauty before him. His anger drained away visibly, to be replaced by a look of wonder and awe.

“Who,” demanded Gareth without removing his gaze from Isabelle’s face, “is this?”

“It is Miss Isabelle Boggs,” said Pommy, a little annoyed at an interruption at this moment, “and her father intends to blackmail the Earl into marrying her.”

“Never,” said Gareth simply. “I would rather marry her myself.”

“That is all very well,” snapped Pommy crossly, the task of dealing with two beautiful nitwits presenting itself as more than she could endure, “but Mr. Boggs does not wish a mere heir when he can get an Earl.”

“Would you say ‘mere’?” objected Gareth. “I have a fine estate and enough money to take care of a wife—as Mama has been so frequently reminding me of late.”

“I do not wish to be married to the Earl,” Isabelle repeated, “but it is of little use to object, for Papa has often told me that he never takes ‘no’ for an answer.”

“Perhaps your papa has a surprise in store,” said Pommy grimly. A dozen schemes were flashing through her head; if she could only secure a few minutes’ peace, she would be able to decide which one offered the best chance of succeeding. She looked at the two handsome creatures before her. It seemed they had scarcely moved in the last few minutes.

“Gareth,” Pommy said clearly, “why do you not ring for tea to be brought in ten minutes? I shall take Isabelle to my room, where she can wash the tears from her face. Then I shall bring her back here to you, and we three can surely find a way out of this bumble-bath.”

Although it was evident that Gareth was reluctant to let the Beauty slip from his sight even long enough to wash her perfect face, he grudgingly agreed and went to summon Mikkle and relay the order for tea. Pommy escaped thankfully with Miss Boggs, whom she set to tidying up her already flawless person while her mentor sat on the bed and ran hastily through the plans which had presented themselves to her agile imagination. She had almost settled upon one, which involved flight by night to the continent, where Isabelle would be wooed and won by a Prussian nobleman of distinguished lineage, thus satisfying Mr. Boggs and freeing the Earl from the threat of blackmail, when Isabelle said idly, “My papa is going to wait upon the Earl tomorrow, during the Musical Soirée. He is sure that with all his guests present, Lord Austell will not wish to cause a scandal.”

Pommy had an impulse to scream at her. Instead she said coldly. “Why did you not tell me we had so little time to maneuver? I had thought of a scheme which would have suited us very well, but this does not give me time to put it into action.”

“I could go back to Bath and stay with Aunt Tabitha,” proposed Isabelle humbly.

“No, for I think now that your papa will proceed with his blackmail whether you are in London or Land’s End,” said Pommy honestly. “I must tell the Earl what threatens him. It would not be fair to let him rush blindly upon his fate. You see that, do you not?”

Betraying her father’s plans to the proposed victim did not bother Isabelle. She nodded happily enough and said, shyly, “That young gentleman downstairs—is he your brother?”

Pommy, in the throes of a new invention, contented herself with a brief, “No.”

“Cousin?”

“No.”

“Is he—your fiancé?”

“He is the Earl’s nephew and heir. His name is Gareth Masterson. His style, the Honorable,” explained Pommy, accepting the fact that her self-invited guest would not leave her in peace to plot a way out of their difficulties, a way of saving the Earl, until her curiosity had been satisfied. There was only one thing to do: inform Lord Austell of the danger as soon as possible, and let him save himself. It seemed poor spirited, but Pommy was sensible enough to know when she was out of her depth.

She led Isabelle down to the drawing room where Gareth waited, standing guard over the tea tray. His gaze went at once to Isabelle. She smiled shyly at him. He took her hand and led her to the love seat, where he sat down beside her. The fact that his six-foot frame rather crowded the available accommodation did not appear to disturb either of the pair.

They gazed at one another.

Sighing, Pommy poured hem each a cup of tea and left them. It was more important to send a note to the Earl than to play gooseberry for a couple so besotted that they had quite forgotten she was there.





Nine



When Lady Masterson came down to dinner she was startled yet pleased to see her son in close converse with a modishly attired and most beautiful young girl. Pommy had made sure that she herself was already dressed for dinner in her emerald silk, and was chaperoning the pair, so that Her Ladyship might not be disturbed by any flouting of les convenances. Gareth sprang up as his mother entered; Pommy was glad to observe that he neither flustered nor bullocked, but presented Miss Isabelle Boggs to Lady Masterson with cheerful grace, informing her that he had taken the liberty of inviting Pommy’s guest to dinner.

Her Ladyship graciously seconded the invitation, but Miss Boggs, suddenly made aware that her visit had lasted quite two hours, said very prettily that she must depart on once. In spite of warm entreaties to change her mind, Isabelle remained quietly adamant. She took her leave with all the correct civilities, and Pommy was inclined to credit Mr. Boggs with having secured the services of an excellent governess for his ewe lamb.

While Gareth was seeing the guest out to her waiting carriage, Lady Masterson fixed Pommy with an inquiring eye. “What a very beautiful young woman,” she began.

Pommy smiled. “She is the pretty widgeon I told you of, who fell in front of our carriage.” She was sure Her Ladyship had immediately recognized the girl from Pommy’s description. There could surely not, even in London at the height of the Season, be two girls as ravishingly lovely as Isabelle! “A Nonesuch, is she not?”

“Quite the most beautiful creature I have ever seen,” agreed Gareth’s mother with commendable modesty, “and pretty behaved, as well.”

There could be little doubt that Lady Masterson had also recalled the information that Mr. Boggs was as rich as Croesus, but such considerations would weigh lightly with one of Her Ladyship’s wealth and lineage. What might interest her, thought Pommy, noting the speculative gleam in the beautiful silver eyes, was that this flawless-looking heiress was obviously as biddable as she was beautiful, and might serve to anchor Gareth in London. Lady Masterson smiled gently and prepared to go in to dinner with great contentment.

To her satisfaction, Gareth announced that he had thought of an excellent scheme, if his mama approved? Being urged to reveal the nature of this scheme, he said he had had the notion of procuring tickets for the theater for his mother, Pommy, and of course, their new friend Miss Isabelle . . . perhaps a quiet little dinner beforehand, at a place Uncle Derek had spoken of . . . if his mama thought it would not bore everyone to tears—? He looked at Lady Masterson with his heart in his beautiful eyes.

No lady, least of all his mother, could resist such an appeal. Her Ladyship said she thought it a capital plan, and she was sure they would all enjoy it very much indeed. Since it was the first time her son ever volunteered to go on the Town, even in so circumspect a fashion, Lady Masterson positively beamed upon him. And upon Pommy, for she correctly attributed his new interest in social activities to the introduction into her household of the Earl’s protégée.

Pommy said all that was proper to encourage the scheme, and no one would have known, from watching her smiling little face, that the devious brain behind it was hard at work planning not only how to apprise the Earl of his danger, but also how to assist him actively in combating it.

In the event, it was almost noon the next day before she was able to get away to deliver her warning. First, the new dressed arrived for Her Ladyship and Her Ladyship’s companion from Mlle. Lutetie. These had to be tried on, criticized, admired, and finally hung up in the armoires of the two ladies. Then there was a nuncheon to be got through, for Lady Masterson, bustling and pleased with her new interests, was eager to talk to Pommy about the heartening change in Gareth’s attitude. Pommy could see that her need for him was not obsessive; she did not wish to possess all his time and attention, merely to be assured that he would remain near her.

When Lady Masterson could at length be persuaded to lie down upon her bed for a rest to prepare her for the night’s festivities at the Musical Soirée, Pommy escaped thankfully. She did not feel it proper in her to request the use of one of her hostess’s vehicles, so she merely put on her bonnet, one of the new walking dresses which she could not resist, and smiling gently at the surprised young footman, Chelm, went out the door and into the Square.

She had marked the presence of a stand where a hackney coach might be hired. She had still a few shillings of her savings left, for the Earl had told her pretty sharply not to look a gift horse in the mouth, and then relented enough to inform her that he would send on the bill as soon as Mlle. Lutetie presented it. There was no difficulty in securing a hackney coach, and Pommy found herself before the Earl’s impressive Town house in the twinkling of hooves (as she told herself with a chuckle). She was a little abstracted as she paid and tipped her Jehu, but managed to pull herself together, mount the steps under the handsome portico, and wield the knocker. When she gave him her name, the Earl’s butler received her with such flattering attention that she wondered if His Lordship, on receiving her note, had given his servant a hint of her possible arrival. Within a minute she was ushered into a noble library. From behind a massive desk, Lord Austell rose to greet her with a welcoming smile.

“Pommy! This is a pleasure! May I offer you a cup of tea?”

“Thank you, no, Milord. I have just lunched with Lady Masterson.”

The Earl dismissed the waiting Tupper with a nod, then helped Pommy to a comfortable chair near the window, where the light fell softly over her piquant face.

“In what way may I serve you, child?” he asked gently.

With a stern admonition to herself not to be missish, Pommy began her story. By the time she had related Mr. Boggs’s scheme to levy blackmail upon the Earl, he was grinning.

“So that was the reason for your frantic little note! I was about to wait upon you to discover the whole.”

“You were taking your time,” retorted Pommy, not at all relishing his amusement. “I had feared my missive had not been delivered, since I heard nothing from you.”

The Earl’s eyes were still warm with laughter. “You must forgive me, dear Pommy, but you will recollect that I am to be your host at the Musical Soirée this evening, and I am most anxious to spare no effort to make the event a pleasant one for you and Lady Masterson.”

Pommy was not placated by this flummery. “You are also to be host, however inadvertently, to Mr. Boggs. It is his plan to challenge you over his daughter’s excursion with you while you are surrounded by your friends—and thus may be reckoned to be particularly vulnerable to his wretched scheme!”

“An enterprising fellow!” said the Earl. “I wonder how he plans to get past Tupper and eight stout footmen?”

“Eight?” gasped Pommy. “You maintain your state, Milord!”

“Oh, it is all put on to impress you, Pommy,” teased the Earl. “As a usual thing, I have only four.”

“You are laughing at me again,” said Pommy. “I do not know why I do not abandon you to your doom without qualms!”

“Could you, Pommy? Leave me to my doom? I had thought you had some little kindness for me,” and his smiling gaze probed her flushed countenance. “Do you, dear Pommy? Have even the least affection for me?”

Pommy’s honest eyes met his. A rich blush flowed up into her face. “You must know, Milord, that I—that I—”

The Earl had stopped smiling and was regarding her intently. “It is not fair of me to challenge you thus, is it, my Pommy?” he said, in quite a different tone from the teasing one he had been using. “So. Forget all this and let us discuss our plans for my salvation—for I would wager a great deal upon the fact that you have some.”

Not entirely relieved by the Earl’s abrupt dismissal of their relationship, Pommy was still grateful for the removal of pressure. Gathering her powers of invention, she suggested the several plans she had already considered. She found His Lordship full of quibbles and quite unreasonable objections.

“As you say, catching a foreign princeling for Miss Boggs might require more time than we have in hand. Also there would be the language barrier—still, that might be an advantage in the case of Miss Boggs. I am sure if the foreign princeling had only to look at her, he would never become bored.”

“The plan to waylay Boggs himself,” continued the Earl judicially, “and incarcerate him in some out-of-way spot, would have serious repercussions, I fear. We could not keep him incommunicado forever, could we? When he was finally restored to freedom, he would be sure to take umbrage at our attentions. On the other hand, the scheme for me to absent myself from London for six months on a Grand Tour has much to recommend it. Boggs could hardly blackmail me if I played least-in-sight. Still, I might get lonely. Had you envisioned a companion for me during my six months exile, Pommy?”

Pommy set her teeth. “Are you teasing me again?”

The Earl laughed. “The simplest way out of the difficulty—though I know that that would never appeal to you, child—is for Miss Isabelle to become engaged to someone else. Did you not say she is, in fact, already publicly plighted to Alan Corcran?”

“It would humiliate her to wed him after the cruel thing he said,” protested Pommy. “Besides, I have the impression Mr. Boggs would not allow a little thing like an engagement to stand in the way of making his daughter your Countess!”

“And you believe I will have nothing to say about that?” asked the Earl. “You do not know me well enough.”

“Of course you could stop it,” said Pommy. “Could you also stop the gossip he is determined to raise? And do not tell me, in that odious, toplofty manner, that you would simply ignore it, because I do know you well enough to understand how much you would hate it!”

“Touché,” admitted the Earl. “Then, if we cannot get the Fair Isabelle married off in time to save me, what do you say to getting me leg shackled?”

Pommy heard this astounding question with shocked surprise. He wasn’t smiling. Instead he was watching her closely. After a moment she said in a small voice she hardly recognized as her own, “To—to Lady Masterson?”

“Of course not, widgeon! She was my brother’s wife. I like her, but her endless indulgence in Moods would drive me to Bedlam! By the way, I have you to thank for rousing her out of a melancholy so prolonged I feared she had sunk in it forever!”

Pommy would not be diverted from the question. “Then to whom?”

The Earl regarded her with an odd little smile. “To you?”

Pommy opened her mouth to utter a withering diatribe against persons who treated serious matters with flippancy—and then paused. She must not take for granted that he was serious, since it had already occurred to her that, for a man who was forever teasing her about being a Romantic, the Earl had a frivolous streak—what Uncle Charles would undoubtedly have called an odd kick in his gallop. It was likely he was funning her again. She scrutinized his expression carefully. There was no trace of mockery in it. Then why this incredible suggestion? She tried to marshal her thoughts. After a moment she decided she had the answer.

“I see! That way you’d be safe. I would never hold you to it, of course, and when Isabelle was safely wedded to someone else, you could announce a change of—” she faltered— “a change of heart.” She managed to get the final phrase out bravely enough.

“Would not that be a perfect chance for you to be the Blighted Heroine?” the man asked, and there was a queer twist of mockery in his face. “When we break it off, I mean. You would immediately become the most interesting young female in London, the one who had actually dismissed an Earl! I could promise to go about looking heartbroken, and having a glass too much wine upon occasion, and ruining pompous dinner parties with my sighs and gloomy looks!” He laughed harshly.

“In that case,” snapped Pommy, feeling both cross and wretched at once, “it would not be myself but you—you would be Blighted, I mean. No, Milord, I find your plan unacceptable. Even in jest.” (Especially when it is in jest, dear Milord, cried her treacherous heart.)

The Earl stood up. “On the contrary, my dear child, I think I may have hit upon the very answer to my problem. You must wear your prettiest new dress to my musical evening tonight. I shall be obviously épris, quite bowled over by you. That will pave the way for the announcement of our engagement—next week, shall we say?” He smiled encouragingly.

“And what about Mr. Boggs?” queried Pommy, who was not amused. Of course the Earl was joking, but his suggestion was doing uncomfortable things to her emotions.

“I shall give particular instructions to all eight of the footmen to deny Boggs pére entrance.” He took her hand in one of his big warm ones and held it for a moment. “Now, home with you, child, before Aurora rises from her couch and begins to wonder what has become of you. I shall see you tonight.”

He ushered her to the door, insisted upon sending her home in his own carriage when he found she had come in a hired vehicle, and waited most courteously with her in the portico until his carriage could be brought around. During the wait he chatted pleasantly of many things, none of them subjects in which Miss Rand had the slightest interest. Just as he was handing her into his luxurious coach, she turned for a final objection.

“My Lord! This is insanity! Lady Masterson—your friends!”

“Hush, child,” he said maddeningly. “Trust me. You shall be Heroine yet!” And then, shocking her out of further speech, he bent and placed a firm, very sweet kiss upon her mutinous lips. Then he stepped back and bowed gallantly as the carriage drew away.

Pommy was crying by this time, and thus did not see her Aunt Henga, Cousin Ceci, and Cousin Lydia staring at her from across the road. They had been driving down the fashionable street in an unfashionable hired landaulet with the top down, ostensibly to get the air, but actually because they wanted to get a look at the Town house of the Earl of Austell. Ceci’s sharp eyes were the first to spot her cousin talking to the same modishly dressed gentleman with whom she had fled from Highcliff. Ceci at once called her mother’s attention to the sight. Mrs. Rand ordered their driver to halt. The three women watched the long and amicable discussion between the man and Pommy. Just as he was handing her into the elegant carriage which had pulled up beside them, the man bent and kissed Pommy. On the lips! In broad daylight! In the open street!

When the carriage had drawn away, and the Earl had gone back into his house, the three women drew a long breath.

“Well!” said Mrs. Rand. “I think I know what to make of that!”

“What, Mama?” asked Lydia.

Ceci, who prided herself on having already acquired some town bronze, said pertly, “Mama is distressed to think we have caught our cousin leaving a gentleman’s home where she had been—ah—visiting without a chaperone.”

“If that were all!” intoned Mrs. Rand in lugubrious tones.

“Did you see the dress he has bought her? It is smarter far than anything you have, Ceci,” taunted Lydia, who had had to watch her older sister being decked out in all the prettier of the new gowns their papa had reluctantly put up for.

“I have no doubt he has bought her a number of outfits which I should be sorry to see either of my daughters decked out in,” said Mama, primly. The girls were not impressed, for both of them had recognized the style and suitability of the garment Pommy was sporting.

“What are we to do about it?” prodded Ceci, jealously.

“I shall tell your father,” announced Mrs. Rand, very much on her high ropes. “Perhaps your uncle George and he will handle the matter. It is something which should not come in the way of gently bred females.”

With this Olympian pronouncement they had to be content.





Ten



By the time Pommy reached Portman Square, she had managed to control her emotions and dry her tears. She went at once to seek out Lady Masterson, and found her just rising from her chaise longue to dress for dinner, attended by the faithful Gordon. Pommy had not meant to burden her kind employer with the problem, but upon sober reflection she saw that the Lady Masterson would have to know of the threat which hung over the Musical Soirée and Her Ladyship’s brother-in-law. Knocking softly, then, she entered the bedroom, and after returning Milady’s pleasant greeting, said soberly, “I have something to tell Your Ladyship which I fear will not be comfortable hearing. Perhaps Gordon might bring you a glass of sherry?”

With a quick glance at her mistress, the dresser disappeared quietly upon her errand. Lady Masterson her eyes bright with concern, said, “Do take off your bonnet and gloves, child, and sit down here near me! Is it something to do with your family?”

“No, ma’am. It has to do with Lord Austell and the father of that beautiful girl who was here yesterday. You remember I told you of our helping her when her servants abandoned her on the road, and how courteously Lord Austell behaved to her, as though she were a member of his own family?” Pommy’s eyes were bright with indignation. “It now appears that Mr. Boggs has planned something so wicked you will not credit it!”

Being a great deal wiser in the ways of the world than her companion, Lady Masterson had already conceived a very good idea of what Mr. Boggs was threatening. She sighed with pleasure. Pure burlesque, and happening within her own house! Derek was right—the child was a catalyst. Her Ladyship had not had so much excitement in years. As for the child’s fears for Derek, Lady Masterson had no doubt he would be quite capable of handling a dozen vintners. Nevertheless she listened carefully as the girl poured out her story, noting the flush of partisan anger on the piquant little face, and the sparkle of wrath in the green eyes. When Pommy had finished, Lady Masterson pursed her lips.

“You say you have just informed Derek of this wretched creature’s intentions? That was wise of you, my dear. ‘Forewarned is forearmed,’ as I am sure one of your ancient Greeks or Romans must have said!”

Pommy decided she would never understand the Quality however long she mingled with them. Could they not see the nasty gossip which would ensue from such charges as Mr. Boggs was threatening? Did they not care? Lady Masterson took pity on her obvious distress.

“My dear child, I am confident that Derek offered you some sort of reassurance. What did he say?”

“He asked me to marry him,” reported Pommy gloomily.

This was indeed a facer, even for Her Ladyship. That committed melancholic uttered a sharp and rather unladylike bark of laughter, which made Pommy wonder if all the members of Austell’s family were incurably given to Levity.

Her Ladyship got her risibilities under control and said, with a convincing show of concern, “That is indeed one way of dealing with Mr. Boggs’s encroaching behavior.”

“Rather drastic, do you not think?” asked Pommy bitterly. “Like burning the barn to frighten away a stinkbug.”

“An interesting bucolic comparison,” replied Aurora, biting her lips to keep from breaking into peals of laughter.

But Pommy could not miss seeing the amusement sparkling in her employer’s eyes. “Do you think he was funning me?” she asked in some confusion.

“Oh, no!” gasped Her Ladyship, “from what I know of Derek, he would not—er—fun about such a serious matter. He is not, I am convinced, in the habit of going about London proposing to young ladies in jest.” She shook her head, still smiling broadly. “Too dangerous, you see,” she explained. “Some of them might take him up on it.”

Pommy stiffened. “I cannot quite see why Lord Austell and yourself view this matter as a jest, Lady Masterson,” she said. “I had thought the situation might be, at the least, extremely unpleasant for His Lordship, but if he is to make a joke of it—”

At once Lady Masterson sobered. “But child, how is it a jest for man to offer for you? Quite a compliment, one would think, from such a high stickler as Lord Austell!”

“But it was surely the merest badinage!” wailed Pommy.

“He told you that?”

“No, but surely—”

“Then he meant it. You are a very fortunate young woman, my dear Pommy. Derek has long been the despair of the matchmaking mamas.”

At this moment, Gordon reentered the bedroom, bearing a tray on which reposed a Waterford decanter and two exquisite glasses. Her mistress beamed satisfaction. “As ever, Gordon, you are awake upon all suits—Gareth would say,” she added hastily, encountering a minatory look from her dresser at this use of cant. “You must pour a glass for Miss Pommy, and offer her your congratulations upon her engagement to the Earl of Austell.”

Pommy waited, cringing, for the look of disapproval—or worse, scorn—which would follow Her Ladyship’s announcement. Instead, a pleased smile appeared upon the Dragon’s countenance, and she said, in a cordial voice, “I wish you happy, Miss Pommy, I’m sure!” As she offered the filled glasses, she continued, with a sly smile, “Of course it was plain to see which way the wind was blowing when His Lordship brought Miss Pommy to stay with Your Ladyship.”

Ignoring Pommy’s astounded look, the two older ladies smiled at one another. Then, since the girl merely shook her head in dazed rejection of the sherry, Lady Masterson told Gordon to drink it in a toast to Miss Melpomene Rand.





Eleven



In a much less fashionable section of London a council of war was in session at this moment. Mrs. Henga Rand had instructed her hired coachman to return to the rented house as quickly as possible, and once there, had emptied her budget to Squire Rand, ending with the angry demand to know what he intended to do about the scandalous goings-on of his niece—thank God, not a member of his wife’s family, who had been noted for their circumspect behavior throughout two counties.

“For it is your name she is besmirching all over Town, Charles,” she concluded sharply.

While wife and daughters hung avidly upon his answer, Squire Rand pursed his lips in and out as was his wont when mulling over an important decision. At length he nodded.

“You are sure it was the same man who came to pick her up at Highcliff Manor?”

Three female voices simultaneously assured him that it was.

“Makes it demmed awkward,” ruminated the squire.

“What?” shrieked his wife.

“Fellow’s an Earl, y’know. Usual rules don’t apply. Can you see me offering to horsewhip him? Call him out?” asked the squire dubiously.

“Pommy isn’t an Earl,” Ceci pointed out. It would be too much if the despised cousin were to receive the attentions of an Earl, however clandestinely, while she herself had to make do with no better than a Baronet—and he vastly toplofty and spoiled, and possessed of a discouraging mama besides.

“The case is that I ain’t in any hurry to break squares with a member of the Peerage,” said the squire petulantly. “Why can’t you act as if you’d never seen her? You didn’t make yourselves known, I collect?”

“Of course not!” snapped his wife. “I, to speak to that—that—!”

“Then I can’t for the life of me see why you’re so hot to have me seek her out. If I bring her here, you’ll be forced to speak to her, if only to point out the error of her ways,” said her disgruntled husband.

“That is different!” his wife informed him loftily, and the girls added their chorus of agreement. Their mother told them she would thank them not to presume that they would be on any terms of easy conversation with one who was no better than a Fallen Woman. She added that she would know how to deal with such a female as Pommy had shown herself to be. “It is the fault of all those books,” she said scornfully. “I have often warned you that no good would come of letting her waste time reading!”

But no measures, defensive or punitive, could be taken until the girl was back under their control. After an acrimonious discussion, it was finally agreed that the squire’s brother, Colonel George Rand of the Seventh Hussars, be given the task of calling upon Lord Austell and demanding the return of his niece.

“For it is certain,” claimed Mrs. Rand, “that the Earl will not have the brass to deny a member of the girl’s family! And your brother, as I have often said, is a stiff-rumped military man, toplofty enough to beard even a Duke in his den! I am sure he has never put himself out to be conciliating to me! In fact, if I recall correctly, he had always a soft spot for Melpomene. And now we see what has come of it!”

Squire Rand did not quite comprehend how his brother George’s rather tepid affection for the child Pommy could be blamed for the mull she had gotten herself into, but he forbore to correct his wife, since her proposal accorded very well with his own wishes in the matter. For one thing, he had absolutely no desire to come to points with an Earl, and was very willing to let his brother take the risks. Had he not been mentioned in dispatches by General Whitelock from South America? Let him prove his courage at home for a change! Even stronger, however, was his feeling that George had let him down badly by selling up his patrimony as soon as their father died, thus removing a large portion of land and revenue from the new squire’s estate. It was understandable that he wished to purchase his commission, but was it necessary to dispose of the whole of his inheritance to do so? The memory of certain harsh comments made by George upon his older brother’s inability to make a profit out of their ancestral acres still rankled. How could any man make a profit out of lands so depleted by their father’s poor management? The squire decided it was no more than just that George should have to do battle with the Earl, since he was, after all, the soldier in the family.

A footman was sent round to Colonel George Rand’s apartments, with an urgent request for an immediate parley. Then the squire sought out his wife and advised her that she had better make sure the dinner was better than passable, for it was well known to all of them that George was a sharp and outspoken critic of a poorly chosen or prepared meal.

In the event, Mrs. Rand and her cook were able to come up with a meal which, though it won no encomiums from the colonel, did not draw his fire, either. Further mellowing their guest with a decanter of the finest port in the cellar, the squire then related the story of Pommy’s disgrace, and challenged his brother to confront his niece’s seducer and bring her home.

Somewhat to the squire’s surprise, the colonel rose at once from the table and asked if his brother had gotten the Earl’s direction. It developed that he regarded the threat to the family name even more strongly than Mrs. Rand did, and was ready to charge to the attack that very evening. Upon hearing this, the squire hastily adjourned to the drawing room, where his wife did not fail him. She was able to supply the street and number of the elegant residence on whose doorstep her infamous niece had been observed consorting with the dissolute nobleman. Beyond telling her to guard her tongue in front of their daughters, her husband had little more to say to her, but returned to the hall where the colonel was already donning his hat and short cape.

“You might as well bring the chit back here when you get her,” he offered glumly enough.

The colonel gave him a searing look but did not enlarge upon that silent comment. He had come to his brother’s house in his own curricle, with a sergeant up beside him. Squire Rand, enviously watching the smart equipage tool off down the road, had no need to wonder where the money for the natty turnout had come from.

Colonel Rand’s sergeant knew his London, and was able to direct the officer to the Earl’s Town house within a very short range of time. It was as well for the colonel that he was so quick, for the Earl’s house was blazing with lights, and His Lordship’s servants had rolled a red carpet quite across the flagstones and into the street. The colonel was of two minds whether to burst in upon the Earl when he was expecting guests, but his feeling for his little niece was stronger than his brother had given him credit for. He squared his shoulders and marched smartly up the steps under the imposing portico to the front door, upon which he rapped sharply with the bronze knocker. He had no difficulty in intimidating the footman who opened it, and at once demanded to see the Earl.

“His Lordship is preparing to receive guests,” said the footman apologetically.

“He had better receive me first, if he knows what’s good for him,” stated the colonel, carrying the battle to the enemy in rousing style. “I am Colonel Rand.”

The footman admitted defeat and called upon the butler to take care of a matter far beyond his touch. Tupper was not long in taking Colonel Rand’s measure and evaluating his temper, and ushered him quickly into Milord’s book room, where he served him with a small glass of fine brandy to sweeten the wait. This the officer refused with every evidence of revulsion. It was not long, however, before the Earl, looking arrogant and dangerous, strolled into the library.

“You—ah—demanded to see me, sir?”

“If you are the Earl of Austell, I did,” said the colonel.

“Your name is Rand?”

“Colonel George Rand, Seventh Hussars,” said the officer, drawing himself up to his not inconsiderable height.

“You have come about Miss Melpomene, then.” The Earl took the wind from his sails, and then pursued his advantage by saying crisply, “My sister and I wondered when some member of Miss Rand’s family would demonstrate enough concern to inquire after her health and welfare.”

The colonel began to suspect that his stupid brother and the latter’s even more stupid wife had sent him on a wild-goose chase. Still, there was a good deal here that he did not understand, and the gallant colonel was not one to turn tail at the first rebuff. He replied stiffly, “I was not informed until this evening that my niece had left her home under your—ah—protection, nor that she was—ah—a member of your household, Milord.”

“She is not.” The Earl sensibly ignored the first charge, where he was vulnerable, and arrogantly denied the second, where he was on firm ground.

“Where is she, then?”

“She is residing in Portman Square with Lady Masterson, my brother’s widow.”

This piece of intelligence knocked the colonel back on his heels, but he rattled in again quickly. “And what is my niece doing in such an elegant establishment? Are you telling me she is a maidservant there? Do not seek to gull me, sir! It will not wash! I was informed that she was seen—ah—loitering on your doorstep today, wearing a most expensive and fashionable costume and behaving—ah—indiscreetly!”

“I wonder who can be your intelligencer, Colonel?” The Earl’s contempt was plain. “Miss Rand, who has been most callously treated by those whose duty it should have been to protect and nurture a defenseless orphan in their care, was thrown out of your brother’s house. Fortunately, my sister-in-law was in need of a cheerful, well-educated and well-bred companion, and offered Miss Rand the position. Since the child preferred that offer to wandering around in a storm, she accepted.”

Damn Charles and that archwife of his! thought the soldier. Although his cheeks were suffused with deep color, and his voice grew louder as he began to fear his position was untenable, he stuck to his guns, and demanded, “How is it, Milord, that you are so well informed of all the details of Pommy’s plight?”

The Earl considered his purpling face with sardonic understanding. “I was at Highcliff Manor when she was thrown out,” he said quietly.

“Then you brought her up to London with you in your carriage?” snapped the colonel suspiciously, but his heart was not in it.

“After securing for Miss Rand a female companion to act as chaperone,” Lord Austell said, carrying the matter off with a high hand.

Colonel Rand knew when the battle was lost. He retreated gallantly, firing one defiant parting shot. “I shall naturally have to assure myself that my niece is safe and well. Where is she?”

“Naturally,” agreed the Earl, magnanimous in victory. “She is at Number Three Portman Square. If you drive there at once, you may see her before she goes out for the evening. She is to accompany Lady Masterson to a Musical Soirée.”

The colonel drew himself up and made his adieux like a gentleman and a soldier. The Earl saw him to the door with a rather malicious courtesy. Returning to his curricle, Rand gave his invaluable sergeant Lady Masterson’s address and sank back on the seat, seething with embarrassment and anger. He spent the time it took to reach Portman Square in thoroughly damning his brother for a totty-headed knock-in-the-cradle who deserved the shrew he’d married.

When he got down in front of Her Ladyship’s mansion, he was secretly impressed by the quality of his niece’s new associates. Companion she might well be—for he remembered her as a bright, open, charming little miss, well suited to be an attendant upon a lady—but she was dwelling in a finer house than any his family had ever had, and if her clothing was as handsome as Charles had described, she was being paid a much larger salary than most companions ever hoped to earn. Becoming suspicious again, he demanded entrance to Her Ladyship’s residence with a stout assault upon the knocker. By God! he’d see the child and make sure there was nothing havey-cavey going on!

Thus Mikkle, answering the thunderous pounding upon the front door, was confronted by an angry officer in full regimentals who demanded to see his niece, Miss Pommy Rand, without argument or delay.

Mikkle had far less courage than Tupper, and ushered the intimidating soldier directly in to the dining room where Her Ladyship, Pommy and Gareth were just finishing their meal. Gareth rose to confront the invader, but the soldier was suddenly frozen in the doorway, his staring eyes fastened upon the face of the Lady Masterson, exquisitely beautiful in the light of a hundred candles.

He saw a lovely woman whose fabulous silver-gray eyes gleamed between long dark lashes, whose silver gilt hair framed the delicacy of a mature, beautiful face of such mournful sweetness that it quite won his heart. Gradually his face whitened beneath its tan. Colonel George Rand of the Seventh Hussars had surrendered, horse, foot, and sabres, to the one foe he had never expected to confront: Eros.

Lady Masterson herself was not unmoved. The tempestuous entrance of this man, incredibly dashing in his regimentals, was having a strange effect upon her breathing. She wondered if the evening had not become suddenly warmer. She looked again. He was not as handsome as the Earl, and certainly not a Nonesuch like Gareth. In fact, severe critics might call him stone faced. His hard brown eyes looked steadily out from a weather-beaten face, topped by sandy brown hair, brushed with white at the temples. His mouth was firmly set above an aggressively outthrust jaw. Aurora, experiencing an unaccustomed weakness, chided herself for behaving like a green girl at sight of a handsome uniform.

Gareth was addressing the stranger. “What can I do for you, sir? Perhaps we should leave the ladies to finish their dinner while you state your business to me—in the hall.”

“My apologies,” said the soldier, his bemused gaze still fixed upon Lady Masterson. “I am Colonel Rand, Seventh Hussars, and I am seeking news of my niece, Melpomene Rand—”

“Uncle George?” came a girl’s voice, hesitant, unbelieving.

The soldier tore his gaze from the vision of loveliness and searched the room. A young woman, modishly dressed, had risen and was coming around the table toward him.

“You are—Pommy?” he asked, and then, meeting the direct glance of huge green eyes, his face broke into a smile which Aurora privately thought transformed his harsh visage. He opened his arms and welcomed his niece into them.

With a little gasp, Pommy ran into his embrace. He was the only member of the Rand family, outside of her father, who had ever made an affectionate gesture toward her. And she had seen him so seldom that she had been hard put to recognize him at first. After a moment, uncle and niece drew apart and looked at one another appraisingly.

“I should not have known you but for those pretty eyes,” said the colonel. “You were nine, I believe, the last time I saw you.” He smiled at her fondly. “You have grown into a fine young woman.”

Noting how Pommy flowered under her uncle’s praise, Lady Masterson mentally applauded his speech. For all he was such an impressive, even formidable figure, the soldier had warmth and compassion. Her Ladyship rose and came to stand beside the suddenly shy pair.

“Let us go to the drawing room,” she suggested gently. “Gareth, instruct Mikkle to serve coffee there. And liqueurs for you gentlemen,” She looked up, smiling, at the colonel, who at once offered her his arm. When she had placed her fingers lightly upon it, she directed him out into the hall and then to the drawing room, while Gareth and Pommy, whispering, brought up the rear. But alas, the harmony which seemed to be developing among the four was soon shattered. It all began with an innocuous question from Pommy to her uncle.

“How did you know where to find me, Uncle George?”

Colonel Rand frowned. “Your Aunt Henga had seen you talking to a man on the street outside his home, and took the number. The family were anxious that I—make sure of your—ah—safety. . . .”

There was an awkward silence. Gareth looked at his mother, who was frowning at the colonel. Only Pommy voiced the general unease.

“Aunt Henga! I might have guessed! So she said something horrid enough to send you here with that thunderous face—”

“But this is Mama’s home, not the Earl’s—” began Gareth.

Colonel Rand explained a trifle woodenly, squaring his shoulders and facing Lady Masterson. How does a man tell a beautiful woman that he had suspected her brother of being a libertine? “I called upon the Earl. He gave me this address.”

All might yet have been saved if Gareth’s evil genius had not prompted him to try for a joke to relieve the tension even he could feel. “How did my high-in-the-instep uncle enjoy being taken for a rake?”

There was an icy silence. Lady Masterson’s glance, suddenly frigid, swept in challenge to the colonel’s face. Pommy gasped, blushed, and then became pale as she took in her employer’s rage.

“Ma’am,” the officer, forehead bedewed, strove to mend his fences, “My Lady, His Lordship was generous enough to set me right—that is, he explained the situation. . . .”

“Indeed?” said Lady Masterson. “May I know what situation needed to be explained? I had thought my brother’s name—and my own, since I am Miss Rand’s employer—would have been sufficient warranty for any but the most ignorant and ill disposed—”

Setting his jaw, the colonel faced her with courage. “My Lady, I had my brother’s word that Melpomene was—had placed herself in an equivocal situation.”

“Ah! Your brother,” repeated Her Ladyship with a smile like vitriol. “He is the one who allowed his niece to be thrown out into the storm, is he not? And his intelligencer, was, no doubt, his wife?”

“I believe so,” gritted the colonel.

“You military men should always be sure your—ah—spies are completely reliable, should you not?”

Pommy could not believe that this tigress, fighting tooth and claw to avenge the slight on her brother-in-law, was the charming, lachrymose, and elegant lady who had so graciously befriended her.

Colonel Rand had had enough. Too much. Immediately after meeting the most glorious female he had ever encountered, he had been placed in a position which invited her utmost scorn. And none of it his own fault! he thought bitterly. If it were not for Pommy, so pale and unhappy at the dressing-down he was getting, he would have stalked from the accursed mansion and never thought again of his mistress! But for Pommy’s sake—

“I—deeply regret that, in my ignorance, I have offended Your Ladyship,” he said stiffly. “I assure you there was no intent to do more than protect a young woman of my family. I beg leave to be excused.” With a formal bow to Lady Masterson, he turned to Pommy. “My dear child, it is good to see you well and happy. If you should ever care to be in touch with me, I may be reached at the Seventh Hussars. I shall reassure Charles as to your welfare, child. Good night and God bless you.” With a slight bow, the colonel made an honorable retreat.

“Tactless of me,” said Gareth remorsefully. “I was only trying to be funny. He seemed such a decent chap—”

“Oh, get ready to take us to the soirée,” said his mother, so crossly that Gareth and Pommy exchanged anxious glances as they hastened to obey.





Twelve



The guests were already arriving for the Musical Soirée when Lady Masterson’s fashionable carriage deposited Her Ladyship, Pommy, and Gareth at the Earl’s door. Pommy was most impressed by the elegance of Milord’s mansion when it was lighted for a gala evening. She and Gareth followed a still tight-lipped Lady Masterson into the great central hallway. Tupper swept toward them majestically past a double row of footmen—eight of them, Pommy counted—in their velvet coats and powdered wigs. He led them to the ballroom whence, over the babble of conversation, could be heard the distinctly unmelodious squawks, screeches, and twanging of an orchestra in process of tuning up. Gareth peaked his eyebrows in a glance of pure horror at Pommy, who found herself compelled to smother chuckle. Then they were entering the great ballroom.

The Earl, magnificent in dark crimson and gold, came forward to kiss Lady Masterson’s hand and greet Pommy and Gareth with a smile which Pommy privately thought irresistible. He took her hand, but did not kiss it. Then, offering his arm to his sister-in-law, he led her party to seats near the front of the huge room. Pommy followed Lady Masterson and found herself on the aisle, with Gareth directly behind her in the next row. To their left, French doors opened onto a formal garden, where fairy lights gleamed among the leaves of several trees. Thankful for the promise of cool, fresh air, Pommy looked around her.

Upon a slightly raised dais, banked by greenery and baskets of flowers, the members of the orchestra fluttered and rustled like a flock of blackbirds settling into an enormous nest. Within a few moments, as though they had been waiting for Lady Masterson’s arrival, the orchestra began its first number. For all their discordant preliminaries, their music swelled, sweetly sonorous, into the room.

“Bach,” whispered Lady Masterson. “Do you know it?”

“No. But I like it,” Pommy whispered back, hoping her employer would not wish to converse throughout the program. She was aware of other whispered conversations going on all around her, and began to feel a little annoyance on behalf of the musicians who were working with such concentration to present the composition. Before she realized what was happening, Pommy had lost herself in the elegant, convoluted labyrinth of the music.

She was recalled, almost with a sense of shock, by the light pressure of her employer’s hand upon her arm. Turning bemused eyes, she saw a sympathetic smile upon Lady Masterson’s face.

“You enjoyed that, did you not?” Her Ladyship’s voice was barely audible above the sudden chattering which signaled the conclusion of the composition. “Now we shall have refreshments.”

Pommy sighed as they rose from their chairs. “It was like wandering through a garden maze! On every side, green leaves, and beneath one’s feet a firm footing, leading one to the heart of the labyrinth . . . where a bird sang . . . promising fulfillment, if only I would persevere. I felt myself on the brink of discovering the secret center of the maze, but always paths led me away from my heart’s desire—”

“Pommy!” the Earl’s voice sounded at her shoulder with an urgent note she had not heard in it before. She turned quickly.

Lady Masterson intervened with a light laugh. “Yes, Derek, the child is a poet, but I must speak to you privately at once. There has been a new and quite unpleasant development.”

The Earl’s voice changed as he turned to speak to his nephew. “Gareth, I leave Miss Rand to your care. See that she has some ratafia and biscuits. The concert will resume in half an hour.”

Then he was ushering his sister-in-law from the ballroom, his hand possessively under her elbow, or so it seemed to Pommy. The silver-gilt hair brushed against the Earl’s shoulder as they moved away. Pommy followed their progress as long as she could distinguish the Earl’s dark head above the crowd. Then she turned and was embarrassed to see that Gareth was watching her with sympathetic eyes.

“Sure you want the ratafia?” he asked. “It’s pretty sickly stuff, but you females seem to enjoy it.”

“Yes, thank you,” answered Pommy, more to get rid of his pitying glance than from any thirst for the disparaged offering. “What is it?”

Gareth grinned. “It’s a liqueur flavored with almonds and peach pits and the like—very sweet.”

“I’d like to try it.”

“Right. We’ll find you a place to sit and I’ll bring it to you. Can’t let you do battle with that mob!” and he indicated the fashionable throng crowding to get through the doors to the dining room, where tables of refreshments were set up.

“I’d like very much to go out under the trees,” said Pommy wistfully. She was finding her first introduction to the Beau Monde overpowering. “It seems so pleasant out there—and so quiet!”

Gareth glancing distastefully at the crowd of guests, nodded agreement. “Find yourself a comfortable spot. I’ll be out as soon as possible.”

Thankfully Pommy escaped into the peace of the gardens. She was too restless to wish to be seated, partly, she admitted to herself, because of the sight of that shining dark head bent so closely above the silver-gilt one in an attitude of attentive protection. If only someone would show that much concern for herself! Pommy had seldom felt so lonely, so much the Blighted Heroine, even in the days when Aunt Henga had been at her most unpleasant. She strolled miserably through the Earl’s charming plantings on a path of clean white gravel, neatly raked. Once, from a vine-covered arbor, she heard soft laughter and a man’s coaxing voice. It was apparent that some at least of the Earl’s guests were making harmony of their own. With a sharp pang of envy, Pommy walked away quickly, so quickly that she bumped into a solid figure at the bend of the path.

Instantly a pair of arms shot out to keep her from falling, and she was pulled close to a manly chest.

“Oh! . . . thank you!” breathed Pommy.

“What a delightful encounter,” said a youthful, mocking voice. “Are you running away from, or toward, someone?”

Pommy peered up in the dim light to observe a good-looking face wearing a saturnine grin. The elaborately casual styling of his blond hair would have told her that he was adopting the mode of the Corinthian, had she had enough nous to recognize it. What she did recognize was a young, dissolute-looking face, weary gray eyes, and a smile which struck her as more desperate than dashing.

“I was attempting to avoid playing gooseberry to a pair of sweethearts,” she explained soberly. “You may release me now. I am quite steady on my feet, thanks to your help.”

The dashing stranger gave her a searching look. “I do not know you, do I? Surely such a gorgeous creature could not have entered the scene without my being aware of it? You are new to the Ton—”

“It is not worth your while to play off your gallant compliments upon me, sir, for I am merely Lady Masterson’s paid companion,” said Pommy prosaically.

After a startled instant, the young man laughed rather harshly. “Then Lady M. must pay you a good deal more than most such wretched females usually receive for you seem a pattern card of elegant simplicity.”

“How can you tell?” asked Pommy. “It is almost too dark out here to see one’s nose before one’s face.”

The young gallant was betrayed into a chuckle, but he persisted in his role. “A man can always see a lovely lady,” he instructed her loftily. He continued to hold her, now quite brazenly assessing her face and figure. “Item one: a handsome gown, very ingénue but obviously very expensive, of some pastel color—hard to determine in this shadowy retreat. Item two: a cloud of night-black hair, most fetchingly arranged by Her Ladyship’s dresser—the style is too perfect for your amateur hands to achieve. Item three—”

“Item three,” warned Pommy sternly, “I shall tip you a wisty castor if you do not unhand me this instant!”

This time his laughter was a boy’s full and free, as Pommy’s captor released her and stepped back a pace. “Item three: a pair of magnificently stormy eyes, which could do a man more harm than any blow from your soft little fists! And item four: a vocabulary which I’ll wager you have not displayed to Lady M.!”

“My uncle’s coachman was always threatening the groom in that phrase,” explained Pommy. “What is a wisty castor? It sounds dire!”

The blond gentleman was chuckling. “The term is boxing cant. I do not believe your employer would thank me for encouraging you in its use,” he said. “By the way, my name is Alan Corcran. May I know yours?”

Pommy’s eyes widened. “You are Mr. Alan Corcran? But I have met your fiancée, Miss Isabelle Boggs—”

All traces of humor left Corcran’s face. “You know Miss Boggs?” he asked

“Yes. We rescued her when her coach broke down on the way to London.” Pommy regarded him doubtfully. Had Destiny led her to walk in this shadowed garden, to meet Alan Corcran? It must have been a kindly Fate which had brought her to him, for he was the one person who could immediately and definitely thwart Mr. Boggs’s blackmailing scheme. “I am glad now that I ran into you,” she said quickly. “I must inform you that your father-in-law-to-be has conceived a most dastardly plan against Lord Austell. He is going to claim that His Lordship has compromised Isabelle’s reputation—and that he must marry her!”

Instead of the outrage or at least alarm she had expected to see upon the face of Isabelle’s intended, Pommy was shocked to observe a wide grin. “Is he, now?” breathed Alan. “A wily old trickster, our Thomas! First me and then the Earl. Well, better Masterson than me!”

Pommy glared at her new acquaintance. “How can you be so—so rag mannered! Lord Austell has interests in—another quarter, and he must not be trapped by this odious father of Isabelle!”

“Oh-ho! So that’s the way the wind blows, is it?” sneered Corcran. “The little companion raising her eyes above her station?”

The words were scarcely past his sneering lips when Pommy’s hand connected sharply with his cheek. “I thought Mr. Boggs was odious! I see now that you and he are evenly matched!”

Corcran’s hand had gone to his slapped cheek, but rather than seeking reprisal, he was staring intently at the small, angry countenance before him. “You are not on the catch for the Earl?”

“Of course I am not, you silly creature! I have told and told you that I am Her Ladyship’s companion! I am very well aware indeed of my inferior position in the social order—Ceci and Aunt Henga have seen to that most effectively!” She ended in a low, anguished tone.

“And who are Ceci and Aunt Henga? No, don’t enlighten me!” he added hastily. “From the sound of your voice when you mention them, they must be the most overbearing and hidebound of females. Have they been impressing you with your lack of worth?”

Pommy caught her breath at the acute intuitiveness of the young Blade’s comment. “It is only natural that my aunt should not be too happy at being encumbered with the care of a destitute niece, when she has two daughters of her own to launch into Society,” she answered slowly. “Aunt Henga was kind enough to give me a home when my grandfather died, so I am showing myself less than grateful to be talking about her in such a fashion.”

“It is sometimes hard to show proper gratitude,” admitted Alan ruefully. “As a younger son—and a pretty unsatisfactory one at that!—I know exactly how it is to be forced to be forever offering thanks for things one would rather not have had in the first place.”

Pommy, listening to the strong emotion in Alan’s voice, was beginning to believe that her first, superficial judgment could easily have been at fault. To be a disregarded younger son could not be comfortable, as she had gathered from the Highcliff servants’ references to her own father. Was Corcran exiled from estates he loved with all his heart, compelled to play the butterfly in the Ton when every feeling rebelled—to laugh when his heart was breaking? Had he perhaps even been forced to offer marriage with an heiress he could neither love nor respect? Her vivid imagination was off and running. Her great eyes dark with compassion, she placed one small hand on his arm.

“I am sorry to hear of your unhappiness, but consider, Mr. Corcran! Whether you wish to marry Isabelle or not, it is surely not your desire to see another man blackmailed into doing so?”

The Blighted Hero looked at her with lifted eyebrows. “Why should I care for Austell’s dilemma? If he has compromised the girl, it is his duty to right the matter.”

“But he hasn’t! Compromised her, I mean. I was there all the time. He could not have been more—more—”

“Avuncular?” suggested the graceless Corcran with a grin. “So he has compromised the two of you, has he? A regular rakehell! I know which of you I’d offer for, if I were threatened with a parson’s mousetrap.”

“Well, you can be quite at your ease, for Isabelle doesn’t wish to marry you, and I certainly don’t!” huffed Pommy.

“Is that a challenge, Miss . . .? What is your name, anyway? I’ve given you mine most properly, but you have been reticent. Is it Cinderella, by chance?”

“It is Melpomene Rand,” she said repressively, for this young man seemed very bold to one who had lived in the quiet backwater of a small Cornish village. Besides, for some reason unknown to her, she resented quite bitterly the phrase “regular rakehell” which the youth had applied to the Earl. For the first time she fully understood Lady Masterson’s anger at poor Uncle George, when he had implied his own fears that his niece had fallen into the hands of an unprincipled man. And then, staring up challengingly into Alan’s face, she caught a glimpse again of the rather unhappy, disappointed youth under the mask of the sophisticate. In a softer voice she continued. “It is not an unmixed joy, living in London, is it? There seems to be an almost frantic search for amusement, or advancement, and a brittle kind of relationships, which do not seem to me to be at all comfortable!”

“You foolish child—” began Alan, when both of them heard a male voice calling softly, “Pommy? Where the deuce have you got to?”

Along the path came Gareth, balancing a full glass in each hand. “Oh, there you are! You’ll have to toss this down quickly, you know. The concert is about to resume—worse luck!”

He had reached them by this time, and his glance slid quickly over the stocky male figure so close to Pommy’s. “Do I know you? Oh, it’s you, Corcran.” This last in no very welcoming way.

“Yes, it is I, conspiring with Miss Rand as to how we may save her employer’s brother from being victimized by the rascal who dragooned me into offering for his daughter.”

“Dragoon? You are referring to Pommy’s uncle?” stammered Gareth, never very quick in the uptake.

Pommy smothered a reprehensible desire to laugh. At this moment, Gareth reminded her no little of Isabelle—the beautiful, anxious face, the struggle to comprehend the shift and thrust of quicker minds, the deadly absence of relieving humor. “This gentleman was—maneuvered into offering for Miss Isabelle, and neither of them really wish for the match—”

“Corcran!” growled Gareth. “You have dared to bandy about the name of that peerless lady—!”

“Do be easy, Gareth,” advised Pommy wearily. “I am sure you would not wish Isabelle to marry where there was no love on either side, would you?”

“No,” agreed Gareth devoutly.

“And Isabelle is my friend. It is quite permissible for Alan to discuss with me the means of saving her from the nasty machinations of her rogue of a father, is it not?”

“Yes,” said Gareth, smiling for the first time since he had encountered Corcran.

“It is now become quite urgent that steps be taken, Gareth, for you yourself were present when Isabelle came to inform me that her wretched parent was trying to blackmail the Earl into offering for her, which she does not at all desire.”

“She does not?” queried Gareth with great interest.

“She does not,” repeated Pommy firmly. “Neither, I must tell you, Alan, does she desire to be wedded to you—for reasons which you understand very well.”

Corcran seemed torn between a conventional expression of disappointment and a gasp of heartfelt relief. He contented himself with the remark that of course any man would be desolate at losing the opportunity of a closer relationship with such an admirable lady; both gentlemen seemed to feel that he had expressed himself with correctness and sensibility; they began to adopt a much more friendly attitude toward one another. For this last, Pommy was thankful. It had appeared to her for a few charged moments that she might have to separate a pair of fighting cocks. However, the trio had hardly had time to agree to put their heads together to discover a means of outwitting Mr. Boggs when a very cold voice challenged them.

They turned like three guilty children to perceive the Earl himself standing not four feet from them and regarding them with what, even in the dim light, could be seen to be a very disapproving face.

“Is there some explanation for this—nocturnal tête-à-tête?” queried the Earl of Austell, frigidly. “No, do not try to think of one,” he continued, with what Pommy felt was singular injustice. “You will please escort Miss Rand back to the ballroom, Gareth, where the musicians are waiting to begin.”

Feeling like a naughty child receiving punishment, Pommy made her way along the path a few steps ahead of Gareth. She found herself becoming more and more angry at the Earl with every step she took toward the ballroom, and when finally Gareth ushered her through the French doors and to her seat beside Lady Masterson, her color was very high indeed and her eyes were glowing green fire. It did not help at all that Lady Masterson, instead of being angry or disapproving, sent her a very shrewd look, followed by a small, knowing smile which quite infuriated Pommy.

Somehow the second half of the concert left her cold. It was impossible to forget the importance of the conference Lord Austell had interrupted. Even more difficult to dismiss from her mind was the unaccustomed coldness of his voice and manner. By the end of the performance, Pommy had convinced herself that Lord Austell, like all her relatives, was pleasant or unpleasant as the whim took him, and had no real knowledge of or regard for the feelings of one who was of lowly station and unimpressive appearance. This conviction naturally encouraged the headache which had been threatening since she left the garden, and Pommy was more than ready to agree with her employer when Lady Masterson announced that she wished to leave without partaking of further refreshments.

Her “Oh, yes, please, let us!” was in fact so woebegone that Lady Masterson glanced at her with concern, and hastened their departure. Pommy did not open her mouth during the drive home, except to murmur agreement to her employer’s casual remarks about the music. Gareth said nothing at all. It was a silent trio who took their separate ways to their bedrooms in Portman Square.





Thirteen



The following day, the massive knocker on the door of Number Three Portman Square thundered so often that Mikkle began to hope the Great Days were returning, when all the Ton beat a path to the doorstep of the popular Lady Masterson. First to call was the Earl, who demanded to see Miss Pommy. On being asked respectfully to wait in the drawing room, he informed Mikkle that he did not intend to wait for long, so Mikkle had better send a maid up to Miss Rand’s room at once. This importunate demand was accompanied by the sour comment that most persons would already have broken their fast by this hour, which comment Mikkle ignored, convinced that His Lordship was the Victim of Love and thus could not be judged as a rational man.

As it happened, Pommy had indeed already eaten, and was sitting in her room crying and mending a rent in the new dress she had worn the previous night. On receipt of the Earl’s summary command, she wiped her eyes, blew her little nose, and hurried down to the drawing room to confront Lord Austell.

After entering the room almost at a run, she halted to stare nervously up at the man who was standing with his back to the hearth, frowning at her.

“You wished to see me, Milord?” she managed to say.

That was the trouble. Derek Masterson had wanted to see Pommy Rand with an urgency which alarmed him. Although he had been a bachelor for enough years to have come to accept it as the most desirable of states, he had been constantly subjected to attack, both open and subtle, from the most beautiful debutantes in the Beau Monde, and their determined mamas. He had also been the recipient of lures cast out by a number of highborn ladies who had something other than matrimony on their minds. Through these traps and snares he had woven a wily path of self-preservation for so many Seasons that he had come to accept it as a fact of life that he should never wish to marry. When he had found himself making the incredible suggestion to Pommy that she marry him to save him from Boggs’s machinations, the Earl was more startled than the girl who listened to the outrageous proposal. He knew he should have felt an overwhelming relief when the chit refused to take him seriously. Instead of which he found himself resentful at the complete lack of worldly wisdom she displayed in rejecting the best offer she was ever likely to receive. Of course he had been teasing her, he told himself; yet it was distinctly unflattering to get so prompt and total a repulse.

She has probably been attracted by Gareth’s handsome face, he told himself gloomily, and his youth and charm, into imagining she has a tendre for him. But this, as he analyzed it further, would not do, for he knew his Pommy’s quick wits and bright mind, and could not believe that the well-meaning but knuckle-headed Gareth would win her true love.

Still, he chided himself, is not many a bright, even brilliant man ensorcelled by some empty-headed little wanton? He had seen it often enough among his own friends! Why then might not an intelligent young woman lose her heart to a slow top? At this point he recollected Alan Corcran. Even yet he had not admitted to himself that his fury at discovering Pommy with not one but two cavaliers in his own Romantic gardens the previous night had been anything other than a sense of angry disgust that the little Heroine had so easily accepted the first overtures which came her way. And her cavaliers! The most notorious of the younger Bucks and his own nephew, beautiful but stupid. If he had realized, he told himself with searing contempt, that all the little chit wanted was a pair of male arms and lips, he himself could have—

With a feeling approaching horror, the Earl caught himself up from such dangerous imaginings. So the anger which he now proceeded to vent upon the trembling girl was, had she known it, chiefly directed against himself. When she had asked him if he wished to see her, his reply was unnecessarily violent.

“Not very much, after last night, Miss Rand! But since I am responsible for bringing you to London, and establishing you in this house, I must accept the further responsibility of seeing that you do not bring disgrace upon my family.”

This shock of that attack quite drove the color from Pommy’s face, revealing the dark shadows under her green eyes. For the Earl was not the only one who had had a restless night. Pommy had lain awake into the small hours, trying to understand what had made Lord Austell so angry with her in the garden, and crying over lost hopes she dared not admit she had cherished.

After a minute of silence, the Earl said gruffly, “I had not meant to criticize you so sharply, child, but you must be more circumspect in your—Romantic encounters if you wish to escape the censure of the Quizzies.”

Pommy held her head high. “What you observed in the garden was not a Romantic encounter, Milord. I was hot and wished to enjoy the peace and beauty of the place while Gareth—at your instructions, Your Lordship—fetched me a glass of ratafia. I was removing myself from the neighborhood of an arbor in which a couple were exchanging—ah—civilities, when I literally ran into Mr. Corcran.” Recalling their own first meeting at the Climbing Man, she admitted honestly, “I seem to make a habit of running impulsively into someone’s arms by mistake.”

“It is not usually considered necessary to stay there, however,” said the Earl grimly. She had actually been in Corcran’s arms, eh? It was worse than he had thought.

“I did not stay there,” retorted Pommy with pathetic dignity. “I discovered very soon who he was, and informed him that his fiancée’s father was about to try to compromise you.”

“Since we know from Isabelle that he had little stomach for the marriage, I’ll wager he was delighted to hear that,” said the Earl angrily. “What other details of my private affairs have you scattered about London?”

Pommy set her jaw against the remorse and shame which swept over her at this scathing denunciation. “Gareth, Alan, and I were trying to find some way to circumvent Mr. Boggs’s dastardly scheme when you—found us,” she concluded miserably.

Although there was a measure of relief in the Earl’s mind at these innocent disclosures, he found it impossible to adopt the softer tone he had begun to wish to use. The sensations he had experienced since coming upon the three in the garden last night had shaken him quite out of his bachelor complacency, and he had not yet been able to regain the facade of easy yet imperturbable detachment which was the face he was accustomed to present to his world. So now he said, rather too brusquely, “It does not do to get a reputation for disappearing into the shrubbery with your cavaliers, Pommy. If you were otherwise circumstanced, of course—” The Earl meant to refer to the fact that this darling girl was an orphan, and lacking the support and protection of a loving family. Pommy, however, who had been too shocked and hurt by Lord Austell’s earlier denunciations to look for a kindly meaning in his words, immediately supposed that he was referring to her position in his sister-in-law’s household.

Drawing herself up with all the dignity her trembling body would support, she said in a cold little voice, “You need not fear that I shall offend or disgrace Lady Masterson, sir! I understand what my position as her companion entails, and I shall not accompany her again to a social engagement. Indeed I would not have gone to your home last evening, except that she insisted you had included me in your invitation. I know my place, sir, and shall not step beyond it in future.”

Her little face was so white that the heavy shadows under her eyes were dark stains, and her soft mouth trembled. “May I be dismissed, Milord? I have work to do.”

Derek cursed himself for a clumsy, heavy-handed fool. What had possessed him, normally an urbane and self-controlled man, to blast the child with such harshness? Before he could reply to her last speech, which revealed that she had quite mistaken his meaning, Mikkle opened the door and announced, “Mr. Alan Corcran, Milord. To see Miss Rand.”

Pommy had thought her situation could not be worsened. She now perceived she had been mistaken. The Earl’s face, which had seemed to soften after her last speech, now assumed a look of such fury that she quaked before it.

“You have given this fellow permission to call upon you here?”

“Indeed, Milord, I have not,” cried poor Pommy.

The Earl, ignoring her, said coldly to the young sprig who, arrested by his icy glare, hesitated in the doorway, “Miss Rand was just about to attend upon Lady Masterson. You may state your business to me, sir.”

“The devil I will,” snapped Alan, who had had all he could stomach of stiff-rumped aristocrats. “You are neither the lady’s husband nor her employer!”

The noblemen glared at one another like two large dogs in dispute over territory. Pommy, horrified at this new contretemps, said in a choked voice, “Oh, please—! Alan, thank you for your courtesy in answering my summons. I shall be in touch with you later. I must go to Lady Masterson now.”

“You will be good enough to inform her that I am waiting to see her,” instructed the Earl arrogantly.

Pommy scuttled out of the room. If she had hoped to prevent a confrontation by her lie about summoning Alan, she was far off, for the gentlemen, instead of bidding one another a civil good day, stood glaring as the door closed softly behind the girl.

“So she did send for you,” began Lord Austell nastily. “She told me at first she had not.”

“Well, she hadn’t,” retorted Alan angrily. “You’ve got the poor girl so frightened she doesn’t know what she’s saying.”

“Since you are taking such an interest in the ‘poor girl,’ I must ask if your intentions are honorable—this time,” sneered the Earl.

“As a matter of fact, they are,” snapped Alan, rather to his own surprise.

Looking as though he had just been tipped the settler Pommy had promised Alan, the Earl rattled back gamely, “I understood you were engaged to Miss Boggs?” he said acidly. “Or do you intend setting up a harem?”

“That will hardly be necessary,” a reluctant grin was spreading over Alan’s rakish countenance, “since I am given to understand that Mr. Boggs has decided that an Earl is better value for his pounds and pence than a mere second son of a Baron.”

“He’ll catch cold at that,” said the Earl grimly.

Alan regarded the big nobleman with a grin. “I told Gareth and Pommy the old conycatcher would never gull you, but they insisted you were hooked.”

“I am,” confessed the Earl wryly, “but not by Mr. Boggs’s beautiful daughter.”

Alan looked as though he would like to inquire further into the matter of His Lordship’s Fair Fatality, but after a shrewd glance at the Earl’s frowning countenance, he forbore. Instead he ventured, “Since I am able to assure you, sir, that my intentions are honorable, may I have your permission to call upon Miss Rand?”

The Earl, who had just moments before Seen The Light, was not surprised at his instant hostility to this callow and presumptuous proposal. “Since I am neither the young lady’s husband nor her employer—as you have been so quick to remind me!—I cannot dictate what she will do or whom she will receive during the hours when she is not in attendance upon Her Ladyship.” He moved toward the door. “Mikkle will show you out. I must talk to Lady Masterson.”

Mr. Corcran took his leave promptly, not wishing to push his luck too far. An hour later a letter was delivered to Miss Rand in her room, to which she had been gently dismissed when Lord Austell was admitted to Lady Masterson’s sitting room. Scanning it with considerable difficulty—for Alan wrote a wretched scrawl—Pommy was startled to read the following:





Dear Pommy: Your employer’s brotherinlaw has given me Permission to court you. As for Boggs’ scheme to trap his l-ship, Austell tells me it has no chance for success, since he has already lost his Heart to another!! With his mony and position, A. could have had any girl he chose this last ten yrs. so I must suppose his Heart is given to One who cannot or will not accept it. He was in such a frett to speke to Lady M that he as good as pushed me out of the house. Could Lady M be the Object of his affections??

I shall hope to see you as soon as you are given a free hour. Send to me when you can—only better not tonight, as I am already engaged for cards with friends.

Forever yrs to command,

Corcran.





Pommy deciphered this missive with mixed feelings. It was balm for her sore heart to know that Alan counted himself “forever hers to command”—with the exception of this evening, of course. It was enraging to be told that the Earl had given Alan permission to press his suit. What had Lord Austell to say about Pommy’s marriage plans? Stirring up righteous indignation at the Earl’s assumption of authority helped a little to ease the pain of knowing he cared nothing for her personally. It gave her unexpected anguish to learn that Lord Austell’s affections were most likely set upon Lady Masterson—although, remembering the dark head leaning so protectively over the silver-gilt one, it was hard to deny the possibility. Yet the Earl had done so! Perhaps he was just brushing aside an encroaching servant who had no right to ask questions. Well, if it was Lady Masterson the Earl wanted, anyone who had the Earl’s best interests at heart must do her possible to further the match, decided Pommy. Facing her own grief at Alan’s disclosure, she was honest enough to accept that her own affections were irretrievably given to the big handsome nobleman who had entered into her fantasies so delightfully during the trip to London. With a pang she realized that actually being Blighted was far less amusing than imagining oneself in that position.

It remained now only to decide how best to help Lord Austell. Could it be true that Mr. Boggs would easily be persuaded to relinquish his plan to ensnare the Earl? Better to make very sure of that. Pommy considered that if Isabelle were safely wedded to anyone other than the Earl it would protect him from the vintner’s schemes. Being affianced was not enough, obviously, since Mr. Boggs had callously broken off his daughter’s engagement to Corcran as soon as bigger game was in sight. Pommy was smart enough to realize that she could not hope to reestablish the commitment between Isabelle and Alan—neither of them desired it. But there must be someone to whom Isabelle’s superb beauty and equally superb fortune would be a

lure. . . .

Help came unexpectedly, heralded by a light tapping upon Pommy’s door. She opened it to discover Gareth standing in the hall, an expression of extreme anxiety upon his face.

“Do you know why Uncle Derek is closeted this age with my mother?” he asked in a conspiratorial whisper.

Pommy feared she knew only too well, but she was not one to gossip, so she returned a question. “Haven’t you any idea?”

“I am afraid they are cooking up a match for me,” the beautiful youth said gloomily. “They are both on at me forever to get myself into harness! Mother thinks it would anchor me here in town. My uncle says it would make a man of me. I had hoped you might have an inkling as to the subject of their present discussion.”

Pommy was struck with a formidable idea. “Do you know if they have some specific young lady in mind for you?” she asked.

“Not that I have heard,” replied Gareth despondently. “I have not formed a partiality for any of the endless stream of suitable females they have been introducing me to this past Season.”

“Have you no preference at all?” asked Pommy crossly. “Surely there must be some charming girl who has caught your fancy?”

A sudden light entered Gareth’s eyes, making his whole face radiant. “There is one,” he began. Then his face fell. “They would never let me marry her,” he concluded sadly.

“Why not?” prodded Pommy.

“Because her wretched father has been trying to foist the poor girl onto Uncle Derek,” explained the youth, disconsolately.

“You don’t—you can’t mean Isabelle?” breathed Miss Rand, her eyes shining.

“Why can’t I?” retorted Gareth crossly. “She’s by far the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen, and so—so conversable!” He went on, to Pommy’s amazement, “I can talk to Isabelle as I never could to one of those flibbety-gibbety débutantes! She listens to me, and doesn’t interrupt, and I find I can express my ideas more clearly to her than to anyone—even Mother.”

“Have you spoken to Isabelle?”

“About marrying me?” Gareth laughed without humor. “How can I? Mama and Uncle Derek are sure to think she is in the blackmailing scheme with her father. She would be the last person either of them would consider suitable for me.” The beautiful youth sighed despondently. “My life is ruined.”

That was all Pommy needed. Instantly her heart was melted, her imagination roused, and her forces recruited.

“Dear Gareth, let us find out whether Isabelle feels for you the same tender emotions you have just expressed for her!” She conveniently ignored the fact that Gareth’s “tender emotions” had been limited to satisfaction at Isabelle’s ability to listen to him without interrupting, and a nod of admiration toward her beauty. Her partisanship was easier because she recalled Isabelle’s deep and evident empressement over Gareth’s appearance, and her too-casual inquiries as to whether he was Pommy’s brother, cousin or fiancé. She felt a momentary qualm at betraying her employer by encouraging her son to make a questionable alliance, for it was plain Gareth was expected to marry a girl of his own order. To a high stickler such as Lady Masterson, even the wealth of a Croesus would not be sufficient to remove the taint of Trade from the vintner’s daughter, while Lord Austell could scarcely be expected to accept with equanimity the possibility of being connected by his nephew’s marriage with the man who was presently trying to blackmail him.

Still, what else was she to do? It was evident to the meanest intelligence that Gareth could not easily be persuaded to marry where his interest was not involved: witness his mother’s unsuccessful attempts to get him shackled to any girl of the Ton. But he had displayed a remarkable interest in Miss Boggs, and she in him. It was also evident that Miss Boggs must be married if Lord Austell was to be saved from social disaster.

Pommy frowned with the complexity of the problem. Gareth and Isabelle between them had hardly enough sense to come in out of a rainstorm, but they had taken an instant liking to one another and would be happy and comfortable together. If Lady Masterson was too indignant to forgive them at once, they could retire to Gareth’s estate and be happy, while Lord Austell consoled Lady Masterson for her loss of an escort by marrying her and giving her his right arm and the rest of his splendid body to lean upon.

Somehow the very thought of that eventuality so depressed Pommy that she had little heart for the machinations she would have to perform to bring about the desired end. She took herself sharply to task. What did it matter that her own feelings were cruelly lacerated, as long as Lord Austell was happy and safe from scandal? Swallowing a painful lump in her throat, Pommy accepted the fact that her perfidy toward her kind employer would result in her instant dismissal and ejection from this house into the hostile streets of London. And of course she would never see Lord Austell again— But he would be happy with his Aurora. . . .

“Why,” asked Gareth in bewilderment, “are you crying, Pommy? Do you have the headache?” It occurred to him that his mother frequently seemed to develop a headache when he tried to talk her into letting him visit his estate. Perhaps women’s brains were too delicate to sustain a serious conversation with a man? And yet Miss Boggs had seemed most happy to converse with him. Her lovely brow had remained quite unfurrowed and she had even appeared anxious to continue their tête-à-tête! It seemed to Gareth that his Isabelle—for so, with Pommy’s encouragement, he now dared to regard her—was unusually intelligent for a woman. Beautiful, kind, intelligent! A Nonpareil! He set his well-shaped mouth in a stubborn line. Headache or no headache, Pommy must carry through with the task she herself had just suggested, that of finding out whether the beautiful Miss Boggs felt for him what he now realized he felt for her: to wit, Love.

To this end, he walked over to Pommy, and holding her firmly by the shoulder with one hand, he dried her tears with his own handkerchief. “Now, now, my dear Pommy, you must not cry any longer! I am sure Mama has often said it is the ruination of one’s complexion—if one is a lady, that is! Of course, men do not cry, but I should not think it would matter if they did, since their complexions are neither as delicate nor as important as those of ladies.” He recollected his original purpose and continued eagerly, “Will you tell me whether the woman I love has any feeling for me at all?”

Unaware that this equivocal scene might be grossly misunderstood by the two persons approaching down the hallway, Pommy looked up into Gareth’s beautiful, kindly, beef-witted countenance and a smile broke through her tears.

“Oh, Gareth, you are a darling! Of course I shall do exactly as you wish!”

In his delight at this wholehearted cooperation, Gareth gave his accomplice a hug, and bestowed upon her wet face a brotherly salute.

To Pommy’s horror, Lady Masterson’s voice rang out from the doorway at this instant.

“Why are you kissing Pommy, Gareth? Oh, are you in love at last?”

The culprits whirled to face her and found themselves also confronting a black-browed Derek. Lady Masterson had also turned to him.

“It is the answer to your problem, Derek! If we spread it about that Gareth is to marry Pommy, it will serve to discourage Mr. Corcran’s unwelcome attentions.” She smiled upon her son and his companion. “I shall arrange a small dance in Pommy’s honor and invite Sally Jersey. The rumor will be all over London within twenty-four hours.”

“But I do not—we do not—that is—” stammered the girl.

Lord Austell seemed to have himself well in hand again. “Quite a Romantic story, is it not, Pommy? Are you now playing Cinderella, or the Sleeping Beauty?”

“Neither,” began Pommy desperately. “We do not—”

But with shocking perversity Gareth broke into her angry denial. “We’d be most grateful, Mama! Pommy shall help you with the guest list, shall you not—er—my dear?” and he made such an elaborate grimace toward the girl that the Earl’s attention was arrested, and he stared hard at the white-faced Pommy.





Fourteen



When Gareth, reminded gently by his mama that he was missing his customary morning exercise, had gone off to ride in the Park, and Pommy, protesting that there was still much she wished to say, had been dispatched to ask Gordon to show her where the invitation cards were kept, Lady Masterson turned to confront her brother-in-law’s ironic glance.

“Oh, yes, I know what you are thinking, Derek,” she admitted, with a mischievous smile.

“I rather doubt that,” replied the Earl, grimly.

“But I do! You are silently rating me for having pushed those two babies into a situation for which they have no liking, but I promise you I know what I am doing.”

The Earl raised his eyebrows quizzically, but there was surprise in his expression. “So you realized there was nothing to matter in the rather adolescent exchange we witnessed?” he asked.

“More than that, I think I know where Gareth’s real interest lies—but there are problems, Derek, and I cannot permit you to bustle into the affair like a male tornado, setting everyone heels over heads!”

Derek was forced to chuckle. “Now I wonder what schemes you are hatching in that devious brain of yours, my dear sister-in-law? Shall I be forced to come to your rescue?”

Aurora’s laughter chimed musically. “You will have to wait, like Gareth and Pommy, for a full revelation at the appropriate time,” she teased.

“You terrify me, Aurora,” said Lord Austell not entirely facetiously. “And may I say that you delight me, as well? I have not seen you sparkle in this way for too long a time.”

Lady Masterson stretched up her hand and patted the brown cheek gently. “Your diagnosis was correct, Dr. Austell,” she jibed with soft eyes that belied her mocking voice. “Rx: one warm, sensitive, engaging girl, prone to Romantic fancies and too impulsively bent on carrying out harebrained schemes! Guaranteed to stir up a fresh interest in living in the most lachrymose of fashionable females!”

“If the prescription has succeeded, I am most grateful to the minx,” Lord Austell said, and bent to kiss the slender white hand which had patted his cheek. It was thus that Pommy beheld them as she appeared outside the open doors of the drawing room, a large box of blank cards in her hands. She halted abruptly, smothered a startled “O!” and was turning hastily away when Lady Masterson caught sight of her.

“Do come in, Pommy. I am ready to jot down our guest list now, and you shall write out the invitations. I understand you were educated by your grandfather, who was a notable scholar, so I sure you write a very pretty hand.” She smiled and seated herself at a buhl escritoire. “I shall draft a model for you.”

Very conscious of Lord Austell’s presence in the room, Pommy bent over Her Ladyship’s shoulder as the latter’s pen scratched swiftly across a card. The wording appeared to be in regular form until the last line, which said, “To meet Miss Melpomene Rand.”

“But I am only your companion, Milady—!” the girl gasped. “You do me too much honor!”

“You are my medicine against melancholy,” corrected Lady Masterson with a chuckle. “You have stirred me quite out of the doldrums. You must allow me to celebrate my new interest in living, my dear.”

“I can see,” commented the Earl wryly, “that I have been forgotten completely by my hostess. I shall therefore beg you to excuse me.” He bowed to both ladies with his usual urbane charm and took his leave.

Pommy’s eyes followed the tall, distinguished figure out of the room. She made herself fight against a wave of desolation. She had seen enough to convince her that her suspicions were correct. For all his disclaimer that Lady Masterson’s shifting moods put him off, Lord Austell had been kissing her hand with such tenderness that it was impossible to mistake his feelings.

“She deserves him, too!” Pommy told herself loyally, remembering the unquestioning kindness with which her employer had received a perfectly strange young woman into her home, the distinguishing notice she had accorded to her, the lovely gowns purchased, and the insistence that Pommy accompany her on the pleasant little excursions to the dress shop and later to houses of her friends.

Still, Pommy did not succumb to maudlin self-sacrifice. She was convinced that her own plan to get Gareth married to Isabelle was a sound one, since they were so equally matched in beauty, artlessness, and amiable stupidity, and since they were mutually heart-smitten. Singly, each would probably drive a future husband or wife to deadly boredom or frenzy, but as a couple they could well live a pleasant and rewarding life. Or so Pommy reasoned, and she was more than willing to assist the star-crossed lovers in any way possible. Since she was now inscribing the invitations to the Ball, she made sure that one was addressed to Isabelle—together with an impressive warning not to tell her father anything about it. She was not too sure that Isabelle would be able to follow such sensible advice, but left the matter in the hands of Fortuna, with a nod in the direction of the goddess Tyche as well. Then, feeling that she had done all in her power to placate both the Roman and the Greek Fates, she took an opportunity before dinner to tell Gareth what she had done, and warn him to be alert to attend Miss Boggs from the instant of her arrival.

“If you are seen to express partiality for her, it will not only prevent your being forced to offer for me, but it will also lessen the chances of Mr. Boggs’s scheme against Lord Austell succeeding—do you see that?”

Gareth looked willing but doubtful.

“Miss Boggs could not be expected to marry both you and the Earl.”

Gareth’s face was suffused with color. It was obvious he was both shocked at the idea of his Isabelle marrying two men, and delighted to think that he might be one of them. Pommy gave him a benevolent pat upon the arm, and left him to his cogitations.

Knowing Lady Masterson’s propensity for mischief, it should not have surprised Pommy when, after dinner, Her Ladyship announced quietly, “Be sure to send an invitation to Miss Boggs, dear child,” and then gave her chiming laugh at the astounded faces of the two plotters. Then, forestalling questions, she inquired if Pommy had sent an invitation to Colonel Rand.

“I saw his name upon the list, ma’am,” confessed Pommy, “but I was not sure . . . the unfortunate situation—”

Lady Masterson interrupted breezily, “But my dear girl, surely it would be most improper for your engagement to be announced without a single member of your own family present? And from all I have heard, you would not really wish to see your aunt Henga or her daughters after the way they have treated you!”

Though she dreaded bringing disappointment into that naughty, mischievous glance, Pommy said quietly, “I must insist that the idea of my becoming engaged to Gareth is embarrassing and inexpedient, Milady, and I cannot—”

“But of course it is, child,” Aurora interrupted again, and this time her face was sweetly serious. She went on, “Inexpedient, that is. But I cannot quite see that anyone is being embarrassed. We have only said, ‘To meet Miss Melpomene Rand.’ How should that cause trouble for anyone? You must trust me, my dear. Perhaps it is difficult for you to do so, since you have so recently met me, but I must tell you that I feel you were sent to me at a time when my life was, through self-pity and weakness, drifting into a wasteland from which you have rescued me. You must see that I am now enjoying life with a zest I feared was forever lost to me?”

“If I have helped you in any way, Milady, I am happy,” replied Pommy, torn between reassurance and a sense of guilt.

“Then you must be sure to send your dashing uncle-Colonel a card to your party,” Lady Masterson charged her.

Pommy cast a searching glance upon her employer, and became aware of a becoming flush upon that lady’s cheek and a new sparkle in the fine eyes which the girl did not think was put there by her new companion. She did hope that Uncle George would not turn awkward, but would be willing, for his niece’s sake, to accept an invitation from the lady who had dismissed him so curtly on their first meeting! Pommy sighed deeply and got on with the invitations.





The day before the Ball, a new complication arose which threatened all Pommy’s plans. It started very pleasantly at nine o’clock in the morning. At this very unfashionable hour, Chelm, the youngest footman, was on duty. Opening the door in response to a merry tattoo upon the knocker, Chelm found himself facing the largest bouquet of flowers he had ever beheld. When this was thrust into his arms, Chelm received it gingerly and peered around it to discover who had brought it. The donor was a rakish young Blade dressed to the nines and looking as fine as five-pence.

“Yers? Wotta you want?” he inquired warily, then, recalling Mr. Mikkle’s intuition, added on, “sir?”

“I have come,” said Alan Corcran blithely, for he was convinced he had fallen in love, “to pay my respects to Miss Rand.”

“Miss Rand?” queried the footman suspiciously. Chelm himself had begun to harbor Romantic if admittedly impossible dreams in regard to Miss Pommy, and he disapproved of Corinthians and Rakehells making overtures to that young lady.

“Miss Rand,” repeated the Blade, who was probably a Corinthian and certainly a Rakehell. “Hop to it, my good man!”

Chelm’s initial distrust hardened into acute dislike, and betrayed him into a remark which Mikkle would never have sanctioned.

“D’yer know wot time it is?”

Alan, who considered himself to be a regular Pink of the Ton, and up to all the rigs and rows, was naturally incensed by this piece of impertinence. “I should think it too early to expect visitors, if you have been put in charge of the door,” he sneered. “Now take my flowers to Miss Rand and tell her I must see her about the matter we were discussing when we last we talked.” Then, adding insult to injury, he recapitulated his message slowly and clearly, as to a knock-in-the-cradle: “Flowers—to Miss Rand—say Mr. Corcran has information she needs.”

Chelm, boiling with as black a sense of outrage as he had ever known, stalked off to the breakfast room where Pommy was lingering over a solitary cup of tea, Lady Masterson having given orders that no one was to disturb her before eleven o’clock. Naturally Pommy was pleased and impressed by the enormous nosegay, and her innocent delight further infuriated Chelm, who was sure the importunate caller had Designs on Miss Rand’s virtue. When he had reluctantly delivered his message, he was forced to watch the girl flying out into the hall to welcome the visitor.

Pommy was so thankful to receive a young, uncritical, admiring caller after the Earl’s cold strictures and quelling behavior, that she may have given Alan some ideas she did not intend. Chelm viewed this enthusiastic greeting with real foreboding. His darkest suspicions were confirmed when, on returning to his post, his ears shamelessly at the stretch, he overheard the girl agreeing to go out for a couple of hours in the Blade’s new curricle, “where we can enjoy a private coze.”

Pommy, not the green girl Alan hoped or Chelm feared, knew it was not comme il faut to be jauntering about London with a young reprobate in an open curricle, but her heart was sore from the Earl’s frequently expressed disapproval, and she craved Alan’s warmth and youthful high spirits.

Adjuring him to wait, she ran lightly up to her room and snatched up a saucy chip hat and her reticule. Upon impulse, she unwound her dark braid, which she was wont to wear twisted twice around her head like a coronet, and brushed it out into a glistening mane. Upon this she perched the chip hat. The fact that this made her look about ten years old did not reassure Chelm, who associated loose-flowing female hair with a special kind of confrontation. And now Miss Pommy was asking him to let Gordon know she had gone out for a couple of hours but would be back for lunch. Chelm reluctantly closed the door after them, cursing the young rep who was leading Miss P. astray.

In Alan’s cheerful company it was easy for Pommy to forget her depression of spirit. After having said all that was fitting in admiration of the natty new curricle, she asked, “Where are we going?”

“I have learned there is a Fair outside the City, in a field,” Alan replied, betraying a youthful enthusiasm at odds with his Man-of-the-Town pose. “I felt sure it would amuse you,” he added, condescendingly.

“I am sure I shall enjoy it very much,” said Pommy, “but I must be back in Portman Square by noon, you know. I am Lady Masterson’s companion, you know, not a guest in her house.”

Not much sobered by this caution, Alan, while agreeing to an early return, launched into a boyishly pompous dissertation upon the difference between the ordinary companion to an elderly invalid and a young woman lucky enough to have a Leader of the Beau Monde as her patroness. “For it is easily seen,” he said, “that she does not regard you as a servant. What servant accompanies her employer to the Ton parties, dressed as you were at the Musical Evening?”

During the course of the drive, he let fall a good deal about himself and his home in Surrey; his doting parents and his own desire to be considered a Tulip of the Ton. By the time the curricle drew up in a field near the tiny Fair, Pommy had made a pretty sound estimate of her cavalier’s true nature, and was prepared to enjoy an innocent romp with him.

They found the Fair as much fun as Alan had promised. They played like two children, shouting with laughter as they rode the swings, ups-and-downs, and roundabout; throwing onions at targets, eating sausage rolls in their fingers, and exclaiming over the feats of the strong man and the ropewalker.

When Pommy reluctantly insisted they should return to Portman Square, Alan even more reluctantly agreed. As they drew closer to the end of their adventure, Pommy said, “We have not had that private coze you promised, you know.”

Alan shrugged. “I would have said anything to get you to come with me. It has been pleasant, has it not?”

“Delightful,” said Pommy warmly. She was trying to tidy the lustrous mane with her fingers, and get it neatly settled under the absurd chip bonnet. Alan grinned at her boyishly.

“You look a proper urchin, Pommy! Better get upstairs and brush your hair before Her Ladyship sees you.”

As he handed her down in front of Number Three, Alan gave the girl’s slight body an extra swing before he returned her to her feet. She ran ahead of him up to the door, her face rosy with laughter, Alan in mock pursuit.

They were brought up short by the sight of a tall, elegant figure glaring at them from the open doorway.

“Lord Austell!” gasped Pommy.

For all his vaunted nous Alan could not face this confrontation. Muttering hasty goodbyes, he ran back to his curricle, mounted, and drove hastily away.

The Earl observed this craven retreat with a sardonic eye. “It is to be hoped that Mr. Corcran is more faithful in love than he appears to be dauntless in war,” he said. “Or perhaps he has not read Mr. Scott’s Marmion.”

“We were having some fun at a Fair—” began Pommy, miserably conscious of her hoydenish appearance.

“Spare me your excuses,” snapped the Earl. “I would suggest you attend to your appearance before presenting yourself to Lady Masterson! I beg leave to bid you good day!”

The Earl ran down the steps and strode rapidly away. Having spent a restless night afflicted with images of a pair of huge accusing green eyes, he had come to make his peace with Pommy this morning, only to learn from Chelm that Miss had run off with a queer nobs called Corker or some such. This news destroyed the indulgent mood with which he had prepared to inform the girl of the good fortune he intended to bestow upon her. The longer he waited, the less in charity he felt with the little wretch—but he consoled himself with the thought that after a morning spent with the insufferable Corcran, she would greet his own presence with joy. Instead of which, he found her romping childishly with the cowardly youth, her glorious hair disheveled—and having a perfectly wonderful time, if her laughing little face was any warrant! Feeling very staid and old and un-Romantic, the Earl, head high, made his disgruntled way down the street.





Fifteen



The longer Alan Corcran thought about the situation at Number Three Portman Square, the more he became convinced that there was a Plot against Pommy. He was not exactly certain what his own feeling was toward the little companion of Aurora, Lady Masterson, but it seemed to be an incongruous blending of admiration, annoyance, desire, and a chivalrous wish to defend her from the rakehells and roués of London. Since, he supposed, he himself might be classed with the latter group, his protective attitude was all the more puzzling. He was forced to conclude, rather gloomily, that his rakish behavior since he came to London had been merely a wistful emulation of the real thing.

“It would seem I am not truly cut out for it,” he told Todd, his valet, despondently.

“For what?” grumbled that worthy. Being a retainer who had been serving Corcrans before Alan was born, Todd was not best pleased at the young sprig’s aping of the Bucks and Corinthians, and had been heard to express the hope daily that Alan would tire of this damfoolery and let them both go home to Corcran Place where they belonged.

Alan had come to agree with him, but something in him would not permit him to leave young Pommy to her probably calamitous fate. He therefore sent a note to Number Three Portman Square, asking her to appoint a meeting in private. To this she replied that it was impossible for her to find free time, with her employer’s social activities in crescendo as they were.

Alan’s immediate response had been to seek information from some of his more sophisticated cronies. It was not hard to find—the Ton was agog over the piquant rumors which were circulating, each one wilder than its predecessors: the Lady Masterson had come out of her self-imposed seclusion at last, and was about to marry either a Duke or, if one accepted the word of a highly placed gossip, her own brother-in-law. Mr. Gareth Masterson was to be wed to Lady Masterson’s companion, a mysterious female no one had ever heard of, said another of the intelligencers; and a member of Brooks’s had been overheard to sneer that that impregnable Bastion of Bachelorhood, the Earl of Austell, had finally been caught out, and was to marry a tradesman’s daughter.

His head buzzing with these piquant if contradictory on dits, Alan considered his priorities and determined to rescue Pommy from the clutches of the belted Earl. How to act upon this resolve presented another problem, for if he could not get admittance to talk to the girl, how was he to deliver her from the nefarious schemes of the Wicked Peer? It is to be feared that young Mr. Corcran was as great a Romantic in his own way as Pommy was in hers. His too-active imagination pictured the girl in a series of quite implausible situations, ranging all the way from elegant seduction to brutal rape. In a calmer mood, the young man would have greeted such lurid fantasies with a derisory grin, but his aplomb had been shaken by Mr. Boggs’s initially successful if not conclusive attempt to lure him into parson’s mousetrap, and his confidence in his own savoir faire had received a shock. For it was the promise of bigger game than a wretched second son of a minor Baron which had moved the vintner to inform Alan that his suit had been refused . . . a suit which he had not been aware he had pressed until so informed by Miss Boggs’s papa, on the very afternoon of the day of the unfortunate party at which Isabelle had overheard his rather desperate jesting with his best friend.

Realizing with some emotion that it was past time he went back to his family’s home in the country, he so informed Todd. “I have just one more piece of business to deal with here in London,” he said. “You might as well pack everything. I do not fancy I shall wish to return to these lodgings.”

“Oh, you’ll be back, right enough,” grumbled his valet, “If your father takes a house for the Season. What I want to know is, just when do you intend to leave?”

“I’ll tell you after I’ve seen someone today,” Alan promised, his mind more on the problem of rescuing Pommy from the results of her own ignorance than upon the unforgivably crusty behavior of his servant. Still cogitating deeply, he ordered Todd to bring round his new curricle. This natty vehicle was a gift from his loving parent, and had been the source of considerable pride to Alan. It quite outshone the very old-fashioned coach on which Todd had conveyed him and his luggage to London five months earlier. As he tooled the curricle neatly through the streets toward Portman Square, he kept working at the problem of Pommy. He did not have quite enough self-possession to call at Lady Masterson’s mansion and demand to see the girl—Derek had done his work too well. But it suddenly occurred to the young man that he might knock at the door and ask that Miss Rand come out to the garden which was the central feature in the Square—to receive an urgent verbal message from home.

The ploy had a possibility of working, Alan decided, and proceeded to put it into action. Tethering his horses to a hitching post near the entrance gate to the garden, Alan walked across the road and delivered his message to a footman at Number Three. Then he made his way into the garden and sat upon a bench under a tree to await Pommy.

Within five minutes she came hurrying through the gate and down the path. Alan rose to greet her.

“What has happened?” she asked anxiously.

“I have been most worried about you, Pommy. I am about to return to my home in Sussex, and wished to assure myself that you were safe before I left.”

Pommy smiled abstractedly. “What should cause you to worry, Mr. Corcran? I am happy and well occupied with my duties as Lady Masterson’s companion, as you can see—”

“But that is not the word about Town,” Alan contradicted her. “Rumor has it that you are to marry either Gareth or the Earl—”

“But that is nonsense,” protested the girl, her color heightening.

“I should not have said so, seeing Austell’s dog-in-the-manger attitude when last I called upon you!”

Alan stared at her rosy cheeks suspiciously. “But if it is so, should you not consider the effects of such a baseless rumor upon your own reputation? There are only two courses of action which could prevent you from becoming one of the spiciest on dits of the Season!”

“What two courses?” Pommy was forced to ask.

“Either that the Earl should actually announce his engagement to you—and we both know how unlikely that is!—or that you should return at once to your own home and forget all this paltry, meretricious posturing which a group of idle fools with nothing really important to do call the Season,” snapped Alan. His own failure to cut a swath as a dashing member of the Ton may have made him unnecessarily severe upon the glittering world he had not succeeded in conquering, but his words came to the girl with all the authority of a member of the Inner Circle. She caught her breath. It was worse than she had feared, then! The story was all over town! But there was no way she could go home now. After the incident with Colonel Rand, it was more than likely that there would never be a welcome for her again at Highcliff Manor. Aunt Henga had made her return there impossible, with her cruel allegations. If not Highcliff, then where could she go? Pommy turned a face of dawning despair toward the young man.

“I cannot return home—it never was a real home to me, and now my aunt and uncle believe—believe—” she caught her breath in a sob. “Lady Masterson has been so good to me! I am sure the clothes she has bought me have cost far more than the salary I was to receive, so I cannot ask for any money—especially if I wished to use it to leave her!—and I have no means of providing for myself.”

Alan nodded grimly. “They have tossed you into a rare bumble-bath, my poor girl! I had not realized you had no other refuge. Yet I cannot see that you will do aught but worsen your situation if you remain and permit them to play off their tricks.” He frowned heavily, holding his chin with one hand in such a boyish gesture that Pommy smiled through her misery.

Then Alan clapped his hands together with a grin of relief. “I am a prize gudgeon!” he said cheerfully. “I am returning to my own home, Corcran Place, very soon—possibly tomorrow—and would like nothing better than to invite you to accompany me.”

Pommy shook her head with the smile one reserves for charming children. “And I suppose your mama would be delighted to welcome a penniless, unknown female with no pretensions to fortune or family? You must be all about in your head, Mr. Corcran . . . but thank you for the kindly offer.”

“Do you mean to stay on with Lady Masterson?” challenged Alan. “The word is about that startling announcements may be made on Friday night at the Ball.”

“Oh, if only I knew more—if there was anyone I could ask?” muttered Pommy.

“What does Lady Masterson say to you about it all?” queried Alan.

“She tells me to wait and see . . . that I shall be surprised, ‘pleasantly surprised’; that I must trust her,” admitted the girl.

Alan shook his head. “I do not know Her Ladyship well—in fact she has been out of Society, I am told, for five years—but from all anyone says, she is a woman of good reputation, excessively devoted to her former husband.”

“She has been kindness itself to me,” cried Pommy. “I cannot believe she would be planting mischief!”

“Then you must just wait and see, must you not?” was all the comfort Alan could offer. Soon after this inconclusive dialogue, Pommy hurried back into Number Three, and Alan mounted his curricle, not at all satisfied with the turn of events. So dissatisfied was he that, before he reached his lodgings, he had hit upon a plan which he firmly believed would prevent any Deceivers, no matter how highly placed in Society, from playing off their tricks upon the guileless Miss Rand.

When Todd was informed of the plan, he behaved very much like a mule, stubborn, bad tempered and recalcitrant. “If you are asking me to help you with that totty-headed hocus-pocus, Mr. Alan, your wits have gone begging,” he growled.

“I am not asking you,” gritted Alan, regretting yet again that his father had insisted upon sending this old jobbernoll to London as his son’s keeper. “I am telling you that this is what we are going to do! If you wish to go home, that is! For I shall not return to Corcran Place until I have seen Miss Rand safe out of London!”

Muttering direful prophecies of doom and disaster, Todd reluctantly allowed himself to be persuaded to aid in no less a connivery than the abduction of a maiden lady from one of the most elegant mansions in London, in broad daylight, on the afternoon of a Ball given in her honor.





Sixteen



The Earl of Austell was also thinking deep thoughts about Miss Melpomene Rand and the Ball to be given in her honor. What the devil was Aurora playing at? It was not like his sister-in-law to run a rig on Society. He recalled, however, that when his brother had been alive, the pair of them had cut a wheedle or two which might well have set the Ton by the ears if he himself had not stepped in to make all right. But this latest start, giving a Ball for her young companion, was the outside of enough. The Earl did not begrudge Pommy her party; he was only afraid lest Aurora might place the girl in a position where she would receive the cut direct from certain high sticklers among London’s Haut Ton. Smothering a curse, Lord Austell had himself driven round to Number Three Portman Square in full state: his coach with the crested panels, a liveried coachman and groom on the box, two up behind; himself dressed in his most impressive afternoon coat, and with what his brother had been wont to call his “Lord of the Manor, damn-your-eyes” look upon his handsome countenance. In the event, his state was wasted, since Lady Masterson was visiting her modiste, Mlle. Lutetie, and was not available for questioning.

Pommy, quickly notified by Mikkle via Gordon that His Lordship had honored them with his presence, made haste to present herself in the drawing room to accept whatever message Lord Austell wished to convey. She slipped so quietly into the room that the Earl was not immediately aware of her presence. Thus she was able to observe him unawares. She felt her heart swell in her chest at the sight of his stern dark countenance and superbly masculine figure. If only he had not seen her with Alan this morning!

Milord turned suddenly and caught her with her emotions displayed clearly in her lovely eyes. At once his expression softened and his smile of welcome made Pommy’s pulse beat faster.

“My dear child! How charmingly you are looking!” He strode over to her and took her small hand in his large warm one. As he bent over it, the girl’s eyes were drawn to the thick dark hair which curled on his well-shaped head, and she felt an almost overpowering urge to run her fingers through it. In a praiseworthy attempt to conceal the effect His Lordship was having upon her sensibilities, Pommy broke into hurried speech.

“Oh, Milord, Lady Masterson will be quite desolated to have missed you! I vow she was speaking only yesterday of the famous Balls and Ridottos you was used to give, and how everyone who had received an invitation was sure to come, which made all your parties the greatest squeezes—” She encountered his quizzical look, one dark eyebrow raised, and had the grace to blush. “That sounded very silly, did it not?” she asked, in quite a different tone.

“Very,” the Earl agreed. “Not at all like my Pommy. Why are you nervous of me? Is it because I caught you at your romp with Corcran?”

“I think,” explained Pommy with disarming honesty, “it is because I am not sure what Lady Masterson intends to do about me at her Ball on Friday evening. And because I do not feel at all comfortable being singled out for notice as she has done on the invitations, by writing, ‘To meet Miss Melpomene Rand.’ It frightens me, Milord. I am only her companion, with neither the background nor the desire to storm the citadel of London Society! Lord Austell, you must not let Lady Masterson try to force me upon the Ton!”

“You are afraid they will treat you with disdain?” queried the Earl with a frown.

Pommy brushed that aside. “I do not fear so much for myself—although I do anticipate personal embarrassment—for you know that I have not been accustomed to receiving excessive civility in my aunt’s home. No, I fear that Lady Masterson will find her gracious effort to launch me into the Beau Monde received with mockery or contempt. I have come to know her, Milord; she has the gentlest, merriest nature, and she would be defenseless against malicious cruelty!”

The Earl studied the flushed little face of Lady Masterson’s defender. “Do you think even the most vicious of harpies would openly attack a woman of Lady Masterson’s consequence? Do not forget I shall be here also, and I am neither gentle nor defenseless where the honor of my House is under attack!”

Pommy’s eyes held such adoration that the Earl caught his breath sharply. “No, Milord,” she said, “I believe the harpies would never dare to loose their venom directly upon your sister-in-law. Or any member of your family. But I am a different matter. They could imply, with justification, that I am thrusting myself in where I have no right to be. I think Lady Masterson would be hurt to see me snubbed. Oh, sir, can you not persuade her to let me remain in my room during the Ball? I am convinced no good can come of it! I cannot understand Her Ladyship’s insistence!”

Since this speech echoed all Lord Austell’s own doubts, he was compelled to admit the validity of Pommy’s fears. He had not released her hand, nor had she sought to free herself from his firm clasp. Now, he led her to a comfortable chair and bestowed her in it. Seating himself nearby, he said quietly, “I share your anxiety. You have given my sister-in-law a new interest, and she seeks, I am sure, to thank you for it in this way. It may be, also, that she hopes to promote a match between her son and yourself—no, do not shake your head, Pommy! Allow me to know Lady Masterson’s generous nature and your own worth! You are well bred, of good country family, well educated, in every way but fortune a suitable match for Gareth—”

“We do not love one another,” said Pommy in a small, clear voice.

The Earl smiled fondly at her, as one would at a beloved child or a lost dream. “Could Lady Masterson not hope that, in time, love might come? You are both so very young!”

“I am ages older than Gareth, Milord,” retorted Pommy sternly, “and not beautiful enough to attract him. Nor is he—” she hesitated, unwilling to offend Gareth’s uncle.

“Nor is he bright enough to attract you?” supplied the Earl wryly. “Yes, I take your point.”

“Besides,” Pommy added quickly, lest his feelings were hurt, “Gareth has already lost his heart to a beautiful and wealthy girl who thinks him to be the cleverest and most wonderful of men.”

“He should secure such a treasure without an instant’s loss of time.” The Earl grinned. Then watching her intently, he prodded. “Does his mother know of this paragon? More importantly, does my nephew intend to confide in me? Such an important matter as the marriage of Mr. Gareth Masterson must not be left to Romantic caprice.”

“He has fallen completely in love with Miss Isabelle Boggs,” confessed Pommy. “And I assure you, they are—kindred spirits.” She scanned his imperturbably face anxiously. “They would make each other extremely happy,” she pleaded.

“Besides not spoiling two families,” commented the Earl.

“Oh! How can you be so cruel?” cried Pommy. “Your own nephew!”

“You are attempting to convince me that either of them would not drive the average spouse to mayhem?” countered the Earl, with a wicked grin. He had been so sure that Pommy would be unable to resist the charm, beauty, and fortune of his nephew! Her attitude seemed to release a hard knot of depression within him, and he felt absurdly relieved and cheerful. “You must inform my sister-in-law of this delightful news as soon as she returns from her round of shopping,” he advised the frowning girl. “Tell her also that the match has my full approval, since it releases me completely from the threats of Mr. Boggs. Remind her also that it will probably serve to accomplish her dearest wish, since the Boggs child is even more biddable than Gareth, and Aurora can probably command their attendance upon her until they are ninety!”

Pommy was not pleased at the Earl’s unseemly levity. “Are you saying you will not object to the connection with Mr. Boggs?” she queried.

“Better he should be Gareth’s papa-in-law than mine.” The Earl laughed heartily, with what Pommy felt was cruel indifference. Still, he might have a point. She was forced to admit that Gareth was not subtle or sensitive enough to find Mr. Boggs’s crudities offensive. And she had a pretty good idea that the Earl would be able to depress the vintner’s pretensions and keep him in line. Pommy sighed.

“Then there is no reason for me to appear at Lady Masterson’s Ball,” she urged. “I would really rather not, Milord!”

But the Earl was cock-a-hoop, and greeted her earnest plea with a twinkling smile. “What, Faint Heart! Have you no sense of the Romantic? Who knows what thrilling adventures will befall you, like Cinderella at the Ball? I am coming to think that my dear sister had a better idea than I understood!”

“Oh, you are impossible!” snapped Pommy unforgivingly, and ran from the room, followed by the Earl’s joyous laughter.





Seventeen



The morning of the Ball dawned clear and bright. Birds tootled merrily in the trees in Portman Square. Lady Masterson was in alt. Her mood of elation was so much like Lord Austell’s that Pommy wondered if the whole family was subject to sudden onsets of high spirits. The servants, too, were affected; it was obvious that they were delighted to rouse from their long hibernation and reenter the glittering Social World again.

Lady Masterson summoned Pommy to her dressing room, where Gordon was hastily arraying her in a charming morning gown.

“You must not overtire yourself, Milady,” cautioned the girl.

Aurora laughed. “I have seldom been so happily engaged as I have been with the plans for this evening,” she said.

Indeed, Pommy thought, her employer had been too much absorbed with her plans for the special orchestra, the sumptuous refreshments, and the unusual décor to be conscious of the fatigue normally enjoyed by Society Hostesses. Her catch phrase—“It must be the best part of the Season!”—had been adopted by all her well-paid and devoted staff, so happy to see their beautiful mistress herself once more that they accomplished prodigies for her.

The huge ballroom had been transformed into a charming grotto, complete with a waterfall and hundreds of flowering shrubs and ferns in pots. All six of the French doors were set wide open to the coolth and fragrance of the gardens, admittedly smaller than the Earl’s but sweet with the scents of flowers. The broad terrace outside the ballroom had been waxed so that the guests might dance there in the Romantic light of flambeaux.

Card rooms were made ready for those who had no wish to dance. At three separate buffets, champagne, fruit punch, and other cooling beverages were to flow as lavishly as the decorative waterfall. The house sparkled and gleamed, waiting to welcome Lady Masterson’s guests.

Lord Austell dropped by before noon to present Her Ladyship’s butler with a dozen cases of champagne and three of a brandy which had Mikkle beaming. Milord refused Lady Masterson’s invitation to remain for lunch, claiming that he must get his beauty sleep before dinner in order to look his best at the Ball.

When he had departed, laughing like a boy, Aurora raised her eyebrows at Pommy. “I do not think I have ever seen Derek so lighthearted! If I did not know better, I should suppose he had fallen in love. But of course, at his age . . .”

Pommy, unaccountably cross, had to exert strong control to prevent herself from making a tart reply. She was by now fairly sure that the hilarity which had seized both the Earl and Her Ladyship was the effect of their falling in love—with each other. If anyone had found himself in love with her, and she was with him, Pommy knew she would experience just that wonderful sense of elation which Derek and Aurora were bubbling with. She told herself she was happy for them and that the match was most suitable as to age, fortune, and preeminence in Society.

As the day dragged toward its climax, her feeling of dread increased. Even the darling dress which Gordon brought to her after lunch—a gift from her generous employer—could not raise her spirits from the gloomy depths into which they had fallen. Gordon, looking askance at the pale face and heavy eyes of the girl she had come to like and respect, tried to interest her in the delicate flowers wrought in silver thread upon the white silk.

“It seems to be made of moonlight,” offered the Dragon in a rare flight of fancy.

Pommy admitted that it was beautiful and then burst into tears.

“Now then, Miss Pommy, that is no way for you to behave!” protested Gordon.

“I am not worthy of all this kindness and attention!” sobbed the girl. “It frightens me!”

Gordon had been briefed by Lady Masterson, who had learned a good deal from the Earl about the treatment Pommy had received at Highcliff Manor, including the slapping and the enforced journey in the rain. She muttered now that she knew what she would like to do to the old harridan and her nasty daughters. At this evidence of strong partisanship, Pommy raised tear-filled eyes and asked, “What old harridan, Gordon?”

“Your aunt,” replied the outspoken dresser crisply. “Miss Pommy, it is like the story about the girl who had to sweep up the ashes. The old woman and her two ugly daughters always so cruel, and poor Cinderella so sweetly pretty—and forever being put upon! I would know what to say to them!”

“My cousin Ceci is very pretty,” said Pommy, striving to be fair but already comforted.

“Pretty is as pretty does,” replied Gordon darkly. “I’ve seen her sort! All smiles and big eyes when the men are around, a regular viper to her maid.”

“Oh, Gordon, I do like you!” cried Pommy, and gave the gratified dresser a hug.

“Well, you’ll please me most if you lie down and rest now, with a wet cloth over your eyes. All that crying has made them red, and you must look your best tonight, Cinder-pommy!”

Smiling at her own wit, Gordon hung up the new dress in the armoire and went softly from the room. She knew as well as the girl that the tears had not been shed over the unloving relatives, but for love of six feet four inches of virile manhood—but like Pommy, she would never admit to it.

Pommy did lie down for half an hour, but she was not accustomed to sleeping in the daytime, and the sounds of activity from the lower floors, though subdued, kept her alert. At length she rose, washed her face, and stealing just one quick peek inside the armoire at the white and silver gown, she went down to see what she could do to help with the preparations.

While she was crossing the great main hall, there was an assault on the knocker, and a footman in a baize apron hurried to open the door. On the threshold stood a small, stocky man dressed in sober black, evidently someone’s servant bearing a message. Pommy came forward to accept the information. But instead of an acceptance or regret for the Ball, the message was for her personally, as the little man soon informed her.

“That’s all right, Chelm.” Pommy smiled at the harassed footman. “You can go back to whatever you were doing. It is only a note for me.”

But when she opened it (for the little man stood glumly on the porch, awaiting her reply), Pommy had a sudden wave of shock which made her momentarily dizzy. The note was signed “Isabelle,” and read as follows:





Dearest Pommy: When you read this you must say absolutely nothing to anyone. You must get your reticule and a cloak and come with the messenger to where I am being held. Only you can save me. Do not betray my trust!





Pommy raised her eyes to the dour little servant. “What—?”

“Say nothing,” he ordered, pointing to the note.

But Pommy was made of sterner stuff than that.

“Is it an abduction?” she whispered. “Should I not obtain money? For the ransom?”

Looking as though he thought that might be a very good idea, the little man reluctant shook his head. “Get yer cloak an’ bag. You won’t be hurt,” he advised sourly. Pommy had the distinct impression that this whole theatrical performance was highly distasteful to him. His manner reassured the girl. She went swiftly up the stairs for her cloak and reticule. After a moment’s thought, she placed a small, sharp pair of scissors in her bag (useful for stabbing attackers or cutting ropes), and three extra handkerchieves (remembering Isabelle’s penchant for easy tears). Finally she added all the money of which she was possessed, a paltry sum, since she had not yet received a wage, but which might help to bribe someone, or hire a coach. Then she slipped down the great stairs, thinking herself fortunate not to encounter anyone in a position to challenge her.

Waiting outside the closed front door was the little man. Pommy now observed a small enclosed coach standing a few doors down the street, with a well-muffled coachman upon the box. The little servant led her to this coach, assisted her to enter, closed the door after her, and clambered up beside the coachman. They were off with a jerk and a scraping of iron-shod hooves upon the cobbles.

Pommy sank back into the gloomy depths of the musty old cab. She had time now for second thoughts, and began to wonder if she had not behaved with consummate folly. She fumbled in her reticule for Isabelle’s note, only to realize with dismay that it was not there. She tried to recall where she had put it, but nothing emerged from the jumble of her recollection. Pommy sighed. Well, perhaps one of the maids would pick it up and throw it in the dustbin. Few of them were able to read, so it was unlikely they would be concerned over the rather grubby little scrap of paper. Pommy closed her eyes and tried to restore the tone of her mind, in preparation for whatever challenge awaited her.





At this moment Lady Masterson was absorbing the contents of Isabelle’s note with distended eyes. Chelm, who had opened the door to the little man, had a very soft spot for Miss Pommy, and had liked neither the effect of the message upon the girl, not the cut of the messenger’s jib. When, hovering near the door to the main hallway, he had observed Miss Pommy first run upstairs and then come racing down, he had been alarmed. He noticed the small white paper which had fluttered to the floor as Pommy shut the little man outside the front door, and had whipped out of concealment to snatch it up before the girl could return. He himself was not a skilled reader, being, in fact, limited to forming his own name and deciphering the numbers and letters on currency, but he was impressed by the underlinings and by Miss P.’s reception of the contents. He therefore took the letter at once to Lady Masterson’s suite, and handed it, with a brief explanation, to Gordon. He lingered long enough in the hallway to hear Her Ladyship’s shriek of dismay, and then returned to his work, confident that he would be called upon speedily to tell his tale.

This was indeed the case. When he had explained every detail of the event to Her Ladyship, he was sent with an urgent message to Lord Austell’s home. While Lady Masterson nervously awaited the arrival of her brother-in-law, another servant brought the information that Colonel Rand was below and wished to have a word with his niece.

“O God!” shrieked Lady Masterson, her appalled gaze flashing to Gordon. “We have lost Pommy! He will hate me!”

The Dragon, who knew more than her mistress gave her credit for, promptly offered to see the colonel and explain the situation.

“But how can you, Gordon, when we don’t understand it yet ourselves?”

“Then I think you must receive the gentleman yourself, Milady, and tell him what we do know,” urged Gordon. “You are in great good looks this morning, and that violet muslin really brings out your eyes. Shall you receive him in the drawing room?”

“No, for you know as well as I do that the servants are thronging through all the lower rooms, giving them a last minute polish,” cried the distracted lady.

“Then I shall have to bring him here,” announced Gordon with barely concealed satisfaction. It was past time, she thought, that a masculine boot trod the charming delicacy of the mauve and rose carpet, and a masculine eye observed the exquisite beauty of Her Ladyship in such a setting.

Lady Masterson had scarcely time to compose her features and apply a little of her French perfume before Gordon deposited the colonel. Her Ladyship shyly raised her eyes to his bold, commanding countenance. What she saw there went a good way toward restoring her confidence. For the colonel, no ladies’ man, was bowled over by the fragrant femininity before him. His hard eyes almost goggled at the sight of this adorable woman in such an intimate setting. Feeling extremely crass and heavy footed, he marched forward across the delicate carpet as though he were walking upon eggs, and bent with a military precision to kiss her soft white hand. His rout was completed when her soft voice breathed above his head in anguished tones:

“Oh, my dear sir, you will be terribly angry with me, but indeed, Colonel Rand, I could not prevent it!”

The colonel straightened his big, battle-hardened body and stared into the most enchanting countenance it had ever been his pleasure to set eyes upon. Gone was the haughty grande dame who had spurned him so coldly. This was a warm and frightened woman, for whom the colonel’s chivalry was immediately enlisted.

“Whatever is troubling you, Lady Masterson, I shall never blame you. Only tell me what I can do to help you!”

Lady Masterson indicated a chair close to her chaise longue, and they seated themselves in silence. Then, gathering up her courage, she told him the facts as she knew them.

“But how is this a fault in you?” the gallant colonel asked. “My niece received a letter from a friend; she left in answer to that friend’s appeal. You knew nothing of it until the message was discovered. I shall go round to Miss Boggs’s residence at once and see what the trouble may be.”

“I fear that Pommy has been decoyed away by kidnappers,” said Aurora, her tear-filled eyes abject upon his face. “And while she was in my care, too! It is shaming—”

“Nonsense,” the colonel said briskly. “From the way she looked when last I saw her—” he hesitated, noted the rosy flush which crept across the white cheeks, and took firm control. “No, Milady, we must not permit ourselves to dwell upon that unhappy occasion. Tempers were short. An unpleasant woman had made mischief. But I saw for myself that the girl was happy and comfortable in your gracious care—”

“From which she has been decoyed!” Aurora persisted, enjoying the pleasure of his reassurances.

“Through no fault of your own,” the colonel reminded her, and was emboldened to lean forward enough to clasp her hand. This she seemed willing enough to relinquish into his grasp, and for a moment neither of them spoke. Then, with a final gentle pressure, the colonel released it reluctantly, and resumed the discussion. “What measures have been taken so far?” he asked.

“I have sent for Lord Austell,” began Her Ladyship. “I—I had not thought to send for you, sir,” she apologized.

The officer rose and strode around the room as though feeling the need for action. “Good! Your brother-in-law will be aware of the friendship between my niece and Miss Boggs, since I am given to understand that it was he who brought both of them to you in London. He will therefore have Miss Boggs’s direction. I shall accompany him to the Boggs residence.”

Lady Aurora was suddenly struck by another thought. “Why did you come here today, Colonel Rand? I was informed you wished to speak to your niece.”

A softened look came into the soldier’s face. “I had bought a gift for her—a trifle to wear at your Ball—which I am sure, knowing my sister-in-law Henga, is the first she has ever attended! I was going to make sure she had a pretty dress, too,” he confessed with some embarrassment, hoping that his honest statement would not anger his niece’s employer.

On the contrary, Lady Masterson smiled at him with such approval that his heart began to pound in his chest. “That was thoughtful of you, sir! And are you very knowledgeable in the matter of ladies’ gowns?” she teased.

This sally gratified him enormously, as she had intended it should do, and while he made a suitable disclaimer, she was pleased to note that the warm look was still present in his eyes, and softened his hard features enormously.

“What trinket had you brought for Pommy? Will you show it to me,” she invited, “since we must wait for Austell to take you to Miss Boggs’s residence?”

The soldier took from an inner pocket a small white jeweler’s box. Opening it, he displayed a small string of perfect pearls.

“Exquisite,” pronounced Her Ladyship. “Most suitable for a young girl in her first Season.”

The colonel frowned. “That is something I had hoped to discuss with you, Lady Masterson,” he began. “I am most grateful for what you are doing for my niece, but I am not quite certain how matters stand. She is your companion, is she not? Surely you do not intend to sponsor her into the Ton?”

Whatever Lady Masterson might have confided to this very masterful soldier will never be known, for at that very moment Gareth burst into her sitting room in a positive frenzy of alarm. Completely ignoring the unusual sight of a large military gentleman seated upon one of his mama’s dainty chairs, he shouted, “What has happened to Isabelle? Where is Pommy? Oh, why was I not summoned?”

His mama regarded her agitated son with disfavor. “We are already doing all we can until Derek arrives to take the colonel to Miss Boggs’s home,” she said sternly. “You will bring on a headache with this uproar.”

“I never have headaches,” said Gareth simply.

“I do, however, upon occasion,” said his mother repressively, “and I do not wish this to be one of them. You seem to forget that we are having a large formal Ball this evening.”

“Not if Isabelle is missing!” protested Gareth.

“What has Miss Boggs to say to anything?” asked his mother coolly.

“I love her,” retorted Gareth. “I shall accompany my uncle and Colonel Rand to search for her.”

“Oh, in that case,” agreed Lady Masterson, softening toward her son. “Of course, if you love her—you love her!” she shrieked, suddenly taking in what he had said.

“I intend to marry her, and settle down—”

“My son!” breathed Her Ladyship. “You are fulfilling my fondest hopes for you! You shall both live here, and be my dear companions—”

“You already have Pommy for that,” said Gareth, setting his beautiful mouth stubbornly. “I wish Isabelle to come with me to my own estate.”

“You would leave your mother alone—?” began Lady Masterson, a desolate expression clouding the delicate beauty of her face.

“Lady Masterson,” interrupted Colonel Rand urgently, “dearest Lady Masterson! Never while I live shall you be left alone! Only say that you permit me to court you—that you will listen to my representations—that is, that I may be allowed to offer for you—” He took out an immaculate handkerchief and wiped his forehead. “Lady Masterson!” he ended upon a note of desperation.

The lady so passionately apostrophized bent upon her petitioner a speculative glance. It suddenly occurred to her that a gallant officer with matrimony in mind might be a far better attendant than a love-smitten son or even a love-smitten companion. She gave the distressed officer a gentle smile, whose demureness was belied by the provocative twinkle in her lovely eyes.

“Although I had not realized it until the advent of your dear niece, I find I am becoming bored with living retired,” she admitted. “I should expect you to engage in an active social life with me—that is, of course, if I were to accept your proposal.”

Such a light dawned upon the soldier’s stern face that even Gareth was struck by it.

“If you were—! Oh, My Lady, could you ever consent—?”

“An active social life,” insisted His Lady, striking while the iron was hot.

The dazzled soldier would have sworn his head was his heels at that moment. To gain the prize he had dreamed of since their first calamitous meeting, with only the stipulation that he should take this radiant being into Society upon his arm, seemed to the besotted creature no penalty at all, but the utmost delight.

“It would be my deepest pleasure to escort Your Ladyship to every reception and Ball in London,” he promised, eyes on her adorable face.

“I shall hold you to that, sir,” Lady Masterson warned him happily.

“Unless, of course, we become engaged in another war,” amended her colonel conscientiously. “In which case I might be called overseas.”

“We shall face that when we come to it,” agreed Aurora silkily. Secretly she had already decided that if another conflict broke out before Colonel Rand was too old to go to it, she would pull whatever strings were necessary to have him stationed at the War Office in London.

Gareth watched the two happy faces with satisfaction. He was beginning to see that this union would release him from social duties he had come to find more than irksome, free him to take his Isabelle to—his Isabelle? Why were they not out searching for her? His panic was only allayed by the entrance, at that moment, of Lord Austell. The Earl at once assumed command of the situation.

“I am sure you are wishful to come with me to Miss Boggs’s home, Rand,” he began. “Chelm has put me into the picture as we drove here. I have some suspicions that all is not exactly as it appears, but our first step is naturally to go to Isabelle’s residence.”

“I am coming with you,” announced Gareth. One look at his stubborn face convinced the Earl not to waste time arguing.

“Very well. My carriage is at the door. Let us leave at once. I shall take Chelm with me, Aurora, since he seems to have his wits about him, and can recognize the servant who brought the note. I’ll send him back to you as soon as there is anything to report. Meanwhile, do not succumb to the vapors, I implore you!”

Leaving her smiling wryly, he was about to lead the way downstairs when he noticed Colonel Rand hanging back long enough to plant a firm kiss upon Milady’s rosy lips, which startled her as much as it delighted her. No slow-top, the soldier, thought the Earl, as the colonel, brick-red but defiant, met his raised eyebrows. “Your servant, Lady Masterson.” The colonel bowed. Then, “I am with you, sir,” he told Lord Austell.

Within fifteen minutes the Earl’s carriage drew up in front of the vintner’s lavish residence. To Gareth’s delight and the other men’s dismay, Miss Isabelle was discovered to be safely within, and had no knowledge of anything remotely connected with the sensational material in the scrubby letter which the Earl produced.

“But of course I did not write that!” she said. “I would be ashamed to send out such a wretched scrawl! I cannot think what this is all about.”

“It is a trick to lure Pommy away from my sister’s home,” said the Earl grimly. “We have now to decide who is villain enough to perpetrate such a wicked hoax.”

“Her aunt?” suggested both Isabelle and George Rand.

“Possibly—although this does not have quite the sound of a disgruntled, essentially prosaic female,” Lord Austell objected. “It has rather a Romantic sound—”

“You are suggesting that Pommy sent this to herself?” queried Colonel Rand, bristling.

“Of course not,” snapped the Earl. “For one thing, Chelm admitted the messenger, and he has already told us how white Pommy became as she read the note. No, this is the work of someone with quite a different kind of Romantic imagination than our Pommy’s. But who wrote it,” he added severely, “is not our first concern. Where is Pommy? That is what I wish to know!”

“Do you think it is abduction for ransom?” ventured Isabelle, who was already weeping without appreciable change in her flawless features. Gareth rushed across the room to comfort her, while the Earl said decisively:

“No, I think not. Chelm said Pommy offered to get money, and the messenger rejected the offer.”

“Then why—?” asked Colonel Rand in bewilderment. “The whole affair has a very amateur taint.”

“Exactly.” The Earl looked grim. “The writer of that note knew exactly how things stood between Miss Isabelle and our Pommy—that they were friends, and that Pommy, Romantic idiot that she is, would rush unheeding upon her fate if offered the challenge of a friend’s distress.”

“Someone who knows her well, then,” agreed the colonel. “Miss Isabelle, do you have knowledge of any young man who might consider himself sufficiently enamored of Pommy to wish to spirit her away in this manner?”

Isabelle shook her lovely head. “I was not aware that Pommy knew any young men in London, aside from Mr. Gareth Masterson and Mr. Corcran—”

“Corcran!” snapped the Earl. “He’s hanging out for a rich wife, is he not? Was he not dangling after you until your father changed his mind?”

“Really, Lord Austell, you speak too freely,” said Rand stiffly. Gareth was glaring angrily at his uncle. Isabelle stared from one to another of the gentlemen with an expression of bewilderment upon her flawless face. The Earl ignored them all.

“Corcran must know Pommy hasn’t a groat,” he said tensely. “There must be some other reason he’s abducted her. Did he have a tendre for her, do you know, Miss Isabelle?”

“He ain’t plannin’ marriage if he’s run orf with ’er,” Chelm spoke for the first time from his position on the fringe of the group.

“What the devil are you all talking about?” asked Gareth. “What makes you think Pommy has gone off with Alan Corcran?”

Isabelle had disregarded everything except the Earl’s question. She was thinking hard, and after a moment she said to Lord Austell, “Pommy had lost her heart to someone, I am sure of it. But I cannot recall her mentioning the man’s name. I suppose it could have been Mr. Corcran.”

“Then in that case,” said the Earl heavily, “we need not interfere.”

“The devil we won’t!” snapped Colonel Rand. “I have no intention of permitting my niece to compromise herself with some fortune-hunting rascal who lures her away from Lady Masterson’s care with lying letters purporting to come from Miss Boggs! Where is this scoundrel’s lodging?”

“He will not be there,” said the Earl. “Chelm said there was baggage upon the coach in which they drove away.”

His people have a place somewhere in the country,” began Gareth. “I’m sure I’ve heard him mention it. Shropshire or Sussex . . . wait, it’s called Corcran Place and it’s in—in—”

“Well, remember!” commanded the Earl more harshly than he had ever before addressed his heir.

“Surrey! That’s it!” announce Gareth with considerable satisfaction. “I was sure I should get it!”

The Earl marshaled his forces. “Rand, I shall want you with me. You are the girl’s closest relative, and can make our position unassailable. Gareth, go at once to Portman Square and acquaint your mother with the details of our plan—”

“But I don’t know them!” protested Gareth.

“God give me strength,” groaned the Earl.

The colonel, who, through his years in the army, was more used to dealing with young beef-brains than was Lord Austell, took smooth charge.

“Masterson!”

“Yes?” asked Gareth, and then catching the colonel’s eye, “sir?”

“First. You will inform Her Ladyship that Austell and I have gone after Miss Pommy. Second. Miss Pommy is with Mr. Alan Corcran. Third. We shall have my niece back to Portman Square this evening. Is that clear?”

Gareth frowned as he mentally rehearsed the information. A smile broke over his handsome features. “Oh, yes! But are you sure—?”

“That is our problem, sir, not yours,” Colonel Rand told him firmly. “Go now. Do you know the way from here? Walk back with Chelm. We shall need the Earl’s carriage.”

“Yes, sir,” said Gareth, smiled at his uncle, bowed gracefully over Isabelle’s hand, and made smartly for the door, following Chelm.

The Earl exhaled deeply and took his admiring gaze from the commanding officer. “Miss Isabelle, do not be alarmed. Gareth will be quite safe with Chelm. So will Pommy, for we shall find her. Have you received an invitation to Lady Masterson’s Ball?”

“Oh, yes!” Isabelle dimpled with pleased anticipation.

“Then you will see Gareth there, and can reassure yourself of his well-being. We must take our leave of you now, for Mr. Corcran has at least an hour’s start on us, and if we don’t discover his address soon—”

“Oh, I should think you could easily reach Dorking before dark,” interjected Isabelle.

“Dorking?” repeated the men in unison.

Isabelle smiled sweetly. “That is where Corcran Place is located. Alan often spoke of it,” she explained.

Once again in Lord Austell’s carriage, the two men stared at one another.

“I shall never be able to understand women,” confessed the colonel at last. “Why didn’t she mention it earlier, when Gareth was trying so hard to remember? She knew it all the time!”

“I suppose,” said the Earl, beginning to smile, “because nobody asked her. In any event, it’s saved us hours of fruitless search. Let us be grateful she mentioned it at all!”

They were soon bowling along smartly on the south road out of London, each man silently absorbed in his own plans.





Eighteen



Pommy became aware that the musty, old-fashioned coach in which she was riding was making its way out of London. The westering sun was ahead and on her right, so she assumed they were heading to the south. She began to wonder if she had not been stupid to place herself quite so trustfully in the power of the queer old man. She wished she had kept Isabelle’s letter in her hand; she might have learned something from a more careful perusal of it. She was becoming disgusted with her lack of quick-wittedness, and even a little apprehensive as to her destination, when the coach creaked to a halt beside a small inn nearly covered with green vines. The coachman swung down and came quickly around to open the door for her. She found herself staring into the smiling face of Alan Corcran.

Instead of the pleased recognition which the young man obviously expected, Pommy regarded him as though she would like to do him an injury. Her first words confirmed this.

“Alan Corcran! How dare you play off your tricks and frighten me so! I could strike you! What have you done with Isabelle?”

Considerably taken aback, Alan replied, “I have done nothing with her. I would suppose she is at her home, where she may stay, for all of me.” He scowled at her. “I had thought you would be excessively grateful to me!”

“Grateful?” echoed Pommy in accents of scorn. “I am hungry, exhausted by a long drive in this miserable excuse for a carriage, half out of my mind with anxiety over Isabelle’s fate—and you say I should be grateful? I think you must be the greatest blockhead in nature!”

Angry color rose in Alan’s face. “And this is the thanks I am to receive for saving your honor! I might have expected it! My father was right.”

“Your father? What has he to say to this? Did he advise you against this ridiculous rig you are running? You would have been wiser to have heeded him.”

“My father,” said Alan coldly, “is forever reading to Mama and me from his favorite poets. It is one reason I came to London. This situation, however, puts me strongly in mind of his favorite couplet:





“Of all the plagues with which the world is cursed,

Of every ill, a woman is the worst!”





“Your mama is to be pitied,” said Pommy repressively.

They kept glaring at one another until Todd, leaning out from the coachman’s seat, said crossly, “I told you how it would be, Master Alan. Now do go inside and order some food, and I’ll drive Miss back to London before her fine friends have the Runners after us!”

Pommy thrust the door open wider, nearly knocking Alan down. As he staggered away from the coach, she got out herself and stood facing him.

“You shall not fob me off with this Machiavellian servant of yours, Master Alan! I am starving. Order food for me, too, and then you may hire a carriage to take me back to Portman Square.”

“Language!” muttered the scandalized Todd, misliking the sound of “Machiavellian.” “In my day, well-brought-up young misses did not use such terms—”

“In your day, it is to be hoped that well-brought-up young misses were not raped from their homes and protectors by hardened rakehells, nor deceived by lying appeals for help purporting to come from their friends!”

Todd, who was now thoroughly alarmed by the word “rape” uttered in a loud clear voice in a public place, cast a piteous look at his young master, who had, after all, landed the two of them in this bumble-broth. “Oh, lordie me, what’s to do, Master Alan?”

Put somewhat on his mettle by the abject surrender of his crusty henchman, Alan tried to retrieve the situation.

“Come, Pommy, this is the veriest fustian, and you know it,” he offered coaxingly. “You will realize, if you will pause to give it a moment’s reflection, that I thought I was saving you from great embarrassment at Lady Masterson’s Ball tonight. My intention was to take you to my mother’s home, where you might safely reside until your future had been secured—”

“Are you telling me that your own mama is privy to this outrageous abduction?”

Alan had the grace to look apologetic. “Well, I have not had time to consult her, in actual fact, but,” catching sight of Pommy’s glare of disgust, “but I know she would never reject anyone I brought to her. As boys, my brother and I were forever bringing home stray puppies and kittens—”

It did not take Todd’s groan of exasperation to tell Alan he had not mended matters. “This is the outside of enough!” raged Pommy. “Stray puppies, is it? You have more than likely ruined my reputation, lost me my position, and made it ineligible for any decent person to speak to me—and you dare to aver that you thought you were saving me from embarrassment?”

By this time, the small group of servants and rustic idlers who had been attracted by the sounds of a heated altercation was beginning to take sides and express either supportive or opposing views. There were some pretty severe looks cast at the young Blade in the dandified raiment, as well as a disapproving glance or two at the young lady who was raising her voice against the gentleman. In the face of this concerted interest, the combatants felt it would be more dignified to continue their argument under more private circumstances, and repaired to the inn dining room in a state of armed truce.

Alan at once ordered a substantial meal to be served in some private room with all speed, since he and his party were too hungry to wait. Their host regretted that he had no private rooms such as young smarts from London might be accustomed to, but the public dining room being empty at the moment, as any fool could plainly see, since it was past four o’clock, and all normal persons had already dined, the public dining room, he repeated, gathering the thread of his somewhat discursive speech, should suffice their needs if they would be good enough to sit down to it.

Alan, resenting the implied slurs upon himself which he was sure he discerned in the rambling oration, was about to carry the battle further when Todd and Pommy together pulled him down into a chair at the table, and Pommy said crisply, “Serve the meal, Host!”

Alan rattled back gamely, saying he was well aware what o’clock it was, since he was famished to the point of tipping somebody a doubler if he didn’t get him mutton pretty promptly.

“Oh, don’t be such a gudgeon,” snapped Pommy. “The man’s gone to the kitchen, and can’t hear you, which is just as well, for we’d never have gotten anything to eat if you’d kept on haranguing him!”

Naturally this remark did not endear her to Alan, who subsided into a fuming silence, nor to Todd, who was heard to mutter something about women being seen but not heard. When the meal was served, it was quite good, and the three travelers ate in silence. Pommy made the first move toward a renewal of hostilities.

“Is it true, as I suspect, that Isabelle knew nothing of this rig you are running?”

“I had only hope to save you from shame,” retorted Alan bitterly.

“There may be something to your fears,” Pommy was forced to concede. “I have no idea what amiable folly Her Ladyship has the intention of committing tonight. I am sure it has something to do with me, for she has urged me repeatedly to trust her.”

“Unnerving,” agreed Alan, a little less morosely.

“But how can I?” continued the girl. “I do not at all understand persons of her order, having met none of them until just lately. The nobility seems to be capable of any lunacy!”

“What did you think she might do?” asked Alan with rising interest.

“Well, for a time I believed she might be trying to arrange a marriage between myself and Gareth, but that is quite ineligible on at least two counts.”

“What are they?” Alan was now completely absorbed in the drama.

“For one, Gareth is smitten with Isabella.”

“No!” breathed Alan. “He would bore most women out of their wits!”

“Yes, well, they find each other all that is delightful, and I am persuaded they would go on very well together. The second objection to the connection is that I have none of the qualities nor the attributes which would make me a suitable parti for such a nobleman.”

“I don’t see that—” Alan began to protest, but Pommy raised a hand.

“We are dealing honestly now with one another, Alan, since I may need to beg the assistance of a small loan from you before we part—to be repaid with interest, of course.”

“It is no more than I owe you,” admitted Alan handsomely, “after snatching you away from your home in that way.”

“Thank you,” said Pommy. “Now as to my unsuitability for marriage to a nobleman. I am the daughter of a third son—”

“That’s worse than me,” said Alan feelingly.

“I have no portion, nor hope of any. I have a classical education, but that can be counted as a drawback rather than an asset in this case.”

“I am afraid you are right,” agreed Alan uncomfortably.

“My name, while respectable, is far from impressive, and the head of my family, Uncle Charles Rand, is a country squire with no pretensions to gentility. Besides, he and Aunt Henga have cast me off.”

“By Jove, you are in the devil of a pucker, are you not?” sympathized Alan. “I wish I could help you, truly!”

While Todd was muttering irritably that they’d best put Missy in the coach and send her back to London, since he much doubted Master Alan’s people would want to be flummoxed with that sort of row, Pommy recalled an earlier scheme.

“Do you have any idea how one becomes a servingmaid in an inn such as this?”

“It’s a sure thing our host here wouldn’t have you, after the brangle we put on outside in the yard,” Alan said ruefully. “But wait! I think I have it! Isabelle Boggs is a good-hearted female, for all she’s such a—that is,” as he caught Pommy’s minatory glance, “she’s the one to help you find a place. Much better ton to have a female your sponsor, Pommy, I assure you.”

“I believe you are right,” said the girl after a minute’s consideration. “Then I must ask you to arrange for the hire of a vehicle which will take me back to London at once.”

“I shall do so as soon as we have finished eating,” promised Alan.

“Now,” corrected Pommy firmly, “for in that way no time will be lost. I must be back in Portman Square before the Ball begins. Lady Masterson will be greatly distressed, otherwise.”

“She’ll be sendin’ out the Runners,” said Todd glumly.

“It’s nearly five, Pommy,” said Alan remorsefully.

“That is not too late, if I get away smartly. Lady Masterson has bidden her guests for ten o’clock. It is the very height of elegance!”

“Damfoolery,” muttered Todd, as he followed his two young charges out of the inn.





Nineteen



Mine host had bustled to good effect, and within half an hour, well fed and in better spirits, Alan prepared to hand Pommy up into the hired chaise. He caught at her shoulder as she prepared to mount.

“Forgive me, Pommy! I truly meant it for the best! And forgive this wretched carriage, also! I can only hope you will not be smothered by the time you reach Portman Square!”

Pommy had turned to pat the hand upon her shoulder as a magnificent equipage swung to a dust-haloed stop behind them. From it decanted two very big men with faces like thunder. Glancing over Alan’s shoulders, Pommy’s mouth opened.

“Trouble, Alan!” she whispered. “On guard!”

Alan whirled to see the Earl and Colonel Rand bearing down upon him, their expressions clear warrant of their bloodthirsty intentions. It appeared to be a race to see which of the angry gentlemen could reach him first. Alan dropped his hand from Pommy’s shoulder and faced his attackers with a rather sickly smile.

The big men had reached him, and towered over him in a blood curdling manner. Both men glanced quickly at Pommy.

“You are unhurt?” snapped the colonel.

“Are you safe, Pommy?” asked the Earl at the same time.

“I am very well,” said Pommy hastily. “Truly—”

“My right, I think,” said the colonel harshly, and turned upon the unfortunate Corcran.

“I claim the honor,” insisted the Earl, jostling in ahead of his military companion. “I intend to teach this miserable little cur not to put his filthy paws on Pommy.”

“I say,” protested Alan feebly, and then, reading the icy determination in Lord Austell’s eyes, shrugged and put up his fists as bravely as he could.

Pommy caught her wits together and thrust herself between the two. “If you are going to behave like a pair of gamecocks, perhaps you will have the kindness to permit Alan to see me off to London first, in the coach he has just hired for that purpose. Then you may all batter each other into insensibility for all I care! I am sure Lady Masterson will not miss either of you at her first Ball since her return to Society!”

Lord Austell paused and his eyes went quickly to the girl’s pale, determined face. Slowly the icy glare faded, and he shook his head as though coming out of a frenzy. “I was afraid he had hurt you,” he muttered.

“I told you he had not,” retorted Pommy, crossly. “You never listen to what I say.”

Colonel Rand, also less tense, said placatingly, “We have driven hell-for-leather from London in a panic lest your life or—uh—honor might have been endangered, Pommy. You must make allowances for the fears of those who love you.”

The girl shot a quick glance at the Earl’s set face. “Oh! then I am truly grateful, but you see that I should return at once if Lady Masterson’s party is not to be spoiled for her.”

The Earl had himself well in hand. “You will, of course, return in my carriage with your uncle and myself,” he began formally.

“But Alan has already paid to rent this coach for me,” began Pommy.

“Shut up, Pommy,” advised Alan desperately, “and just go, will you?”

For some obscure masculine reason, probably connected with the sudden releasing of the tension under which they had labored for several hours, both the colonel and the Earl burst into laughter at this very practical advice from one who had no desire to be a battered Hero, much less a battered Villain. The colonel was about to hand Pommy into the Earl’s carriage when a smart curricle, going much too fast, whirled past them and then was expertly brought back to the front of the inn. Gareth descended, accompanied by a white-faced but grimly enduring Chelm. The corners of Lord Austell’s mouth quirked upward, but he said nothing, merely glancing toward Pommy as if to share his amusement with her. More rescuers! he seemed to be saying. Pommy fought to control her own laughter.

As Gareth and Chelm approached the unfortunate Alan, the young peer was shouting, “Name your seconds, Corcran! I will meet you this instant!”

The young footman had regained his breath, and was heard to offer to mill the hellhound down, either before or after the duel, whichever was most convenient.

Alan spread his palms and lifted his shoulders in an expression of defeat. “This does not appear to be my lucky day,” he said wryly to Lord Austell. “Perhaps if I might explain,” he offered to Gareth.

That young man stared around him with bewilderment at his now-smiling uncle and Pommy.

“I say—isn’t everyone angry at Corcran?”

This was greeted with another shout of laughter, in which Alan and Gareth finally joined, rather sheepishly.

Chelm, however, was made of less forgiving stuff. While the gentry were laughing off the insult to Miss Pommy, he got himself into position and swung a heavy fist at the young reprobate. Since Alan was not alert for attack, the blow connected neatly and he went down.

Pommy shrieked with alarm, but the three men stood looking down at the fallen abductor with wide smiles.

“A neat, flush hit.” The colonel commended Chelm. “Had you thought of enlisting, young man?”

“He did deserve something for his cow-handed behavior,” decided Lord Austell.

Gareth merely stared from one to the other in complete bewilderment.

“Is no one going to do anything for poor Alan?” demanded Pommy glaring around the circle.

“Shouldn’t think there’d be much to do,” pronounced the Earl judicially. “He’ll come round shortly.”

A stocky old man thrust his way into the group. “Gave him a settler, did ye?” he inquired. “Well, I’ll not deny he’s been asking for it.” He checked over the limp body with some expertise. “A nice clean blow. He’ll be around again in a minute,” was Todd’s opinion. “Just leave him to me. I’ve watched over him since he was a lad. Powerful self-willed, is Mr. Alan. Maybe, this’ll learn him some sense.”

“Shall we be on our way back to London?” the Earl asked Pommy sweetly. “I believe you were most anxious to set out.”

“I shall never understand men,” said Pommy, with a final worried glance at the still supine youth. She allowed Colonel Rand to take her arm and lead her to the Earl’s luxurious carriage. Lord Austell had a word with Gareth while Pommy’s uncle handed the girl up into the vehicle and followed her into it. Then Lord Austell went around to the off-side and mounted. George Rand silently saluted this strategic tactical maneuver, which placed the Earl on Pommy’s left and the colonel on her right, instead of leaving the colonel sitting bodkin between them. His grin was not obvious in the gloom of the closed carriage, and in any event neither Milord nor Pommy was much interested in anything but one another. Rather distraitly, Lord Austell gave his coachman the office to drive out, and the great carriage rolled smoothly onto the highroad and headed toward London.

When they had paused momentarily to light the sidelamps, the colonel glanced across his niece’s head at the Earl.

“I suppose we must let the whole matter drop?”

“If my beef-witted heir had had his way about the duel, we should all have found ourselves an on dit. It is to be hoped we shall brush through without scandal if Aurora has not concocted some skip-brained ploy. She and my younger brother were forever coming up with absurd games from whose frequently unfortunate results I had to rescue them.”

This statement found no favor with either of his hearers. The colonel merely stiffened a little but Pommy cried out against the harshness of the Earl’s judgment. “Lady Masterson has been kindness itself to me! I cannot remember my mother very well, but she could not have been more loving than Her Ladyship!” Pommy had kept her head so far, but it had been a long day. To her own horror as well as that of her two escorts, she began to cry. The immediate reaction of both gentlemen was to put a comforting arm around the weeping Heroine. Unfortunately, the carriage, though luxurious, was not room-sized, and the two big masculine arms collided somewhere above Pommy’s head with a distinct thud.

The contact startled a smothered oath from both men, and a flailing readjustment, as a result of which Pommy ended up in the Earl’s close clasp, while Colonel Rand drew back into his own corner of the coach.

“There would seem to be some matters for discussion between us, Austell,” said George Rand coldly.

The Earl tightened his grasp upon the girl, who, in sheer surprise at his action, had ceased to weep. “Our first business, Rand, is to get to Aurora’s dam-dashed party,” he snapped, in a very un-Romantic tone. “I must be there not only to scotch any rumors about this abduction, but more importantly to prevent my rather whimsical sister-in-law from embroiling us all in something which will provide fresh fodder for the gabblemongers. Am I correct, sir, in thinking that you might have something to ask me? As head of Aurora’s family, I mean?”

This was carrying the battle to the enemy’s camp indeed. The gallant officer stiffened with shock, hemmed, hawed, and finally said to the younger man in almost a petulant tone, “I would have chosen a more suitable place for a discussion of such importance and confidentiality, Milord, but—”

“Yes, you may wed my sister-in-law with my blessing, Rand,” interrupted Lord Austell matter-of-factly, “and I shall be greatly obliged to you. It is a relief to know there will be someone with a firm hand to keep her rather colorful notions under control.”

Before the colonel could voice his objections to this offhand treatment of what was to him a Very Solemn Moment, Pommy had interrupted, eyes alight with interest.

“Uncle George, are you to wed my dear employer? But this is beyond anything famous! When was it contrived? I had no inkling of it!”

The colonel blessed the comparative gloom of the carriage, lit only by two small candles in glass lanterns, for hiding the color he could feel burning in his cheeks. “Why, Pommy, it . . . that is to say—”

“She got him to ask her today,” said the Earl, unforgivably.

“Sir!” began the colonel furiously.

“I hope you are not planning to cry off?” challenged the Earl, eyes brightly wicked with amusement. “That was a very convincing maneuver you executed just before we left Portman Square.”

“It will be the best thing in the world for her!” cried Pommy with enthusiasm. “She has so needed a strong right arm!”

“And—er—other things.” The Earl was apparently enjoying the situation all too well. “Very therapeutic.”

“Milord,” Colonel Rand began ominously, “your levity leads you beyond what is acceptable.”

“Surely not unacceptable—within the marriage bond?” teased Milord.

But he had underestimated his opponent. In a voice they had not heard before, Colonel Rand inquired, silkily, “Have you forgotten that I am the head of Melpomene’s family, Austell? I should not wish to have to make different arrangements for her.”

There was a shocked silence, and then:

“A hit! A very palpable hit!” quoted Derek in a much subdued tone. “You must forgive me if I have transgressed the bounds of propriety in my speech, Rand. My excuse must be that I am little drunk with relief at having Pommy safe and secure with—with us.” In an excess of decorum he removed his arm from around the girl and sat back into his corner of the carriage. Pommy was too worried by the apparent coolness between the two men to offer any conversational gambits, and the rest of the ride, mercifully fairly short, was taken in silence. Pommy was first to be dropped off, the carriage then went round to the colonel’s lodging, and finally deposited the Earl at his own Town house with barely time to dress for Lady Masterson’s Ball.





Twenty



At ten o’clock precisely the spacious entrance hall at Number Three Portman Square began to resound to the thunder of the brass knocker. Mikkle waved a hand imperiously, and a white-bewigged footman hurried forward to open the door for the first arrivals. Lady Masterson, superb in violet satin and diamonds, waited to welcome her guests at the top of the great staircase. Standing beside her, Gareth was breathtakingly handsome in dark purple velvet with a mauve and silver waistcoat. Lord Austell, waiting nearby to lead the guests to the ballroom, wondered idly if they had planned their costumes to complement one another so effectively. But there was no time for idle musing, for Mikkle was directing a growing stream of guests to the stairway to be received by Lady Masterson. In the next half hour the door was never closed, and the guests gradually filled the ballroom.

Lady Masterson was radiant. Her gallant hussar had arrived promptly, looking larger than life in his splendid dress uniform. As he bent over her white hand, he murmured a special greeting which brought a rosy glow to Her Ladyship’s cheeks. Gareth, on the other hand, seemed ill at ease, turning his glance constantly toward the front door, and when, by ten-thirty, Miss Isabelle Boggs had not yet put in an appearance, he sought out his uncle who was acting as host in the ballroom until Lady Masterson left her post.

“Miss Boggs has not yet come,” Gareth said anxiously. “Can something have happened to her? Can her father have prevented her—?”

“My poor boy.” The earl commiserated with him. “If you intend to wed your Isabelle, you will be compelled to learn patience. It is my understanding that the lady is congenitally incapable of arriving anywhere on time. Shall you find that too annoying?”

“Not if I can be assured that she is safe,” averred the love-smitten youth stoutly. Then his face brightened. “We shall most likely spend the greatest part of our time at Tory Hall, and I shall be able to supervise her activities. I am confident I can soon teach her to be punctual!”

“My poor boy!” the Earl reiterated, moved by the sight of such cocksure innocence. However, being a kindly man as well as a very worldly one, he made no attempt to disillusion the deluded youth.

At this moment the orchestra struck up a stately tune, and the Earl prepared to lead his sister-in-law into the first figure. Gareth returned to the head of the stairway, ostensibly to welcome late-arriving guests, although Mikkle was quite capable of ushering any such to the ballroom. His devotion was awarded; the door opened one more time to reveal the beautiful Miss Bogs, awesomely lovely in white and gold, and accompanied correctly by her abigail. Gareth ran lightly down the stairs to welcome her.

He took her hand in his, and each stared into the other’s face with a sort of innocent satisfaction.

“Does your father know you are here?” asked Gareth presently, beginning to lead his love up the staircase to the ballroom.

“Oh, yes,” said Isabelle. “I had to tell him where I was going, at this hour in this dress. It is new. Do you like it?”

“It is the most beautiful dress I have ever seen,” Gareth said simply. “Or perhaps you are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.” He stopped on the stairs and scrutinized girl and dress carefully. “It is very pretty,” he decided, “but then I am sure I should think anything you wore was pretty.” He led her upward again. “You say your father found out you were coming here? He was not angry?”

“Far from it,” said Isabelle. “I should rather say, highly pleased. He thinks I am here to meet the Earl of Austell.”

Gareth halted her again, this time on the wide landing outside the ballroom. The first dance was coming to an end. Gareth said quickly, “You are to save all your dances for me, remember! And my uncle had better announce our engagement at supper—that is, after he announces my mother’s. Will that be agreeable to you, my dear Isabelle?”

“Your mother’s—? I am sure it will be agreeable to me, if you and she are happy about it. Whom is she to marry?”

“Pommy’s uncle, I believe, from what she says—although I was so late getting back here after rescuing Pommy that I got the merest outline. No, really, Isabelle,” when she evidenced a tendency to be curious about his afternoon’s adventure, “you have not answered my question, and it is more important than anything which occurred in Surrey—a very dull business indeed, for Pommy was apparently in no danger, and Chelm knocked Corcran down before I had a chance to call him out. No,” he resisted further inquiry on her part, “You must answer my question before everyone comes prying and gabbling and trying to get you away from me. What is your answer, Isabelle?”

“I forgot the question,” Miss Boggs confessed, with an enchantingly pretty smile.

Gareth beamed at her. “You are teasing me, little rogue! Or do you just wish for me to ask you again?”

“Yes,” said Miss Boggs, sensibly choosing the path of least resistance.

“Is Uncle Derek to announce our engagement during supper? Do say he may, Isabelle!”

“I should like that very well. Then Papa cannot force Lord Austell to marry me.”

“No one shall force you to marry anyone but me,” promised Gareth. “Ah! The dance is ended! Let us find my uncle and tell him what we have decided.”

While the two innocents were moving through the crowded room seeking Lord Austell, that nobleman was considering launching a search of his own. All the time he had been dancing with Lady Masterson, he had looked in vain for one slight, girlish figure. As the dance ended, he said to his sister-in-law in a voice charged with exasperation, “My dear Aurora, one can hardly see one’s hand before one’s face in this Arcadian gloom! Whose bird-brained idea was it to turn the ballroom into a bosky dell?”

“Mine,” said Her Ladyship crisply. “You’d like it too, if you had Melpomene on your arm instead of me.”

Recalled to his duty, the Earl grinned ruefully and said all that was proper to his hostess, and then, with a coaxing smile, added, “Dear Aurora, where is my Pommy?”

“In her room,” answered Lady Masterson.

The Earl’s smile vanished. “Why have you kept her there?”

“I?” asked Her Ladyship. “Both Gordon and I tried without avail to get the chit down here! She refuses to come!”

“Have you any idea why?”

“I think she is afraid I am going to embarrass you by announcing your engagement.”

“To whom?” thundered the Earl.

“For Heaven’s sake, Austell, moderate your voice!” commanded Her Ladyship. “You are attracting attention!”

“To whom?” gritted the Earl, sotto voce.

“Why, to Melpomene, of course,” replied Her Ladyship with a naughty smile. “It has given her such exquisite agony to plan to refuse you for your own good! She should be allowed one chance to be the Blighted Heroine!”

The Earl glared down at her. “Aurora, if you have put her off me with your tricks—!”

“If the chit is so easily put off, she could hardly have been said to be on, Derek,” advised his old friend. “Her room is the second door down the corridor after my sitting room.” Lady Masterson smiled and bowed to two middle-aged gallants who were bearing down on her purposefully. Behind them, to the rescue, loomed the colorful figure of Colonel Rand. “Get back her before supper,” she called softly after His Lordship’s departing figure. “You have two announcements to make!”

The Earl sent a piratical glance over his shoulder as he made ruthlessly for the door through the press. “Three!” he said.





When the Earl came to the door of Aurora’s sitting room, he counted two more doors carefully. Standing in the luxurious, well-lighted hallway, he made a Romantic figure indeed in his black velvet and white satin. He was a big, well-built man, with a handsome imperturbable face, and he well knew his world and his own position in it, yet he suddenly felt himself trembling with all the ardor and uncertainty of a callow youth. He raised his hand to knock, then hesitated. Sounds of music came faintly from the ballroom below. Squaring his shoulders, he rapped sharply.

“Who—who is it?” came Pommy’s voice from within.

“Whom would you wish it to be?” asked the Earl, pretending to insouciance he did not feel.

“Milord!” There was a sound of rapid footsteps, and the door was flung wide. Framed in the opening was a slender figure in softly shimmering white and silver. Upon her sweetly rounded breast, and moving with her breath, the Earl’s emerald matched the green fire in Pommy’s eyes.

“It is you! I was afraid—! That is—is anything wrong?”

The Earl was forced to take himself sternly in hand. He was finding the lovely little figure as dazzling as though he had been no more than the veriest youth.

“Yes, there is a great deal wrong,” he replied, unable to take his eyes from the piquant little face under the pile of night-black hair.” Are you going to ask me in, or must I announce the sad story to anyone passing in the hall?”

“Oh, come in, Milord!” urged Pommy, her face quick with alarm. “What has happened?”

Inside, with the door safely closed behind him, the Earl began to enjoy his game. “I am in deepest despair,” he announced quietly.

Pommy’s beautiful eyes opened even wider. “What is it, dear sir? Can you tell me?”

“I am about to be publicly humiliated,” intoned the Earl.

Pommy wrung her hands, her eyes on his. “How?”

“There is to be an announcement at supper—”

Pommy groaned. “Oh, yes! I knew it would be so! Can you not exercise enough control over Lady Masterson to prevent it?”

“I am to announce Lady Masterson’s engagement to—”

“Lady Masterson? But I thought she—my uncle—that is—”

“Yes, Her Ladyship is to marry your uncle,” said the Earl, with what he hoped was a heartbroken sigh.

“Does—does it distress you very greatly?” asked the girl, white faced.

Observing her anxious expression, the Earl took shame to himself and began to smile. “No, I’m delighted to get her off my hands,” he admitted coolly. “And I think Rand’s the very man who can manage her, and prevent any more of these naughty ploys of hers.”

Pommy looked puzzled. “But if you do not mind?” she began.

“That is not the whole of it,” said the Earl relentlessly. “I have also to announce Gareth’s engagement—”

“Oh, not to me, surely? He is so happy with his Isabelle!”

“To his Isabelle,” concluded Lord Austell. “And you do see where that leaves me, do you not?”

Pommy stared up into his dark, smiling face, her heart in her eyes. “No . . . that is, I do not quite see the problem as yet—”

“I shall be publicly humiliated! The only member of my immediate family not yet spoken for! Left to wither on the vine, unwanted, unregarded—! With the cream of Society present to witness my plight!”

Gradually, the expression on Pommy’s face changed. The Earl caught his breath, of a sudden most fearful that his dramatic scene had miscued. He watched her eyelids fall over the lustrous eyes. Long lashes shadowed her cheeks. She seemed in a daze.

“Pommy—my dearest girl—are you feeling all right?”

Waving this belated concern away with one hand, Pommy once again looked into his face. “And how had you hoped I might help you in this—imbroglio?”

The Earl took her hand in his. “I had hoped very much indeed that you might consent to allow me to make three announcements instead of two,” he said quietly, all laughter gone from his face.

“You consider me a suitable match?” asked the girl, directly.

“I am desperately hoping that you will consider a man who is no longer young, who lacks the fresh enthusiasm you deserve—”

“That is silly,” said Pommy forthrightly. “You must know you are wonderful.”

The Earl caught a joyful breath. “Would you care to enlarge upon that?”

His gaze was held by Pommy’s lovely eyes as closely as if he were mesmerized.

“You are more beautiful than Gareth and braver than the Colonel and much more fun to be with than Alan Corcran,” said Pommy succinctly. “In fact, you are the most wonderful man in the world.”

“I shall settle for that,” said the Earl, humbly, “as long as you continue to believe it. Oh, my dearest Pommy, please say you will marry me!”

“I love you,” Pommy continued clearly. “If you do not love me, I shall be unhappy as long as I live.”

The Earl’s head came up quickly from where he had bent it to kiss her hand. “Pommy, you are not going to decide to be Blighted and ruin my life, are you?”

“No,” said Pommy gently. “I have found that it is too painful to be Blighted when it is really so, and not a Romantic game.”

The Earl’s shoulders sagged with relief. “I have discovered that I am an even greater Romantic than you. For me, no ending will do but the classic one.”

“What?” asked Pommy, still dazed by the wonder of this whole conversation.

“Of course you know it! We must Live Happily Ever After,” the Earl instructed her, and took his Pommy into his arms.





THE DUKE’S DILEMMA





Elizabeth Chater





Table of Contents The Duke’s Dilemma

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28





Chapter 1





Lawyer Muir looked up expectantly as the door to his inner sanctum swung open sharply, and a magnificent male figure strode arrogantly into the musty room.

That the visitor was angry was immediately apparent. Samuel Muir thought he had seldom seen such blazing eyes in a human face—pure golden fire! And as the big, tawny-haired fellow stalked across the floor and seated himself without an invitation on a chair facing the desk, Muir experienced a slight frisson of alarm even while he reminded himself that his behavior had been faultlessly professional.

An uncomfortable silence stretched between the two men.

Finally Drogo Trevelyan said coldly, “You sent for me, Muir? I was under the impression we had settled all my late parents’ business six months ago.” The voice and the expression on the man’s countenance were under careful control, but the slight narrowing of heavy lids over the blazing eyes indicated anger close to the surface.

Summoning up his courage, Lawyer Muir said quietly, “I thank you for answering my request for a meeting so promptly, Your Grace. I hope you will accept my word that I would not have asked you to come here today had I not received some . . . rather disturbing information.”

“Not some further evidence of my unlamented father’s idiocy, I hope?” Trevelyan said nastily. “I had hoped we had settled all that! I told you I should not care to reopen Kenelm Place. It may fall to rack and ruin with my heartiest approval—”

“Someone is trying to buy it,” interrupted Muir. “Much of the common land around the estate has already been sold. One or two of the smaller domains in the county, which border upon your holdings, have a new owner. And last week I received an offer for Kenelm.”

“From whom?” demanded the duke sharply. “Why have I not been advised of this . . . activity?”

The lawyer forbore to remind his irascible client that the latter had given express instructions that he was not to be bothered with any further details about the estate. Instead he addressed himself to the first question.

“Possibly the most puzzling aspect of the situation,” admitted the lawyer, “is the fact that we cannot discover who the purchaser of all these properties is. He is represented by an extremely . . . astute”—his tone expressed strong disapproval—“member of my profession, who is unwilling to divulge the name of his client. I would have asked you to discuss this matter with me sooner, milord, but I had hoped to have more specific information for you. As it is, my clerks have discovered that the . . . ah . . . purchaser has secured several parcels of land, enough to completely surround Your Grace’s estate, with one exception.”

The blond giant seated across the desk relaxed for the first time since he had entered the lawyer’s chambers. Settling his big frame more comfortably in the armchair, he stared at his man-of-law. It was plain that the little mystery of the Unknown Purchaser had been enough to banish the anger the duke had felt at being summoned by Muir. A light of interest glowed in the striking eyes, and the handsome face relaxed into a faint grin.

“Are you suggesting that the mysterious owner of the one unsold piece of property may be trying to control the whole county, Muir? Which estate is it, by the way?”

“It is the ancestral estate of the Earls of Endale, Your Grace,” replied Muir. “You may not have heard—traveling abroad for the last few years as you have been—that the former holder of the title was killed in a very unusual accident just a few months ago. The current earl is a boy of nine. His guardian is, I believe, a distant relative, and next in line for the title.”

There was a short silence as the two men considered the situation.

Then the duke said, slowly, “I had made a decision never to return to a place which held nothing but ugly memories for me—as you are no doubt aware, Muir.”

The lawyer raised his shaggy gray eyebrows. “I have indeed been made aware of Your Grace’s decision.” He nodded grimly. “Still, in this rather unusual set of circumstances, perhaps—?” He peered at his client from under his eyebrows.

His Grace the Duke of Kenelm rose to his full noble height and stretched as unselfconsciously as a great cat. A rather savage grin twisted his well-shaped lips. “You have managed to arouse my interest, Muir! I think I shall travel down into the wilds of Sussex and investigate this mystery of the Unknown Purchaser. If I dislike him sufficiently, I may even permit him to buy Kenelm Place. That will teach him to covet other men’s property! You may instruct your clerks to prepare a full report of whatever information you have been able to collect, and bring it to my town house tomorrow morning.” With a casual nod of the leonine head, the duke departed, leaving his man-of-law to stare at the empty doorway with a curiously satisfied smirk.





Chapter 2





The Earl of Endale was crying.

As a general rule, he was well able to control his emotions, and had indeed been demonstrating that control surprisingly well during the last forty-eight hours of desperate flight, but even a self-possessed nine-year-old may be forgiven for breaking down a little when he is hungry, bitterly cold and wet, and badly frightened because his eldest sister lies unconscious at his feet.

Lord Daryl, the Right Honorable the Earl of Endale, knelt down and pulled her head up against his shoulder. “Leslie!” he cried. “Wake up! Are you sick? Oh, Leslie!”

From behind him, inside the great hole in the blasted oak tree, where Leslie had just finished tucking his other two sisters on beds of hastily gathered leaves, came the faintest of whimpers. It was enough to remind him of his role as Protector and Head of the Family.

“Don’t you start crying,” he commanded his fourteen-year-old sister Hilary, who was notoriously prone to emotional excesses. Daryl was well aware that he had better take firm charge of the situation or have a chorus of wailing sisters joining his own cry of dismay. He tried for the light touch, which Leslie had so carefully drilled in him all his life. He drew a steadying breath and spoke quietly.

“It is bad enough for me to be a watering pot, Hilary, without you and Meredith adding to the damp!”

A hesitant chuckle from Hilary greeted his feeble sally. Then Meredith, the sensible ten-year-old, rallied to his assistance. She said practically, “That branch must have struck her when she was trying to drag it down to hide our refuge. Let’s pull her inside the shelter and try to keep warm by huddling together. Could we make a fire, Daryl, do you think?”

“I doubt we could get one started in this cloudburst,” the earl answered, beginning at once to haul his sister’s limp form into the gaping hole in the tree trunk. Meredith assisted him neatly, going first and cradling Leslie’s head with loving care. She even darted outside once more and dragged the heavy, rotting tree limb against the opening of the shelter.

“Now no one will be able to tell that we have taken refuge in here.” She nodded her satisfaction.

“Do you . . . suppose Leslie will . . . wake up soon?” quavered Hilary. “Oh, what shall we do if she . . . if she . . .”

At this crucial moment, Leslie stirred and uttered a faint moan of pain. All three of her siblings gathered close to her in the dim light, patting or stroking any portion of her they could reach, and murmuring reassurances. Leslie opened her eyes, blinked rapidly to clear her vision, and peered at her companions. A lovely smile warmed and transformed her pale face.

“We are safe!” she breathed. She bent a particularly admiring smile upon the earl, ignoring the tearstains on his cheeks. “Thank you, Endale! I knew you could manage the thing!”

The earl blushed, but refused to accept the praise. “It was Meredith and Hilary who helped drag you inside. They were brave and quick.”

“You are all heroes—or heroines, as the case may be.” The seventeen-year-old girl managed a weak chuckle. Her head was still ringing oddly from the blow of the heavy branch, but she realized how important a calm demeanor was at this moment. “Now we must share some food and then try to snuggle together for warmth, dear ones. It will soon be dawn, I think, and we are safely hidden in this cozy refuge! Perhaps we can even fall asleep for a few hours.”

Pulling open the heavy bag that she had tied around her slender waist, Leslie portioned out the last of the oaten cakes she had snatched from the manor kitchen two nights ago, just before she led her brother and sisters away from the home that had become a terrifying prison to them all. The children were now so hungry and tired that they munched the food without stopping to talk. When every last crumb had been devoured, Leslie brought out the earthenware flagon she had taken, and carefully removed the stopper.

“What Miss Wheaton would say to my giving you French brandy, I can imagine only too well!” she teased, as she offered a tiny sip to each child. “However, it is warming, and will help us all to get some sleep.” She drained the last small portion herself.

Then, gathering the children to her with loving arms, she instructed them all to sleep quietly, for they must be as silent and wary as baby birds in a nest.

Whether because of the brandy, the exhaustion of their little bodies, or the warmth of Leslie’s love, within a few minutes the children were fast asleep, huddling close to the big sister who had stolen them out of the dangerous situation in which they had found themselves.





Although she was wearier than she had ever been in her life, Leslie found that she could not close her eyes. Images of the last terrible weeks kept rising in her memory. As though the unexpected, terrible death of their beloved parents had not been agony enough, the resultant new regime, under the guardianship of their father’s cousin, March Wardell, ushered in a time of such fear and insecurity as the young Endales had never experienced. The Wardells had appeared on the very day after the fatal accident, and announced to the stunned servants that they would be taking over the manor and the children. They refused to let the children attend the funeral, explaining that they were too young to be subjected to such a painful situation. When the family lawyer arrived to read the will, March Wardell sat in the library beside the nine-year-old inheritor of the title, and suggested reasonably enough that he, as the next in line, had better take up residence and manage affairs until the boy reached his majority. Twelve years!

Leslie shivered now, in the hollow of the tree, as she had done, seated properly behind the new earl and his cousin March Wardell. How could any of them bear the domination of this frightening man for twelve years? Yet what could she say? The lawyer was explaining to them all that since the former earl, thinking himself too young to worry about such matters, had appointed no official guardian, it might be expedient to accept the kindly offer of the next of kin. The lawyer, although he had not previously met Mr. Wardell, had done some inquiring into his bona fides before coming down to Endale from London. He had discovered, first, that Wardell was indeed the earl’s cousin several degrees removed; second, that there was no scandal connected with his name in London, where he had been living for a number of years; and third, that he had two years previously married the daughter of a very prosperous merchant, recently deceased. In fact, both Wardells were still properly and appropriately robed in black.

The fact that there had been no commerce between the families did not remove the validity of the blood tie. With a well-concealed reluctance, Lawyer Nord informed the children that they were now to accept Mr. Wardell as their guardian, and render courteous obedience to him and to his wife, a silent female whose small black eyes were always decorously lowered.

For a while, absorbed as she had been in her grief for their parents, Leslie had not realized how thoroughly the new guardians were entrenching themselves. Old, faithful servants were dismissed, usually with a large gratuity, which caused the neighbors and the other servants to comment on the generosity of the new man. When Leslie began to be aware of what was going on, she did not at first feel apprehension, but rather, a sense of loss. But then she realized that it was the older servants, loyal and partisan, who were being shipped to other parts of England, or settled into almshouses in more comfortable climes. And there began to grow in the girl a strong feeling that all was not the charity and light the Wardells were so busy proclaiming.

Her suspicions were aroused by the gradual hardening of their guardian’s attitude toward the little earl. The boy was constantly being challenged, probed, tested—and harassed. Several times Leslie found him in his room, trying to stifle his tears in the heavy bolster on the great bed his parents had once shared. By dint of careful questioning, she got him to admit that Cousin Wardell was constantly reminding him that his father was dead, and that the son was not a fit replacement, either in talent, temperament, or age.

After one of these sessions, when she had left the exhausted little boy asleep, Leslie realized that she would have to heed the increasing number of signs that all was not well. She did not, at that point, entertain the fears she was soon to develop. It was after March brought home the new stallion he had bought for the earl, and with it a heavy-featured groom, that all her doubts and fears were resolved into a desperate determination.

Of course, all the family came out to the stables to see the gift. Mrs. Wardell, as usual silent, but with a meek, nervous smile on her lips, had bought a new riding habit for her husband’s ward. When she had him dressed in it, she led him out to the stables, where March waited to throw the boy up on his new horse. Daryl was a brave boy, but Leslie felt a real chill of alarm as she saw how very small he looked upon the big animal. March presented him with a new, silver-topped whip. Then, with a wide, mirthless smile, he shouted, “Go, Endale!” and struck the stallion with his own crop.

Leslie did not hear her own cry as she raced out of the stables after the galloping horse. The beast was pounding across the rough cobbles of the stable yard, sparks flying as his great, metal-shod hooves struck the stones. He was headed directly for the stone wall.

Frozen with horror, she knew the child would not be able to handle the terrified animal, yet she was powerless to aid Daryl or to turn away from the sight of his small body as he sawed away on the reins and called out to the beast.

And then, beast and boy, they were over the wall.

A few heartbeats later, the horse came into view, riderless, careening across the inner paddock.

Leslie’s eyes went to the face of their guardian. There was nothing to be read from his expression, neither proper anxiety nor sly gratification. It was such a blank, shuttered countenance as Leslie had never seen. And then his eyes met hers, and he was wearing the self-possessed smile with which they were all familiar. Calling the horrified grooms and stableboys to follow, he led the way at a run toward the wall.

Leslie was at his shoulder all the way.

When they reached the wall, it was to see a small, crumpled form in the bushes that grew wild against the far side. While Leslie was scrambling over, her brother lifted his small head and stared, dazed, up into her face.

“I feel,” he said slowly. “I lost the reins.”

“I’ve never seen a neater toss,” Leslie said cheerfully, before anyone else could speak. “Let me check you for bruises now, Endale, and then we’ll have you back up again before that untamed beast has time to decide he has bested you!” Her eyes moved quickly around the circle of faces bending above the earl. On every face, even March’s, was surprise and a dawning respect. Leslie kept her glance on March for a moment, trying to catch and hold his eyes, but his glance slid beyond her and fastened on the boy.

“Are you sure you are not hurt?” There was no note of warmth in the flat voice. “Perhaps you should let me carry you back to the house.”

“Thank you, sir, I am well enough.” Daryl managed a smile as he pulled himself to his feet. “Endale doesn’t give up that easily, you know!” he added, and was rewarded by a spontaneous cheer from the assembled servants.

“No,” said Wardell, and he carried the boy to his room.

After that day, Leslie knew she must get Daryl away as quickly as possible. Yet now, wet, cold, hungry, she wondered if her wild plan would result in even greater harm for the earl.

She did not close her eyes until long after dawn broke, gray with swollen clouds and occasional heavy showers.





Chapter 3





Drogo Trevelyan moved restlessly against the squabs of his elegant carriage as it jolted and lurched its way into the country. Night was falling, and a cold, miserable, rainy night it was promising to be. He had been delayed in leaving London, having found the report brought to his town house by Samuel Muir’s clerk to be as provocative as the lawyer had indicated. He took time to read it carefully, and spent another hour deciding upon his own course of action.

There was another reason for his delay, which the young Duke refused to acknowledge—a powerful reluctance to return to his ancestral home.

Drogo and his father had never seen eye to eye about anything during the whole of their stormy relationship. The old duke, a late convert to a covenanting sect after a rakehelly youth and a dissolute middle age, had raged self-righteously every time a new rumor concerning his only son’s profligacy reached him—which was every time the post was delivered or an acquaintance called. Members of the ton, many of whom had suffered the caustic tongue or the cruel behavior of the former roué, enjoyed taunting him with on dit about the flagrant exploits of his heir. Like father, like son, they would snicker or sneer.

At first Drogo, unable to believe in the pious diatribes to which he was subjected every time he encountered his papa, tried to avoid such encounters by staying away from Kenelm Place as much as possible. The crisis came when Drogo attempted to run a rig against his best friend, Lord Philip Sandron, at a hunt dinner and ball attended by a galaxy of social stars. True, Drogo was bored, and jealous of his friend’s good fortune in securing as his wife a darling girl whom Drogo had hoped to make his own mistress. It was a nasty little trick he had attempted to play, but unfortunately for him, his plan failed—publicly.

Of course, half the guests at the ball had rushed to report the embarrassing incident to the old duke. He had summoned his son to Kenelm Place and issued an ultimatum. Any further licentious behavior would result in the immediate stoppage of the heir’s allowance, and confinement to his father’s estate until further notice.

Sore from the public humiliation, and suffering, oddly enough, pangs of conscience that he refused to admit, Drogo left for the Continent that very day, without bidding anyone farewell or even announcing his departure to his father. Luckily for the angry young man, he had ample funds from his mother’s estate to cushion him for the rest of his life, if need be.

In the event, he only needed them for three years, during which time he made a name for himself in the more sophisticated capitals of Europe. One morning, awaking late with a wretched head from his indulgences of the night before, he was handed a message from his family’s man-of-law to the effect that, his father being deceased, Drogo was the new Duke of Kenelm, and his presence in London was most urgently required.

He had come back to England, and those who remembered his earlier excesses were agog to watch what they hoped would be even more outrageous behavior. In this they were, surprisingly, disappointed. Oh, Drogo Trevelyan was even better looking than he had been three years earlier, big and tawny-blond and powerful, but the roguish gleam was gone from his golden eyes, the ready smile from his well-cut lips, and he no longer took his pleasures flamboyantly. He had acquired, either by painful experience or deliberate design, a cool, daunting, cynical facade, which effectively concealed his emotions.

Even in the darkening shadows of his elegant coach, the young duke’s handsome face revealed nothing of the distaste he felt at the very thought of reentering a house that had never been a home to him. His mother, an Austrian aristocrat, had become in her later years a chronic invalid, more distressed by the wretched climate and hopelessly dull society of England than by her husband’s notorious infidelities. His father, when he deigned to notice his family, was selfish, cruel, and insensitive. In fact, for Drogo, Kenelm Place was the scene of the most unhappy experiences of his life. It had been almost with relief that he had heard his father’s ultimatum. On that day, Drogo had resolved never to return to his father’s home again.

Yet, here he was, going back to the decaying monument to Trevelyan arrogance. Well, he wouldn’t be expected to stay there, thank God! The very thought of the leaking roof, the cobwebbed rooms, the dusty, sour-smelling furniture, caused Drogo to wrinkle his fine, straight nose in disgust. He had sent a groom riding ahead to book a suite of rooms at the Kenelm Arms, the best inn the county boasted. Tonight he would dine well, and drink enough of the run-brandy to insure a sound sleep. Tomorrow would be soon enough to call upon the neighborhood intelligencers and listen to gossip about the mysterious stranger who was buying up property. It might even be that he would not have to go near Kenelm Place at all.





Chapter 4





Leslie permitted herself to doze only briefly during the long day, rousing herself frequently to observe the condition of the children. Their little faces, pale and strained even in slumber, tore at her heart. Had she made a dreadful mistake in removing them clandestinely from their home? Were her suspicions of their guardian only silly nonsense, built out of loneliness and loss and adolescent fears? What if her action in stealing her brother and sisters from the only home they had ever known should result in illness or injury?

Then her natural strength of character would rouse itself, and she would remind herself that anything, even such rough usage as they were facing, was better than one more day’s stay in a house that had been subtly taken over by the blandly smiling March Wardell and his silent wife. Remembering March’s fixed smirk and hooded eyes, Leslie knew that no precautions could be too great to protect her brother and sisters from that mockery of concern.

She had no need to remind herself that the cousin-guardian was the next heir to the earldom after Daryl.

Why had she not found the courage to mention her fears to any of her parents’ friends? Leslie sighed. No one would have believed her, and she knew it. She had to admit that Cousin March had not made a single overtly hostile move against his ward. He had lost no time in presenting himself to the neighborhood as a kind and considerate man. His servants made sure everyone heard of the gift of a fine new horse to console the newly orphaned earl. It was surely not Wardell’s fault that the horse had turned out to be a vicious brute, or that Daryl’s inevitable fall might have caused the boy serious injury or death. After all, the guardian had refused permission for the boy to try to remount the savage animal—as his oldest sister so irresponsibly had urged—lest further injury might occur. The demeaning effect of that refusal on the boy was not mentioned.

Nor could blame be put upon the alarmed guardian when a fire broke out in Daryl’s bedroom the very night after the incident with the horse. The blaze might have had serious consequences had not Leslie, sleeping in the room next to Daryl’s noticed the smoke and dashed in to rescue her little brother. The next morning Wardell invited several of their neighbors to share coffee and honor the heroine of the event. He spoke gently of an excited child’s nightmare, and an overturned candle. Or—with a forgiving smile—of a child’s natural love of mischief, perhaps? After all, the boy had been unhappy at his guardian’s refusal to let him remount the gift-horse. There was a general shaking of heads, and one or two rather minatory glances at the young earl, brought in to assure family friends that he was indeed safe. When someone asked if the cause of the fire had been determined, March said regretfully that the bedroom had been almost completely gutted before the sleepy servants could be organized to put the fire out.

The County bigwigs, who had been inclined to resent the arrival of March Wardell and his plebeian wife into their closed little society, began to say that the heir was showing a good deal of patience with his young charges, considering their behavior. Leslie was not sure how the rumors had started, but one of her mother’s old friends paid her a visit especially to advise her to restrain her brother’s resentment, and that of her sisters, against their guardian.

“For you must admit, Leslie, that the poor man was not to blame for your papa’s accident, and he and that wife of his are trying to protect and advise you to the best of their ability,” Lady Dilvish admonished her. “It cannot be an easy thing to be saddled with the responsibility and care of four children, when one has never had any of one’s own!”

Leslie agreed quietly that it must indeed be a burden, and that she would make sure her siblings were reminded of their manners. But even as she spoke, the girl felt a dreadful conviction that the fall from the horse and the unexplained fire had not been accidents at all, but cold-blooded attacks upon her brother’s life.

And so she had concocted the plan to escape from their breached and endangered home, and to hide out in the now deserted mansion of the Duke of Kenelm. Its former master, a wicked man well hated in the county in which he had been the most powerful nobleman, had died a few months ago. It was public knowledge that the old reprobate had joined an obscure religious cult in his latter days, and had been, moreover, as mad as a March hare for years.

His son, banished by the father three years earlier for reasons Leslie could only speculate upon, had never come back, even for his father’s funeral. County gossip said he had vowed never to return, but to let his ancestral home fall into decay. True enough, the place was in a wretched state of disrepair. The only custodian was a surly middle-aged fellow named Dawls, who had been hired by Lawyer Muir to keep a token watch over the estate. Dawls lived in the crumbling gate house near the front gateway and, according to village opinion, maintained a very casual surveillance indeed. Everyone said smugly that the estate was a disgrace to the neighborhood, and it was all the new duke’s fault.

Leslie’s plan, simply, had been to seek refuge for her siblings in the abandoned main residence, where surely March Wardell would never think of looking for them. She hoped to stay hidden there until it was safe to board a stagecoach for London, where her father’s great-aunt, Lady Bella Endale, lived. This aged but socially impeccable female was the leader of a small, select coterie of dames who did not trouble their heads about the rest of the beau monde, since they knew themselves to be superior to all of it. The ancient female wielded a great deal of power. The fact that she had heartily disapproved of her great-nephew and his wife—she had not even deigned to attend their funeral—was not important, Leslie told herself. When the old woman was presented with the story of the vicious gift-horse and the mysterious fire in the young earl’s bedroom, she would surely offer to house the children, her own flesh and blood, until a real investigation could be made. Certainly it would be impossible for Wardell to arrange an accident to the little earl while the boy was living in the old dragon’s residence.

Pulling herself back to the grim present, Leslie was encouraged to observe that the children were sleeping more peacefully in their unconventional nest. They would be better able to bear the rigors of the coming night—the final one upon the road, Leslie hoped—after this short rest. The girl breathed a silent prayer for their safety until she could get them on a stagecoach for London.

Of course she would not try to wheedle sanctuary from Dawls. The man was reported to be a surly recluse, scarcely sparing a word to the tradespeople who sold him supplies. Had not Lawyer Muir continued to pay the bills without question, it is doubtful if any tradesman worthy of his salt would have given Dawls so much as the time of day. These facts being well-known, Leslie did not hope to enlist the active aid of the custodian. In fact, she had planned to sneak into the mansion before dawn. She had never visited Kenelm Place, but she’d heard enough, during her seventeen years at Endale, to have a pretty good idea of the architecture of the mansion, as well as its current state of disrepair.

Her plan was a simple one. As soon as it became dark enough, she would rouse her little band and set out for Kenelm Place. She expected to reach it before dawn. Once within the building, she would make her sisters and brother comfortable in the cleanest of the bedrooms. No matter how dusty the furniture, the beds would at least be softer and drier than wet leaves and damp moss! Then, while the children rested, Leslie would find water for them to drink and wash in when they awoke, and food they could eat. There must be pantries and storerooms that would still hold remnants of the providence of the former housekeeper; if not, there were root cellars or even the neglected home farm to be searched for enough food to sustain life until the little party reached London.

Once she had them in the stagecoach, Leslie was sure she could manage. Pinned within her bodice she had a silk purse containing several coins, gifts from her father during happier times, surely more than enough for the fare. As for clean clothing to replace the wet, dirty garments they now wore—which would proclaim to all and sundry that they were waifs or even fugitives—Leslie had an idea she could find a supply. Had not Miss Wheaton, who had been their governess until Cousin Wardell dismissed her, once mentioned the treasures to be found in the extensive attics of all great houses? And had she not proved her point by leading the wide-eyed children up to the vast spaces beneath the roof of their own beloved home, and opening the trunks and boxes full of fascinating objects, costumes of velvet and silk, absurd shoes, carved ivory fans, reticules, even a carved wooden box containing two pistols? There were treasures enough to keep the young Endales entertained throughout one long rainy day.

Leslie assured herself that there would be similar trunks in the attics at Kenelm. She set her small jaw firmly as she considered that she would raid them ruthlessly for the benefit of the fugitives. No one cared what happened to the Place or anything in it, she reminded herself. Certainly not its legal owner, the licentious Duke of Kenelm, who had been widely quoted as saying that the whole house could fall to rack and ruin with his blessing!

But of course, he would never know that his little-regarded belongings were going to serve a useful purpose for some of the neighbors he so openly disdained.





Chapter 5





Everyone at the Kenelm Arms, from its host, George Cross, to the lowliest kitchen drudge, was aware of the exact moment when Drogo Trevelyan, the Most Noble the Duke of Kenelm, entered the premises. Had not His Grace’s groom informed all and sundry that his master would be arriving shortly, and wouldn’t relish being fobbed off with anything less than the best rooms in the house? This had been said with an overweening pomposity that set everyone’s teeth on edge, and did absolutely nothing to redeem the unpleasant reputation that the county’s most important nobleman already bore.

However, a duke was a duke, and his money was as good as anyone else’s, and probably more plentiful than most. Host Cross came forward to bid his noble guest welcome, but found his fawning servilities halting on his lips as he absorbed the impact of the massive, handsome male striding toward him, the light from the inn lamps turning his unpowdered hair to shining gold. A closer look at the cat-yellow eyes trained so dauntingly upon his own countenance further disconcerted the innkeeper.

There was a brief, uncomfortable silence.

Then His Grace said quietly, “I am Kenelm. I presume my rooms are ready?”

Thus prodded, Host Cross turned without another word and led the way to the best suite of rooms the house boasted. From the silent scrutiny these received, the duke was not impressed.

“Will there be anything . . . Can I get Your Worship a bite to eat?” Cross faltered.

“Rather more than a bite, I should hope,” said the duke coldly, in a tone that bore witness to the fact that he did not expect much from such a raggle-taggle establishment.

“Within ten minutes, Your Grace,” promised Cross, anxious to remove himself from so much overpowering arrogance as quickly as possible. He exhaled heavily on his way down the stairs, and mopped his red face, but managed to present at least an appearance of savoir faire to the eagerly clustering servants and village loungers gathered in the great hallway and spilling in from the ordinary in hopes of some crumbs of information. He got a good deal of satisfaction out of dispersing these gape-seeds and, a trifle restored in self-esteem, bustled into the kitchen to demand the finest cuisine the cook could produce.

“And I only hope it’s worth eating, Mrs. Cross,” he warned his flustered wife. “That one’s a Tartar, and no mistake! Worse than his pa ever was!”

The object of this commotion strode through the inn’s finest suite with an air of scornful dissatisfaction, then turned to his silent valet with a terse command to get him out of his greatcoat and set up water for washing. By the time the first of the inn waiters made a timid knocking upon the door to the sitting room, the duke was more comfortably attired in well-fitting evening clothes. With the removal of his Hessian boots, His Grace’s temper seemed to have improved a little, and he even gave the last and smallest of the maidservants a pleasant smile.

This had the effect of putting her into a delighted flutteration; she handed the hot loaf she carried directly to the duke, rather than to the senior waiter.

When the servants were finally sent from the room by the duke’s valet, Parsons, Drogo lifted those tawny eyes from the feast that had been set up for him.

“Go down now and get your own meal,” he advised Parsons. “And don’t look so glum. The food’s a damn sight better here than you’d get at Kenelm Place! If I had gone there, you would probably have found yourself doing the cooking and cleaning.”

Drogo observed the look of honor on Parsons’ face with the first grin that had crossed his lips in several days. After the valet left, however, the duke’s countenance once more assumed its habitual arrogance. He bitterly resented having to return to the place that had never been home to him, which held no memories of joy or affection or even friendly companionship. Still, if someone was trying to steal out from under his nose the lands his family had owned for several hundred years, Drogo Trevelyan, wished to know who was attempting the theft, and why.

Tomorrow he would visit the wretched pile. And then he would probably have to call upon some of the other landowners in the county, and try to find out what they knew of this Mysterious Purchaser. His well-cut lips curled disdainfully at the necessity of palavering with those rustic bumpkins, and he asked himself why he bothered to defend a holding that he had never loved nor wanted. Perhaps, he decided, it was because he had always been jealous of what was his own, and the idea of anyone daring to steal something that was his, even if he didn’t want it himself, was enraging to him. The purchaser, whoever he was, had better have a good reason and offer a generous price. And even then, I shall probably refuse to sell, Drogo thought viciously. I would rather let the place fall into dust than see it belong to someone else.

Feeling not at all guilty over such a dog-in-the-mangerish attitude, the duke finished his meal with an excellent smuggled brandy. He sat a long time over the cognac, his hooded golden eyes fixed blindly on the far wall, thinking about the few facts that Muir’s clerks had been able to discover.





Chapter 6





The last hours of their secret flight were worse than anything that had gone before, Leslie thought, holding desperately to her self-control. The first disaster was missing the way through unfamiliar land, and losing two hours before she could reorient herself by the hazardous expedient of leaving the safe obscurity of the deep woods in order to find and follow one of the traveled roads.

To Leslie’s alarm, when the little group did emerge cautiously near one of the country roads, they discovered it to be surprisingly busy. Granted, the rain had passed, and a full moon shone quite brightly in a cloud-free sky, making travel by coach or horseback quite possible. On the other hand, there was normally very little traffic upon these roads at night, as Leslie was well aware. She had carefully avoided the great highway to London, using only the less frequented lanes and byways when she was forced to leave the woods.

She had been so sure that March Wardell would not let the little earl slip out of his clutches without a struggle that she saw his stout, menacing shape in every shadow, and felt her nerves tingle at every sound she could not immediately identify. And now there were new challenges. The duke’s estate was guarded by a high stone wall, so stoutly built that even years of neglect had not breached its security. It would be impossible for the children to climb it. There were two ways to get in, she knew: the massive front entrance, guarded by metal gates that had been, of late years, kept chained and locked; and the rear entrance, for servants, farmers, and tradespeople. These latter gates of stout wood were kept latched, true, but Leslie had heard mocking comments at the futility of such puny guards. What use to chain up the front like a fortress, sneered the villagers, when the rear gaped open night and day, an invitation to any Romany tinker who chanced to pass that way? Indeed, it was just such a derisory remark that had given the girl, desperate to protect her little brother, the idea for a possible refuge.

But tonight, in the revealing moonlight, it had not been easy to avoid the unusually heavy traffic upon the road that led around to the rear of the enormous estate. Alarmed by the increasing light that betokened the coming of dawn, and by the wordless exhaustion of her little group, Leslie decided to brave the easier going at the middle of the road.

She was leading her sisters and brother rapidly along when a muffled thudding of hooves caught her attention. The sounds came from behind her, and warned her that riders were approaching fast. Without a moment’s hesitation, she gave the low command that she had taught the children meant instant obedience, and guided them off the road and into the underbrush. There was not even time for them to worm themselves into deeper hiding in the bushes before the thudding became the rapid pounding of horses’ hooves.

More horses than one. Within moments, Leslie was privileged to behold her cousin March and Prenn, his groom, galloping toward her, faces grimly intent as they scanned the verges of the narrow road.

In a flashing moment the two riders were past and pounding away toward the rear of the estate. The girl caught her breath in a fearful gulp. She tried to compose herself as she faced the children huddling on the ground near her.

“I think we fooled them neatly,” she heard herself saying, and marveled that her voice came out so firm and confident. “I’m proud of you! You would make good scouts for an army.”

“I think I am going to be sick,” announced Hilary in anguished tones. “Did you see the way Cousin March was glaring at us? I was sure he had spotted us!”

“If he had, he would be here right now,” countered Meredith reasonably. “Why would he ride on if he’d seen us?”

Hilary groaned at this sensible question, and refused to answer it. Instead she complained, “You are so prosaic, Meredith! Have you no sensitivity at all? Do you not realize that our very lives are in danger—?”

“That,” said Leslie firmly, “will be quite enough of that, Hilary! We have diddled Cousin March very neatly. He and Prenn have gone; we are safe for the moment.” She looked at Daryl, who was sitting silently under a bush, staring out at the road from a white, weary little face. As she watched him, he sneezed, violently, three times.

He is sick! her mind wailed. I have made the boy ill with my insane scheme! I only wanted to protect him—

Then common sense took over, and Leslie forced a smile. “Bless you, Daryl! I can see we must get under cover, all of us, if we wish to avoid putrid sore throats.”

This threat, with its reminder of aching heads and bodies and painful coughing spells, brought all her little group to instant attention and willingness to obey. Leslie thought rapidly. Surely Cousin March could have no real knowledge of her goal, or indeed of her plan to escape. He must be totally confused, lashing about like an angry animal at their disappearance. Of course, the sudden absence of all the Endale children would be a nine days’ wonder in the county, and even in London. Impossible to conceal such an event! The next heir would inevitably be questioned, challenged, whispered about. It was no wonder he was scouring the roads with that anxious glare! He needed to find them, and find them safe and sound, lest his own reputation be smirched. A fine guardian he was proving to be! Perhaps the coincidences of the savage horse and the destructive fire would assume a weightier significance when considered in conjunction with the total disappearance of the earl and his sisters.

Leslie took comfort in that thought. Still, she could not rely upon aroused public curiosity to protect Daryl from his heir. It was most likely that March would furbish up some clever explanation for the loss of the children. A gypsy kidnapping, perhaps? Or worse, the willful flight of spoiled children too resentful of their kindly guardian to consider the pain and anxiety they were causing him! Leslie set her teeth. She would never permit them to be dragged back to Endale and held up to public censure as petulant ingrates! For one thing, the next contrived “accident” might prove fatal.

So. She could not take a chance on March finding them before they reached London and the safety of Lady Bella’s residence. It was clear that March and his servants were out scouring the roads. No telling how many persons had been recruited to aid in the search, nor what plans the heir had. He could be simply covering all the roads, inquiring at every inn and hospital, even searching barns and outbuildings. Since he was on this road, used only as an access to the rear of Kenelm Place, might it be supposed that he suspected the children would try for sanctuary there? Leslie shook her head. She was convinced, perhaps by some desperation she had glimpsed in March’s face as he flashed past, that her cousin was rushing about aimlessly, covering all the roads and byways in search of his quarry. Perhaps he even had his servants combing the woods and empty commons. They could be coming up behind her at this very moment!

Casting one worried glance to the rear, Leslie drew a sustaining breath. She must move forward quickly with her little party of refugees, and get them under cover. She turned to the silent, frightened children.

“This is not a setback,” she told them quietly. “It seems to me that Cousin March is at his wit’s end, and is riding the roads because he doesn’t know what else to do. If he dares to invade the duke’s estate, he will discover from Dawls that we have not been seen there—”

“And he’ll be sent away with a flea in his ear,” added Meredith with a grin. The surly custodian had earned a reputation in the neighborhood. “I wish I might be there to see it!”

Leslie smiled back at her sensible sister. “It’s a great advantage to us if he’s told we haven’t been seen at Kenelm. That will turn Cousin March off, and leave us free to press on to our goal. Of course, we’ll have to move through the bushes, and behind the hedgerows, instead of walking along the road—at least until we’re sure Cousin March won’t be back this way. . . .”

Daryl sneezed again, three deep, convulsive gasps that struck at Leslie’s very heart. Taking his small, cold hand and Hilary’s in her warmer ones, she smiled at Meredith and said brightly, “Tallyho! Endale is going to help his poor old sister through this murky dawn to safety!”

Wordlessly the little boy began to walk, eyes fixed grimly on the distant point where the rear entrance to the duke’s estate broke the wall. It was, Leslie thought in despairing pity, the worst part of the whole nightmare attempt to escape. But if only they could reach the dilapidated Place, the worst would be over. She comforted herself with that hope as the dreadful journey dragged on.





In the event, Leslie’s plan was accomplished with ridiculous ease. There was no one about when she laboriously unlatched the rear gates, swung them open, and led her brother and sisters inside the stable yard at Kenelm Place. Telling them to remain quiet until she made sure there would be no sign of their entry, she manhandled the massive, creaking gates closed again, and even succeeded in latching them. Then, after a swift reconnaissance, she led the subdued, exhausted children up to the kitchen entrance.

Again, anticlimax. The heavy door creaked open under her tentative pushing, and they slipped quietly into the shadowy great kitchen. Leslie swung the door shut and turned to grin joyously at the children.

“Safe, my dear ones! We’ve done it! Endale triumphant!” she quoted the family motto. Weary little faces lit up in response to her smile of relief and satisfaction.

But Leslie did not relax her vigilance for a moment. Swinging the small, drooping figure of the earl into her arms, she led the way out of the kitchen, into the vast, cluttered entrance hall of the mansion. Wending her way cautiously up the sweeping staircase, she directed her little band into one of the huge, musty-smelling bedrooms.

The sight of the massive bed was like a beacon in a storm to the children. Too tired to run, they advanced upon the promise of rest and sleep with single-minded purpose. Hardly waiting for Leslie to sweep off the dusty top coverlet, they climbed solemnly up and settled themselves in a small huddle upon the feathered-packed mattress. Sighs of contentment blended softly with a sneeze from the earl. Tenderly Leslie removed small shoes; gently she wrapped the coverlet over her beloved charges. Then she crept softly out to search for food and water. There would be time enough later in the afternoon to lead a foray upon the hoped-for treasure of clean clothing in the attics.





Chapter 7





Drogo Trevelyan was in a temper. Only those few people who knew him very well could have recognized the subtle signs—the slight narrowing of the golden cat eyes under heavy, drooping lids, the almost imperceptible hardening of the handsome features, the faint white line marking the patrician flare of nostrils. His servants recognized the signs through long familiarity, and behaved with the utmost circumspection.

One cause of the duke’s anger was the information he had managed to pick up from the host after dinner the preceding evening. The fellow had come obsequiously into the private dining room, asking if there was anything else he might do to insure His Grace’s comfort.

“For we have not seen enough of you these past years, if I may be permitted to say so, Your Grace.”

Both of them knew he was overstepping his bounds, but the innkeeper was consumed with curiosity and the duke needed to know more about the Mysterious Purchaser, so the impertinence was permitted.

The facts—as Host Cross related them—were disturbing. It had evidently been an open secret in the county that someone was buying up all the free land and any estates or holdings whose owners were willing to sell. It seemed that the only landowners who had not been approached were Kenelm and Endale. The duke could have told Cross that an offer had been made to his man-of-law, but he was reluctant to confide in anyone until he had more information. Coolly scanning the red, avid face of the innkeeper, who was now babbling some tale of noble children stolen from their home by gypsies, the duke said blightingly, “I shall be requiring breakfast before nine tomorrow, Cross. You may serve it here.”

It had been an adequate breakfast, but Drogo was still angry as he sat in his impressive coach, jolting over the wretched road that led from the village to his estate, and wishing he had thought to bring Muir down to Kenelm with him. His valet, Parsons, might have to be dragooned into acting as secretary if notes needed to be made. The duke cursed himself for not bringing Parsons with him this morning. He fully intended to call upon two or three of the local gentry who had already sold their estates, and the one or two who had refused to do so. Perhaps they might be willing to share any information they had gained as to the Mysterious Buyer.

Just before dawn, wakeful, Drogo had been struck by a curious idea. Muir had informed him of the offer received for Kenelm Place, which meant that unless Endale had also had an offer that the local gossips were not yet aware of, then the Mysterious Buyer could well be Endale!

A moment’s thought had him recalling Muir’s mention that the former earl had been killed, leaving a nine-year-old child to assume the title. Obviously he would not be attempting secret negotiations to acquire a monopoly of local land. But there had been mention of a guardian, had there not? The whole problem seemed, thought the duke irascibly, to have been expressly and deliberately designed to annoy him. Had it not been for this manipulator, Drogo Trevelyan would happily have passed the rest of his life without thinking once of the home of his detested parent. As it was, he was now being jostled and jolted over what must be the worst-kept roads in England, on his way to enter a door he had sworn never to darken again!

As a way to vent his spleen, Trevelyan took a good deal of pleasure in a brief encounter at the main gates of his ancestral home. The surly custodian, Dawls, routed from his lair in the gate house, did not at first perceive that the impressive vehicle, whose arrogant coachman was vociferously demanding entrance, concealed an occupant in its shadowy interior.

“Bustle about, then, lackwit! Get them gates open on the double, you jolter-headed nincompoop!” bawled the coachman.

Dawls, roused from slumber, did not take kindly to this greeting. He returned an equally vociferous and even ruder refusal.

Tom Coachman’s eyes bulged apprehensively as he slanted a glance behind him toward the darkened interior of the carriage, whose heavy window was now being lowered. His cautionary hiss was cut short by the steel-hard contempt in the voice that issued from the shadowed depths.

“You are Dawls? Get the hell off my land and do not come back or I’ll have you thrown in gaol.”

The expression on the custodian’s face made the coachman and all three grooms bite back laughter. Dawls shambled forward and peered up into the window. Even Drogo, furious at the crashing ineptness of the guardian of his gates, could not resist a grin. He had smoothed it from his face by the time he leaned forward and glared down at the horror-stricken Dawls.

“Me, guv?” Dawls blurted, staring wide-eyed at the ruthless arrogance of the handsome face above him.

“You may open the gates for me before you get the hell off my lands,” Drogo conceded, in a tone that revealed his awareness of his own tolerance.

This time the grooms dissolved into laughter, which they vainly tried to keep silent.

Much refreshed by this encounter, the duke was able to witness the deterioration of his estate in silence, if not with equanimity, as they drove through the neglected park. When his groom opened the door and let down the steps of the coach before the massive entrance to Kenelm Place, however, Drogo’s lips tightened. What the devil had possessed the old man, to let their three-hundred-year holding go to ruin? So it was again a tight-lipped nobleman who allowed the groom to push open the creaking front door for him. The fellow stood aside then. Drogo smiled grimly. From the glimpse he could get of the interior, Kenelm Place had become a hazard to life and limb.

“Go back to the gates,” he instructed the groom. “See Dawls off the premises. Go back to the inn and tell Parsons to find someone from the village to replace that idiot at the gate until I decide what I wish to do about this situation.” Then, as if reluctant to have shared even this much of his counsel with a servant, the duke turned and strolled into his home.

He stood in the center of the drawing room, besieged with unhappy memories. There was a look on his handsome face that none of his cronies would have recognized as he absorbed the scents and sights that brought back old hurts and childish griefs. Then, breaking the ancient spell, a series of slight sounds from somewhere above him caught at his attention. Rats, was his first scornful analysis of the rustling and squeaking noises. And then he stiffened, and slanted his golden head, the better to hear. For there were now echoes of human voices coming from an upper floor.

Intruders! Scavengers come to ransack the dying mansion! Ghouls!

For the first time in his adult life, Drogo Trevelyan admitted to a sense of possessiveness about his family’s home—a sense outraged by this dastardly pillage of a place no longer valued by its rightful owners. Gone was the brief vulnerability he had felt; his golden eyes blazed with fury. With the grace, stealth, and lust of a hunting tiger, the duke ran lightly up the stairs in search of the thieves.





Chapter 8





The duke leaped up the massive stairs, silent and sinuous as a jungle cat. When he reached the upper hallway, he paused to locate the source of the noise that had warned him of the presence of intruders in Kenelm Place.

There—it came again. From the attics, a muttering of several voices. They seemed curiously high and light. Gypsy women, perhaps? Breaking into the deserted mansion to steal whatever of value they could lay their dirty hands on? A wide feral grin, completely mirthless, stretched the duke’s well-cut lips. Females or not, the scum were about to get a lesson they’d never forget!

As he moved along the hallway to the stairs leading up to the attics, Drogo passed the door to the ducal apartments. It was wide open. Frowning, he was resolving to investigate later, when a series of sounds from inside the bedroom halted him in his tracks. There were several strangling coughs, followed by three gigantic sneezes.

Momentarily frozen with surprise, the duke wondered if the thieves, like vermin, had infested the whole house. Grimly he retraced his steps, briefly regretting the absence of a weapon. Then he noticed and seized a heavy brass candlestick which sat in tarnished magnificence on a boulle side table under a particularly poor picture of his father. Thus armed, he slipped into the bedroom and, with his back to the wall, scanned the terrain.

There was someone in the ducal bed.

But it was a very small figure indeed, and it was huddled wretchedly within a tangled heap of dusty covers. Lowering the candlestick, Drogo advanced upon the interloper.

Blue eyes stared up at him from a small white face, and a hoarse little voice croaked valiantly, “May I know why you are invading my bedroom, sir?”

Unfortunately, the boy sneezed again, rather spoiling the effect of his challenge.

The Duke found himself grinning. “You may know why I am invading this room when you explain to me your right to be here yourself,” he advised grimly. The child did not sound like a gypsy, managing, in spite of his sore throat, to speak with a cultured accent. It was difficult in the dim light—for the heavy drapes were drawn against the sun—to tell exactly what the child looked like, his most impressive feature at the moment being a red, swollen nose.

A little puzzled at the sharpness of his anger at his unwarranted intrusion into the home he himself had vowed never to reenter, Drogo set his countenance in its habitual expression of cold arrogance.

“Give me your name at once, boy, and state your reasons for breaking into this house!”

“I’m sorry, sir,” the child gasped. “I think I am going to be sick!” He leaned over to grab at a basin placed conveniently upon the floor by the side of the bed.

A few stressful moments later, the duke found himself wiping the pale little face with a damp cloth he found in a dish on the table near the bed. Even while he ministered to the boy, he was fuming at his own gullibility. Why didn’t he throw the little thief through the window? Or shake the truth out of him? An unequal contest, Trevelyan, he mocked himself. The little intruder really couldn’t stop you, whatever you chose to do to him!

But his companions, still happily scavenging the mansion, might prove worthier antagonists, Drogo decided. Far more satisfying to vent his anger upon several adults than on this miserable scrap. What were the boy’s parents thinking of? He was already moving along the hallway to the attic stairs, painfully eager to find a physical release for his anger. There was no sound coming from the attics now, and Drogo wondered if his own challenge to the sick child had been overheard. Were the thieves waiting to attack him as he reached the upper floor? He snatched up another candlestick and crept up the narrow stairway.

As he neared the top, he hesitated, listening intently. There came to his ears a low voice, probably female, which seemed to be asking a question. The duke stepped lightly out into the open space.

The first thing presented to his astounded vision was a small but very shapely feminine rear, modestly draped in a mud-spattered skirt. The body was bent over a large, open trunk, obviously taking something from the interior. The duke had his mouth open to roar a challenge, when he was further amazed to behold not one, but two heads in enormous, once fashionable feathered hats rising slowly from behind another big box. A closer look revealed that the absurd hats crowned the heads of two young girls, both of whom were staring at the huge male intruder with horrified alarm.

“Leslie!” gasped the taller of the two. “We are discovered! By a MAN!”

“Oh, Hilary, must you be so dramatic?” replied a weary voice from the interior of the trunk. “It’s probably a suit of armor.”

The second girl gulped and then said clearly, “No, Leslie. For once Hilary is right. I’m afraid the owner of this . . . uh . . . building has caught us—”

“In the act!” interjected Hilary, not to be done out of her sensational announcement. “He looks very angry, Leslie.”

There was a scramble of movement which, even in that charged moment, Drogo acknowledged to be graceful, and a tall young woman pulled herself up from the trunk and whirled to face him.

He was not impressed by the appearance of the gypsy ringleader. She was dirty, dressed in a frumpish gown, and pale with exhaustion and alarm. Great blue eyes stared at him out of a thick fringe of black lashes. Drogo lowered the candlestick, which he had forgotten until this moment.

When a quick glance around the shadowy expanse of the attics failed to disclose any male intruders, he allowed his vigilance to relax slightly.

“Perhaps you would like to tell me what the devil you are doing rifling through my possessions?” he demanded icily. “I am Kenelm, and this house belongs to me.”

The chit surprised him. “Then you are a bad landlord,” she snapped. “The estate has been allowed to fall into ruin—a disgrace to the neighborhood! Since the old duke is dead, you must be his son. Why did you not return for his funeral?” She glared at him in a very minatory fashion.

This impudence, on top of her own nefarious and quite indefensible actions, served to revive the fury that Drogo had been trying to repress for the last forty-eight hours—ever since, in fact, he had realized that he would have to return to the scene of his youthful misery and disillusionment.

Setting his jaw, the duke prepared to demolish this saucy interloper.

“You will all accompany me downstairs, where my groom will escort you to the local constable.”

Even in his anger, the duke now became aware of the sick horror that filled the faces of all three girls. Aha, they are guilty of more than a little theft! was his first deduction. Or perhaps the knowledge that the punishment for theft is transportation was enough to put the fear into the little trollops. Drogo took a closer look.

Decked out in those ridiculous hats, the girls did not have the appearance of gypsies or criminals. In fact, they were actually rather an attractive trio, albeit obviously not at their best at the moment. And their speech was as cultured as the boy’s. The boy’s— Light dawned.

“Do I take it I am addressing the sisters of the new Earl of Endale?” asked Drogo in a hatefully cold voice. “The irresponsible brats whose exploits are the talk of the county? Whose greatly-to-be-pitied guardian has been scouring the woods and fields in search of your murdered bodies?”

“Is that the story he is spreading?” asked the oldest girl. “Clever of him! If he had found us, I am sure we would have been discovered . . . murdered.”

There was an odd silence. Neither of the other two little females seemed surprised at this monstrous suggestion. “You are saying he would have killed you if he had found you?” sneered the duke. “Has your behavior been such that you deserve it?”

Oddly enough, it was the youngest of the girls who answered him in a sober little voice. “Cousin March keeps telling everyone how ungrateful and naughty we are, and when the horse threw Daryl, he tried to make it out an accident, and then when Daryl’s room caught fire, and Leslie saved him, Cousin March said Daryl had lit the fire himself! As if anyone would be so foolish!” The girl stepped out from behind the huge box and advanced soberly toward him. “I am Meredith,” she said with incongruous formality. “And this is my older sister Hilary,” indicating the pretty child who had announced his arrival so dramatically. “Hilary is emotional,” she explained kindly. “And this is our oldest sister, Leslie. She is taking us to seek shelter with our father’s great-aunt, Lady Bella Endale. It was Leslie who led us safely through the woods at night to this empty house where we could wait hidden for the London coach.”

Drogo Trevelyan stared at the pale-faced, huge-eyed young woman. What was the matter with the chit? Did she have nothing to say for herself? “Your brother is very ill,” he said coldly. “Do you think it sensible to expose a sick child to such hazards?”

Leslie tried to pull together her disordered wits. Since she first set eyes upon this huge, handsome male creature, she had not been able to think coherently. He was the most beautiful human being she had ever met. She could not seem to drag her eyes away from his magnificent figure, set off so well in an elegant riding coat, skintight buckskins, and polished Hessian boots. After one glance at his face, she had not dared to look again into eyes that gleamed like golden gems in the handsome countenance. But it was more than his stunning beauty that held her silent.

It was the sudden strange, almost frightening knowledge that this man was important to her—possibly more important than any human being she had ever met. She had felt the oddest sense of recognition when she met those narrowed, catlike golden eyes, a sense almost of homecoming. But the icy arrogance, the cold, sneering dislike in his deep voice told her very definitely that her sense of kinship—or whatever it was—was not reciprocated. Not only did His Grace the duke not experience any sense of recognition, he very plainly felt a need to be rid of her and her family as quickly as possible!

Yet something very deeply rooted within Leslie informed her that she must not allow her little party to be shuffled off. Her own remarkable response to the big man aside, Daryl must not be exposed again to the terrible threat of March Wardell’s control. Some plan would have to be worked out, some delaying action put in motion . . . .

Oddly enough, it was the overdramatic, insecure Hilary who provided a temporary respite.

“Oh, gods! I think I am going to faint!” she gasped, her chalk-white face giving credence to the cry.

And she sank to the dusty attic floor, the ridiculous bonnet falling forward over her ashen countenance.

“Now see what you have done!” scolded Meredith, with a stern look at the duke. “Have you no sense at all? We haven’t eaten for two days, and we’re cold and wretched and terrified of our greedy, cruel cousin—and you frightened poor Hilary out of her wits! Are you just going to let her lie there, you insensitive man?”

Gritting his teeth, the duke bent and lifted the inert girl in his arms. “If you will precede me down those rather narrow stairs,” he hissed, “I will get the child—” he glared down at the pale, still face at his shoulder “—the girl down to one of the bedrooms, where I am sure you will be able to revive her.” This last was ground out with such a wealth of suspicion that Leslie, oddly happy at the turn of events, was forced to smother a smile.

“The state of Your Grace’s residence is hardly such as to provide ease and succor for an unconscious female,” she said provocatively.

The duke, who had reached the bottom of the stairway with his burden, cast her a resentful look. Striding along the wide hall toward his mother’s old bedroom, he snapped, “Since I was not informed that I should be entertaining guests, I believe I may be forgiven for the state of the accommodations—”

“Oh,” said Leslie, daring greatly, “is this the style of accommodation you normally prefer?”

There ensued a silence that no one cared to break.

As he deposited the still inert form upon the bed that had been his mama’s, the duke said shortly, “What is wrong with her? Or do you care enough to find out?”

“She is, as Meredith mentioned, weary, hungry, and chilled to the bone. But above all, she is doing her best to fight off the fear we all have—that our greedy cousin March Wardell, my brother’s heir, will finish the job he has already attempted twice. To murder Endale,” Leslie stated quietly. And then: “I claim sanctuary under your shield, Kenelm.”

The sheer audacity of the claim, as much as its medieval quaintness, held the duke silent for a moment. He stared hard into the girl’s face, seeking a sign of guile or mockery. There was none. The huge, remarkable deep blue eyes seemed to glow with light in the sweet, pale face; the dainty jaw was set courageously against mockery or rejection. When Drogo found himself queerly unable to respond, the slender shoulders squared in grim acceptance of the burden.

“Will you then grant us the favor of a chance to shelter here until the earl is strong enough to be taken to London to Lady Bella, Your Grace?” Leslie urged. “It cannot hurt you to permit us the shelter of this wretched, unwanted estate of yours. And I swear to you, as God is my witness, that March Wardell means to destroy my brother.”

Then, lovely eyes steady upon his own, the girl stood waiting for the duke’s answer.





Chapter 9





Tawny golden eyes as fiercely intent as any predator’s held and challenged wide, steady blue ones. For an endless moment, the duke made no reply to Leslie’s appeal. And then the coldest smile she had ever seen curved the well-cut lips.

“So you claim sanctuary of Kenelm, do you, my dear?” asked Drogo Trevelyan, that gazette rakehell. There was a note in his voice that sent a chill along Leslie’s nerves. Before she could answer his question, he went on, too smoothly, “It might amuse me to set you up in a cozy little establishment . . . .” He paused, his smile infinitely suggestive.

Meredith uttered a crow of delight. “Leslie! You’ve done the thing! You promised you would bring us safely out of this terrible dilemma—and you have!” She turned to the duke with a wide, childish smile. “We shall all be forever in your debt, Your Grace! Chivalry is not dead!”

The duke was too startled by this gushing effusiveness to notice the look of shocked surprise on Leslie’s face at the very uncharacteristic behavior of steady, sensible Meredith. And then Hilary, now revived and unwilling to be overshadowed by her younger sister, addressed the startled duke with her own flow of emotional gratitude.

“Our own establishment! How superbly generous of Your Grace! But of course it will not do! We must stay with our Great-aunt Endale! We could not permit the quizzes to misconstrue your generous offer!”

The duke, for once in his suavely sophisticated life at a complete loss, turned a bewildered countenance toward Leslie. Surely her sisters could not be quite so naive? his elevated eyebrows seemed to ask. And then suspicion drew those tawny bars down in a frown. Or were they already smart and sly enough to seize an advantage? Was this social gush a ploy? The man’s face darkened with angry color. Did they learn it in their cradles?

“If you Endale women are trying to chouse me,” he said crudely, “I warn you, you’ll catch cold at it!”

Leslie forced herself out of the strange enchantment that had held her since first she set eyes on this beautiful, wicked male. Trying to present a serene front, she said softly, “My sisters are merely expressing gratitude for the . . . ah . . . most generous offer of assistance which you have graciously made us. Our governess, Miss Wheaton, taught us always to acknowledge kindness. Now will you be good enough to explain in what way we are trying to—I believe chouse you was the term?” She smiled with adorable sweetness at the lowering nobleman. “What does it mean, chouse?”

For a long moment the duke said nothing. Then a light began to glow in his eyes, and a reluctant grin tugged at his lips.

“Oh, yes, Madame Prim and Proper! Of course you know nothing of robbing a gentleman’s house!” He grinned at the two younger girls. “You Endales choose to commit your larcenies in style, do you not? Such elaborate bonnets for a bit of pilfering!”

“Of course you know these hats belong to you—” began Meredith stiffly.

“Surely not to me,” goaded their tormentor.

“To your family, I meant,” persisted Meredith doggedly. “We—I could not resist trying them on.” She straightened the absurd creation on her small head, and cocked it naughtily. “A la mode, is it not?” She smiled up at the big, awesomely handsome male.

Drogo was betrayed into a bark of laughter at the ridiculous appearance the three females presented. If they were in truth thieves, they were the most absurd and colorful he had ever encountered.

And if they were in truth sisters of the Earl of Endale? The question triggered off a memory of the small, wretchedly uncomfortable little boy. Irrationally, the duke blamed the child’s sisters for his own neglect. He stared at the girls with his most forbidding expression.

“Do you intend to leave the boy alone to suffer his pain?” he inquired ruthlessly. “He was very sick when I left him.”

This taunt was accepted by the earl’s sisters with stricken looks. Leslie roused herself into action, casting off the strange paralysis that had held her since she first set eyes upon His Grace. Without a word, she turned and ran lightly out of the bedroom and along the wide hallway to the room in which she had left her brother. He was still there in the rumpled bed, breathing heavily in his troubled sleep.

She was bending over him, her hand on his hot forehead, when her sisters and the duke came into the room. Leslie lifted an anxious countenance to greet them.

“Is he worse?” demanded Hilary, before anyone else could speak. “Oh, Leslie, is he . . . dying?”

“Of course not,” retorted Leslie prosaically. “He has a very bad inflammation of the nose and throat, that is all.”

“You are trained as a physician?” challenged the duke snidely.

Her impatient glare seemed to amuse him.

Again Meredith played mediator. “Hilary tends to find tragedy at every turn,” she explained to their cruelly smiling host. Ignoring her sister’s sullen pout, she went on gravely, “We really are very grateful for your compassion, sir. We are all so weary from our trip through the woods to this refuge! Leslie hardly slept at all. She was watching over us, protecting us—”

“Having first plunged you all into an impossible situation with her childish fears,” added the duke blightingly, “protecting you seems the least she could do.”

This last, unjust attack roused Leslie from her strange bemusement with this arrogant nobleman. Narrowing her lids over her wide blue eyes, she said coldly, “You know nothing of the events which led to my decision. No rational man could expect me to leave the earl where his life was in danger.” She glanced down at the sleeping child. “If you can bear to let us remain in your . . . home until tomorrow morning, I promise we shall not trouble you further.”

For some reason, this displeased the duke.

“You can promise that the boy will be well enough to travel by that time?” challenged the nobleman.

Leslie bit back a rude retort. “I shall try to make other arrangements,” she answered wearily.

“You are a fool,” said the duke callously. “I shall not permit you to subject the Earl of Endale to any more totty-headed starts. Creeping through the woods at night! Getting these children soaked to the skin, and then forcing them to sleep in their wet garments! It is god’s mercy they are not all dead of pneumonia!”

This vicious attack silenced all three girls. Leslie, racked with guilt, could not face the duke’s condemnation, but peered fearfully into the frightened countenances of her sisters.

Hilary sobbed once, loudly. “What were we to do, sir?” she demanded. “Our cousin has tried to kill Endale by putting him up on a savage horse and then striking the animal with his crop! And that very night, there was a fire in Daryl’s bedroom, which might have burned him as he slept! Would you have us leave our brother in that place of danger and death?” Her rather theatrical challenge did not, as Leslie feared, put an end to the duke’s fragile patience. He stared moodily at his uninvited female guests for a long moment, and then looked down at the restless sleeper. He seemed to come to a decision.

“You say you are heading for London, and Lady Endale? I know the ancient beldame, and I warn you now, you can expect very little assistance, if any, from that selfish old female. However, it is plain I cannot leave you here.” He halted Leslie’s objections with an arrogant, uplifted palm. “It would furnish a bad precedent if every hedge-bird who wished to do so got the idea he could enter and despoil Kenelm Place at his whim. So I shall bundle up my fellow nobleman, carry him down to my carriage, and stow you all out of sight on the floor until we are safely away from the village.”

There was a chorus of thanks and fulsome admiration from the two younger girls, Hilary even going so far as to name the duke their Benefactor, to Leslie’s annoyance. Older and a little wiser than her sisters, she was sure there was a predatory gleam in the Benefactor’s tawny eyes, a light that boded ill for one at least of the orphans. She looked up to find that daunting gaze resting upon her with a very knowing expression.

The duke favored Leslie with a slow, devastating smile.

“I’m sure we shall think of some way you can repay me for my extreme kindness,” he said softly.





Chapter 10





In point of fact, Drogo Trevelyan had surprised himself by his response to the invading females. He had been well taught—first by a mama who was a self-indulgent, bitterly dissatisfied hypochondriac, later by a series of ladies, some wellborn, some gutter bred, all of whom had proved to be greedy, unscrupulous light-o’-loves. He thought he had learned his lesson well: to invest neither trust nor affection in any woman, however beautiful, however appealing to his senses.

But these absurd little ragamuffins, grimy and dowdy though they were, had somehow caused him to abandon, if only temporarily, his hard-won wisdom. It shocked him that he had not summarily turned them over to the village constable, as he had every intention of doing. Worse, he had as good as pledged himself to deliver the brats to their irascible, niffy-naffy Great-aunt Endale—who would not thank him for the favor!

Thinking of the old battle-ax, Drogo grinned involuntarily. He almost wished he might be present during the first encounter of the aged beldame and her unconventional relatives! But no! Not even for the laugh such a farce might provide would he trouble himself one second longer than necessary with the encroaching females!

There was, of course, the small matter of the payment he intended to exact from the oldest girl, the curiously silent Leslie. Some evening during the trip, when the younger children were safely settled in the bedchamber he would provide for them, he intended to summon Leslie to his own room and discover at his leisure just what it was about her that piqued his notoriously jaded interest. Claim sanctuary, would she? They would see about that! For a moment the duke felt the oddest twinge of some emotion he did not recognize. Frowning, he decided that it must be his reluctance to be seen in any public place with the grimy little females. So first get them hidden in his carriage and on the road to London, then stop in the next sizable town and purchase for them all some clothing that would not shame their . . . protector.

With a wicked grin, the duke decided he was well enough satisfied with his plan. Endale was too young to enter a protest whatever his “Benefactor” did, and the younger girls, for all their dramatics, were powerless. As for the oldest sister—pale, weary Leslie of the huge blue eyes and the bewitching smile—Drogo Trevelyan had handled more difficult ladybirds!

Feeling much more himself, the duke ordered the girls to bring bedcovers under which they might conceal themselves in the carriage, and to wrap their little brother in a sheet and two blankets so that he might be as comfortable as possible on the trip.

“Do you wish me to bring Endale down to your carriage now, Your Grace?” asked the oldest girl tonelessly. Drogo was pleased that she did not meet his eyes as she spoke. It would appear that he had quelled her impudent attempts at defiance. Well, quelled or not, he’d soon have her dancing to his tune—one way or another! Announcing that he would send a groom to carry the boy, the duke ran lightly down the great staircase, summoned his coachman, and gave orders that the carriage was to be prepared at once to receive visitors.

“We shall not be returning to the Kenelm Arms tonight, Tom,” Drogo said briskly. “You will stop there only long enough to give Parsons my orders to pack my things, pay the landlord, and follow us in a hired coach to the inn we stopped at on our way here.”

If he was surprised at this fresh start of his master’s, Tom Coachman gave no sign of it. His nod of assent seemed to indicate that no rig Kenelm could run would ever surprise him!

Still, the duke fixed him with a cold stare.

“You will advise your fellow servants that nothing—and I mean nothing—is to be said of any persons we have encountered in Kenelm Place, or that we may be transporting to London.”

The duke’s golden eyes were so cold that Tom Coachman nodded much more vigorously and even ventured a “Yes, ‘ndeed, Yer Grace, mum’s the word!” in a placating tone.

With a last minatory glare, the duke turned and strode back up the stairs.

The trip to the Hart and Hound Inn was a nightmare for the Endales. The earl seemed to be drifting in and out of a fretful slumber. His sisters did their anguished best to make him comfortable, but it was almost impossible, given their situation. During the ride to the Kenelm Arms and for a good half hour after the carriage had driven away from the village, the duke insisted upon the four young people remaining under the covering the groom and coachman had arranged over them within the carriage. It was hideously uncomfortable for them, nested on the floor in the space between the front and rear-facing seats of the elegant vehicle. None of the girls wished to complain, however, since they were, in fact, achieving their devoutly desired goal: to escape to London without alerting March Wardell to their presence or their destination.

After an interminable time the duke ordered the carriage to a halt. Bending over, he lifted one edge of the cover, and in a tone Leslie found insufferably smug, he announced, “You may sit up now. I have succeeded in getting you away without letting the . . . ah . . . cat out of the bag.”

Fury flamed up in Leslie’s eyes. “You are enjoying this, are you not, sir?” Of course he was, sitting cool and comfortable against the luxurious upholstery of the carriage squabs while the Endales smothered beneath his dusty covers!

His knowing grin did nothing to assuage her wrath. “Is this the thanks your Benefactor is to receive for his selfless, warmhearted efforts in your behalf?” he asked, in a fashionably fading voice—and then spoiled the effect by breaking into a wicked chuckle.

“I hate you,” said Leslie quietly, cradling Daryl against her breast.

“Of course you do,” agreed the hateful creature with a grin. “All recipients of charity hate their Benefactors.”

Although lightly spoken, the comment gave Leslie pause, Did she, indeed, resent the fact that the duke was able to rescue her family when she could not? Was it false pride that roused in her breast this powerful emotion toward Drogo Trevelyan? She lifted wide blue eyes to the man’s challenging stare. And then she surprised him.

“I beg your pardon,” she said with absolute sincerity. “I have been at fault, resenting your wonderful assistance. It is only”—she tried to explain her paltry behavior—“that I had expected—hoped—to save my brother and sisters myself. I stand corrected, sir. We are in your hands.”

Drogo felt as though he had received a fisty blow to the solar plexus. Never in his admittedly wide social experience had any woman ever come out so frankly with an acknowledgment of her own failings. Was she sincere? Impossible to doubt it, with those wide, honest blue eyes open to her very soul! With a frisson of . . . alarm? Drogo realized that he was dealing with a different kind of female in this little creature. A rara avis, a strange prodigy: a totally honest woman! He subjected the girl to a frowning scrutiny, which she bore quietly.

“Look after your brother,” he snapped finally. “There is water and a moist cloth in that basket.”

A long, silent time later (for the younger girls were too weary and anxious to chatter), the carriage drew up in a cobbled yard, and Tom Coachman loudly demanded stabling for his team, and servants to attend his master.

While the bustle of welcome was building outside the carriage, the duke leaned forward, surveyed his disheveled guests disparagingly, and said to Leslie, “You will remain silent within the coach until my servants come to bring you into the inn—through a side door, I hope! You are such grimy creatures! I shall have to fabricate some plausible story to explain the presence of four little urchins under my shield. . . .” His mouth twitched.

He is amused by our plight! thought Leslie, setting her teeth against the rage that his offhand attitude was again rousing in her. One day, when we are safe, Kenelm—!

Meanwhile, it was only sensible to do as the arrogant creature ordered.

“My brother—” she began, the words seeming to rasp out of her burning throat.

“I shall send for a doctor at once,” said the duke in a kinder voice than he had yet used.

Whatever his ultimate intentions, it was no plan of Drogo’s to torment the runaways. Within a half hour he had the girls established in a large, comfortable bedroom, and the little earl in a smaller room which opened off theirs. Plenty of hot water and clean towels appeared shortly thereafter, brought by two smiling maids, and His Grace’s valet delivered a bar of pleasant-smelling soap and a comb and brush. Leslie decided these latter had come from His Grace’s luggage, since the soap was very fine, French, and most seductively scented. Leslie shivered as she stroked it onto her relaxing body in one of the two tubs the landlord had provided. She dried and dressed herself quickly, anxious to check on her brother’s condition.

She had already bathed Daryl, and given him all the fresh water he wished to drink. Now he was comfortably tucked into a small bed, already relaxed and looking better.

“We are safe now, aren’t we, Leslie?” he whispered, reaching up to cling to the gentle hand that was stroking his head.

Leslie smiled encouragingly. “Yes, Daryl, we are safe, thanks to our kind Benefactor, the Duke of Kenelm,” she said softly. “He has agreed to support a fellow nobleman, and see us safe to Great-aunt Bella,” she added, with her sweet smile.

“I am glad you recognize my . . . ah . . . nobility,” came a hatefully soft voice at her shoulder. “Here is Dr. Gregory to deal with your brother’s illness.”

Leslie went out into the room she shared with her sisters, more than a little relieved by the arrangements the arrogant duke had made. Perhaps it was the fashion in London to speak so . . . suggestively to a female as he had done to her. She was probably a provincial little prude to read sensual challenges into so many of the casual remarks the man made. Sighing, Leslie accepted the enthusiastic invitation of her sisters to sit down at the table and partake of the delicious repast the innkeeper had provided.

For a space of time there was no conversation as the girls assuaged several days’ hunger. Then Meredith, voicing all their hidden fears, and as ever, honest enough to face them, whispered, “Is Daryl going to recover soon?”

“We shall have to wait to hear what Dr. Gregory has to tell us,” Leslie answered. “I am sure he will know exactly what to do for the best for Daryl.”

Their anxiety was relieved a few minutes later when the doctor came out of the sickroom with a reassuring verdict. Although the boy’s illness sounded and looked serious, it was actually no more than a putrid sore throat, and would yield to treatment within a day or so.

“Your brother is a sturdy little fellow. Keep him quiet for a day or so, plenty of water to drink and as much food as he cares for, and he will be right as rain.”

Accepting their thanks, he nodded when the duke gave him some folded bank notes.

When he had left, Leslie, who had noted the transfer of money with chagrin, asked if she might have a few moments of His Grace’s time. “In private, if you please,” she added quietly.

The duke’s eyebrows rose slightly, and then a smile twisted at his lips. “But of course, Lady Leslie,” he said softly. “I am free now.” He preceded her from the room.

With a quick word or two to her sisters, and a reassuring smile, Leslie hurried after the arrogant nobleman. He could have had the kindness to wait for her, rather than striding along the hallway ahead of her like a—an Eastern potentate with his slave! Under her smoldering gaze, the big man turned into a doorway near the front of the building. Well, at least he had the decency to get us rooms that did not connect with his! She thought. Perhaps he is not as bad as I imagined. It cannot have been any great pleasure to him to have to accept responsibility for a whole family of refugees! With a much more tolerant attitude toward their prickly Benefactor, Leslie followed his broad back into the room, heard the door close sharply—and found herself in his arms!





Chapter 11





Whatever response Drogo had expected—and he was prepared, he thought smugly, for anything from terrified missishness to delighted cooperation—he was, in the event, completely surprised by Leslie’s behavior. The girl stood quietly within his light clasp, staring up at his mocking smile with wide blue eyes that neither pleaded nor coaxed. In point of fact, the maddening little chit seemed to be assessing him in the same cool way he himself often appraised a female whom he considered honoring with his attentions. It was a new and unflattering experience.

Annoyed, His Grace tightened his grip.

This brought an unexpected reaction. The girl pulled back a little from his embrace. “Excuse me, please. There is something I must . . .” Her slender fingers were working at the inside of her bodice.

Fascinated, Drogo released his grip and moved slightly away from the tall, slender figure, giving her room to work. Whatever was the little female up to? His eyes sparkled with interest, and then widened with shock. For, as he watched, Leslie unpinned a small silk reticule and pulled it from her bodice. Opening it to disclose some guineas, she said firmly, “If you will tell me the amount you paid the doctor for his attendance upon Daryl, I shall recompense you. Endale provides for its own.”

Strangely affronted, Drogo gave the presumptuous girl a sneering smile. “You intend to provide for a sick child with those paltry coins? Where did you pick them up?”

“They were love gifts from my father on happy occasions in the past. How much do we owe you, Kenelm?” The bleak look upon the girl’s face struck Drogo so sharply that he hit back without thinking.

“You insult me!”

“As you do me,” retorted the unnatural female without heat.

It was her calm, remote air that infuriated the nobleman beyond bearing. What right had this little chit to bandy words with him, or, when it came to that, to refuse his generously offered aid so cavalierly? It became clear to the duke that this unnatural female needed a sharp set-down. Or better, a course of instruction in social graces, which, somehow, must be administered by him.

This odd conclusion so startled His Grace that he did not hear the chit’s next remark, which she repeated, in tones of maddening condescension. “Your Grace! I must return to my family at once. If you will tell me the sum you expended on Daryl’s care, I shall give your valet the amount, thus sparing your . . . delicate sensibilities.”

By the gods! Was the female laughing at him? Drogo was swept with such a fury of unusual emotions that for a few seconds he could not make his throat function. When finally he had found his voice, he snapped out the first insult he could think of. “You think to repay me with a few coins for rescuing you from the wretched imbroglio you yourself created? For disrupting all my plans to restore my family’s home, in order to snatch you away clandestinely from a no doubt rightfully angered guardian?” I should have left you there to be caught and dragged publicly back to your own home!”

The effect of this diatribe was far greater than he might have expected. Leslie’s face whitened with shock and guilt. “Your plans . . .?” she repeated. “But I had no idea you cared what happened to Kenelm Place! Everyone said you wanted it to fall to ruin!”

Ignoring the fact that everyone had been, in this case, absolutely correct, Drogo said sharply, “Just as “everyone says” that your guardian is an admirable, long-suffering saint to put up with the insolent behavior of you spoilt children!”

The girl seemed to have herself in control now, although her face was still pale and anxious. “I did not know,” she murmured, distractedly. “When I claimed sanctuary, I had no idea you were intending to restore your home to its former magnificence. Please forgive me, Your Grace. Of course we shall go on to London by stagecoach tomorrow.” She drew a deep breath, which pulled the man’s eyes involuntarily to her tender young breast. “We are forever in your debt for your gallant rescue of a set of troublesome brats, sir. Only let me assure you I was not lying when I told you of Wardell’s actions against the earl. Daryl will be safe, I think, with our great-aunt.” She made a graceful curtsy. “Again, Endale’s thanks, Your Grace! We shall never forget your kindness.”

As she turned to open the door, Drogo was cursing himself for a bungler. It was not like him to move so awkwardly in pursuit, but this little bird was no ordinary quarry. Why did he bother? She was not strikingly beautiful, aside from those remarkable eyes. She was certainly not eager for his advances! Let her go, Kenelm, she’s trouble! he advised himself.

All of which sage and sensible advice did not prevent him from striding forward and seizing the little enigma by one shoulder as she opened the door. “We have not finished our business,” he said gruffly, in response to her surprised look. “I think my sensibilities are sufficiently—indelicate to endure a businesslike settlement. Now.”

He pulled her ruthlessly back into the room and shut the door again. “I believe we had better seat ourselves. This may take time.”

“Can it not be handled in the morning, sir? I am . . . very anxious about my family.”

“Now,” said the duke decisively. Then, for the life of him unable to think of a proper way to inform the girl that she was to serve as his mistress for a short period in repayment for his generosity, he allowed himself a time-making diversion. “We shall have a glass of brandy—that is, you do drink brandy, I presume?”

Leslie’s spontaneous, naughty grin startled him. “I have been known to,” she admitted. “I am almost eighteen, after all, and the daughter of an acknowledged connoisseur.”

Then, taking pity on his obvious surprise, she added, “I took a small clay bottleful to warm and soothe us during our flight.”

“You gave those children brandy?” he heard himself exclaim.

“And myself. I believe it was all that saved us, during those long, cold days hiding in the damp woods,” the girl replied.

Drogo found he was speaking through clenched teeth. “I suppose you did not stop to consider just what that ill-judged tippling might have led to?” Conscious that his voice was rising, Drogo restrained himself from delivering the lecture he ached to impart to the little idiot. “You need a keeper,” he snapped.

“Is that your business, Kenelm? To offer me the dubious honor of your . . . patronage? I hardly think such an action on my part would endear Lady Bella to the idea of sponsoring my sisters and the earl. Like Caesar’s wife, Endale’s sister must be above reproach!”

Drogo felt as though he had received a stunning, unexpected blow. Hell and damnation, had he actually offered to take the little fool under his protection, knowing who and what she was? The little witch had him on a roundabout, off balance!

“I must be mad,” he muttered.

Leslie laughed. “On that point, we agree,” she said softly. “Now let us both be sensible, wish one another well, and say good night, before either of us has a chance to do anything silly.” She rose and stood close to him, offering her hand with a friendly smile.

Drogo took it. Slowly he raised it to his lips.

“You smell of sandalwood,” he found himself murmuring.

“Your soap,” agreed the girl. “It’s delightful! I shall think of you every time I smell it.”

The duke straightened his fine body and grinned ruefully down at the saucy little chit.

“I think we had better get that ‘good night’ said before I am tempted to wring your pretty little neck,” he quipped.

Leslie whipped out the door so smartly that the duke was forced to grin. Clearly he was not the only one affected!

It was probably a good thing that he’d never have to meet the little wench again!





Chapter 12





Of course, he was wrong.

A moment’s rational thought convinced him that, having been gulled into giving his protection, however reluctantly, to the clutch of little orphans, he was now obligated to see them safely to their great-aunt’s residence in London. A Trevelyan could not draw back, having once committed himself!

Committed is the right word, the duke thought wryly. And Bedlam is the place! However had the little Leslie succeeded where so many of her sex had failed? It seemed he was compelled to sponsor the Endales whether they—or he himself—liked it or not.

So be it. The first order of business was to produce clothing for them that would not be a public shame to him. Summoning Parsons, who was eaten up by curiosity about his master’s uncharacteristic behavior, the duke gave concise orders.

“These children we are convoying to London are the Earl of Endale and his sisters. They tell me they are running away from a wicked guardian.” His saturnine expression revealed exactly what he thought about that story. “Their destination, however, is unexceptionable: the home of Lady Bella Endale, their great-aunt. In spite of the fact that I am under obligation to their recently deceased father,” (a convenient fiction) “I cannot permit myself to be embarrassed in public by their ragamuffin appearance. Therefore you will secure new, clean clothes for the earl. Since he is confined to his bed, you may take his old garments to be sure of the sizes. Spare no expense.”

Parsons was so pleased at being, at last, in the know that he ventured a question. “And

the . . . young ladies, Your Grace?”

The duke breathed out an elaborate sigh, which did not deceive his longtime servant for an instant. “I suppose we must furbish up the little females, also,” he conceded. “Do your best, Parsons. I have every confidence in you.”

The two worldly-wise males exchanged a glance, and Parsons plunged at once into his fascinating assignment. He was an acknowledged genius in the skills it took to turn out his master as a nonpareil, yet secretly he had longed to experiment in dressing less elegant figures. The little Endales would be an exciting challenge! Especially, he thought, the oldest girl. That little filly had all the marks of a dark horse! Parsons was not sure if the duke realized just what he had caught—or perhaps, the valet amended with a secret grin, what had caught him! That idea so tickled the normally austere Parsons that he indulged in a rare flight of fancy: the possibility of creating a diamond—or at least a charmer—from the material at hand. Now that would be a real challenge!

By the time Parsons returned from his sortie into the local emporia, the duke was in a nasty temper. His heavy eyelids were narrowed over smoldering amber eyes (always a bad sign), and his well-cut lips were set in a tight, straight line. He greeted his valet with a snarl.

“Where have you been? I have had the devil of a time keeping these little ingrates from rushing off to London in rags which would dishonor their hostess—if her butler ever permitted them to enter the house!”

Parsons regarded the set, stubborn countenance of Leslie, and the solemn, apprehensive expressions of Hilary and Meredith. The girls were seated in a prim row on a sofa in the duke’s sitting room. A smile tugged at the corners of the valet’s mouth, but his tone was blandly confident as he remarked, “I am sure you young ladies will express proper gratitude to your Benefactor when you see the smart and suitable clothing he has provided for you in which to meet Lady Bella.” Irresistibly reminding the girls of Miss Wheaton at her most minatory, his glance rested on their obviously tatterdemalion attire. Quite ignoring the horrendous frown that now appeared on Leslie’s face, he continued calmly, “I hear from the innkeeper that the doctor has said the earl will be well enough to resume the journey by tomorrow. Perhaps you might wish to take your sisters to your room now, milady, and inspect the garments which have been procured for you?”

He asked it as a question, but every person in the room knew it was as good as a command. Leslie rose with what aplomb she could collect, and led her silent sisters out of the duke’s sitting room.

“Well done, Parsons,” said the duke morosely, as soon as the door had closed behind his reluctant guests. “We had just been having the devil of a disagreement. Women!”

“Indeed, Your Grace,” Parsons soothed. “They are kittle-cattle at best.”

The duke snorted a humorless laugh. It was not his custom to discuss private matters with his valet, but the fellow always seemed to know everything that was happening anyway, and since he seldom ventured to make a comment, the duke accepted his omniscience as a characteristic of a good servant. Upon this occasion, however, His Grace felt the need of all the advice he could get.

Glaring balefully at the blameless valet, he said harshly, “She insists she must take the stagecoach as soon as the boy is able to travel.”

“Quite ineligible,” Parsons said firmly.

The duke’s expression lightened. “She stated that she would not wear any garments of my providing,” continued the insulted Benefactor.

“Wait until she and those sisters of hers see what is in the boxes,” advised Parsons smugly.

“She is determined to pay me back for any monies I have expended upon her.”

This piece of information quite shocked the valet. He pondered the matter for a few moments. Then, triumphantly, he assured his master, “Lady Bella will soon put that nonsense out of her head. If you could put the young lady off—very gently, of course!—until you deposit her safely with her relative. . . . ?” His eyebrows rose in a conspiratorial fashion, which immediately pulled Drogo out of his bad temper.

“You are a Machiavelli, Parsons,” he grinned. “But then, it is so much simpler to be the one who suggests these skillful ploys than the one who has to carry them out!”

Good humor restored, the duke strode from the room to take a refreshing amble through the little town, whose name he had not bothered to learn. Gazing with restrained admiration after the well-set-up, elegantly dressed figure, Parsons permitted himself a small smile. Not too difficult to handle, he thought, if one knows the correct way to go about it. Now, I wonder if the little Lady Leslie might be . . . ?

Parsons was more than ready to settle down in England and see an end to the duke’s roving ways.





The Duke of Kenelm, strolling down the street in the attractive small town, was feeling pleased, for the young Endales’ sake as well as his own, that he had spirited them away so quietly from Kenelm Village. His peers might well look askance at the ploy, but Drogo had witnessed the white, frightened faces of the children, and heard the conviction in Leslie’s voice when she told him that Wardell wished to murder his cousin.

It seemed possible to the duke that something unsavory might be going on. After all, someone—Wardell?—was buying up all the land adjacent to Endale. Why bother to add so heavily to his own administrative problems as guardian unless he intended profiting in the long run? No, taking the Endales to their elderly aunt in London was a sensible move, the duke assured himself. And in concealing from Wardell and the villagers the clandestine departure, he had behaved, he felt, with admirable sensitivity and decorum. The redoubtable peeress to whom he was delivering the young Endales would no doubt applaud his concern.

A comfortable thought.

Returning to the inn refreshed, Drogo set himself to observe the children. They were well-bred, bright, and charming. Someone had made a good piece of work of training them; their easy, friendly manner was not acquired by chance. His thoughts ranged back to his own parents, whom he had hardly known and certainly disliked. He could not recall a single instance in which either his dissolute (and later sanctimonious) papa or his languid, self-pitying mama had ever given so much as a single word or gesture of concern for their only child’s behavior—so long as it did not disturb their selfish lives! Not for Drogo Trevelyan the loving encouragement he had observed being so lavishly bestowed upon the younger Endales by their quiet sister. Perhaps he should acquire her services to encourage and cosset him, the duke thought with a grim half smile—and was surprised to hear Leslie’s clear little voice addressing him, on cue!

“Is something wrong, Your Grace? Can I help you?”

“You may begin by calling me Drogo,” the man said crossly. “We are close enough for that, surely?” And will be closer, he vowed, his mind made up. He intended to possess the little female, not for her dazzling charm—non-existent!—but for her ability to soothe, encourage, and cosset those she cared for. In his male arrogance, it did not occur to Drogo to wonder if the quiet Leslie could care for him.





Chapter 13





Riding in his elegant carriage toward London two days later, the duke surveyed his little party complacently. The three girls were arranged demurely across from him on the rear-facing seat, leaving ample room for their brother to sit or curl up on the luxurious squabs beside the duke. The two younger girls, quite enchanted by the appearance and attentions of their noble host, were chatting quietly together about their approaching visit to London. Only Leslie, who looked, thought Drogo, completely charming in Parsons’ purchases, seemed rather distrait.

The Endales paid for dressing, as Parsons would probably say, Drogo mused. Lord Daryl, restored to health with the rapid resilience of childhood, had gone up on his knees to peer out the window, and was bedeviling his sisters with questions about a strange-looking beast in a field they were passing. Hilary suggested it might be a unicorn, but Meredith, also leaning forward to peer, said that she discerned two horns.

“Would that make it a dragon or a chimera?” quizzed Daryl with a twinkle. Drogo was inclined to admire the little earl. He had had nothing to do with children, and did not believe he would ever wish to, but Daryl was proving himself to be an intelligent, bright, and manly little fellow, who never whined or made demands upon his Benefactor. He was clearly not spoiled, in spite of his sisters’ obvious devotion—or perhaps because of it? A provocative thought for a man who had never known what it was to be petted and cosseted by a mother or a sister.

Drogo’s fine golden eyes moved contemplatively across the three feminine countenances under the modish bonnets. A handsome family, he decided, in spite of the odd kick in their gallop. For of course, the duke could put only limited credence in their tall tale of a Gothic Guardian with murder on his mind.

Drogo told himself that by late that night he would be rid of the bothersome children at last: his duty done to a fellow nobleman. Let Lady Bella sort out the problem with the encroaching heir. She was most definitely capable of dealing with a man far more alarming than the land-hungry Wardell!

Having mentally sloughed off his ill-fitting responsibility, Drogo expected to feel a sense of release. He tried to bring up in memory a list of desirable females of his acquaintance, one of whom might be persuaded to amuse him for a few weeks, but in the middle of this usually entertaining review, he caught an inquiring glance from Leslie, and found himself as embarrassed as though he had introduced a risqué topic in front of the children.

Leslie, mistaking his sudden frown for annoyance at the girls’ and Daryl’s constant babble, made haste to apologize.

“It should not be long now, sir, before you are free of us. I must tell you again that we can never repay our debt to—” she chuckled naughtily —“our Benefactor.”

“And what,” countered Drogo, for some reason wishing to be unpleasant, “if old Lady Endale refuses to accept you?”

Leslie refused to rise to the bait. “Then we shall simply have to find a way to support ourselves until Daryl reaches his majority, she replied.

The duke glared at her. “Foolish child! You have no conception of the perils, the ugly realities which await you in the streets of London. Have you ever visited the town?”

Leslie was no longer smiling. “No,” she admitted soberly.

“But you have met your great-aunt?” persisted the duke.

“No,” whispered the girl.

Shocked, Drogo stared at her downcast countenance. “I do not believe what I am hearing!” he announced, in such an angry voice that all three younger children ceased their quiet prattle and stared at their host. He controlled himself with an effort, and went on more quietly, “You have never met the woman? You have no idea, then, whether she will agree to accept you all into her home?” With rising suspicion he added, “Why is it that you have never met your father’s aunt?”

“She quarreled with her brother,” admitted Leslie, “and as a consequence, refused to speak to him, or my father, or even my mother. And of course, not to their children,” she added miserably.

The duke exhaled noisily. “Now you tell me!” he thundered. “After you have wheedled me into aiding you to run away from your legal guardian and your family home! Do you wish to have me hauled up before the magistrates on a charge of kidnapping?”

Meeting that blazing golden glare, Leslie herself caught fire. “I told you two days ago I would rather take the stagecoach to London! Had you sensibly agreed to my suggestion then, there would now be no chance of your being hauled up anywhere! If you will give your coachman the office to stop at the next inn, I shall relieve you of our distasteful presence forever!”

Into the shocked silence that greeted this emotional outburst, Hilary’s voice came with a wail. “Oh, sister! How can you address our Benefactor so? After all he has done for us! These pretty redingotes! The darling bonnets! And the shoes, Leslie! I have never worn handsomer ones. But of course, if you insist upon our leaving the duke’s protection, we shall have to give it all back,” Hilary concluded with a desolate sniffle.

Oddly pleased by this hysterical oration, the duke waited with interest for Leslie’s reply. When the girl had nothing to say, but merely sat, frowning unhappily, he prodded in self-righteous tones, “Your sister has expressed her very sensible doubts of your ill-advised scheme. Of course you cannot arrive in the wickedest city in the world unescorted, and with no knowledge of how to find safe and suitable lodging! Let me hear no more of this dangerous nonsense. You are alarming your sisters and brother,” he added gratuitously.

With a sinking heart, Leslie was forced to acknowledge that the duke was right. She had not planned well, snatching the children away from their home without first making sure that their great-aunt would receive them. And it was equally true that, if Lady Bella refused to accept them, Leslie had no idea where to go or what to do to provide for her siblings. The one thing she was sure of was that she would never let Daryl return to March Warden’s guardianship.

Into her sober meditation intruded the clear voice of Meredith, “Is London really the wickedest city in the world, Drogo?” she asked.

Opening her mouth to chide her sister for the unauthorized use of their Benefactor’s name, Leslie met his mocking smile and held her peace.

When he was sure she did not intend to argue the matter, Drogo addressed the question.

“Well, perhaps Marseilles is worse, or Port Said. . . .” He grinned. “I have not made a thorough study of the matter.”

Afraid that Meredith, in her innocence, might demand details, Leslie hastened to change the subject. It disturbed her to see how completely her siblings had accepted Drogo Trevelyan into their family circle. Even more disturbing was the manner in which their reluctant host seemed to be accepting his role, not only as Benefactor, but lately as guardian, instructor, and could it be—friend? An alien warmth began to suffuse Leslie’s body at the thought. She stared searchingly into the handsome countenance across from her. It was animated, a roguish smile teasing the lips as he joked with Hilary. Danger! advised Leslie’s mind.





Fortunately—or unfortunately—Lady Bella was at home when the ducal carriage pulled up in front of her austere mansion in Cavendish Square. One groom hopped smartly down from the box and ran up to belabor the heavy brass knocker, while a second servant opened the carriage door and let down the steps. He assisted the weary girls and the little boy down to the pavement, and then glanced inside to see if his master intended to accompany the party to their destination.

Heaving an obvious sigh of resignation, which he made sure Leslie noticed, Drogo got out and stood towering above his small charges. With unexpected kindness, he smiled encouragingly at the tired, apprehensive faces raised so trustingly to his.

“Forward the troops,” he rallied them cheerfully. “You must lead us in the assault, Endale!”

Grinning, the boy offered his younger sisters each an arm. “I am making sure I have enough support,” he said with an excellent imitation of a military snap.

Everyone chuckled. The duke offered his arm to Leslie, and the shared joke carried them triumphantly through the moment of confrontation as the massive doors were flung open and a formidable butler glared down his nose at the oddly assorted crew.

Daryl took the offensive.

“I am Endale,” he said clearly. “I have brought my sisters and a friend to call upon my great-aunt.”

Bravo, Daryl! thought Leslie, glancing at the big man beside her to see what he thought of her brother. Although his face now bore the cool arrogance that was his wonted expression, he met her glance with admiration in his own eyes.

The butler, refusing to be disconcerted by the motley party, now transferred his cold glare to the most important figure.

“Your name, sir?” he dared to ask.

“I am Kenelm,” said Drogo icily. “I shall explain my business here to Lady Bella—when I am permitted to see her.” The words were clearly a threat, and the butler, recognizing the authentic voice of authority, bowed at once and silently ushered the party into the spacious, cold, ill-lit hallway.

Drogo, every inch the duke, made a thorough survey of the premises—and then sniffed disparagingly.

Leslie, caught as much by surprise as the butler, was forced to throttle a laugh. Drogo’s single action informed everyone who heard him exactly what he thought of the townhouse of Lady Bella.

Drogo added to the butler’s rout by instructing the toplofty servant, “You may announce us to your mistress in the following form of address: ‘The Most Noble the Duke of Kenelm, The Right Honorable the Earl of Endale, Lady Leslie, Lady Hilary, and Lady Meredith Endale.’ Do you have that?”

With deep chagrin, the butler paced across the echoing hallway to a large pair of doors, which he thrust open with as much éclat as he could manage, coughed, said “milady,” and then delivered the required announcement.

The young Endales were too busy enjoying the rout of the formidable butler to be nervous at meeting their great-aunt. They advanced into the cluttered drawing room with bright smiles on their faces, which slowly changed into surprise and then alarm as a towering female figure in pseudo-Grecian robes swept toward them aggressively.

“What is this I am supposed to welcome into my home?” demanded Lady Bella. “A gazetted rake, three nondescript females, and a small boy—”

“I am your great-nephew Daryl, Aunt Bella.” The boy’s voice rang clearly into the silence his four companions were too affronted to break. “My sister Leslie thought you might offer us sanctuary. My cousin Wardell wishes to kill me.” A wide smile broke across the solemn little face lifted so confidently to the old woman’s. “Of course, you may feel the same way after I have been here for a while, but I am sure you are too intelligent to try it. You are not my heir, after all.”

Had he known her intimately for a dozen years, Daryl could not have found a better way to pique Lady Bella’s interest. She was a lonely, rather bitter old woman whose only real satisfaction in a long life had been her ability to use a good mind in intellectual matters. She gloried in the title of bluestocking, and led her literary, artistic, and even scientific soirees with brilliance and verve. So it was that Daryl’s comment was the one sure way to unlock her rigidly guarded emotions.

She scanned the small face turned up to hers for a long moment. And then, “Welcome, Endale,” she said crisply. Next, she stared hard at the duke, who met her searching scrutiny with bland attention. “Humph,” she said finally, “I know what to think of you, sirrah!”

When he grinned boyishly, her hard expression softened minutely, “Oh, you’re a charmer, I give you that! But with such parents as you had to suffer, a lunatic and a whiner, it is a wonder you emerged with your sanity intact.”

Without waiting to see the effects of this devastating comment, she turned finally to scrutinize the three girls. Her eyes rested longest upon Meredith, and then returned to Leslie.

“You are?”

“I am Leslie—” began the girl.

“Named, like your sisters, because my nephew had a consuming desire to create heirs,” snapped Lady Bella. “Why did you not change your male names when your parents died?”

Leslie felt quite unable to defend her failure to take an action she had never even considered.

Meredith, however, was nodding comprehension. “I think, Aunt Bella, that by the time my parents were killed, we had grown to like our names. After all, Hilary means the Cheerful One; and Leslie means One Who Owns Property,” the little girl giggled, “although she will probably have to marry to get it, since all ours is entailed on Daryl! And of course, Meredith means Protector of the Sea. Do you think I should join the navy?”

Almost against her will, Lady Bella found herself smiling back at the child. Obviously an intelligent urchin, and had done some reading! She looked with a kindlier eye upon her unexpected guests. Then, capitulating, she waved her hand toward the numerous padded chairs and sofas that filled the room.

“You might as well sit down,” she said. “Since I am sure you are going to stay. Meredith, will you pull the bell for Weems? He is no doubt hovering just outside the door, listening to what we are saying.”

The door opened before Meredith could touch the bell-rope. “Yes, milady?” asked Weems crossly.

“Refreshment for His Grace and for my great-nieces. I am sure you will know what to serve Lord Drogo, and Cook will be pleased to furbish up a dish of treats for the children. Bustle, man! I’ll have a glass of brandy with the duke.”

For the first time since he had entered the mansion, Drogo relaxed. It was going to work! Those amazing little Endales had done it again! He was only thankful that Hilary had not seen fit to flaunt her delicate emotions upon the old harridan in the toga. His gaze shifted to Leslie, now giving polite answers to a stream of questions from Lady Bella. She had reached an explanation of their reasons for seeking sanctuary in London: the vicious horse, the mysterious fire. Drogo waited with resignation for Lady Bella’s rejection of the charges against Wardell.

He was agreeably surprised when the old harridan nodded.

“I know little of March Wardell, except that he married a rich cit’s daughter of remarkable plainness. He has never sought me out, and a good thing, for I would have had Weems refuse him! I can quite accept that he might wish to dispose of the earl. As long as Wardell was content to stay in the country, he could lord it over the rustics, and his wife might even come to be received someday.”

“But murder?” objected Drogo.

“To gain an earldom? Why not?” countered Lady Bella. “It is not an unknown act in English history. And you cannot tell me there was anyone left who cared a rap what happened to these children.”

“It appears that you, ma’am, might learn to do so,” said Drogo quietly, just as Weems entered, leading two footmen bearing trays to the immense delight and satisfaction of the Endales.





Chapter 14





Not unexpectedly, Leslie summoned to Lady Bella’s bedroom the following morning, and invited to share a cup of tea. For a sensible period the two women remained silent, assessing each other carefully.

The old woman saw a tall, too slender girl—not surprising in view of the desperate journey through the woods! A thick mane of shining dark hair framed a delicately featured face. One’s first impression was of modesty and breeding, but little sparkle. Until you see her eyes, thought Lady Bella, fascinated by the large, slightly slanted, light blue eyes trained in thick dark lashes. They mirrored and reflected every change of emotion. The girl has possibilities, decided Lady Bella, and broke the measuring silence.

“You were too tired, and I was too surprised, to begin a real acquaintance last night,” she said briskly. “I must admit that, had I been consulted before you arrived, I should have denied you the sanctuary your brother demanded. Oh, I am not withdrawing my support,” she amended quickly, seeing the startled expression on Leslie’s vulnerable face. “I am coming to believe that I shall find you Endales both a stimulus and a challenge. I may have been getting a little too narrowly set in my thinking,” she decided.

Leslie was still wary. “I shall endeavor to find work as soon as possible, and relieve you of our presence,” she began quietly. “Perhaps you might recommend me to one of your friends as a companion—or even a dresser?”

Lady Bella’s response to the manifest absurdity of this request was a disparaging sniff. For some reason this reminded Leslie so sharply of Drogo’s unspoken comment upon entering the mansion last night that she could not help laughing.

Lady Bella eyed Leslie’s face with surprise. “You should laugh more often,” she said briskly. “It quite transforms your face. Well, I had better get started. I see I have much to do,” she mused.

“Much—?” Leslie’s anxious face revealed her confusion.

“To bring you into fashion,” her amazing relative informed her. “We can afford to wait to launch your sisters into the ton. Hilary is too young and too unstable to be fired off into what Lord Byron called ‘A Feast of Vultures.’ Of course, he was speaking about war when he wrote that,” she explained kindly, “but make no mistake; the social battle for consequence is a war! I myself have never desired to enter the lists. As for Meredith, it seems to me that she is capable of more important things than captivating a group of pampered, self-satisfied males. She may never desire to make her debut into the beau monde. But you, my girl, have distinct social potential.” She cocked her aged head to one side, evaluating the slender figure before her. “Yes, I believe you could be shaped into something quite special to titillate the jaded taste of the ton.”

Leslie had had her mouth open to set this opinionated old woman to rights, but as the meaning of what she was saying began to penetrate her mind, a wild hope sprang up. Could Leslie Endale—tall, thin, plain—become something “quite special”? Special enough to interest one in particular of the “pampered, self-satisfied males”? It was too enticing a suggestion to be dismissed out of hand. She stared at her grant-aunt warily.

“Exactly what could be achieved, ma’am—had you but world enough, and time—say a thousand years to train my eyebrows to a suitable arrogance, two thousand to mold the rest of me into a coy . . . charmer?” Leslie misquoted Andrew Marvell with a twinkle.

“Aha! The chit is a bluestocking!” cried the older woman with real delight. “Grand-niece, whence had you this knowledge of the metaphysical poet—and one of his naughty love poems at that?” quizzed Lady Bella.

“My dear mama often read to us, when she put us down to sleep,” said Leslie. “She was as likely to choose a love poem as a nursery rhyme.”

There was a little silence. Then Lady Bella drained her teacup and said gruffly, “I wish I had known her. I was foolish to permit a disagreement with my brother to cut off all communication with the rest of his family. Not that I regret quarreling with Thomas,” she amended hastily. “But I fear I missed a great deal in ignoring your parents, my child.”

“They were happy,” said Leslie slowly. “Like two loving children! I often felt that I was their parent, rather than the reverse.”

“You have done a praiseworthy job of raising the earl,” admitted Lady Bella. “And Meredith has clearly been encouraged to develop her intelligence. Hilary is still a closed book to me, but I shall not mind her presence here, I think.” She nodded firmly. “I believe I like you all.”

Leslie had to smother a grin as she looked at the older woman. Lady Bella’s attire this morning was no less striking than the Grecian chlamys or whatever it was she had worn last night. Upon her head she sported a turban-like nightcap, which emphasized her long, horsey face. As a bedgown, she had donned something that more closely resembled a tent than anything else Leslie could think of. Out of it her old arms and hands thrust, wrinkled and age spotted, as she handled her delicate teacup and saucer with elegant ease. The most striking feature in the leathery old countenance was a pair of deep blue eyes, bright and alert now as she contemplated the girl.

“Yes, I am going to enjoy have you young Endales with me,” she announced. “It will be a new kind of challenge. The first thing to do is buy you all some suitable costumes.”

Leslie felt an unaccustomed warmth. “I think this is very pretty,” she protested, running her hand lightly down the front of the redingote the duke had purchased.

“Oh, Kendale had good taste—or his valet does,” Lady Bella admitted, “but you are not going to tell me that one decent traveling costume will be enough for a London Season?”

“Are we to have a Season?” whispered Leslie, suddenly very frightened at the turn of events.

“You are,” conceded her great-aunt. “The others are too young—thank God! I rather doubt even my ability to launch all four of you at once!”

And suddenly she laughed, and Leslie laughed, and everything was right, and safe, and rich with delightful promise.





The only flaw in the next exciting week was the complete absence of any word from the duke. For the first three days Leslie had been afraid he would call—and for the last four she had been afraid he would not. What was wrong? Was he ill? Had he gone back to his notorious haunts in Europe, to continue the dissolute life he had lived there? Or had he, perhaps, returned to Kenelm to get on with the restoration of his family estates which he had mentioned to her?

Leslie still felt a pang of guilt when she recalled that it was her stupid intervention, with her siblings and their problem, that had forced His Grace to cut short his plans. Of course he would have returned at once to undertake the monumental task of rebuilding! To her surprise, Leslie discovered that she would give a great deal to be at his side, helping with the restoration. Oh, learning to be a debutante was fun, and a challenge, but working with Drogo Trevelyan would have been . . . pure joy!

One evening, after a long and difficult day with the couturier, coiffeur, and dancing master, great-aunt and niece faced each other over a delicious dinner. The occasion was far from somber, since all three younger Endales had joined them at the board, and questions and comments flew like arrows amid much laughter. Wiping tears of mirth from her eyes at some barbed comment from Hilary, Lady Bella chuckled.

“It was the wisest move of a brilliant career when I brought you children here to London,” she said.

Provocatively mimed expressions of disbelief sent the old lady off into another fit of laughter. “Oh, very well! When you ruffians forced your way into these chaste Halls of Athene, then!” She peered around at the four bright, laughing faces with affection. “Well, let’s have a report! What have you done today, Endale?”

“Rode my new horse—he’s a beauty, Aunt Bella! Plenty of spirit, but a sweet nature. And no, I didn’t fall off! Then I studied my books.” This last was said with such a change of tone that all the females giggled.

“Oho, Daryl,” chided his great-aunt, laughing, “you show less enthusiasm for education than for equitation, that’s plain! Don’t forget you must manage your estates when you’re older. Endale demands that Endale accomplish!”

The mention of his estates brought a sudden halt to the general merriment. Ever lurking, in Leslie’s mind, at least, was the threat of March Warden’s legal guardianship. The girl turned to her great-aunt.

“Have your men-of-law been able to find a way to place us under your aegis, rather than Wardell’s, ma’am?” she asked.

Lady Bella pursed her lips. “I have not heard from them yet, although I placed the matter in their hands the day after you arrived,” she informed them. “It is not unusual for the process of law to be ponderous—and devilish slow.” She frowned. “Still, I believe I had better make inquiries as to their progress.”

Observing the faces gravely sobered by this mention of their frightening problem, the old woman hastened to change the subject. “And you, Hilary? How have you spent your day?”

The pretty little faced lighted up with excitement. “I had a fitting for a new costume and the darlingest pair of boots! Thank you, Aunt Bella! And then I had a dancing lesson, with Meredith. We love the gavotte! Much livelier than the minuet! And then our maid washed and brushed my hair into different styles, so that we might decide which suits me best!” She dimpled at them from under her crown of shining golden hair. “Isn’t it pretty? Bartel is a jewel!”

“I wish she could make me look as well,” grumbled the old lady, but no one was deceived. Lady Bella had no desire to titivate. “Burnish the mind, not the countenance,” she had said to Hilary one morning when the girl was coaxing her to join the female Endales in a grooming session.

“And that’s all you’ve been doing?” demanded Lady Bella.

Under the incredulous glances of her siblings, Hilary blushed. “I have been learning French with Mr. Randolph, the tutor you provided for us,” she confessed softly, “and he has me reading Shakespeare.” The last word was a whisper.

Bella crowed with pleasure. “French and drama! Thank God you are not the pin-brain I feared!”

Hilary put on an offended pout, while her siblings hooted.

The old lady turned to Meredith. “And you, little one? How have you busied yourself while I struggled mightily to give Leslie a little town bronze?”

“I idled away most of the time in your library, ma’am,” said Meredith solemnly. “Nothing so earth-shaking.”

“Were you bored, child?” demanded the old woman sharply.

Meredith chuckled. “You know I was not—could not be. Weems had to rout me out in time to dress for dinner.”

Lady Bella’s eyes sparkled with satisfaction. “What were you browsing over?”

Meredith’s laughing expression faded. She peered at her siblings warily. “Uh . . . Harvey’s Lectures on the Whole of Anatomy . . .”

Three pairs of startled eyes and one pair warmly admiring met her tentative gaze. No one spoke for a moment.

Then, “Science, eh?” mused her great-aunt. “Not quite the easiest course for a young lady to follow.”

“Me-re-dith!” gasped Hilary. “That’s worse than a bluestocking!”

“What shall we call her?” asked Daryl, grinning. “Since bluestocking doesn’t fit the crime?”

“Lady Sawbones?” giggled Hilary.

“Miss Bandage?” suggested the earl.

Leslie smiled happily. What a blessing, she was thinking, that Lady Bella had taken the young Endales into her household, and under her protection. There was quite possibly no other set of circumstances that would have given them all an access to their heart’s desire: Daryl, training necessary to discharge his family duties well; Hilary, a chance to develop her mind as well as her social graces; Meredith, the opportunity to exercise her fine intelligence in fields normally quite “unsuitable” for young females. And herself? What was her dream, her destiny?

Unbidden, unwelcome, an arrogant, beautiful male face and figure came into her mind. No! She was foolish beyond permission to consider Drogo Trevelyan, absurd to pin her hopes on a closer relationship with one whom her great-aunt had labeled, probably justly, a gazetted rake. Still, he had returned to England. He was planning to restore his damaged heritage. Surely this was not the work of a . . . rake?

Leslie set her chin at a defiant angle. Rake or not, she found him fascinating, and longed to see him again.

Lady Bella, who had been watching with deep interest the changing expressions that moved across Leslie’s face, now said crisply, “Well, Leslie, what is your plan of action? To conquer the beau monde, of course! For the sake of the Endale consequence, you must have a success, and receive at least two good offers, and marry well! But beyond that?”

Leslie drew a deep breath. “I shall be satisfied with one good offer,” she said quietly.

Strangely enough, the others forbore to question her.

Although he had sent flowers to all four ladies, and handsome riding crop to the young earl, the duke had not appeared in Cavendish Square since that first night when he had delivered the Endales to their great-aunt. The younger ones had mentioned his absence, but Leslie had not tried to make excuses for his failure to pay a duty call. “He knows how well-suited we are with Aunt Bella,” she had said with rather a strained smile.

Lady Bella, pursing her lips slightly, changed the subject. There was a great deal more to this tall, quiet girl than was revealed on the surface. One glance at the huge, beautiful eyes in that small, vulnerable face informed any knowledgeable person of Leslie’s unexpected depths. It seemed clear to the old woman that her great-niece had a youthful infatuation for the arrogant, beautiful Drogo Trevelyan. Lady Bella, while she appreciated the dazzling fellow’s charm and allure, had no intention of permitting any girl in her charge to fall so far under his spell as to do anything foolish.

Not that Lady Bella thought Drogo was deliberately trying to ensnare the chit. No, his behavior had been unexceptionable: He had delivered his unwanted charges promptly to the door of their duenna; he had sent elegant cadeaux to their hostess and them; he had correctly forborne to pursue the casual acquaintance.

Yet Leslie was not the usual young debutante, mused the old woman. Unexpectedly she chuckled. Perhaps Lord Drogo, that polished seducer, had met his match at last! Lady Bella set herself happily to await developments.





Chapter 15





Although Drogo Trevelyan’s cronies would not have credited it had they heard the report, the duke was in truth thinking seriously of undertaking the restoration of his family’s primary estate. Lawyer Muir, apprised of His Grace’s intention, could not at first believe his ears. Then he was betrayed into almost maudlin admiration.

“My dear boy! What a splendid decision!” Then, catching sight of Drogo’s quizzically raised eyebrow, the lawyer recollected himself, and continued dryly, “I thought I had understood you to say that Kenelm Place could fall into rack and ruin for all you cared?”

The duke had the grace to color slightly, but his gaze was steady as he explained, “I had rather an interesting experience when I was checking on the offer to buy Kenelm. Oh, by the way, you were right. It is almost certain that the Mysterious Purchaser is March Wardell, the young earl’s guardian—who is,” he interjected with a frown, “fairly well thought of among the county bigwigs.”

Muir pursed his lips. “I take it you do not share the general admiration?”

“I have not met the fellow, but I have taken a dislike to him,” admitted the duke. “But not without some evidence, I hasten to assure you! You see, the interesting experience of which I spoke was meeting, in my attics at Kenelm, with the little earl and his sisters.” A reminiscent grin tugged at his lips. “An unusual family,” he added. “Have you by any chance encountered them?”

Highly diverted, the lawyer shook his head and waited for the story.

“I had just been deposited at my front door—oh,” Drogo interjected, “I’ve dismissed that lumbering oaf you had keeping the gates. Parsons hired me a substitute. You’ll get the bill. As I say, I was standing in the front hallway when I heard . . . sounds coming from overhead. Of course, I thought it was thieves—gypsies, perhaps, come to pick at the carcass! So I armed myself with a candlestick and raced upstairs. To find—” and he grinned “—the Earl of Endale being sick in my father’s bed, and his sisters rifling through my family’s old clothes in the attics.”

Before the fascinated eyes of his lawyer, the duke’s grin became a laugh. “The two younger girls had resurrected an ancient bonnet each from the boxes, and were wearing them with absurd panache. The older girl, Leslie—” Drogo’s smile reached his eyes, and he paused in his account. Then, shaking his head, he went on in a softer voice, “Lady Leslie was . . . er . . . bent over, delving into a huge old trunk. You see, they had been running away from March Wardell for several nights through drenching rain, hiding out under bushes or in hollow tree trunks by day. They were thoroughly soaked, cold, and very hungry—Although Leslie had pinched some brandy, and kept them alive with sips of that!”

The unaccustomed boyish grin was back on the duke’s well-cut lips. Lawyer Muir regarded his most notable client with deep interest. Whatever had stirred the normally bored and arrogant nobleman to such amused appreciation was to be cherished, since it had plainly aroused his dormant interest in his ancestral estates.

“They were running away from March Wardell?” Gently the lawyer nudged at his client’s obviously pleasant preoccupation.

Drogo frowned. “It came out that their guardian had arranged a couple of ‘accidents’ which might easily have proved fatal to the earl. Leslie was seeking sanctuary in my home—which, according to common gossip, was empty and abandoned. The Endales were in fairly desperate plight, as you may imagine, and were searching for dry, clean garments and, after that, some food to strengthen them for their final desperate dash to London to appeal to their father’s aunt, Lady Bella Endale.”

“I have heard of that lady,” murmured Lawyer Muir, smothering a grin.

“The militant bluestocking,” nodded the duke. “We five broke the square and routed her, foot, horse, and verbal attack! Lord Daryl was self-possessed, and his sisters utterly charming. Lady Bella accepted the appeal, and they are now safe under her shield.”

“Well done!” agreed Muir, now eager to hear the rest of this provocative account. “You intend to sponsor them into the ton, then, do you sir?”

The duke stared at him as though he were mad. “Sponsor them? I hope never to set eyes on any of them again!”

Lawyer Muir had a sense of having somehow missed his step. “Never . . .? But I thought I understood you to say . . .” his voice trailed into silence as the duke glanced at him sharply.

“I intend going back to Kenelm and beginning a complete restoration,” he said largely. “For some reason, this ridiculous invasion of my home has . . . has brushed away the cobwebs.” Drogo shook his head slightly, as though not quite sure of what he was saying, and then grinned tauntingly. “I was sure you would greet my change of heart with cheers of encouragement, Muir. You’ve been going on at me for months about my obligations to the name and all that!”

Samuel Muir stared into the handsome, smiling face. He could see something new there, something he had had brief, vague glimpses of in a younger Drogo, but had thought long dead. A sense of boyish fun, of enjoyment—of expectation. Muir wondered what it was that had worked the change. Surely not a single visit to a home he had always claimed to hate? Could it be the defiant, charming young Endales who had stimulated his optimism?

Or perhaps one particular one of them?





Chapter 16





How the devil did I get into this squeeze? thought the duke morosely. He was astride his favorite stallion, Ajax, in the driveway before his stately home, watching the cheerful bustle of carpenters, stonemasons, and gardeners as they labored with goodwill to restore Kenelm Place. Even the architect he had brought down from London had been caught up in the general delight that the county’s most important Great House was being rapidly returned to its former splendor. Drogo scarcely dared to show his face in Kenelm Village, so voluble was the pleased satisfaction of the locals, from peers to plebeians.

Yet, in the midst of the general euphoria that had been created by his decision, Drogo was aware that he alone failed to share it. He had a nagging sense of . . . failure? Discontent? Loss?

Annoyed, he cast a sharp eye over the scene, eager to discover something—anything—about which he could justifiably complain. There was nothing. Everywhere, from roofs to foundations, was cheerful bustle; dust flying; shouting and laughter and the racket of rebuilding. Everywhere men were intent upon their tasks and proud of the results of their labor. As he watched his servants, the duke felt a strange emotion rising in his breast, an almost feudal sense of responsibility, of protectiveness, of pride in his workmen busy at their tasks.

Immediately, of course, he denied the emotion. Was that man of the world, the sophisticated Duke of Kenelm, whose cold, impregnable heart was notorious throughout the beau monde, to admit to sentimental folly? The fault, he told himself rancorously, lay with a gaggle of urchins who had somehow managed to create within his well-hardened heart this greatly-to-be-deplored weakness. It was that ramshackle band of refugees who had breached his defenses, cut up his peace, leaving him open to the assaults of unfamiliar feelings.

Again, unbidden, there rose in his memory the sight of one small female with a quiet, guileless manner and wide, honest yes. Had the little chit bewitched him? Damned if he could get her out of his head! With a heavy hand, he pulled the reins and set Ajax galloping down the long, winding driveway toward the gates. The horse was more than willing to enjoy a run, and Drogo told himself that it was the dust and commotion of the work on the mansion that had driven him away.

After half an hour’s hard going, both man and horse were ready to return to the inn, which Drogo had in effect taken over as headquarters for himself and his staff. Parsons had quietly assumed command of the inn staff, to the relief of the Crosses. Everything was going so smoothly, Drogo told himself, that he had been lulled into a state of foolish vulnerability. And that was why the maddening image of Lady Leslie Endale haunted his days as well as his nights!

He would have to banish her image at once, the duke decided with a cynical curl to his lips. And the best way to banish one female, he had learned, was to substitute another, fresher charmer. Unfortunately, there were obstacles to this very sensible decision. For one thing, even had there been a variety of candidates available in the village—which there was not—Drogo discovered that he could not bring himself to indulge in lascivious play with the daughters or wives of his surprisingly loyal workmen. Not at all the thing, in spite of the wicked folktales concerning dissolute noblemen and farmer’s daughters!

No, it suddenly became clear to the duke that he would have to take a run up to London to refresh himself with a little light dalliance in that sophisticated city. You see, he told the image of the serious little face that persisted in presenting itself to his inner vision, I know the way to exorcise you! So, much pleased with his own worldly nous, Drogo gave Parsons the word to pack.

Instead of the pleased relief the duke had expected from his valet, Parsons put on a Friday face.

“What’s got into you?” Drogo demanded. “I should have thought you’d be capering for joy at a chance to escape this bucolic wasteland.”

“We have our duties here, Your Grace,” said Parsons stiffly. “I have discovered that one of the Cross sons, taught by his mama, shows astonishing skill as a cook. He prepared the excellent quenelles of veal you enjoyed last night. With a little help, he might come to equal Chef Jacques in our London townhouse. I am training him now to recognize the better wines. I have also found time to work with the new gatekeeper, a steady fellow who will not put up with nonsense, but who knows how to treat the gentry. And there is—”

The duke held up one arrogant hand. “Can I believe my ears? The urbane Parsons actually enjoying himself among the gape-seeds? Or have you discovered in yourself a secret desire to become a major-domo?”

The question had been mockingly asked. To Drogo’s surprise, a dark tide rose in the valet’s cheeks. The imperturbable Parsons is actually embarrassed! thought the duke. With a curious stare, he asked, “Would you care to become my butler at Kenelm Place, Parsons?”

After a startled pause, the valet said, with pride, “I should be honored to serve Kenelm in that capacity, Your Grace.”

Ye gods! I am surrounded by feudal types who wish to become my liege men! I had better escape to London before they insist upon swearing fealty! thought the bemused duke.

Yet even while he mocked himself as well as the locals, Drogo still could not deny the small thrill of pleasure that his new status as liege lord gave him.

In the event, the duke left his newly appointed butler to oversee the alterations and repairs at Kenelm, and keep things running smoothly during his master’s escape to London. The very real disappointment with which his departure was greeted by the whole population of the county kept a small, warm glow of emotion burning in Drogo’s heart.

Parsons had given his master a list of things the valet believed to be essential to the smooth running of the refurbished mansion, things that could only be obtained in London. The architect, who flatteringly refused to return to the metropolis until his restoration of the noble house was completed to his satisfaction, had begged His Grace to choose certain furnishings to replace outworn or outmoded pieces.

“Your taste is impeccable, Your Grace. You will want to have the final decision, I am sure.”

With earnest assurances from all the sundry that his affairs would be carefully dealt with in his absence, Drogo had set out on a journey he had originally planned as a casual, licentious fling, but that now had assumed both the dignity and the obligations of a ducal progress. And now, to cap his discontent, he discovered that he was affronted by the oppressive stench and haze of London.

Getting down from his carriage in front of his massive town house, Drogo wondered if the city had always smelled so stale and appeared so unappealing? I am spoiled by bucolic freshness, he mused wryly, striding through double doors held open by bowing footmen. Within an hour he was washed, changed, and ready to visit the clubs to pick up the latest on dit and hear of the reigning diamonds and charmers.

Six hours later he was again entering his house, oddly disappointed and disgruntled. He had found that most of his special cronies were either absent, drunk, or boring. The names of acknowledged beauties who were currently uncommitted to their noble husbands roused in Drogo none of the hunting instinct he expected, while the list of the available fashionable demimondaines struck him as remarkably unexciting. What is the matter with me? he wondered as he allowed himself to be prepared for bed by an inept substitute for Parsons. I am already bored after only a few hours in the wickedest city in the world—well, one of the three wickedest, he amended with a grin, remembering a conversation with the children during the drive to London.

Strangely, the memory of the Endales brought him a sense of pleasant expectation that he could not understand. Of course, he would not dream of calling in Cavendish Square to see how the brats went on! Quite the last thing he would ever wish to do, he assured himself. But what if old Lady Bella, driven mad by their juvenile excesses, had already gotten rid of the wretched waifs!

At the thought that the Endales might have disappeared, Drogo was forced to admit two things. First, that he had found the young Endales not only well-behaved but also delightful and fascinating companions. Second, that the Duke of Kenelm would be paying them a courtesy visit the very next morning, as early as custom permitted! In fact, decided the duke, the little Leslie had better be where he had so properly bestowed her, and not traipsing irresponsibly around an admittedly wicked city!

Quite unruffled by his surprising about-face, Drogo settled in happily for a good night’s sleep.





The following morning, His Grace dropped into White’s for a cup of coffee and the latest gossip before paying his duty call on Lady Bella. He hoped to discover whether anyone in the beau monde had become aware of the presence in London of the young Earl of Endale and his sisters, especially the eldest of them.

He was unpleasantly surprised.

It appeared that Lady Bella had indeed exerted herself to bring Leslie into the notice of the ton—with less than happy results. The youngest son of the Marquis of Tatom, whom Drogo had never considered worthy of more than a cool glance in passing, barged in brashly on a discussion that Drogo was conducting with an old school friend, Kevin O’Dare.

“If you’re speaking of Lady Leslie Endale, I have a word of warning for you,” said the complacent young buck. “I was dragooned by my mama—a bosom bow of the old bluestocking’s—into dancing with the girl last night at mama’s ball. The chit has no looks, no conversation, and she can’t dance!”

“Then it is fortunate for impecunious younger sons that she has the wealth of a nabob, is it not?” asked Drogo with a sarcasm so cutting that it surprised even himself.

Kevin looked after the routed busybody with a grin. “I should say you put him pretty sharply in his place, old boy,” he commented. “What’s the Endale girl to you, Drogo? She’s not precisely your style, surely?”

“You have met her?” Drogo demanded. “You were at the Tatom’s last night?”

“For my sins,” intoned Kevin with mock anguish. “A very boring evening, the food scanty and the liquor almost undrinkable. Fruit cup, or some such,” he concluded with a shiver.

“Lady Leslie,” prompted Drogo, bringing him back to the subject.

Kevin pursed his lips. “Well, she isn’t the disaster young Lackwit suggested. She’s very quiet, though, and so badly rigged out that she could be Venus and no one would realize it.”

I knew it! groaned Drogo silently. I should never have left her with that totty-headed old woman! Aloud he said grimly, “She made a show of herself?”

Kevin shook his head. “No, I told you she was very quiet. Not at all the sparkling debutante who is constantly surrounded by adoring males.” He frowned. It appeared his friend was in some way entangled with the little creature, and might be involved in her rejection by the ton. “I’ve never seen a worse getup, Drogo. If you have an interest in the chit, take her to the best dressmaker in London before she ventures into society again! She looked like the ingenue in a badly staged Italian farce. Of course, if she is as rich as Croesus, only the highest sticklers will hold her appearance against her. An earl’s sister, too,” he finished supportively.

While Kevin was speaking, his expression had been growing more cheerful. He ventured a question. “What’s the girl to you, Drogo?”

What indeed? Drogo asked himself. Elevating his eyebrow dauntingly, he resurrected the earlier fiction. “I have an obligation to her father, a longtime neighbor of my family. The parents were killed in an accident a few months ago, and I had the . . . duty of bringing the orphans to their great-aunt. I had hoped,” he finished grimly, “that Lady Bella would launch the girl successfully.”

Kevin grinned. “You have been abroad, haven’t you? Still, you cannot convince me that a man of your nous spent several years in London without at least hearing of old bluestocking! Had you actually imagined that bookish eccentric would know how to fire off a debutante?”

“I seem to have overestimated her flair,” muttered the duke. “Well, I’ll have to set things to rights.”

Kevin’s eyes widened. Could this elegant roué, this terror of matchmaking mamas, be planning to launch a plain little country bumpkin into the vicious arena that was the ton?

“May I help you, Drogo?” he murmured discretely. Then, at the sudden arrogant frown on his friend’s face, he said quickly, “I know every hostess in London, and I’m in better odor with most of them than you are, you rake-hell! Between us, we could get young Lady Leslie an invitation to almost any festivity in town. To say nothing of the fact that you are on good terms with the leading dressmakers in the town—having paid the bills for a dozen belles amies in your time.”

Drogo regarded him sourly. “I suppose you have wheedled your way into the good graces of every hostess in the ton, but I don’t trust you, you Irish rebel!”

Then, noting how Kevin immediately focused on the word trust, Drogo was quick to utter a disclaimer. “Oh, no, I’ve no personal interest in the chit, believe me! You have seen her. Can you imagine that I . . .?” He cocked a derisive eyebrow at his friend. “You know me better than that.”

Kevin was reluctant to accept that the dissolute duke was ready to sponsor a little dab of a female into the beau monde for purely altruistic reasons, but surely there could be no sexual attraction. Kevin saw he would have to bide his time to discover the truth. Taking his friend’s arm, he moved toward the doorway.

“Shall we call upon Lady Bella and her house-guests?” he suggested. “We can pick up bouquets on our way.”

“Don’t try your tricks on me, you Irish bog-trotter,” warned Drogo, but the offer of such wily and knowledgeable assistance as Kevin could supply was too valuable to refuse. The two young bucks strolled out of White’s arm in arm, arguing companionably over the proper bijou that would be acceptable to an elderly bluestocking.

Young Tatom, sulking in a corner, glared after them. It was strictly unfair that any one human being should have as much as Drogo Trevelyan: independence, wealth, virility, golden good looks—and devastating charm, when he bothered to flaunt it!





As Drogo’s carriage pulled up before Endale House in Cavendish Square, the duke idly noted a very drab-looking closed coach of ancient style waiting farther down the street, and wondered how any tradesman would have the brass to deliver his merchandise to the front door of one of these elegant mansions. It would have been better if he had glanced more closely at the solitary inhabitant of the vehicle.





Chapter 17





The descent of two elegant men-about-town upon the aged and irascible eccentric developed, not surprisingly, into an unpleasant confrontation. For one thing, Lady Bella was having second thoughts as to the wisdom of trying to force her great-niece upon the ton. The old bluestocking was no fool. She had enough nous to realize that, far from winning the admiration of the beau monde and a suitable offer or two, Leslie might all too easily become a humorous on dit, exposing both herself and her sponsor to the vicious sarcasm that passed for wit in high circles.

She was also a little concerned for Leslie herself. The girl was by nature quiet, but as the two weeks of preparation for the launching crept on, the chit grew pale, subdued, and obviously far from happy. Lady Bella, already apprehensive at the idea of failing in her sortie into a world she had always scorned, began to vent her fears upon the one she now described as the cause of them. In fact, she had just been haranguing Leslie on her spineless attitude toward her critics when Weems announced the Duke of Kenelm and Mr. Kevin O’Dare.

The gentlemen entered a room charged with tension. One glance at the red, angry face of Lady Bella and the pale, guilt-stricken countenance of the young girl informed both worldly-wise men that they had chosen an awkward moment to pay a courtesy call. Kevin, never at a loss socially, moved forward to play off his blarney on his elderly hostess. Drogo, quickly evaluating the situation, went to bow over Leslie’s hand.

He was already aware that Leslie’s first entrance into the ton had been a disaster: young Tatom had made that clear! As he knowledgeably scanned the too-mature, badly fitting, and hopelessly dowdy garment the girl sported as a morning gown, his heart sank. He should have realized that an elderly eccentric, who had very publicly scorned society for donkey’s years, would be the last person to present a country innocent to a hostile group.

But what else could he have done? He asked himself, murmuring gracious nothings in a practiced way to Leslie as he worked through the problem. Putting aside the ignoble wish that he had never encountered the urchins in his attic in the first place, the duke began to organize his forces. First in order of importance must be to win Lady Bella over and convince her to follow his lead.

With this worthy end in view, Drogo gave a final, reassuring smile at the pale face turned with unconscious appeal up to his, and strolled forward to relieve Kevin.

Taking the old woman’s hand firmly in his, he bent to touch his lips to the wrinkled skin, and then said, with his most seductive smile, “How delightful it is to see you again, Lady Bella!”

The old harridan was not about to let him off lightly. “We’ve seen nothing of you for two weeks,” she snapped. “Leslie was sure you had gone back to your ruined estates at Kenelm. Not before time, I hear.” She sniffed disparagingly.

So the girl had been talking about him, had she? For some reason, the thought was pleasant. Drogo gave her his most provocative smile, noted her blushing response with interest, and then addressed himself to the old woman again.

“I must admit that the demands of restoring Kenelm have been heavy, but naturally I could not forget my obligation to Endale. I have, in fact, with the help of my friend O’Dare, been mapping out a campaign for our little debutante,” he said ingratiatingly. “Of course, we men do not wish to intrude, or force our callow ideas upon so notable an intelligence as your own, ma’am! But you must admit that between us, Kevin and I have considerable experience in . . . ah . . . manipulation—” he cocked a wicked eyebrow “—which we gained during our misspent youth. We dare to hope you will permit us to place it at your service on this occasion. And do not tell me, dear Lady Bella, that you would not enjoy diddling the dupes in the ton!”

While Kevin, endeavoring to conceal his surprise at this barefaced flimflam, silently paid tribute to a master manipulator, Lady Bella’s grim resentment was beginning to fade into pleased, if still slightly suspicious, acceptance.

“Why should two such gazetted rakes as you and your friend O’Dare desire to help me?” she demanded. “Or has one of you an eye on the girl?”

This was plain speaking indeed, thought Drogo, saluting a worthy antagonist. He put on his blandest air of reproach, and said gently, “The sister of the Earl of Endale? So very youthful, albeit charming, a bud? You wrong us, Lady B!”

The old woman joined in a laugh with Kevin and Drogo, but the latter noted that Leslie was not amused. Oh, well, I’ll handle her later, he promised himself, and continued his skillful effort to dominate the elderly peeress.

In this he was brilliantly successful. Within half an hour, he had enmeshed the fascinated Lady Bella completely in his schemes, along an eager Kevin, who foresaw just the hilarious sort of game he enjoyed playing. With the exception of an unusually sober Leslie, the members of the group enjoyed a delightful session, and all arrangements were made for a successful debut, including some that had Leslie’s eyes widening, and quite shocked the sober Weems, eavesdropping in the hall.

Drogo managed to murmur a few words aside to Leslie while Kevin was making his skilled adieux to Lady Bella. “I shall be talking with you in private tomorrow, when I call to take you for a spin through the park,” he advised her.

“Will my great-aunt accompany us?” asked the girl woodenly.

“We shall be alone. It is quite convenable,” he continued. “All fashionable London will be our chaperone.”

“Why are you doing this . . . going to all this trouble for a youthful nuisance?”

Drogo was a little surprised at the bitterness in the quiet voice. The pretty ladies with whom he usually amused himself had scarcely shown so much feeling—under so firm a control—except perhaps in matters of a desired piece of jewelry or a new carriage. His eyebrows lifted in that habitual gesture Leslie both loved and hated.

“I have plans for you,” he said quellingly.

Leslie gritted her splendid white teeth.

The duke caught the slight gesture and grinned unforgivably. “You did seek sanctuary under my shield,” he taunted. “And now you must pay your debts.” He laughed at the mingling of frustration, anger, and curiosity in her expressive little face. “No, you must wait until tomorrow to learn of my . . . special plans for you! And to receive my orders.”

With a final rakish grin, he bowed and followed Kevin out of the mansion.





The sight of the dowdy closed carriage registered on his mind, but beyond a brief thought that it was oddly out of place in these elegant surroundings, he did not consider it further.





Chapter 18





Driving his smart curricle into Cavendish Square the following afternoon, Drogo flashed past the same black coach he had noticed the previous day. Something about it disturbed him. He pulled his horses expertly to a halt, backed the curricle to a position beside the dowdy vehicle, and bent down to peer into the small glass window.

A heavyset, plain-looking woman stared back at him.

The duke might have challenged a man. He found himself unable to ask this drab female what she was doing haunting the Square. After a moment, filled with annoyance, he gave his horses the office to proceed, and drew up shortly in front of Lady Bella’s residence.

A footman was waiting to take the reins. With a word of caution concerning the spirited team, the duke strode up the stairs and through the front door Weems was holding wide for him.

“Lady Leslie is in the drawing room, Your Grace,” the butler advised him. “I am afraid the children wish to greet you, also.”

“Delighted,” Drogo replied, and found that he meant it.

The young Endales gave him an enthusiastic welcome. Daryl shook his hand with a good firm grip, the blue eyes that were so like Leslie’s meeting Drogo’s warmly.

“Good to see you again, sir,” Daryl said cheerfully. “Have you met any dragons or chimeras lately?” He grinned.

Drogo chuckled. “I fear we are sadly lacking in fabulous beasts here in London, Endale. But perchance we shall see a few unicorns in the park—now that Lady Leslie is in residence.”

Leslie blushed; Hilary and Daryl looked blank. Meredith twinkled up at the teasing nobleman.

“Legend has it,” she instructed her young siblings, “that unicorns will come to a virgin. The unicorn lays his head in the girl’s lap. She strokes him, and holds him captive until the hunters come to catch him.”

Hilary gasped in outrage. “What a cruel betrayal! When the poor creature was so trusting! I cannot credit that any female would be so false!”

“Credit it,” advised Drogo cynically, as one who spoke from a wealth of experience. His mocking eyes sought and challenged Leslie’s quiet gaze. She was not smiling. Her clear wide eyes seemed to be searching his face, the man thought, offering reassurance. . . .

Reassurance! Drogo caught himself up sharply. It was not possible that the Duke of Kenelm needed reassurance from some green girl without a scrap of town bronze! He hardened his heart.

“Why else do the delicate virgins flock to town, if it is not to snare some helpless male?”

“But that is surely not the same,” protested Hilary. “The debutantes come to meet a suitable parti—or so Miss Wheaton advised us. It is a custom . . .” She hesitated, catching the taunting smile on Drogo’s well-cut lips.

“The poor wretched males may run if they wish,” Meredith pointed out. “They are not tied down!”

“Neither was the unicorn,” Drogo reminded her. “The wily virgin puts him under a spell. It is black magic!”

He sent Leslie a mocking smile, inviting her response. Yet again the girl surprised him.

“I would never so betray one who trusted me,” she said quietly. “Man or beast.”

Drogo elevated his brows in ironic challenge, but the girl refused to comment further. With a sense almost of having lost a skirmish, Drogo informed the younger children that he would come to take them to a balloon ascension on the heath the following morning, and that they must be ready by nine o’clock sharp if they were to secure good positions to watch the spectacle. Then, followed by their expressions of gratitude and delight, he swept Leslie from the room, scarcely permitting her time to don her bonnet and shawl before pulling her down to the curricle.

As they drove away, he glanced curiously around the square. There was no sign of the black coach. He turned his attention to the girl seated so quietly beside him. Taking his time, he surveyed her costume.

“I shall have to get you to a decent couturier,” he murmured. “I have written out a list of instructions for you, which you will follow to the letter.” Catching a hint of rebellious anger in her carefully averted face, he went on smugly, “Some of the time I shall accompany you—for instance, when I am selecting your wardrobe. I shall choose for you an accomplished dresser, one who is up to all the fashionable rigs, and who has a sixth sense for the avant-garde. It will not be enough that you show alamodality,” he continued, with what Leslie read as insufferable conceit. “I shall expect you to lead the pack, not follow it. My protégée must not do otherwise.”

This last suave little taunt had the girl turning on the seat beside him, her expressive eyes blazing with anger.

“I beg to remind you, Your Grace, that I am not your ‘protégée,’ and in fact, from what I have picked up since I entered this wretched beau monde, I would be better without you as my sponsor! You are widely known to be a rakehell and a roué and—”

“Silence!” snapped the duke, with unforgivable hauteur. “If I say you are to do something, you will do it—with good grace!” His arrogant scowl lightened as he caught her furious glare of outrage at his high-handedness. “Not so much fun to be under my shield as you had envisioned?” he taunted softly. Then: “We are approaching the park. Smile gently if we are accosted by any of the fashionable fribbles. Unless I draw up the curricle to introduce some worthy parti, you will keep a distant, mysterious half smile upon your face. Acknowledge introductions with a mere, sighing ‘How do you do?’ which you will utter as though you did not care in the least. That will set them all to wondering, and pique their appetites.”

Leslie glared up into the arrogant, smiling face. “Are you coaching me to become some fribble’s light-o’love? I am sure that is not what Great-aunt Bella is expecting!”

“I am relieving your elderly relative of an almost insupportable burden,” her cruel mentor advised her. “How can she, who is herself a mere babe-in-arms in the ton, fire off a little country nobody without a trace of nous, a green girl who lacks either presence or beauty. . . .” The big man paused, startled at the look of desolation that swept across Leslie’s vulnerable countenance. For the first time in a misspent, slavishly courted, too-pampered life, the Duke of Kenelm became aware of the pain one of his careless remarks had inflicted. Frowning, he wondered whether he should try to soothe the hurt. Then, scanning the now closed, small face, Drogo decided to let it go. It would probably make the chit more malleable if she had to face exactly how inept and unsuitable she really was for the course she and her great-aunt had chosen.

The ride into and through the park continued, with the duke being hailed upon all sides with flattering interest and, Leslie decided, considerable envy. She watched, her expression schooled as closely as possible to the required mysterious half smile, her response a correct, sighed ‘How do you do?’ at each presentation of a new buck or beau.

After half an hour of this, Leslie turned to Drogo and under cover of a bland smile, hissed angrily, “How long is this farce to continue? You have not introduced me to a single female! Have you no women friends?”

Drogo’s wicked grin gave her her answer, but the rogue said blandly, “The hostesses your aunt and I hope may accept you do not spend their afternoons dawdling about Rotten Row.”

“Then why are we doing so?” snapped the girl. “I am sure that most of the silly clowns you have presented to me today would not in any way bolster my chances of succeeding in the ton!”

“On the contrary,” Drogo corrected her smoothly, “when these silly clowns see you with the Duke of Kenelm, they will hasten to claim acquaintance with you at the next ball or soiree you attend . . . if only to try to discover what so notable and discriminating a rake saw in you,” he ended.

Leslie set her jaw against a bitter retort. She must suffer any pain, dare any circumstance, to keep Daryl safe in London. Bowing her head with a meekness she was far from feeling, she refused to answer to Drogo’s taunt.

The man watched her closely, hoping for a flare of rebellion. Then, realizing that she would not be drawn, he shrugged and drove out of the park and back toward Cavendish Place.

“I think that has been enough for your first lesson,” he said mockingly. “Before I present you to the ton again, I shall be sure your costume will not embarrass me. I shall pick you up tomorrow about noon for our first sortie into the world of haute couture.”

At this, Leslie’s glance flashed up to meet his. You told the children—” she faltered. “The balloon ascension? They will be so disappointed!” Her wide blue eyes pleaded for the young Endales’ pleasure as they had never done for her own.

Almost gruffly Drogo admitted, “I had indeed forgotten. But of course we shall attend the celebration. Try to wear a less hideous bonnet, if you have one.”

No other word was spoken until they reached Lady Bella’s mansion. Drogo assisted Leslie down and escorted her to the door, which was swung open to their approach by the attentive Weems. With merely a brief nod and a stiff bow, Drogo turned away and ran lightly down to remount his curricle.

Weems and Leslie watched him drive off with regret and a deep sense of disappointment.

“He is bored with me, Weems,” Leslie confided.

The old butler frowned. After a moment he advised, “I should not give up hope too soon, milady. These men-about-town are as notional and skitty as thoroughbreds. Completely spoiled by the ladies, they are, and as wary as foxes. You’ll have your work cut out taming that one, Miss, if I say so as shouldn’t!”

Leslie found herself unable to disagree with this grim prognostication.





Chapter 19





To everyone’s surprise, several large and elegant boxes arrived in Cavendish Square for Lady Leslie Endale the following morning. These were brought up by Weems himself, who lingered near the door while Leslie and her aunt, who had risen early to consider the matter of bonnets, proceeded to open the boxes.

From the first, Leslie pulled out a ravishingly feminine pink bonnet, which had a pert garnish of silk wild roses. Everyone present admired the delicate little creation, but Lady Bella said doubtfully, “It’s rather too plain, don’t you think?”

Leslie (and Weems, sotto voce) hastened to assure her that indeed, it was not! Leslie sighed, “It does not frighten me as the other bonnets did, Aunt Bella. They are the dernier cri, I am well aware, but they are so . . . so overpowering, ma’am!”

Lady Bella was not sure whether or not to be offended by this description of her expensive, if unattractive, purchases. She resolved the problem by placing the new pink bonnet carefully on Leslie’s head and then stepping back to view the result. Leslie held her breath, her eyes fixed on her great-aunt’s stem countenance.

“Beautiful,” decided the elderly dame, with a short nod.

“Very suitable!” agreed Weems. When both pairs of eyes swiveled toward him, he colored, bowed, and slid out of the room

Lady Bella smiled. “That’s the first time I’ve been able to catch Weems off guard since he came to work for me,” she said happily. “Let’s see what’s inside the rest of these boxes. I did not realize you and the duke had gone shopping yesterday.”

“We had not,” answered Leslie, looking stunned. “Do you suppose these are from him? How could he know . . .?”

“You ask me that about Drogo Trevelyan?” chuckled her aunt. “The man’s notorious for decking out half the light-skirts in the ton! He probably knows more—oooh!” The interjection was almost pushed from her as Leslie displayed the soft blue redingote trimmed with pink velvet to match the bonnet. “Is it . . . your size, child?” breathed the older woman.

“It must be!” half groaned the girl. It was unthinkable that this darling dress might be too small, or too large, or too anything but exactly right for her. Leslie immediately began to shed her clothing so that she might don the attractive garment; for once, Lady Bella made no effort to check the girl’s impulsive actions.

In a few minutes the dress was on, and Leslie ran to the mirror and adjusted the pink bonnet. Then she turned delightedly to face her great-aunt.

“How do I look?” she demanded softly.

“Delightful,” said Lady Bella, with complete honesty. “The man must be a black magician.”

Leslie’s smile faded just a little. “Are you sure it was the duke who sent these things?” she whispered.

“Who else?” shrugged Lady Bella. Peering keenly into the girl’s face, she added wisely, “Be grateful, girl! You have been fortunate enough to enlist—God knows how!—the aid of an adviser of superior skill. Let us be thankful for it. And quiet about it!” She added a warning. “People might misunderstand.”

Leslie’s gaze had returned to the mirror. “How could he have known?” she wondered softy. “The redingote fits me as though it had been made for me . . .” She gave a worried frown.

The elderly peeress snapped her fingers briskly. “Open the rest of the boxes, child,” she instructed. “I cannot wait to see what else Trevelyan has chosen for you.”

The contents of the other boxes produced sighs and cries of satisfaction. One box held a pair of blue kid boots which, though a trifle large, were still most suitable with the redingote. A silver-papered carton revealed some silk and lace undergarments which had Leslie blushing and Lady Bella giggling. The last box held a darling reticule which shimmered softly with tiny pearl beads. When, entranced, Leslie opened it, she found a lace handkerchief as delicate as cobwebs tucked inside, and a tiny vial of attar of roses.

Lady Bella drew a deep breath and peered over at the silent girl. “You will thank His Grace for his great kindness,” she instructed.

Then, observing the dazzled delight on Leslie’s face, she added sternly, “But not too warmly!”

Leslie giggled. Drogo’s gift had sent her spirits rising. Surely no man who was coldly indifferent to a woman could have chosen that delightful little bonnet for her!

Firmly recalling her from her maidenly transports, Lady Bella set her to preparing herself for the excursion to the heath.

“The children . . .” murmured Leslie, slipping out of the new dress long enough to don some of the lacy undergarments.

“I shall see to them,” promised Lady Bella largely. “But you—” She frowned. “Are you sure you can get yourself into those things?”

In the event, such inadequate self-help was proven unnecessary. A discreet tap upon Leslie’s bedroom door produced a greatly impressed Weems who presented a tall, grim-faced female in somber black.

“I am Lady Leslie’s dresser,” announced this formidable female. Removing her bonnet and placing it, with a small case, unobtrusively on a small chair, she strode over to the startled girl and surveyed her carefully.

A painful silence ensued.

Lady Bella was too startled to speak, and Leslie too agonized by the searching scrutiny.

At length the woman nodded. “I think I can cope. The features are undistinguished, but the skin is flawless, and the eyes are remarkable. Hair I can do something with, I believe.” She nodded again. “Lady Leslie, I am Cameron.”

Lady Bella could not endure being overlooked for another instant. “I am Lady Bella Endale,” she intoned. “Your mistress’s great-aunt.”

“Yes, milady,” said Cameron with icy primness. Would anything ever soften that critical regard? Leslie wondered.

“I am glad you have joined the staff,” Lady Bella was saying repressively. “Weems shall provide you with a room and explain the rules of my establishment.”

To Leslie’s relief, Cameron did not take umbrage at this decisive set-down. She merely gave her curt nod and turned her attention once more to the slender girl.

“Allow me to adjust your redingote, milady,” she commanded.

With a soundless hmph! the elderly bluestocking swept from the room. Providentially, Weems was holding the door open for her. In the hallway, he regarded his fuming mistress respectfully.

“It will do very well, milady,” he said softly. “I recognize her sort. She is brusque, but she will devote her no doubt superior skills to . . .”

“To presenting little Leslie en grand tenue,” snapped Lady Bella. “That reprehensible devil Trevelyan! He is turning our lives about to suit his casual whim! A dresser for Leslie, forsooth! And such a dresser!”

She set her lips against further indiscreet conversation with her old retainer, and went abruptly back to her own sitting room, determined not to acknowledge Drogo Trevelyan when he arrived to collect the children for the balloon ascension.





The treat was all Leslie might have hoped, and more. Her siblings were enthralled by the preparations for the balloon ascent. Meredith asked some remarkably astute questions, quite impressing the duke. Hilary enjoyed her usual dramatic posturing, so that Leslie was compelled to restrain her wilder flights. Wearing her new outfit, Leslie felt competent to handle even greater challenges than an excited child could present. She was constantly aware of the duke, suave and devastatingly handsome in his tight buckskins and modish coat. His wide white smile flashed, the upper lip thin, the lower full and sensuous. His eyes, making a leisurely survey of her from the top of the new bonnet to the tips of the blue shoes, glinted their approval of Leslie’s appearance, but he said nothing about it. In fact, he addressed most of his comments to Daryl, with whom he carried on a pleasant conversation.

He is waiting for me to thank him for the clothes, thought Leslie. And of course I must do so, no matter how embarrassing I find it to acknowledge his generosity—and his knowledge of women’s intimate apparel! She sent another sideways glance at the duke from under her eyelashes, which, to her delight, Cameron had subtly darkened with some magic process of her own.

She felt a shock of—something—as her seeking glance was met and challenged by a bold, mocking smile from her Benefactor. How can he manage to look so charmingly wicked without uttering a single questionable remark? She quickly lowered her eyelids lest he become aware of her infatuation.

His Grace was not so easily put off when he was on the hunt, she found. He moved over beside her as the attendants released the guy ropes and the gaily colored globe soared upward into the sky. The younger Endales were caught in awe and delight, and had no eyes for anything but the soaring balloon. Drogo took her arm in his big, hard hand.

Warmth spread through Leslie’s body in a delicious surge. She raised her open, vulnerable glance to meet his predatory smile.

For a brief moment Drogo smiled down at her. Then his expression changed, hardened. He gripped her elbow so hard as to hurt a little, and then dropped his hand as though he, and not she, was feeling the warm torment.

Leslie stared up at him apprehensively. What had she done to bring that cold, closed look to his face?

“Your Grace—” she began.

“You will call me Drogo,” he instructed sharply. “I grow tired of your girlish affectations.”

This was like a dash of cold water. Leslie felt a comforting anger surge up within her, giving her courage to lash back at this arrogant male.

“I shall call you whatever I wish,” she announced in a voice loud enough to attract attention from members of the throng close to them.

Drogo’s eyebrows lifted in the irritating manner he affected. Then slowly a smile of genuine amusement softened the well-cut lips. “So!” he said softly, “the little cat has claws?” The warm hand returned to her arm.

“I am not,” announced Leslie, carried away by hubris, “a cat, Your Grace. But you will find I have weapons of my own, unless you walk softly.”

Drogo’s shout of delighted laughter turned many heads in their direction, curious to discover the source of such unrestrained merriment. Leslie felt a wave of dismay, not only at attracting public notice, but also at her reckless folly in throwing down a gauntlet to so wily and powerful an antagonist.

Drogo pulled her close, making her very conscious of his hard, warm body. Smiling, he bent to murmur in her ear, “A declaration of war, Madame? I think I shall enjoy that!”

Her lips open to beg his pardon—for in truth he had already done more than anyone could expect for the runaway Endales—Leslie straightened her back and substituted a question for the apology she had been going to offer.

“It was you who sent me the dragon-dresser, was it not?”

“She is formidable,” agreed the duke with a grin. “She will whip you into shape, little vixen.”

“I wonder how you knew of such a one,” said Leslie airily. “Perhaps you have made use of her services . . . yourself?”

To this piece of outrageous libel Drogo made no direct reply. Instead he bent with a feral smile and kissed Leslie very hard on the mouth. Worse, he held the position until Daryl tugged at his arm.

“People are laughing at you,” the boy whispered.

“Let them.” The duke lifted his head and stared coldly around at the gawking, sniggering crowd. Eyes dropped; faces turned away. The duke returned his attention to a scarlet-faced Leslie.

“Blushing suits you,” he said. “I shall have to make sure you have plenty of opportunity. And in case you have not learned your lesson: Impudence toward your long-suffering Benefactor will invariably be punished in exactly that manner.”

The threat held Leslie silent. Drogo watched her sharply for a moment, and then, grinning unforgivably, turned to discuss the balloon flight with the younger girls.





The duke deposited the Endales at their great-aunt’s door after regaling them with cream pastries and orgeat. To Leslie’s combined relief and disappointment, he refused to come in, merely warning Leslie that he would call for her the following day and escort her to the boutique of a suitable modiste. “For you will admit,” he said smugly, “that my taste in bonnets and . . . other things is faultless.”

If Leslie had had any intention of refusing, this reference to the unacknowledged gifts would have been enough to render her amenable. She tried to voice her belated thanks for the duke’s kindness, but he waved her stammered words away with an autocratic gesture.

“Tell me all about it tomorrow.” He grinned, and strode back to his carriage.

“Our Benefactor!” sighed Hilary.

“He is doing very well by us, Leslie,” said Meredith.

“He kissed Leslie,” announced Daryl, just at the moment Weems opened the door for them.

Altogether a frustrating day, Leslie decided grimly.





Chapter 20





Leslie prepared for the ordeal early the next day. She had donned, again, the outfit the duke had chosen for her, Cameron having reinforced her own belief that it was the only suitable costume she possessed. While she resented the necessity of admitting to her arrogant Benefactor that he knew more about alamodality than any member of her family, such was indeed the truth, and she must admit to it with as good a grace as possible.

While Leslie was taking a final, restorative peek into the large mirror Cameron had installed the previous day, the dresser was busy with the reticule the duke had given Leslie. A delicate scent wafted into the room. The girl turned to look.

Cameron was just returning the lace handkerchief to the reticule. She now advanced upon Leslie, handed over the little purse, and proceeded to place a drop of perfume upon Leslie’s wrists and at the base of her throat. To the girl’s surprise, she also put a tiny dab behind each of Leslie’s ears.

“Why in just those particular places?” the girl asked with honest curiosity.

Cameron eyed her sternly, and then, perceiving that the question was sincere, answered, “These are the places where a lady may expect to receive a gentleman’s particular . . . attentions.”

Leslie blushed a deep rose-pink, and one small hand went automatically to cover the base of her throat.

Cameron’s hard gaze softened further. “Do not let any gentleman presume upon your good nature, milady,” she said stiffly. “You need only smile—and say no.”

And again Cameron was surprised, this time by the delightful smile she received from her little charge. “You are a wise woman, Cameron,” Leslie said. “ ‘Smile and say no’! A veritable amulet against wicked men!”





So it was with the feeling of being well armored against attack that Leslie accompanied the splendidly dressed Drogo in his closed carriage with the ducal crest upon the panel. She was chatting lightly, quite priding herself upon her sophisticated bearing, when the wily creature attacked from a quite unexpected quarter.

“I had better warn you, Leslie,” he said, in a voice that reminded her of Daryl at his most brotherly, “that we may encounter hostility in the salons we shall be visiting today.”

“H-hostility?” quavered Leslie, the woman-of-the-world pose completely forgotten. “You are taking me where they will not wish to serve me?”

“Oh, no, child! Eugenie, and later, Panache, are two salons whose resources are only surpassed by the charm of their proprietors. No, child, the hostility of which I speak is to be expected from certain clients of theirs, elegant ladies of the ton, who, being a little older than yourself—” and he flashed her a knowing, boyish grin “—may resent your youthful charm and freshness.”

Leslie was no fool. Immediately mistrustful of the boyish charm her difficult sponsor was piling on so thickly, she frowned a little as she tried to discover his motive in this about-face from arrogance to brotherly concern.

“Why should they resent me?” she said sharply. “We both know I am the veriest country bumpkin, a green girl without finish, whose only suitable garments were purchased by you.”

“But perhaps they will not know that,” suggested Drogo, now wearing his wide, white grin. “Or if they do, they may be envious of your . . . good fortune.”

Leslie caught her breath. Devil! “You are saying they may be jealous of me because I am being sponsored by London’s most famous rake?” she asked sweetly. “Surely they will be able to perceive that the Duke of Kenelm is far too—old—for me?”

The wolfish grin softened into a reluctant smile. “Little brat,” said Drogo, in a more comfortable tone than he had yet used to address her. “I see you have much to learn.”

In spite of which rather ominous pronouncement, he beguiled the rest of the drive with witty on dit and scandalous comments upon many of the gentlemen-on-the-strut they passed. When finally the carriage drew up before a neat yet unobtrusive little shop on Bond Street, Leslie could hardly wait to enter and behold the riches it no doubt contained. Nor was she disappointed. Madame Eugenie herself came out to serve so well-known a customer as the Duke of Kenelm. He introduced the two women, said that Lady Leslie required something quietly elegant for her introduction to the ton, and added that of course he had recommended Engenie.

Two blissful hours later, a dazed Leslie was seated again in the ducal coach, beside a quietly smiling Drogo. She heaved a sign of enormous content.

“If I live to be one hundred, I will never be able to thank you enough for today,” breathed the girl, turning to her Benefactor with a glowing face.

Drogo was silent for an instant, his tawny-gold eyes a dark amber as they searched the ingenious countenance raised to his. “But if I am too old for you now”—he quoted her earlier remark with a slightly twisted smile—what will I be in a hundred years?”

“Oh, you knew I was just funning, paying you back for the way you were teasing me about your many conquests,” Leslie chuckled.

“Oh, is that what I was doing?” asked Drogo.

“You know you were,” laughed the girl. “You are forever teasing me! I must be an easy mark, being such a gape-seed! But Cameron is teaching me to recognize a dangerous male when I meet one, and you do not at all qualify!” Had Leslie not been exhausted, and slightly intoxicated by the lovely garments they had chosen, she might have been more wary of her companion’s touchy masculine pride.

“So that is what your formidable dresser is doing,” mused the duke softly. “Can you tell me what she has taught you so far?”

Again the girl missed the warning signs. “Oh, yes!” she chuckled.

“You put perfume on certain parts of your anatomy, and then you smile and say no—” She stopped abruptly, aware of the change in Drogo’s expression.

Staring down at her now were the bright golden eyes of a hunting animal, fierce and beautiful and intent. A velvet growl sounded in her startled ears as two hard arms closed around her body.

“Shall I try to discover the parts of your anatomy you have perfumed to entice me?” murmured Drogo. “Here, perhaps? And here?” he said as he set his warm, hard lips against the sides of her throat. “And here?” He bent his shining golden head against her breast, smoothly pressing aside the neat folds of the redingote.

Leslie, who had gasped and closed her eyes at the first assault, now opened them widely at this invasion. As her whole body stiffened, Drogo lifted his head and stared down into her face arrogantly.

What he saw there gave him pause.

For perhaps the first time in his life, he looked into eyes that were completely open, welcoming, loving. Wide and innocent eyes that seemed to be adoring him even while he ravished her. Drogo felt a trembling begin deep inside his body. Almost with relief he lifted his head, put the girl back on her own side of the carriage, and said crisply, “I hope that will teach you not to tease your male companions. Perfume on your anatomy, indeed! Practice circumspection, ma’am, or you will find yourself in uncomfortable straits!”

“But Cameron told me to say no,” murmured Leslie, greatly daring.

Drogo glared at her. “I saw very little evidence of reluctance in your behavior,” he snapped. “And I did not hear the word no. On the contrary—!”

“I shall try to be more circumspect,” whispered Leslie meekly. But her heart was singing.





The duke did not return to Cavendish Square for several days. The correct gifts arrived: a rare old book for Lady Bella, which sent her into raptures; a box full of pink roses for Leslie, through which she searched in vain for a message or even a card. For the children there were delightful toys and a huge box of sweets.

Everyone except Leslie was loud in the praise of their charming friend and Benefactor. Lady Bella disclosed that he had gotten invitations for herself and Leslie for the Grand Ball being given the following week by Lady Pentacle, whose enormous wealth was only rivaled by her husband’s ancient name. Leslie felt a frightening chill of premonition.

“I must not go!” she whispered.

In the face of this social triumph, Lady Bella had no patience with missish vaporings. “Of course you will go,” she said crisply.” And so shall I. Lord Pentacle owns the finest library in London—possibly in all of England. Do you think I will miss a chance to see it? Why should you not wish to go? You will be beautifully dressed, and you will meet presentable young men.”

“I am afraid,” breathed the girl.

Her great-aunt turned on her with annoyance. “If you fear to make a bumble-broth of the dancing, I can assure you that Maître Henri tells me you have learned your steps very prettily. You really do not need to talk much, since most young men would rather hear their own ramblings than the wittiest discussion of anything important. And as for your appearance—” Cameron will do us both proud.”

Leslie remained silent, not able to explain to her elated relative that the very thought of being under the critical gaze of the ton was terrifying to her. No doubt there would be a dozen of the duke’s old flirts there, who would take pleasure in cutting down the green girl with whom Drogo Trevelyan had been saddled.

Above all—and least to be admitted—was the fear that gauche Leslie would betray her lack of town bronze before the critical eyes of Drogo’s intimates, and make him a laughingstock.

The news that came two days before the Grand Ball did a little to reassure her.

Lady Bella came into the drawing room, where Leslie and Meredith were listening to Hilary perform on the pianoforte, which she did rather well, if very sentimentally. The elderly peeress interrupted the concert ruthlessly.

“Leslie! What joyous news! Apollo has cast his cloak about us! He intends to pick us up in his chariot and whisk us through the Heavens!”

Stunned, the Endales stared at their great-aunt. After a moment of waiting for them to express their pleasure, Lady Bella frowned at them. “I would have thought that you, Leslie, at least, would have been pleased to hear that Kenelm is going to escort us to the Pentacles’ ball!”

Light dawned. Lady Bella had not favored them with too many classical references, and when she did, she recited them as part of an educational process. It was clear to Leslie now that her redoubtable relative had been nurturing a few fears of her own about their appearance at the Grand Ball. She would naturally feel much more confident on the arm of the most notable bachelor in London. The news gave Leslie a feeling of security, also. She began to smile.

“Apollo, is it? I had thought you considered the duke more in the light of a Don Juan. Or a Casanova?”

Lady Bella sniffed, but her real relief at the duke’s offer was apparent.

So it was a relaxed and happy pair of ladies who came down to wait for their escort in the drawing room on the night of the Pentacles’ Grand Ball. Lady Bella, nourishing under Cameron’s eagle eye and superb skills, had never appeared to better advantage. Her dowager’s turban was of soft mauve silk, exactly matching the flattering Empire-style gown Cameron had helped her choose. There was even a subtle shading of maquillage to brighten her old cheeks.

Leslie had stood entranced before the big mirror in her room for quite five minutes after Cameron had finished with her. Her white silk dress was one Drogo had chosen, of course, but it seemed to have acquired an added luster after the dresser had brushed the girl’s hair into a softly feminine style and crowned the neat waves with a wreath of white roses.

Cameron refused to let Leslie wear any of the ornate jewelry Lady Bella offered, saying that the single white rose at her corsage was ornament enough for a debutante. The flower drew attention to the girl’s gently rounded breasts. The soft silk lovingly followed the line of the slender figure to the small waist, and then rustled out into a gentle fullness to the floor. Leslie could not decide if she was pleased by the radiant simplicity of her costume, or if she was fearful that it would appear childish amid tonight’s sophisticated company.

The duke, announced by Weems, entered the drawing room and paused for a moment just within the door to stare hard at the two ladies who awaited him. Leslie watched his expression, hoping to read in it some satisfaction at her appearance. Drogo advanced and bent over Lady Bella’s extended hand.

“Superb, Lady Beautiful,” he said, translating her name. “ ‘Ripeness is all.’ ”

Lady Bella, bridling with pleasure, turned to indicate her great-niece proudly.

The duke walked over to bow to Leslie, his eyes anywhere but on her glowing, expectant face. The girl thought she read something hard and remote in his manner, and her heart misgave her. What had she done to bring this distance between them? She thought anxiously, looking down at the tawny-gold head bowed before her. And then the duke straightened, and stared at her with eyes of amber-gold. Leslie caught her breath. No human should be so . . . so beautiful, she decided with despair.

Since the duke said nothing, merely held her hand and stared into her face, Leslie finally said, “Do I disappoint you, Your Grace?”

Slowly Drogo shook his head, his eyes fixed on her delicate sweetness. “No, fledgling, you don’t disappoint me. Other things, yes. But not disappointment.” He seemed to recollect himself, and continued with his usual mocking smile, “My quotation which I rehearsed for you, child—knowing that I was entering the Halls of Athene!” with a teasing grin at Lady Bella, “—‘She doth teach the torches to burn bright!’ ”

The old bluestocking nodded benignly. “Appropriate, and flattering, Kenelm! Romeo and Juliet,” she added kindly, for Leslie’s benefit.

The girl was too busy wondering if he really meant it, or if that was the way all beaux addressed the ladies, to notice the very intent gaze Drogo was focusing upon her small, blushing countenance.





After such an exciting beginning, the rest of the evening could have been a disaster without Leslie noticing the fact. It was, however, a veritable triumph for the ladies under the escort of the Duke of Kenelm. Lady Bella was aware that she had never been so courted by the ton, and determined to explain to green Leslie exactly how fortunate she was in arriving under the shield of the golden duke. Leaders of the beau monde, who would have ignored a country nobody, were all gracious smiles to the duke’s young guest. Young bloods cast a searching eye over the girl who had appeared from nowhere on the arm of Drogo Trevelyan, while impecunious younger sons hovered hopefully, muttering questions about her background to one another.

Lady Bella, hot after a sight of the precious holding, pestered her host into showing her his magnificent library. His wife had to send their butler after the two bibliophiles when they had been gone for a full hour.

“With anyone but Lady Endale I might have worried,” she confided to her bosom bow, Countess de Lieven. “But Bella’s sole interest is in Pen’s books!”

“The niece is rather an ingenuous little bud,” mused the countess. “Shall I send her a voucher for Almack’s?”

Lady Pentacle pursed her lips. “She seems harmless, and the family is an old one. A great deal of money, I believe, but it all goes to the earl—a boy of nine. I wonder why Drogo is playing the cavalier?”

The ladies exchanged glances. It did not occur to either of them that the Duke of Kenelm might have serious intentions.

One rather nasty little incident occurred toward the end of the evening. Leslie was seated in a pretty bower of plants and shrubs, a charming place from which to observe the gowns of the dancers. She had been firmly placed there by Drogo, and told to sit quietly while he fetched her a glass of champagne.

“If you are asked to dance—” his baleful glance slid over a few hovering young males “—you will say that you are waiting for me. Am I clear, child?”

Leslie experienced a pang of annoyance. Why did he continue to call her child? Surely she was holding her own among the debutantes, even if she was far from the glamour of the real diamonds? Still, she reminded herself, this exciting evening was a gift from the duke. She agreed with Lady Bella that, without his sponsorship, the night would have been very different. So she smiled up at him with her sweetest smile.

“Yes, Drogo.”

“Brat,” said the duke, and went off to the buffet.

The two fashionably dressed females who had been lingering on the far side of the greenery now moved a little closer and began to speak in voices that carried very clearly, as they were well aware.

“Who is that odd little creature Drogo is saddled with?” asked Lady Sybil Cawden.

Her friend and fellow conspirator, Miss Tottie Deene, gave an artificially melodious laugh. “Oh, she is some country ninnyhammer whose estate borders on his. I imagine the poor man was fairly dragooned into squiring her tonight!”

“He seems to be getting away from her as often as he is able,” vouchsafed Sybil. “Poor Drogo! The silly little gawk is clinging to him as though she though he was serious!”

A duet of laughter chimed at the absurdity of this idea.

At first, Leslie had felt all the chagrin and despair her tormentors had hoped for. Her face became pale, her eyes darkened with humiliation. And then, glancing sideways through the shrouding greenery, she caught a curiously smug exchange of smiles between the two young women. At once her shoulders squared and her small jaw set itself firmly.

A few minutes later, Drogo came toward her through the crowd, his golden head shining under the lights of the chandeliers. He was carrying a glass of champagne in each hand, searching for Leslie. His expression revealed nothing, but the closed look softened into a smile as he sighted the girl. He handed her one of the glasses.

“To our great adventure, Leslie! Success and happiness.”

Leslie’s charming gurgle of laughter surprised him. For one thing, it was louder than he would have expected. Had someone else given the little filly champagne already?

And then Leslie, carefully not looking in the direction of the two gossips, said clearly, “Oh, darling Drogo! You are a naughty creature! You are so persistent! I have already told you I was going to say no to all your proposals, however charmingly you keep presenting them to me.”

She hoped the two conspirators could not see Drogo’s face, for the expression of shock and alarm that had crossed it as he heard her coy speech was a dead giveaway. But almost before she had caught the expression, it was gone, and a devilish grin warned her there would be a reckoning very soon. To make sure he didn’t challenge her on the spot, and thus ruin her ploy, Leslie tossed off the champagne in two gulps, rose, and . . . fell into Drogo’s hastily opened arms.

“It must be the champagne,” she murmured against his pristine shirt. “I have never had it before.”

Drogo continued to hold her firmly against his chest, in an embrace that began to draw curious, and some frankly disapproving, glances. She was glad she could not observe, from her present position, whatever expression now blazed in his tawny eyes, for his voice was the harsh purr of a tiger against her ear.

“You had better have a very good explanation for this imbroglio, Leslie!” he warned. “Now, follow my lead!” He held her gently away from him as he explained to the avid group clustering around them, “Lady Leslie has become faint! The heat has overcome her! I must take her out of the ballroom. Will someone please send a footman for Lady Bella Endale? I am sure she can be found in the library!”

This last was said with such an arch smile that even the guests who did not know the old bluestocking found themselves laughing. Drogo recalled Leslie to her duty with a shrewd pinch, and she obligingly collapsed against his big frame and permitted herself to droop against his shoulder.

A few moments later he had her in the spacious entry hall, which was indeed much cooler than the ballroom with its dozen blazing chandeliers. He set her down hand on a wooden bench, disregarding her muffled protest.

“Better keep silent,” he warned her, sotto voce. “We are not out of the woods yet!”

Indeed, at that moment, summoned by an alert staff, Lady Pentacle bore down upon them like a ship under full sail. Lady Bella followed close behind her, her old face anxious. Drogo was quick to reassure them both.

“Our little girl was overcome by the heat,” he said softly, one minatory hand tightly grasping Leslie’s shoulder. He treated his concerned hostess to a seductive smile. “Or perhaps she was too greatly impressed by the elegance of your delightful party, ma’am,” he told his gratified hostess. “Lady Leslie is a dear child, but, between us, Lady Pentacle, she’s never seen anything in the country to equal tonight’s squeeze! A resounding success!”

He had gestured to the butler as he bore Leslie into the hallway. The man had not failed him. He came forward to announce that His Grace’s carriage was at the door, and to present His Grace’s hat and the ladies’ cloaks. Within a remarkably short time the three were seated within the carriage, being jolted along the cobblestones toward Cavendish Square.

“What was that all about?” demanded Lady Bella suspiciously.

Leslie smothered a grin, and waited for Drogo’s reply.

The Duke surprised them both. His voice was as smooth and hard and cold as marble as he said, “It is better that you do not know, Lady Bella, until I have cleared the matter with your great-niece.”

The old woman peered through the gloom at Leslie, and then at the big man who sat facing them. Whatever she saw in their faces, she was wise enough not to press the matter further. If Leslie had gotten herself into a brangle, then how fortunate for them all that Kenelm had been present and willing to carry the incident off so successfully!

Under her modish cloak, Leslie shivered a little at the thought of the coming reckoning.





Chapter 21





When Weems ushered the little party into the well-lighted hallway, Lady Bella cast a quick, assessing glance at her two companions.

“I suppose I must let you settle whatever is at issue between you,” she said grudgingly. “However, I advise you to be sensible and quick. As Macbeth said, ‘If it were done when ‘tis done, then ‘twere well it were done quickly.’ ” Observing their puzzled frowns, she admitted, “Oh, well, I never did feel really comfortable with that remark myself. I thought it apropos because Macbeth was planning to murder his king, and Kenelm is acting as though he wanted to murder you, Leslie. Think twice, Kenelm! Whatever she did at the ball, however annoying she is, she has a certain quality.”

The old bluestocking gave Leslie a warm smile, and then went on up the stairway, formally preceded by one of her footmen bearing a candelabrum. Drogo bowed silently, his expression unreadable.

Leslie hurried ahead of him into the drawing room. When his voice sounded harshly at her very shoulder, she jumped with alarm. Drogo’s hand came down heavily on her arm.

“You will now explain that provocative little scene at the ball.”

There was so much tightly harnessed anger in his voice that Leslie knew only complete honesty would serve.

“There were these two women,” she began, and had to clear her throat. She could not force herself to raise her eyes to meet his.

“Yes?” The syllable was uncompromising.

“They were saying cruel things about me, and at first I was . . . shocked and hurt.” The girl paused, but no sound came from the big man looking so threateningly beside her. She went on, “Then I noticed that they were speaking very distinctly, as though they . . . wished me to hear them.”

Drogo said sharply, “Two women? What did they look like?”

“I really didn’t notice,” began Leslie crossly.

“Well?” Drogo’s impatient question quickly unloosened her tongue.

“One was short and rather plump,” she said hastily. “She had on a red dress which was too tight for her. The other was very beautiful, and was wearing a gold dress which exactly matched her hair.”

“For someone who really didn’t notice,” Drogo said mockingly, “you describe Sybil and Tottie very well! Tottie Deene is the plump redhead, and the gorgeous blond female is Lady Sybil Cawden. Both of them have been casting out lures to me all Season, but I am too wily a bird to be caught in such dull little traps!”

“The beauty has a very harsh voice,” announced Leslie.

“So it was to get revenge on a pair of vicious little cats that you intimated to all the ton that I had been paying you my addresses?” demanded the duke.

At last Leslie’s gaze came up to meet his piercing stare. A bright blush of color flowed into her cheeks, but her eyes held his steadily. She even essayed a smile. “But you are too wily a bird to be caught in that dull little trap, are you not?” She quoted his own words back to him as bravely as she could.

“You will stop playing childish games and tell me exactly what was said,” her tormentor instructed her.

“The beauty asked her friend for the name of the odd little creature you were saddled with. The fat one laughed and said I was an unknown—a country ninnyhammer I believe was her charming phrase—whom you had been forced to bring with you tonight.”

“Knowing full well that I am never forced to do anything I do not wish to do,” said Drogo.

“Are you not?” Leslie showed her surprise. “Never? How freeing for you! Most people do a great many things they would rather not!”

“Was that all that was said?” Drogo returned her sternly to the subject at hand.

“Oh, no!” Leslie was surprised to discover that the pain and humiliation she had felt were somehow dissolving under the big man’s determined inquisition. “The beauty expressed her sorrow that you had had me foisted upon you: ‘Poor Drogo,’ I believe she called you. And added that I would spoil your evening, acting as though you were serious about me, silly gawk that I was, and shame you by clinging to you as though you were my whole dependence and delight!”

Her active imagination had carried her on this verbal flight, one worthy of Hilary at her most dramatic, Leslie realized with a smothered grin. She glanced up to share the joke with the duke, and found the golden eyes blazing down at her in a positive fury.

“How dared she!” he gritted.

Leslie was startled out of her good humor. “But you have said, or at least implied, the same or worse!” she protested.

“That was my duty as your mentor,” Drogo said stiffly. “I am obliged to warn and . . . uh . . . instruct you. You are such a green girl, and the ton is so cruelly unforgiving!”

Leslie was unwilling to allow the duke this easy excuse for his mocking behavior. “You have even suggested that I might pay you back for your help to Daryl by becoming your mistress! Meredith explained it to me,” she added, catching his shocked expression. “The ‘cozy little establishment,’ ” She reminded him of his offer.

The Duke’s face was dark with angry confusion. “I was only teasing you,” he explained untruthfully. “You knew that!” Assessing her piquant countenance fiercely, he caught the sparkle of laughter in the big blue eyes, and his expression hardened and became wary. “You learn town ways very easily, I begin to perceive,” he said stiffly. “Present my compliments to Lady Bella. I shall remove my . . . ah . . . dissolute person before I contaminate your maidenly vicinity,” he said too formally. “You and the boy are safe now. It is unlikely we shall have to meet again.”





Their next meeting was two days later.

A flustered little maidservant came into the bedroom where Cameron was preparing her charge for the day, and recited rapidly, “The Duke of Kenelm requests the pleasure of a conference with Lady Leslie immediately! And he sounds awful mad!” she ended in a frightened gulp.

Cameron stilled the convulsive movement of her charge.

“You may take a message back to His Grace,” she said calmly. “Tell him that Lady Leslie will see him in the drawing room in fifteen minutes. That is all,” she told the staring maid. As the latter whisked out the door, Cameron resumed the careful brush-stroking of her mistress’s hair. She addressed Leslie quietly.

“Whatever he wants, it can’t be pleasant, or he wouldn’t have terrified the maid. Therefore, you must be prepared for the encounter. Your best morning dress, I think. And this new hairstyle.” She began to twist the lustrous strands into a simple yet striking design.

“I had a dream last night,” Cameron said. “In it, I saw you walking down a dark stairway with danger at your heels. You were wearing a silk dress exactly the color of your eyes; little blue slippers moved in and out under the hem of your gown. And at the bottom of the stairs . . . true love was waiting!”

Hypnotized by the deep, bardic tones and the soothing brush strokes, Leslie watched her image in the mirror wonderingly.

I am . . . pretty! She thought. And then: true love!

“And then what?” she whispered.

“That was it,” said Cameron shortly. “I shall create the coiffure. You must do the rest.”

However, a few minutes later, Cameron opened the small box she had left on the dressing table. She removed a brush and a small pot, and began industriously to work on Leslie’s face.

Maquillage! thought Leslie with guilty delight. The paint that had made Lady Bella appear so much younger and brighter, and that had given Leslie herself a becoming flush to conceal pallid cheeks, was that what Cameron had meant by “preparing for the encounter”? Of course it was! Armor against all comers!

“I shall wear this coiffure as though it were a helmet,” she promised.

Cameron, looking a little confused, got on with applying the maquillage. When all was to her liking, she helped Leslie into a charming morning dress and pushed her firmly toward the door

And thus it was that Lady Leslie, looking remarkably self-possessed and prettier than the duke remembered, came quietly into the drawing room exactly fifteen minutes after her message.

The duke was striding up and down in a manner that made the spacious room appear too small. He was in a fine temper, and lost no time venting it upon the wide-eyed girl.

“The half was not told me,” he began the attack. “When you were relating the details of the encounter at the ball to me in this very room that night, you neglected to supply me with several rather important facts. Slipped your mind, no doubt!”

Leslie stared. What was troubling the arrogant male now? She had told him everything, even built it up a little as Hilary so often did.

And then it struck her that she was getting rather tired of the man’s constant criticism and misdirected anger. Who did he think he was, to rant at her in this manner whenever it pleased him?

“If you have something to say—some crime to charge me with—I suggest you do so and leave this house!” Leslie snapped, with a fury that met and challenged his own.

The girl’s defiance seemed to give the duke momentary pause, but almost at once he was bearing down upon her with all the force of his masculine rage.

“I suppose I have you to thank for the rumors that are circulating throughout the ton? The clubs were abuzz with them yesterday. I entered White’s to be greeted by a sudden silence and then an artificial prattle of nonsense. Which failed to mask the avid curiosity of every man in the room. I, Kenelm, was on dit!”

Meeting his accusing glare with one of her own, Leslie cried out, “Do you seek to blame me for the bad manners of your wretched companions? I warrant you those men have talked about you before, and will again! I am not unaware of your reputation as a . . . a . . .” Facing those blazing golden eyes, the girl paused.

Drogo’s face was now white with fury. “As a what, Madame Holier-than-Thou? Lady Prim and Proper! Fine words from a female who has just titillated London with the announcement of our approaching nuptials!”

“You are insane!” breathed Leslie. “Or else your sense of your own consequence is so overweening that you see interest where none is present, and cannot imagine any woman able to resist your . . . your nonexistent charms!” she finished most unfairly.

Unwisely too, as became frighteningly clear.

The Duke of Kenelm, who had never voluntarily touched another human being except in the gymnasium or in amorous dalliance, now stepped forward and jerked the maddening little creature hard against his chest. The action knocked the breath from her slender body momentarily, and shocked her so that she stared, speechless, up into his molten eyes. She was so small against his massive frame, and so obviously enraged by his behavior, that an involuntary grin twitched at the duke’s lips. Fully aware that it would enrage her further, he said in tones of honeyed disdain, “What was it that Sybil named you the other night? ‘A paltry little thing’? Oh, no. It was ‘a country ninnyhammer’.”

“That was Tottie,” corrected the girl, trying for justice even in her anger. “Your dear friend Sybil said I was a silly little gawk. Not an elegant phrase for one who pretends to good ton.”

The truth was that Leslie was experiencing emotions and physical responses she had never known before. Her whole body was being filled with a strange, exciting warmth, which was radiating, she decided, from those portions of her anatomy that were directly in contact with the duke’s massive form. Strange. And interesting, she had to acknowledge. She made a slight wriggling movement with her body, merely to test the properties of the unusual phenomenon, of course.

A warning masculine growl from Drogo’s chest vibrated against Leslie’s ear. “What do you think you are doing, wench?” muttered the beleaguered nobleman. His own anger, in the last few moments reduced to an unfamiliar mixture of indulgence and annoyance, was suddenly swept away completely in a blaze of sexual awareness. What was the little vixen up to, wiggling so seductively in his arms? Was she trying to seduce him? Promising himself that he would have a serious discussion with the little wretch very shortly, the duke clutched the slender body closer in his arms and bent his tawny head to kiss those soft pink lips.

Leslie, who had by now forgotten the question, the answer, and even her own name, accepted and returned the kiss with fevered delight. It was so long since she had felt the comforting security of a pair of heavy masculine arms, the lulling warmth of a hard masculine chest! Papa had been an affectionate man, and there had been no dearth of hugs and kisses in the family. Papa . . .

But this was not Papa! This man whose very scent was subtly exciting, a combination of spices and clean linen, whose hard arms and warm body were definitely not paternal! The girl drew in a sustaining breath of the exciting aroma and then leaned back against the firm grip that was binding her.

The move had an interesting result. Hard lips came down again against her own, crushing, demanding. When they finally released her mouth, Leslie was almost without thought. Dimly she heard her own voice asking, “What is that scent you are using, Drogo? It is . . . quite intoxicating.”

There was a moment of stunned silence, and then the low growl of male laughter rumbled against her body. “Are you saying I make you drunk?”

“I am saying,” stammered the bewildered girl, “that you had better release me before I do something . . . silly.”

“Like what?” demanded her captor, highly interested.

Like falling deeper into love with you than I am now, thought the girl. Like throwing my arms around you and kissing you until you feel this intoxicating magic! Then the pain of realizing her own folly brought self-disgust. “Like making a complete fool of myself,” she told him, “and proving to your sophisticated friends that I am in truth the stupid country bumpkin they named me.”

The girl’s eyes still met his, but her expression was cold and closed. Drogo realized that he had lost the moment that had so strongly stirred him. As a result, he became angry again—at the girl, at whatever had frozen her youthful warmth, at himself. He stared into her face, his anger reviving.

“We have not yet established your part in this latest imbroglio,” he said cruelly. “Was it indeed you who set the rumors to flying? That the impregnable fortress of Kenelm had surrendered at last to a green girl—”

Leslie had taken all she intended to from the arrogant duke.

“Use the wits you were born with, Kenelm,” she said abruptly. “Whom do I know in the beau monde? What opportunity have I had to tattle about my conquests? What conquests?” She drew a steadying breath, glaring at her hateful tormentor. “Look among your charming friends to find the source of the rumors which so distress you. I give you my word I have not even talked to anyone who might have spread so absurd a tale!”

She turned away abruptly, her shoulder stiff with wounded pride and something else that she was reluctant to identify. She had nearly reached the door when it was flying open to admit a very worried Lady Bella.

“Where is the earl?” she demanded. “His tutor says he has missed his lessons this morning.”

“Surely that is not an unusual occurrence with a small boy?” asked Drogo, coming forward to bow over the old lady’s hand. “Dear Lady Bella, how attractive you look in that pink bergère! Now you must not worry over Daryl, ma’am. Boys of his age are forever running off to see the world. He’ll be back as soon as he gets hungry, I promise.”

His voice was reassuring, so kind and rallying, in fact, that Leslie stared openly, surprised that such compassion could issue from that cynical mouth.

Lady Bella smiled, but her eyes still mirrored her alarm. “The threats against Daryl’s

Life . . . ?” she offered tentatively.

“I shall of course remain here until he returns,” said Drogo calmly. “Perhaps it is time we thought of sending him to a good preparatory school, ma’am. I am sure his papa would have his name down somewhere.”

“Eton,” said Leslie shortly. “But he is too young yet.”

Both her great-aunt and Drogo looked at her with surprise. Leslie made no effort to explain further. Instead she told them, “I think I should go out to look for Daryl in the park.” The square was centered by a small, enclosed garden with many tall trees. “Daryl loves to climb,” she explained stiffly.

“Then we shall send out two footmen to scour the bushes,” suggested Drogo in a tone Leslie felt was too casually unconcerned. She was preparing to deliver a lecture on the gravity of the situation when the boy himself appeared in the doorway.

He was dusty, disheveled, and grinning broadly. “Oh, Leslie, you will never believe the adventure I have had! He was going to give me a puppet if I went with him to his home, and then the young man almost ran us down in the most famous contraption, and he gave me a ride on it and brought me back home.” The boy sighed his satisfaction. “But I wish I had gotten the puppet as well,” he concluded regretfully.

Lady Bella rolled her eyes to heaven and walked toward the bellpull to summon a footman. Leslie, hugging the unrepentant Daryl rather fiercely to her bosom, met the enigmatic gaze of the duke with a small frisson of alarm. She must get to the bottom of Daryl’s tangled tale as soon as possible, because it was plain that the boy had gone cheerfully off with not one, but two strangers, either of whom might have been agents of March Wardell. But something about Drogo Trevelyan’s attitude bothered her. He had seemed so sure that nothing bad could have happened to the young earl! Was his lack of real concern just a part of a cold nature? Or did he have some sort of information?

The girl tried in vain to read the handsome, enigmatic countenance.





Chapter 22





The Duke of Kenelm took urbane leave of his hostess and his fellow peer, and departed. Without, Leslie thought resentfully, having the courage to stay and finish our argument, or the courtesy to ask my pardon for his wicked suspicions.

“And now, Daryl,” she said in a no-nonsense voice, “I should like the full story of your adventure today.”

The earl looked a trifle discomfited. “Hadn’t I better wash up first?” he asked hopefully. “You have always instructed me to present myself tidily before guests.”

Leslie smothered a grin. “This matter is of greater importance than a social nicety. And besides, I am merely your long-suffering sister, not your guest.” She allowed her stern expression to soften. “You are not a dunce, Daryl! You cannot have forgotten that Wardell twice tried to . . . hurt you.” Her voice broke a little on the euphemism.

Her brother stared at her soberly. “Kill me, you mean.” He frowned. “Yes, I must admit I had forgotten that when I walked out this morning to see the sights. Oh, Leslie! Sometimes I wish so hard just to be free again, to run out into the meadows and climb trees and ride my horse across the fields—”

Leslie’s conscience smote her. She had forgotten that the heir was a boy of nine, and would wish for—and need—all the childish games natural to that age. Cooped up in a musty old house in a quiet square in London, with no other children to play with, of course he would wish to get out and explore this new world! She caught him close in a brief hard hug.

“Drogo Trevelyan suggests you might want to go to a school with other boys of your age, share the games and—” with a smile to match his sudden hopeful grin “—begin a formal course of studies to prepare you for your duties to the family.”

Even that rather daunting conclusion did not wipe out the sparkle of excitement and interest in Daryl’s eyes.

“I think I should like that, Leslie. Would I fit in with the others?” he asked wistfully. “I have never really had any other boys to play with.” He stared into her loving countenance. “Would I see you and Meredith and Hilary now and then?”

Leslie’s heart swelled with love for the small, dusty, gallant figure. “Of course! Could you imagine us staying away? My only fear would be that you would come to dread the sight of such constant visitors as we shall be, and fear the teasing of your schoolmates over such devoted sisters!”

Daryl chuckled, and gave her a pert look. “They would more likely be begging to meet you all,” he laughed. “I might do a profitable business bartering for introductions!”

“Daryl!” exclaimed his sister. Surely, at his age, the boy should not have so much worldly sophistication. It was indeed high time that she placed her precocious little brother under suitable male guidance! Which reminded her that today’s dangerous adventure had still to be dealt with.

“Now you will tell me, if you please, exactly what happened today. For you must admit—” she softened the command with a smile “—your brief account left much to be desired.”

Daryl’s face creased into a wide grin. “It was beyond anything great! I had just gone out for a few moments’ exercise before my session with old Molly—that is, Mr. Molliford,” he amended hastily, catching Leslie’s frown. “Well, he is stuffy and long-winded and—oh, well, I was trying to nip out and miss him,” the boy confessed sheepishly. “He hardly knows whether I’m there or not, most days. Got his nose stuck in some book—” Leslie’s raised eyebrows brought him firmly back to the subject.

“I went into the park across the street, and the first thing I saw was this splendid Punch-and-Judy show. Leslie, I had never seen a Punch-and-Judy show before! The man was so funny, he made me laugh and laugh, He told me all about the puppets, and even let me hold them. And then he said he’d give me a set for my very own, if I would wish to come with him to his house and get them. . . .”

Noticing the look of shock on Leslie’s face, Daryl paused. “I shouldn’t have gone with him,” he said heavily.

“Were there other children watching the show?” Leslie asked gently.

‘No. But then there aren’t any other children here in the square, are there? I haven’t seen any.”

Definitely the duke was right, thought Leslie sadly. It was time for Daryl to enter a world proper for his sex, age, and station in life. Giving silent thanks for his safe return, she said calmly, repeating one of his own favorite phrases, “And then what?”

Daryl’s expression brightened. “The most famous thing! The puppet-man and I were walking along a rather crowded street when we heard a loud noise; in fact, it was a real commotion, like a fair on the village green. And who should come barreling down the road but a young man on a machine with wooden wheels! It made a fine racket, I can tell you!” Daryl nodded his satisfaction. “The fellow was grinning and shouting: ‘Make way for the Dray-see-en!’ or some such name. You would have thought it prime, just as I did! There were these two wooden wheels, you see, and a sort of saddle slung between them, and the fellow pushed himself along with his feet. It was splendacious!”

“So of course you asked the young man if you might try it?” said Leslie with sisterly resignation.

“No. He pulled up beside us and asked me if I wished a ride,” was the surprising answer.

“Was he a friend of the puppet-man?”

Daryl shook his head. “I don’t think so. The puppet-man caught at my shoulder and said I mustn’t risk my neck on such a totty-headed contraption. And then the young man said it was plain as the nose on the puppet-man’s face—and that was a good joke, because the man had an enormous snout, Leslie—that he was an old spoilsport. And before anyone could stop him,” concluded the boy with relish, “the fellow had me up on the saddle before him and was wheeling down the street. And the first thing I knew, we were bouncing up in front of Aunt Bella’s door.” He sighed. “It was great fun, but I wish I had had a chance to collect the puppets! Leslie, do you think . . .?”

“I shall see that you get some,” promised the girl. A small price to pay for the boundless relief of having the earl back safe with his family. “You must understand, Daryl, that there are men—Wardell and others like him—who would be glad to have you in their home so they could make you do whatever they wished.” It was an awkward business, trying to warn the boy without terrifying him. What a shame to seal off that lovely spontaneity under a hand shell of wary distrust! Leslie began to understand a little the rigid facade a man like the Duke of Kenelm must be obliged to present to the world.

“The Duke! Leslie recalled his utter lack of anxiety when Daryl was reported missing. Could it be that the youth on the wheeled machine was an agent of his? Surely the encounter could not have been entirely fortuitous. To pick one small boy out of a streetful, to offer him a ride, in fact, to insist that he ride. Feeling confused, and yet a great deal more friendly toward her arrogant Benefactor, the girl resolved to confront him with the question when next they met.





At that very moment, Drogo Trevelyan was receiving a report from the young cousin of his closest acquaintance, Kevin O’Dare. Young Patrick was a cheerful, vigorous giant who was blessed with more bottom than brains. He boasted that he would accept—and indeed had accepted—any challenge or wager proposed to him. This amiable idiot had been recruited by the duke to ride a certain contraption lately brought over to England from France. It had two wooden wheels, ranged one behind the other, and joined by a saddlelike seat. The vehicle, the invention of Baron Karl de Drais de Sauerbrun, was known as a draisine, and was propelled by the rider pushing both feet on the ground, either at once or one after another. Kevin had imported one as a joke, and dared his young cousin to ride it through London. When Drogo had observed this occasion, he was struck by a thought.

If the green girl was correct, and her wicked cousin was truly plotting to eliminate the young earl, then perhaps a better watch than that provided by an elderly bluestocking and a country chit might be in order. So he commissioned Patrick, who had nothing better to do, and had quite fallen in love with the absurd vehicle, to lurk about in the tree-shaded park at Cavendish Square with it, and follow if any attempt was made to abduct the little earl.

Luckily, the attempt was made within two days of the watch being set up. Patrick’s interest in both the vehicle and the young nobleman probably would not have survived a longer waiting period. As it was, he had fulfilled his duty nobly, and was now being feted with an excellent brandy by his employer.

“Next time, make it a girl,” he suggested, raising his glass to his cousin and the duke. “For me to follow, I mean.”

“I have not the least doubt you can find your own girls, you young Irish devil,” said Drogo. “Was there anything particularly noticeable about the kidnapper?”

Patrick guffawed. “He’d a nose as big as—a cannon, but that didn’t make a holy man out of him,” joked the young Irishman.

Both of the other men raised patient eyebrows at this display of childish punning.

“Not a gentleman, you would say?” pressed Drogo.

“A regular cutpurse, I would hazard. A very queer customer,” agreed Patrick, savoring the brandy.

Drogo nodded decisively. “I think I had better have a little talk with someone in authority at Bow Street,” he said softly.

Both of the other men gave him instant attention. Then Kevin asked, “You think it a serious threat?”

Drogo nodded.

“Then I shall come with you,” decided Kevin. “Otherwise you are likely to wind up in the cells yourself. Your terrible reputation, you know!”





Chapter 23





The following morning Leslie rose early, supervised the breakfast of her siblings, and saw poor Daryl firmly into the library to his tutor. With a whispered promise to rescue him for a run through the park later, she closed the door upon his exasperated little face.

She was just crossing the hall to plan the day with her sisters when the knocker resounded. Weems, smiling benevolently in her direction, went to open the front door. Drogo Trevelyan, looking very much the man-about-town, stood upon the threshold holding a dainty bouquet of daisies.

With pleased delight and resentment battling for control, Leslie moved slowly toward the guest.

“Come in, Your Grace.” She managed a formal little curtsy. “Have you had breakfast yet? May we offer you a cup of tea or coffee?”

Drogo’s grin showed the girl that he was well aware of her waspish intention to suggest that his visit was unfashionably early.

“Thank you, Lady Leslie, I have already broken my fast,” he said condescendingly. “I have been busy about your brother’s affairs this morning.”

Stricken with guilt—as the rogue meant her to be—Leslie silently led the way into the drawing room. There Drogo handed her the small posy with a grin.

“I thought the . . . ah . . . marguerites suitable,” he began, mockingly.

“Because I am a green country girl?” demanded Leslie. Then she recollected the announced purpose of his visit, and controlled her temper. “Have you something to tell me about Daryl?” she asked, quietly.

Drogo seated himself on a comfortable sofa and indicated the space beside him. Leslie’s brows moved upward; surely he was not proposing to indulge in a little dalliance so early in the morning.

Drogo read her expression easily. He chuckled. “No, my dear child, I have neither the intention nor the desire to explore your charms today. Perhaps on another, less formal

occasion . . .?” The fellow gave her his most devilish grin.

Leslie understood that he was just playing with her, teasing. If only he really meant it! the girl thought, and was immediately angry at herself. “What did you wish to tell us?” she asked as calmly as possible.

“I have alerted the officials at Bow Street as to the threats against the earl’s life,” he began quietly, all trace of laughter gone. “They inform me that I shall need—or they will—rather more concrete evidence. They have agreed to detail three of their men on eight-hour duty around the clock, to keep surveillance on this house from the park. And I,” he added casually, “shall be persuading Weems to let me send one of my own grooms to the mews to keep watch from the stables. Rather sensible coverage, I think.” His tone invited her agreement.

Leslie was almost overcome with gratitude. The duke was indeed behaving as their Benefactor, as Hilary had so emotionally named him. What other mere acquaintance would have gone to such lengths to protect a boy who was, after all, little more than a neighbor to him? She tried to express her gratitude, but the duke was suddenly remote and formal, and brushed aside her thanks with a courtly gesture.

“And now if I may pay my respects to Lady Bella?”

It was Leslie’s turn to grin naughtily. “Would you like Weems to escort you up to her bedchamber? she asked pertly. “Oh, here he is!” she said as the butler entered followed by a footman bearing a tray. “Weems, His Grace wishes to—”

“Present his compliments to Lady Bella, and request an audience at her convenience later today,” finished Drogo smoothly, but his glance at the smiling girl promised stern reprisals in the future.

Nodding gravely, Weems watched as the footman placed the tray upon a small table near Leslie. Then the two servants left the room.

“You are now supposed to ask for my preferences, pour me a restorative cup, and offer the—” Drogo scanned the plate of tiny pastries with a shudder “—ugh! Lady Bella must have a French chef in her kitchen!”

Leslie nodded, still smiling. “Roland. The children adore him—or his sweets.”

Shuddering, Drogo accepted a cup of fragrant coffee and sipped warily. His shoulders relaxed. “Excellent,” he judged, and drank the contents, holding out the empty cup with a challenging smile.

Leslie refilled it. Then she took a deep breath. “Your Grace—Drogo,” she amended, catching his sudden frown, “we must talk! There is so much—”

The door of the drawing room opened to reveal a worried-looking Weems.

“Mr. March Wardell,” he intoned. “And Mr. Charles Ruby.”

March Wardell strode confidently into the room, followed by a sharp-faced man in neat black with an archaic-looking white stock. The heir ignored Drogo’s presence entirely, fastening his expressionless small dark eyes threateningly on the girl’s white face.

“You have led me a pretty chase, running off with the earl in this reprehensible fashion,” he began, without giving the girl an opportunity to say anything. “Have you no knowledge of the risks you took, stealing away that child so thoughtlessly? You could have gotten him killed! Well, I am his legal guardian, and I have come, with Lawyer Ruby, to take the child back to his own home and proper guardian.”

“Mr. Wardell, I presume?” asked the duke coolly.

Wardell swung his heavy torso around to discover the source of the interruption. He did not seem too impressed by the elegantly dressed fellow who had thrust himself into what obviously must be a private discussion.

“We’ll excuse you, sir, whoever you are,” he said unpleasantly. “This happens to be family business, and I’m pressed for time.” His glance went back to dwell on Leslie’s pale countenance.

“I,” said Drogo in a voice of icy steel, “am Daryl’s neighbor, and his father’s friend. I am Kenelm.”

The lawyer was regarding the duke with wary alarm. March Wardell had no such qualms. His hostility became a sneer. “Kenelm? You’re the dissolute son of that crazy old psalm-singer, are you? Daryl has made an offer for your tumbledown mansion. See Ruby here about it, but do it later. We are busy now.” He presented his shoulder to the duke, returning to the attack on the girl.

Lawyer Ruby, who knew a little more about Drogo Trevelyan than his client appeared to, was agape with shock at Warden’s faux pas.

Reprisal came swiftly. “I believe I must resent your manner, sir,” Drogo said coldly. “Also your person. Both are offensive to any man of breeding.” He advanced upon the startled heir, lifted one strong white hand, and struck Wardell hard on the cheek. “If you will name your seconds? Mr. Kevin O’Dare and Mr. Samuel Muir will act for me.” He turned to the cringing Ruby. “I believe you know of Mr. Muir? He mentioned you to me recently as . . . an astute member of his profession.” There was no attempt to disguise the scorn the duke felt.

March Wardell, taking his hand down from his reddening cheek, roared with rage. “I’ll take you to the highest court in the land for this, you blaggard! Everybody knows what kind of a—you are!” He used a very nasty word, which Leslie had never heard before.

Drogo stepped forward and hit him so hard in the jaw that Wardell smashed to the floor.

The other three occupants of the room stared down at him with varying emotions. Then Drogo said quietly, “Ruby, get that . . . thing out of Lady Bella’s house. You know my seconds. You had better act as one of his; I doubt he’ll find it easy to get another! Arrange the meeting as soon as possible!”

“Surely you jest, Your Grace,” shrilled the lawyer. “A duel? The constables will prevent it!”

“Only if they are informed that it is to take place,” said the duke. “And if they are informed, I shall know whom to hold to account, shall I not?” His rigid expression lightened into a taunting smile. “I have fought four duels á outrance. And as you see, I am—still here. You might warn your client. He may wish to burnish up his skills with whatever weapon he chooses. It is his choice, you know,” he explained with insufferable smugness. “As the challenged man.”

March Wardell, groaning, was trying to drag himself to his feet.

Drogo regarded him with detached amusement. “Don’t try to run out on our duel,” he advised, mockingly. I shall pursue you until we meet on the—the field of honor. Of course, I use the term loosely.” He turned to Ruby. “Get him out of here and advise him as to his safest course of action. It is your responsibility, after all. You permitted him to come here.”

The lawyer ignored his staggering client momentarily.

“You are serious about this . . . this duel?”

“Believe it,” said the duke, in so cold a voice that Leslie shivered.

Lawyer Ruby led the incoherently muttering Wardell out of the room and out of the house.

In the drawing room, a white-faced Leslie caught at Drogo’s arm. “What is a duel á outrance?” she asked.

Drogo tried to brush the question aside.

“A very unpleasant fellow, your cousin March,” he said loftily. “I am glad you persuaded me to rescue your brother from him.”

“What does it mean, Drogo?” Leslie would not let him put her off.

The duke frowned. “It means just what you think it does,” he said harshly. “To the death. You are not going to tell me you have tender compassion for that . . . child-murderer.”

“I fear for you,” said Leslie quietly.

Drogo stared into the deep blue eyes. He had the oddest feeling that if he was not careful, he would drown in their clear, loving depths. He tried for casual amusement.

“I am really a very accomplished swordsman,” he began. “He will cheat,” said Leslie grimly. “You will be fired upon from ambush.”

“That is why gentlemen have seconds,” began Drogo.

“They might bear witness that treachery had occurred,” said the girl, “but they could hardly stop the fatal bullet. And you have given that monster the right to choose the weapons.”

Staring at her through narrowed lids, Drogo felt a surge of an emotion he had never before experienced. His overpowering impulse was to pick up this darling girl and go with her to some place where they could not be interrupted. And stay there for an undefined period of time. Shaking his head to clear it of this insanity, Drogo said sharply, “You will permit me to deal with this creature in my own way, Leslie. I am scarcely a babe-in-arms!”

The girl said nothing. She kept those disconcerting eyes fastened on his face, and Drogo found himself experiencing a second wave of the strange emotion.

Some positive action was called for.

Drogo took the little female into his arms and held her very tightly. No one had ever really cared whether he lived or died, he thought, in an almost maudlin surge of feeling. I have got to stop this! he thought desperately. Decisive action was required!

He bent and took her lips with his, more gently than he had ever possessed a woman’s mouth before. Her lips were soft and warm and curiously sweet. Drogo forgot where he was. He even forgot that he had just challenged a cold-blooded murderer to a deadly duel. All he could do was lose himself in the generous tenderness of the girl’s kiss.

Then, with a groan, he put the small, enticing body away from him. “You told me you would say no!” he gasped.

Leslie’s smile was sunlight. “That was to the dangerous men,” she said gently.

“I am dangerous, you little fool!” Drogo gasped. “Ask anyone!”

“Not to me,” said Leslie, with the loving smile that at once enchanted and terrified the noble rake. “Now stop teasing me and let us plan how to protect you from March Wardell.”

The Most Noble the Duke of Kenelm stared into the small, concerned, wide-eyed countenance turned up to his. For a moment he felt a sensation of dizziness . . . of falling. Catching a deep breath, he seized stern control of his treacherous bodily responses. Assuming a coldly superior expression, he put out both hands to grasp the girl’s shoulders and move her a comfortable distance away from him.

The moment he touched the chit, he knew he had made a bad tactical mistake. Warm . . . soft . . . attractive! announced his mind, rationally.

Leslie, accepting the clasp of his hands, swayed slightly toward the man, her smile suddenly radiant.

DANGER! shrilled the duke’s mind frantically.

Too late.

Drogo Trevelyan was shocked, menaced, overwhelmed by the most terrifying emotion he had ever experienced—

Fear.

With a single, hoarse expletive which neither he nor the girl understood, the Most Noble the Duke of Kenelm turned and ran out of the house.





Chapter 24





After Drogo’s abrupt departure, still most unreasonably refusing to permit Leslie to share in his plans for the duel, the girl went immediately to her great-aunt’s bedroom and opened the budget.

Lady Bella did not show the surprise Leslie had expected.

“Ring for Cameron,” was her first response. “That woman is up to every rig and row in town. And you’d better tell Weems to send up my cocoa,” she added, in a falsely fading voice. “I shall need all the sustenance I can get!” She favored Leslie with a bright, admiring glance.

“ ‘Alarums and excursions,’ as Shakespeare probably said at least once. I must admit I have not enjoyed myself so much for years! Had I known how very interesting it would be to sponsor a clutch of children into the ton, I would have done it ages ago!”

The cocoa having been enjoyed, and Lady Bella and Cameron briefed as to March Wardell’s latest move, the conference became a serious war council. Cameron, when pressed for her opinion, said that she was sure the duke could handle so paltry a challenge “with one hand tied behind him.”

This image of vulnerability so distressed Leslie that she became quite pale, so that Lady Bella was forced to instruct Cameron to push her head between her knees. When Leslie refused to be so handled, her great-aunt insisted that Cameron pour the child a third up of cocoa. This was refused.

“How can you jest when Drogo’s life is at stake?” the girl demanded fiercely.

“Here’s heat! Cameron, tell the chit that such lack of control is unacceptable,” Lady B instructed.

The dresser surprised them both. Looking somberly at the girl, Cameron said, “I think Lady Leslie has a certain sensitivity to the fate of the duke. Love sometimes bestows that painful gift.” While both ladies stared, wide-eyed, Cameron went on, “I do not clearly perceive the future course of events, you understand, but I fail to see any sign of an early death for His Grace. On the contrary . . .”

If Leslie and Lady B had been surprised before, they were now alarmed. The older woman cleared her throat nervously. “Are you claiming to be . . . possessed of . . . ah . . . oracular powers, woman?” she demanded.

Cameron gave her a hard glance. “I make no claims,” she said shortly.

Leslie got up impulsively and threw her arms around the dresser’s bony shoulders. “I pray that you are so possessed,” she said, hugging the woman. “Can you promise me that he isn’t going to be killed by that monster?”

“There will be no duel,” Cameron spoke knowledgeably.

Lady Bella sniffed disparagingly, but, catching the radiance on Leslie’s expressive countenance, did not argue the matter. Instead, she cast Cameron a pretty shrewd glance and said, “Well, I called you in here to take advantage of your nous. What do you advise us to do?”

“Go back to Endale,” said the Scotswoman decisively.

“Go back!” Leslie’s voice mirrored the horrified revulsion she was feeling. “You cannot mean it!”

“Most unwise,” agreed the old bluestocking. “Put the earl back into the power of the Wardells? Insane!”

Cameron’s face took on a closed expression. She folded her sinewy hands in front of her, and made no reply to the charge. Fuming, Lady Bella tried to make sense out of the situation. Leslie was white with shock and disappointment. She had truly hoped for a clever plan from the dresser. She squared her shoulders and tried for a smile.

“Thank you, Cameron,” she said quietly. “I suppose that, legally speaking, you are correct. I must consult with Lady Bella’s advisers today. Perhaps if they cannot be persuaded to fight in the courts for a change of guardians, we will have to go back—”

“Never!” vowed Lady Bella. “I’ll . . . I’ll take the thing into Chancery, or whatever they call the highest courts. They say a case can go as long as fifty years before those old dodoes get around to giving a decision!”

Light-headed with relief and the joy of the old woman’s loyal partisanship, Leslie said merrily, “Given even half that time, Daryl will be well into his majority, and no Wardell will have power to harm him!”

Lady Bella gave the earl an indulgent smile.

“Now go back to your room and let Cameron make you pretty for the day. I’ll get up, too. I intend to wait upon my men-of-law this very morning, and set all in train.”

With a final, grateful smile, Leslie went quickly out of the room.

Cameron followed silently.





Drogo Trevelyan was also consulting with his lawyer. Muir was delighted with the opportunity to ensnare the recalcitrant nobleman further into county affairs. He began to give his client a brief résumé of the improvements already made on the ducal residence, but Drogo brushed that aside in favor of the more urgent business of securing the safety of the Earl of Endale by placing him under his great-aunt’s care.

Muir frowned and pursed his lips. “You say Lady Endale is willing to act as guardian for the children? That might work. She’s an odd old creature, but she’s accepted as clever and responsible by all of London that matters.”

“I wish to help her,” said Drogo firmly. “After all, my estate runs with Endale’s, and I am a fellow peer.” He caught Muir’s speculative glance and said hotly, “They are good children, bright and well behaved! Someone must protect them from that vile creature!”

“Oh, I quite agree.” The lawyer was enjoying his client’s heated response, so dramatically different from the bored arrogance of a few weeks before. “But why must it be . . . your protection, Your Grace?”

Refusing to answer the embarrassing question, Drogo blurted out, “I have challenged the fellow to a duel.”

Muir’s mouth opened and then shut slowly. “A duel? I see.” And he scanned the handsome, flushed features with new interest. “Knowing the fellow’s propensity for violent action, do you think that a wise decision?”

Drogo shrugged. “Wise or not, it seemed the only course at the time. Wardell had arrived in Lady Bella Endale’s town house to carry off the earl. During the course of the . . . discussion, he insulted both Lady Leslie and myself.”

“So you called him out,” said the lawyer, nodding cheerfully. “Very sensible.”

Drogo gave him a resentful glare. “Of course, it wasn’t! As I am now well aware. Wardell is vicious, brutal, despicable . . . a commoner!” A reluctant grin touched the duke’s lips. “I named you as one of my seconds, Muir. With Kevin O’Dare.”

“Alas! There goes my reputation” mourned the lawyer, a smile tugging at his prim lips. “You do know that, as a member of the bar, I cannot serve. I should be compelled by duty to inform the magistrates.” His expression of disappointment lightened. “But that’s a perfect way of stopping this idiocy!”

“I intend to kill the fellow, and a duel’s the only quick, legal way I can think of,” protested the duke.

“ ‘Legal?’ ” taunted Muir.

“It’s been a respected custom here in England for donkey’s years,” protested Drogo. “And I’m good at it. Four duels and I’m still alive.”

“And just where did these barbaric events take place?” demanded the lawyer. Then, “No, on second thought, don’t inform me. I might have to use it against you at your trial.”

“In Europe,” grinned Drogo. “Be a sport, Muir! You know you’d enjoy the human drama of it all.”

“Folly,” corrected the old lawyer, firmly repressing a sparkle of amusement. “Who are Wardell’s seconds?”

“I told his lawyer, Ruby, that he’d have to act as one of them—”

“Adam Ruby took part in this discussion?” gasped Muir. “There won’t be any duel! He’s probably informed Bow Street by this time! It’s the perfect way to save his client,” he added, approvingly.

“I hope he has,” Drogo surprised his lawyer by saying. “With what I’ve already told them about Wardell, this will form one more piece of provocative evidence.”

Muir looked at his difficult client with a mixture of exasperation and reluctant admiration. “Against whom?” he murmured, and then, with a firm authority seldom evident in his dealings with this arrogant nobleman, he said, “You will be guided by me in this, Kenelm, if you please! Whatever your original intent, you have handled the matter excellently. There will be no duel. I shall have a clerk inform Bow Street anonymously, in case Ruby has neglected to do so. “Oh, do not be alarmed.”—catching the look of frustrated anger on his client’s face—“Justice will be served, I promise you. I’ll meet again with Lady Bella’s lawyers and propose a joint guardianship. I think we can outwit Adam Ruby!” He permitted himself a genteel sneer. Then he continued thoughtfully, “I agree that the man Wardell is dangerous—mostly because he is too stupid to foresee the effects of his own activities. He would never get away with killing the child whose heir he is,” Muir added.

For some reason, this would-be soothing comment enraged the duke. “Oh, splendid!” he snapped. “Wardell will land himself in gaol—after he has killed little Daryl!”





Driving away from Muir’s chambers with the echo of the lawyer’s gentle laughter in his ears, Drogo realized that he would have to get himself in hand. Why was he, a hardened, cynical worldling of twenty-nine thoroughly lived years, running like a frightened boy from a seventeen-year-old chit with big blue eyes? Drogo knew that if he discussed the matter with Kevin, that Irish rake would suggest a little romp with Venus as a cure-all. But Drogo definitely did not desire such a nostrum. The little witch had ensnared him; let her be the one to work the cure! Oddly heartened by this decision, Drogo decided to look the chit up the very next day—if not sooner!

And in Cavendish Square, a dowdy black coach drove slowly along in front of Endale Town house. At the exit from the square, it was summarily stopped and the door flung open by a Bow Street runner. The coach proved to be empty. The coachman insisted that he had been hired by some totty-head to drive round the square and then go back to his stand.

Shrugging, the runner let him go.

There was no use trying to understand the quirks of the quality. And after all, there’d been no harm done.





Chapter 25





A missive was delivered in Cavendish Square while Lady Bella and Leslie were in town conducting a most satisfactory session with the Endale family lawyers. The senior partner, who had never really taken to March Wardell, informed them that he had had a note from Kenelm’s lawyer, Samuel Muir, offering all possible support for Lady Bella’s plan to assume guardianship of the young Endales. Mr. Foley even expressed confidence that the changeover would not take too long nor be too difficult of achievement.

Arriving home flushed with triumph, the ladies discovered the message from the Countess de Lieven, which contained an invitation from the patronesses of Almack’s for Lady Bella and her niece, Lady Leslie, to attend a small function on Friday evening.

Lady Bella’s delight was obvious. “We’ve done it, child! Almack’s! The supreme accolade! Whatever shall we wear?”

Choking down a giggle, Leslie mentioned several of the more striking of Lady Bella’s gowns. All were rejected with every sign of loathing. “No, child, we must go to Eugenie and enlist her aid. Unless you think that Kenelm might be prevailed upon to advise us.” She finished with a speculative glance at Leslie.

The idea was tempting, Leslie admitted. Still, a refusal would be very painful. She frowned, her blue eyes reflecting deep thought. At length she turned to Lady B and smiled.

“I’ll ask him, ma’am. But you know what he is! He is as likely to send us to Coventry as to help us.”

The old woman nodded cheerfully. “We’ll take our chances, dear child. Kenelm’s already put himself out for young Daryl, from what Foley said today.” Momentarily caught by another idea, she sniffed. “Foley! The man should be called Fogey, don’t you agree? Pompous old natterer!”

No longer controlling her desire to laugh, Leslie said teasingly, “Aunt Bella, you had that poor man bewitched! I was expecting him to offer you a partnership.”

Lady Bella preened a little. “I did have some rather sensible questions to ask, and pertinent suggestions to make, did I not?” she agreed. “Do you think Mr. Foley is . . . good looking?”

“We shall be able to tell when he brings the documents for your signature tomorrow, shall we not?” Leslie replied demurely. “I thought you said these lawyers dawdled on for an age. Mr. Foley seems to waste very little time! You seem to have had a powerful influence upon the . . . er . . . pompous old natterer.”

“Naughty child,” reproved Lady Bella, but she was plainly pleased at the gentle impeachment.





In the event, Drogo Trevelyan appeared to be quite willing to assist the Endale ladies to acquire garments suitable for a first appearance at Almack’s. Lady Bella was delighted with the French Empire style Eugenie selected for her. The velvet draped her aged bones softly, and the dark rose color lent her a charming blush. The rose velvet turban was effectively draped to disguise her gray hair.

“When Cameron gets through with me, I shall, to use Daryl’s words, look as fine as fivepence!” she said with satisfaction. “Now, what magic have you for my great-niece, Madame Eugenie?”

The duke interrupted with a roguish smile. He seemed, decided Leslie happily, to have gotten over whatever mood it was that had sent him scuttling from Lady Bella’s home with such an uncharacteristic loss of poise. He was standing at Leslie’s shoulder, smiling down into her eyes.

“Have you a pretty dress in a color to match these lovely eyes?” he asked softly.

Leslie decided that life could hold no more enchanting moment.





Chapter 26





While Lawyer Muir was contentedly weaving his web, and Drogo was attempting to drown his incomprehensible new emotions with the surprised but willing cooperation of his friend, Kevin, another sort of conference was taking place in a small, unobtrusive hostel in an unfashionable section of London. There, in the suite they had shared under an assumed name ever since Wardell’s agent had located the runaway earl, a one-sided discussion was going on between March and his stolid, low-voiced wife Charity.

March was seated at a table, steadily lowering the level of the whiskey in a bottle he had ordered with dinner. Predictably, the liquor was serving only to exacerbate the horror he felt at the situation that damned nobleman had trapped him into.

“A duel, for God’s sake!” he muttered with a curse. The things were outlawed! He had only to inform on Kenelm, he told his wife belligerently, and the damned lecherous bully would be in gaol where he belonged!

Charity Moggs Wardell had been listening to her husband for half an hour, her small button-black eyes intent under puffy lids. At the conclusion of his latest outburst, she spoke in that low, gravelly voice that always intimidated her husband.

“You have botched the matter from the outset, Mr. Wardell,” she said grimly. “I shall put my own plan into action now.”

Wardell stared at her with red-rimmed eyes. He knew better than to try to argue with the only child and heiress of Gamaliel Moggs, who had been smart enough to rig the marriage settlements so that his daughter and only child held control of his enormous fortune—and to provide that, upon her death, the residue of the estate should be given to the Crown. It seemed he had correctly gauged the quality of Charity’s suitor.

Mrs. Wardell was not waiting for her husband’s approval of her plan. “You had better go back to our town house in the morning,” she told him. “Stay there, where the servants, and any spies of Kenelm’s, can attest to your presence. That will clear you of suspicion when I act. Tell everyone we have been on a trip, and that I am visiting friends for a few more days. Above all, do nothing against the earl. I shall handle the problem myself.” She shot a keen, curiously unfeminine glance at the man she had accepted as her husband solely because he was the heir to an earldom. Then, without further ado, Mrs. Wardell left the room.





The following morning Lady B and Leslie were closeted with Cameron, preparing for the reception that evening at Almack’s. Cameron was silent, but since that was her usual style, the two ladies did not think to comment. Instead they consulted the dresser as to the merits of the costumes they had chosen for an event neither had ever attended before.

“You do well to wear the rose velvet, milady,” Cameron advised. “With the matching turban and your diamond parure, it should prove both correct for such a social event, and flattering to your hostesses.” She turned to the eagerly waiting girl. “I have sorted through your new gowns carefully, Lady Leslie. This new one chosen by His Grace is the right one.”

The dresser took from an armoire a silken robe of a blue that exactly matched Leslie’s eyes. Drogo had smiled when he chose it, she recalled, and made some laughing comment to Eugenie, who was completely under the rascal’s spell. The woman had even found a pair of blue silk-covered shoes that matched the gown.

Viewing the soft, delicate garment now, Leslie sighed with pleasure. “It is the prettiest dress I have ever had.”

“I suppose you are going to tell me I must not give my niece any jewelry, Cameron,” fussed the old woman. “Just trumpery roses?”

“No, milady, I am going to suggest that you give her the pearl choker with the sapphire at the front.”

“My grandmother’s pearls,” agreed Lady B happily. “Most becoming—and suitable, you think?” they exchanged glances.

“But they are priceless!” protested Leslie. Everyone in the beau monde knew about Countess Amanda’s necklace! A symbol of true love purchased by her young husband after a search throughout most of Europe for “a bauble to adorn the prettiest throat in all England,” the young husband had ardently proclaimed. “They are too . . . important to be wasted on a plain little female like myself!”

Both Cameron and Lady Bella ignored her half-hearted protests. In fact, Cameron told her quite severely to stop havering and sit down at once so her hair could be washed, since it would require the whole day for the dresser to prepare two ladies for the coming evening’s activities.





Shortly before the duke was expected to arrive to escort the two Endale ladies to Almack’s, they came down the staircase en grande tenue, to the vociferous admiration of the three younger Endales, who had been permitted to stay up long enough to behold the dazzling parade.

“You are positively magnificent, Aunt Bella!” cried Hilary, clasping her hands with admiration.

The old woman made a stately curtsy, to the children’s delight. Daryl came forward to bow over her hand, and Meredith kissed the delicately painted cheek.

And then the children’s eyes went to their sister, coming down the stairs far enough behind Lady Bella so as not to steal her thunder. And this time the young Endales were silent, until Daryl came forward and offered his hand to lead Leslie down the last few steps, and Hilary gasped.

“Is it really you, Leslie? But you are beautiful!”

Indeed, in the golden light of the many candles, the girl had a glowing aura of tender young loveliness.

Meredith said it for all of them. “I doubt very much if Drogo Trevelyan will be able to resist you tonight, Leslie.”

Two footmen were at the doors, swinging them open. There was the sound of a heavy vehicle drawing up, and Weems was making ready to assist the ladies down the steps and into the duke’s carriage himself, when a neatly dressed groom swung down off the box and ran lightly up the steps.

“Urgent message for Lady Leslie Endale,” he gasped. “From His Grace! Begs to inform you he is most unfortunately compelled to excuse himself, and dares not hope you might be willing to wait for him. Respectfully urges you go ahead without him!” gasped the groom, with the air of one successfully completing a long and well-rehearsed announcement.

The Endales, all five of them, stared at one another in shocked surprise.

“I would have sworn Kenelm would never do such a thing,” Lady Bella said dully. “Of course we cannot go without him”

Hilary, already in tears, agreed. “So humiliating! Everyone would think he has begged off because he doesn’t like us!”

“But he does like us!” argued Daryl. “I know he does! He talks to me!”

Leslie, who had clutched the newel post, turned a pallid face to her distressed family. “Of course he likes us,” she said grimly. “It’s the duel!”

There was an appalled silence, and then Lady Bella said sharply, “Nonsense! No person in his senses would fight a duel at night! He couldn’t see to aim the pistol.”

This remark did little to comfort any of those who heard it. Meredith spoke up bravely, “It may have been some totty-headed notion of March Wardell’s. As the one challenged, he can determine the details. But Drogo Trevelyan is too downy a bird to be taken in by tricks, Leslie. You know that! He’ll make sure it’s a fair fight.”

“And if he doesn’t, his friend Kevin O’Dare will be there—a great gun, Leslie, I assure you!” said Daryl confidently. The others hastened to agree.

Leslie, hungry for their assurances, noticed that the groom who had delivered the message still lingered just within the doorway. As though he has a private message to impart, thought the girl, grasping at any hope. She moved toward him, and said in an urgent whisper, “Was there a word for me, groom? I am Lady Leslie.”

The young fellow’s expression brightened. “Yus, ma’am! I was told to tell you, if I got a chance to speak privatelike, that the . . . the dool is to take place on the heath where th’ balloon went up. Said you’d know where that was.”

“What is the fellow saying to you?” demanded Lady Bella, sweeping down on the whispering pair like a man-of-war under full sail.

Casting a fearful glance at the formidable dame, the groom whispered, “I’m to wait for ye, Miss,” and nipped off down the steps to mount the box. The carriage lumbered away.

“What did the boy say?” repeated the old woman.

Leslie was in a quandary. If she told her great-aunt what the groom had said, Lady Bella would of course refuse to let her go to the heath, which Leslie had every intention of doing. Drogo would not have told her where the meeting was to take place if he had wished her to stay away. It gave the girl a warm glow in her breast to think that the duke wished her to support him in this vital moment. Perhaps she might bring him luck.

Leslie knew very little about duels. She had, of course, never seen one, nor had the subject been introduced into any family conversation she could recall. Still, Miss Wheaton had made a few casual references to the art of dueling as it related to chivalry, so Leslie was aware that ladies often gave a token for good luck to a knight who fought to defend their honor. She made up her mind.

“He was telling me that actually, His Grace would rather we went quietly to bed. He assures me he will explain everything to Lady Jersey and the Countess de Lieven. No doubt we shall be invited to Almack’s upon another occasion,” she finished airily.

Lady Bella regarded her with suspicion and deep disappointment. Finally, with great annoyance, she uttered the single syllable, “Men!” and stamped back upstairs to her bedroom.

Hilary concurred with the sentiment. “He should never have permitted the duel to be set on the night you were attending Almack’s for the first time,” she said with disgust. “It shows a lack of . . . of sensibility!”

Daryl chuckled, and opened his mouth to make a masculine comment upon the relative importance of duels and receptions, but catching sight of Leslie’s pale face, he forbore. Meredith gently shepherded her siblings up to their rooms, only pausing to bestow a comforting kiss on Leslie’s pale cheek. Leslie waited just inside the drawing room until everyone, even Weems, had sadly disappeared. Then she caught up her cloak and slipped silently out the front door.

As she expected, the duke’s massive carriage was waiting just down the street from Lady Bella’s house. The door was hanging open. At her hurried approach, the groom swung down and boosted her into the darkened interior with more haste than grace. Then, with a rumble of heavy wheels, the carriage jolted off through the darkened streets.

Oh, Drogo—be safe! prayed the girl.





Five minutes later, the great coach of the Duke of Kenelm was pulled up before Endale Town house, and Drogo, magnificent in dark blue velvet to complement his little charmer, ran lightly up the front steps and banged happily upon the knocker. As his summons was slow to bring a response, a frown settled over the arrogant, handsome features. Where was everyone? Usually a butler as adept as Weems would have had the doors open and the ladies waiting in the hallway!

When one door finally swung open, the Duke of Kenelm was at his most arrogant. Only the sight of the shock and dismay on Weems’s countenance gave him pause.

“Your Grace! We just had your message . . .! Oh, no!” And without another word of explanation, Weems turned and ran up the great stairway to fetch Lady Bella.

It took several minutes to share the damaging information, and five more to ascertain that Lady Leslie was no longer in the house.

“March Wardell!” gritted the duke. “I shall kill him!”





Chapter 27





“But why Leslie?” groaned Lady Bella. “I thought it was young Daryl he was anxious to kill!”

At this second use of the dreadful word in as many minutes, Hilary, hanging over the upper balcony in desperate anxiety to hear what was going on, emitted such a piercing wail as to bring the adults in the hallway below her back to their senses.

Mastering his panic, Drogo forced a smile. “I’ll go after them at once.” He attempted to soothe the frightened women.” I believe Wardell will not attempt the drive to Endale. Too easy for a rider on a fast horse to catch up with him! The fellow has a house here in London, does he not? I shall try there first.”

“Get O’Dare and a brace of pistols,” advised the little earl. “Oh, I wish I might come with you!”

Drogo spared him a comradely grin. “You will be needed here to support Lady Bella and your sisters,” he told the boy.

“I never get to share the adventures,” protested Daryl.

“Don’t be absurd,” Hilary chided him. “We all shared a hideous adventure, escaping from Wardell through the woods. And now we see it was all to no avail!” she wept.

“How can you be sure he will take Leslie to his London house?” asked Meredith quietly. “I would think he’d know that’s the first place you would search.”

Drogo stared into the small pale face. Hell and damnation! The child was right! Drogo ground his teeth in frustrated fury. Where would the dastard take Leslie?

“Send for Mr. O’Dare and the pistols,” said Lady Bella heavily. “I’ll have Weems notify Mr. Foley and the authorities at Bow Street—”

“Yes, you must do that,” agreed Drogo, forcing himself to be calm. “I think I will speak to the runner who is guarding the square, and ask him what he knows about this business.”

Lady Bella had enough nous to realize that the nobleman would refuse to dawdle about being questioned by officials while Leslie was in such great danger. She also knew that it would be equally useless to try to send the children to bed while matters were in this state. Nodding to the hovering Weems, she requested brandy for the duke and hot cocoa for everyone else.

Drogo gave her his charming smile. “I shall take you up on that when I bring Leslie back to you, ma’am,” he said gently. The thought crossed his mind, as he smiled reassuringly at the ring of anxious, loving faces turned so trustingly to his, that, willy-nilly, he had apparently acquired a family in the last few weeks. He decided he rather liked the feeling.

And then, with an encouraging wave, he was out the door and standing on the front porch. “Bow Street!” he bellowed. “The runner—front and center!”

Out of the trees in the park across the street strode a tall figure with a reassuringly militant bearing. The runner, obviously an old soldier, saluted and gave his name and rank. “ ‘Orace Bardy, sir. Constable.”

“I am the Duke of Kenelm,” said Drogo. “Your chief has provided Lady Endale with your protection at my request. Tonight, someone persuaded Lady Leslie to go with him in a carriage. Did you witness the departure?”

Why am I babbling on like a pompous idiot when darling little Leslie may be—Drogo could not bear to finish the thought. Only the knowledge that he really had no idea where to look for the girl kept him standing here like a dolt. But it began to appear that the precautions he had taken earlier had had some value after all, for Bardy said carefully, “I saw this big carriage pull up. It was an ‘andsome one, milord, and since I’d been warned yer lordship was comin’ to pick up the ledies tonight, I wasn’t alarmed. A grum jumps out and runs up to the door. I was wonderin’ why the nob didn’ get out to escort his ledy ‘imself.” Since Drogo made no answer to this irrelevance, Bardy went on, “After a few minutes the grum comes runnin’ down, gets back on the box, an’ the coachman drives down the road a piece. When ‘e stops, and the grum opens the door, I gets leery. Then, jus’ when I’m thinkin’ I ought to go over and find out wot’s to do, a young ledy slips out of the Endale ‘ouse and runs to the carriage. Grum boosts ‘er in and slams the door and they’re off an’ runnin’.”

“I wish you had gone off after them,” groaned the duke. “We believe that March Wardell ran some rig on Lady Leslie, to get her to go with him in the coach.”

“That’s all right, sir,” said Constable Bardy. “Yer own grum was watchin’ from the park, already mounted an’ ready to follow your carriage in case of accidentslike. When ‘e saw the little ledy gettin’ into a strange coach, ‘e jus’ . . . followed.”

Drogo’s relief was so great that for a moment he felt dizzy. “Will he report back here, do you think, Bardy?”

The runner pondered. “I sh’d think ‘e would report to your own ‘ouse, sir. ‘Eadquarterslike.”

“Thank you, Bardy! I’ll see you get credit for a fine job of surveillance. Report to Bow Street everything which has occurred, and what measures we are taking.” Drogo strode back to his own carriage, sent a groom to relate the news to the Endales, and then gave his coachman the order to spring them back to Kenelm Town house. While he awaited the report he knew would be coming as rapidly as was humanly possible, he could alert Muir and Kevin—and collect his pistols.

His carriage was just drawing up in front of his own imposing mansion when a chilling thought struck. Fool that he was, he had left the earl to all intents and purposes unguarded! Bardy had been dispatched to report to Bow Street; his own groom was trailing Leslie in the mysterious carriage. The defenders had been lured away. Endale was unprotected!

Desperately he tried to convince himself that his fears were groundless, that he was attributing greater deviousness to Wardell than the man possessed. Still, the dreadful apprehension would not disappear—in fact, it grew stronger. When his carriage drew up in front of his town residence, Drogo did not wait for the groom to open the door. He flung himself out and up to the massive portal, beating a heavy tattoo until his affronted butler Adam flung them open.

“Send a groom for Mr. O’Dare,” Drogo commanded. “Tell him the little Endale is threatened with kidnapping or worse. He is to go to Lady Bella Endale’s home in Cavendish Square at once, and keep his eye on the boy!”

While he was giving his orders, Drogo had been moving rapidly. He had gone to his library and removed the case containing his dueling pistols. Tucking a handful of bullets into one pocket of his elegant velvet coat, he had returned to the entrance hall.

“Tell the stableboy to saddle up Ajax—on the double!” he told Adam. “Then get me a sensible riding cloak! I look like a Bond Street cavalier on the strut!”

He was forced to grin at the indignant expression on the old servant’s face, but there was no time for apologies. In fact, he decided, he would save time if he went out to the stable in the mews and set off as soon as Ajax was ready.

Again he caught himself up. Set off to where? The young groom, whose name he did not even know had not yet reported! It might be tomorrow before he had news . . . and Leslie might be—No! Sweat broke out on the wide brow as Drogo fought his battle for control of the devastating fears that racked him.





Just after midnight, the first news came. It was heralded by the loud clatter of hooves and some masculine shouts. Drogo was at the open front door almost as soon as the butler. Kevin O’Dare ran up the steps, laughing.

“We caught him, Drogo! We have the skelpin! He won’t be trying to pull off any more chancy tricks for a while, I’ll wager!”

“The child!” demanded Drogo. “Is Daryl safe?”

“The little earl is safe, I tell you!” Kevin’s elated voice rang out. “We were hiding when Wardell came, demanding to talk to Lady Bella. Thought he’d have only an old woman and some servants to deal with, you see! Two of the runners, me, and my cousin were behind one of those Oriental screens, listening to the whole thing! Wardell offered to exchange the young earl—his legal ward, he boasted, and rightfully under his control—for Lady Leslie. Just as he was beginning to threaten the poor old woman, the screen fell over with a crash and we had to end the farce!” He grinned ruefully. “The runners are a stiff-rumped crew,” he murmured. “They only let me hit the blaggard twice before they marched him away to Bow Street.”

While the duke said and did all that was hospitable and admiring, he was quite unable to disguise the deep alarm he felt over the missing girl. And finally Kevin sensed the tension in his friend, and offered to come with him as soon as they had news of her whereabouts. To this generous offer the duke gave thanks, but told his friend to go home and get some rest, since he would have to attend the arraignment of Wardell the following morning, and would need all his wits about him.

“Muir will help you to see that he does not escape his due punishment,” Drogo told his friend, “but you must be there to testify.”





In the event, it was a short time later when Derry, the young groom, pounded up the street, jumped off his horse, left it blowing and frothy in front of the mansion, and raced up the steps and in the door, which had been left ajar. Hearing the noise of his arrival, Drogo strode out into the hallway to question him.

“They’ve got Miss pent up in a grubby little inn about an ’alf hour’s ‘ard ride north o’ Lunnon,” the youth gasped. “I seen ‘em un’itch the ‘orses, so I figures they’re set for the night!” He proceeded to give the duke careful directions for reaching the place.

“Well done, boy,” said his master. Then, “What is your name? I can’t keep calling you boy when you’ve done a man’s job.”

“I’m Derry, Your Grace,” grinned the groom.

“Give Derry anything he asks for,” commanded Drogo, turning to run back to the stables. “I’ll thank you personally later, Derry,” he promised.

Beaming with triumph, the lad began to think of what all he might ask for under the duke’s lavish edict.





It was not hard for Drogo to follow Derry’s directions. When he was several hundred yards from the squalid little inn, he led a weary Ajax onto the grassy verge beside the road, to muffle the sound of their approach. There was a light burning in one room on the second floor. All else was dark—and silent. Grasping one of his pistols, which he had charged during the hideous wait for news, Drogo dismounted and tied Ajax to a shrub near the road. Then he approached the building and tried the front door.

Surprisingly, it opened easily.

Drogo crept cautiously up the sagging wooden steps to the second floor. Oddly enough, he was reminded of his first furtive advance upon the Endale children, when he had thought them gypsy thieves.

The upper hall was narrow and malodorous. There was a thin streak of light around an ill-fitting door halfway down the short hall. Drogo moved stealthily toward it. Grasping the pistol firmly, he drew back his foot and kicked in the door.

His intent gaze swept the wretched room, taking in the dusty, rumpled bed, the tattered drapes, the broken window. . . . And then he saw her. Leslie was huddled in the corner next to the window, a shard of the heavy glass in one hand, glaring defiantly at—Charity Wardell!

Moving slowly out of the shadows, the heavyset woman, clothed in her usual sober black, her sandy hair hanging in loose strands around her face and neck, advanced toward the man who had just effected a rude entry to the room. Her small mouth was a rictus of hate, fear, rage. Drogo was afraid that, in her frenzy of disappointment, she might try to do Leslie an injury. She did not appear to have a weapon. The big man relaxed his vigilance slightly as he glanced again at the slender, defiant girl.

Leslie! So great a joy to find you safe!

Drogo drew a deep breath. “I believe it time you left for London, ma’am,” he told Mrs. Wardell gently. “Your husband needs you. He has been arrested for attempted kidnapping and is at present being held in the cells at Bow Street.”

Slowly the raddled face turned aside from its rigid perusal of the big man standing just inside the doorway. Charity Wardell faced the girl. Leslie had lowered her arm. Now she dropped her makeshift weapon. The glass shattered on the wooden floor as Leslie took a step, two steps, toward Drogo. Her expression began to soften and glow with adoration for her rescuer.

And then Charity Wardell struck.

A tiny gleam of light was all the warning Drogo got, as the half-crazed woman lashed out at Leslie with a small knife. Instantly chaos reigned in the grubby little room. The woman was raving now, cursing her husband in a guttural flow, and striking about her in a fury. Drogo could have waited his chance to seize her, but he was too fearful that she might injure the girl—who was evidently suffering from the same fears for his person.

It was a nightmare scene. The fitful gust of wind coming through the broken pane twisted the flame of the candle, making shifting shadows which added to the menacing power of the crazed woman’s knife. If he had been willing to hurt her, Drogo could have rendered her harmless with a single blow. Instead, in an agony of fear for his intrepid little shieldmate, he maneuvered Mrs. Wardell into a corner and, catching her sinewy wrists in one hand, he seized the knife with the other.

When she realized she had been disarmed, the woman staggered over to the bed and collapsed on it, weeping.

Drogo led Leslie out into the dirty hall.

“Did she hurt you?”

Leslie raised her lovely eyes to his face. They were shadowed with weariness and remembered fear, but they glowed with an emotion that alarmed the duke.

“No, Drogo, she didn’t hurt me. She was planning to send a message to you—to make an exchange.”

Drogo shook his head as he led her toward the rickety stairway. “She is mad! What did they hope to accomplish by this ploy? The husband already tried to make off with Daryl—and failed,” he added quickly.

“She told me she planned to bargain. To trade me in exchange for control of Daryl. She thought they could force you to accept Wardell as his guardian. She said you had a . . . weakness for me.” She could not meet his gaze. “Perhaps the on dit misled her?”

Drogo felt again the onset of that weird vertigo that had so disturbed him in other encounters with this girl. He had fully intended to be calm, kindly, and controlled when he found the chit, but she was having her usual effect upon his nerves, and he resented it. He opened his lips to make a laughing comment concerning the absurdity of the rumors circulating in the ton, and instead, he heard himself saying, in a voice he did not recognize as his own, “You looked so small and dear and fierce in that squalid room! So brave and beautiful! Your eyes were blazing sapphires—the exact color of your dress. . . .” His golden gaze caressed her face.

Through the girl’s mind flashed Cameron’s dream: the stairway, the blue dress, and true love at the foot of the stairs! She gave her true love a weary, adoring smile.

“You came,” she said softly. “Mrs. Wardell had promised to kill me if you refused to bargain with her. But you outwitted her! You found me. You saved me. I love you.”

This far-too-forthright statement sent a chill of terror through the nobleman’s well-armored heart. He had learned, in the hardest of schools, that vulnerability meant pain—either the mockery of his peers or, even more devastating, the inevitable betrayal and loss. He struck out blindly.

“But I do not love you, child. How could I? You are scarcely out of the nursery, so green a girl that you would bore me after three days.” Avoiding the pain in the vulnerable little face—it was for her own good, wasn’t it?—better a little pain now that a great deal later, he knew that—Drogo dealt the final blow.

“If ever I do marry, it will only be to secure the succession. And you are not old enough to be a suitable mother to my children.”

Drogo waited, avoiding her glance. Would she argue, plead?

After a long moment, Leslie said in a voice from which all feeling had been removed, “I see. Then shall we return to Lady Bella at once?”

Oddly annoyed at her instant acceptance of his crushing rebuff, the duke grasped Leslie’s arm and pulled her down the stairs. The sooner he got her—and himself—out of this abominable situation, the better he would like it! She was no different from any of the vapid young debutantes he had been forced to meet over the years, he told himself grimly. One minute they were passionately in love with one man; the next, they could hardly remember his name as they swooned over some other unfortunate male! Somehow, he had not thought of Leslie as that sort of girl! It goes to show, Drogo decided cynically, that one female is very much like another—and all of them are deceitful.

Yet he would have wagered his life that Leslie Endale was different!





Chapter 28





To his surprise, Drogo discovered that he was shaking with anger as he pulled the little female up in front of him on Ajax and anchored her firmly against his chest. The fact that it was very satisfying to hold her so roughly did not for a moment diminish his sense of outrage—Outrage? Well, of course he was furious at her stupidity in swallowing whole the absurd trick of Mrs. Wardell. Like a trout with a lure, he thought in disgust. He surely was not angry at her instant acceptance of his rebuff! He clenched her softness unnecessarily close to his body as a method of informing her that he could hardly wait to get her back to her family and be free of the responsibility!

He gave Ajax the office to walk. A slow pace would make the return tediously long but the simplest concern for the noble animal, forced to bear a double burden, and having already performed splendidly in the punishing ride from London, demanded such consideration. No doubt the beast was tired by their frantic pursuit of the maddening girl in his arms. Leslie chose this unfortunate moment to ask a question.

“Where is your carriage?” she faltered. She was confused by Drogo’s obvious anger, after his heroic rescue and especially after the magical moment they had shared—and his cruel rebuff immediately after. Had her response been too timid? Too enthusiastic? She had accepted his rejection. Why was he so angry with her?

Her noble duke lost no time in enlightening her.

“My carriage, is it? He began with awful intensity. “Of course I left it in London, in front of Lady Endale’s town house, where I had brought it to take you and your Aunt to Almack’s! Or had you forgotten my invitation?”

Leslie decided she had better cut at once to the heart of the matter. It seemed Drogo was angry at her for her folly in being so easily gulled by the Wardells!

“Your—that is, the Wardells’ groom told us you could not attend the reception with us. That you were to fight a duel on the heath where the balloon ascent took place . . . and that you wanted me with you . . .” Her voice weakened and died against the furious incredulity that was somehow radiating from his big hard body to her own.

Drogo did not spare her. “You actually believed that I would permit anything to change my plans after my invitation had been accepted?” he began harshly. “It is clear you do not know me! You believed I would arrange a duel, at midnight, on the heath?” For a moment the duke’s innate sense of fair play overcame his rage, and he admitted grudgingly, “The heath might have been a suitable venue, considering that Wardell could hardly conceal any assassins in such open country.” However, this softening of his anger did not last, and with an unconscious tightening of his already tight clasp of her person, Drogo continued his tirade.

“So, having totty-headedly accepted all these ridiculous assumptions about me and my code of behavior, you sneaked clandestinely from your aunt’s home, entered a strange carriage at night, and blithely set out for an unknown destination?”

Leslie was feeling crushed in more ways than one. And cold, and too warm where she was in contact with His Grace, and lonelier than she had ever felt in her life. That may have been the reason for her anguished wail, “But I did know my destination! I was going to the heath where we watched the balloon ascent and were . . . so happy! I was going to be your . . . your second in the duel—”

Even as she spoke these words, her mind told her how absurd they must sound. Her mind was right.

“Indeed?” said the duke coldly. “My second, is it? Do you have absolutely no conception of the way the Polite World goes on? There has never—never—to my knowledge been an occasion upon which a female has acted as a second in a duel. Certainly not in England,” he tacked on pompously.

Then, as if this tongue-lashing were not enough, the duke went on coldly, “Not content with accepting this bizarre proposal from an unvoiced-for servant, you proceeded to slip away without informing your elderly relative or your siblings of your intent, thus causing them extreme alarm and concern. Poor little Hilary,” he finished accusingly, “was in tears.”

Something within Leslie put its foot down. Enough! Enough of this arrogance, this harsh cruelty to a battered heroine. Did he think this evening had been like a charming soiree in an elegant drawing room for her? Defiantly Leslie flung her head back, only to collide painfully with an iron-clad chest. This injury, added to the insult of the duke’s scornful charges, served to unleash the girl’s own fury.

“Hilary,” she riposted scornfully if inaccurately, “is always in tears. When she is not in alt over the . . . the condescending courtesies of her Benefactor! I should think that even the little exposure you have had to us awkward and ignorant Endales would have told you that—with your famous nous!”

A new kind of excitement began to burn in the duke’s breast. Fight back at him, would she? He’d see that! Settling the maddening little armful more cozily against his torso, where it was already beginning to generate a delightful warmth, he said in a voice he tried to make scornful, “Oh, I shall probably have my work cut out for me, whipping you Endales into shape! I am to be your new guardian, you know—along with Lady Bella.”

Leslie digested this earthshaking news. Her guardian? Did that mean he would not be able to pursue a . . . closer relationship? Did he wish to pursue a closer relationship, or had his behavior in that terrible room been some aberration of the senses—his and hers? She wished she knew! Dared she ask? Leslie sank limply against the duke’s iron warmth, confessing that she really had no notion how one might handle so overpowering a nobleman.

At that moment the inspiration came to her like a veritable bolt of lightning. From a thoroughly English, unimpeachable source!

“Does being our guardian mean that you will have to arrange suitable marriages for all of us?” she began.

This startling inquiry so shocked His Grace that he felt a cold chill, or grue as the Scots have it, run over his whole body. Gathering his forces hastily, he tried for a smooth recover. The gazetted rake bent an accusing glare at the small female who had asked such an outrageously indiscreet question.

“Why do you ask? Have you someone in mind for yourself?” he demanded. Just as he thought: Off with the old; on with the new!

“Yes,” said the incorrigible little female.

“May a mere guardian be permitted to ask the name of this fortunate man?” Drogo asked with awful courtesy.

“Why, it is yourself, of course,” said Leslie outrageously, tilting her face up to offer him her lovely smile. “No lesser man will satisfy me. After what you said, and I said, and you did, up in that hallway—You said,” she reminded him, “that I was small and dear and brave and beautiful. And fierce,” she added warningly. “You were right. I shall fight to have you, dearest Drogo.”

“Stop!” gasped the embattled duke. “What I said . . .” he found the memory of the moment she had conjured up so arousing that he had not the heart to deny the thrill of pleasure her announcement of her claim gave him. She really wanted him . . . loved him? “You intend to fight for me?” he asked.

“A worthy guardian would be asking what the man’s intentions were,” the chit informed him pertly.

Drogo’s mind joined his senses in a reeling dance. Was his Leslie teasing him? Did she dare to try to run a rig on the downiest, wariest, wisest bird of prey in England? Glaring down into her shining eyes, he decided that, indeed, she would dare to fight for what she truly desired. He pulled her closer to his heated body, eliminating the tiny space his shocked response to her challenge had created.

“So you wish to marry me, do you?”

“Oh, yes, Drogo,” said his little love, like a vow, like a prayer.

Drogo drew in a shaking breath of sheer delight.

“Hooked at last,” he muttered, grinning widely down into the enchanting, adorable, teasing little face. “Well, I suppose I must arrange it. Since I already seem to have acquired a family, including one literary great-aunt, one underage nobleman, and two diverse but darling sisters, I suppose there is nothing left for me to do but give them a mother!” Noting the look of bliss on her countenance, he went on in an unsteady voice, “And myself the dearest, bravest, most maddening little wife any guardian ever chose for himself! Kiss me, Wife!”

Before the utter bliss of Drogo’s warm lips quite overcame her senses, Leslie remembered to say, “Don’t forget I am to be the mother to all your own sons and daughters, when we have them!”

Dazed by his unbelievable good fortune, the chosen man pulled her closer to his body. Through his mind flashed a picture of Kenelm Place, restored to its former splendor, dreaming in warm sunlight, its gracious halls ringing with the sounds of children’s laughter—beloved children, confident of their parents’ love. “I am so glad you found me, little one,” he whispered, sealing her lips to his in a tender kiss.

Leslie congratulated herself upon remembering Lady Bella’s excellent advice. She would never have found the courage to claim her wonderful Drogo if she had not had the support of her literary great-aunt and an even greater authority.

Had not the elderly bluestocking stated, when the duke had brought them home after the Pentacles’ Ball:

If it were done when ‘tis done, then ‘twere well

It were done quickly.

Leslie sighed with rapture and wriggled a little closer into her man’s hard embrace. Shakespeare was never wrong!





THE RANDOM GENTLEMAN





Elizabeth Chater





To Eve Lynn, wise and wonderful.





Table of Contents The Random Gentleman

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty





Chapter One



The Honorable Belinda Sayre tapped gently on the door of the library and was bidden to enter by a bellow from the voice which had made subalterns tremble when General the Right Honorable the Earl of Sayre had commanded his troops in the field. Not the least daunted, Belinda pushed open the door and stood upon the threshold, looking, as she was well aware, an enchanting picture of feminine loveliness. The rich golden hair which her admiring swains had likened to sunlight, guinea gold, and once, lamentably (but he was after all a younger son), to butter, was shining smooth and charmingly arranged by her devoted dresser. Her costume was perfect for a quiet morning in an elegant London town house, and her manner, at once merry and modest, was exactly calculated to win over the crustiest elderly martinet who ever huffed and puffed at a beloved granddaughter.

“You sent for me, Grandpapa?”

As expected, the parade-ground roar moderated to an indulgent purr as My Lord Sayre’s aging eyes took in the delectable vision in the doorway. “Come in, come in, Puss! Close the door behind you! I’ve a private and important matter to discuss with you, and don’t wish to be interrupted.”

Big pansy-brown eyes regarded him with a naughty twinkle. “What is this so-important matter, Grandpapa? Has some great nobleman asked you for my hand? Or has that horrid Lady Wegg come tattling to you about my behavior at the ball last evening?”

The craggy eyebrows came down over the sharp old eyes. “Now what have you been up to, naughty Puss? Agatha Wegg has said nothing. Sent her away with a bee in her bonnet last time she came here talebearing! Woman’s a scandalmonger, and so I told her.”

“I knew I could count upon you, Grandpapa! Sound as a nut!” said Belinda, making eloquent play with her big brown eyes.

Her grandfather was not beguiled. “Asked what you’d been up to, Miss,” he repeated, sternly. “No mealymouthed maunderings, if you please! The plain truth with no bark on it.”

Belinda sighed dramatically. “Well, it seems I had inadvertently promised the same dance to three gentlemen—and they got rather angry at one another.” She peeped at the old man from under her long, silky lashes. “They went outside and—ah—engaged in fisticuffs.” Observing the mounting displeasure in the fierce old face, she said quickly, “I do not think many people knew of it. Major Cholmondeley went out after them and—ah—broke it off. Sent them all home. They were all of them officers under his command.”

“Chum ought to keep his young fire-eaters on a tighter rein,” snapped the Earl. “In my day, an officer would never have so far forgotten himself as to start a mill at a private ball.” He snorted. “Three of them? It was a three-way mill?”

“I don’t know,” confessed Belinda. “I was dancing with Lord Everleigh, and didn’t hear of it until later.”

“Everleigh? Don’t wish you to be seen showing complaisance to that ne’er-do-well! Next thing to a gazetted fortune hunger!”

“Is he?” asked Belinda with interest. “He is very entertaining.”

“Bound to be,” grunted her grandfather. “His stock in trade—cozening tricks and wheedles! Depend on it, Puss, he’s after your fortune.”

A small frown marred the delicate smoothness of Belinda’s forehead. At eighteen years of age, and thoroughly enjoying the delights of a most successful First Season, it is not flattering to suspect that some part of one’s success may be attributable to the enormous fortune left by one’s father, killed at Waterloo. Her only memory of the gallant Major the Right Honorable Henry Sayre, Viscount Melville, was of a tall man in an elaborate uniform, who swung his small daughter up into his arms, kissed her, and then gave her to her grandfather with the husky injunction to “Look after the child, sir!”

After the death of first, her mother, and later, her father, the Earl had indeed done his best to look after her, and Belinda, though she often teased him, knew and reciprocated the deep love he felt for her.

“Are they all, Grandpapa? After my fortune, I mean?”

“Of course not, Puss. Think I’d let you mingle with that sort of scaff and raff? Thing is, some such fellows bound to work their way into even the best houses. But none of that matters.”

Belinda looked her bewilderment.

Her grandfather seemed to be encountering some difficulty in explaining his odd statement.

“Cut line, Grandpapa,” Belinda advised with a smile.

“How many times must I tell you, Miss, that such cant is odious upon the lips of a well-brought-up young lady?” he shouted. Then, catching her slanted smile, he grinned reluctantly. “I know! You will say you heard me say it, so of course it must be quite acceptable! Minx! Well, suppose I must tell you. Reason I sent for you. Your—your fiancé is returning to London today. You are to meet him at his sister’s Grand Ball this evening, and your engagement is to be announced at a dinner party here the day after tomorrow.”

He stared at her with would-be fierceness under his shaggy white eyebrows. His granddaughter was looking dazed—as well she might, and her expression gradually became anxious. She moved closer and placed one small hand upon his arm.

“Dearest Grandy,” (a term she had not used since early childhood) “are you sure you are feeling quite the thing? Do let me call your batman! Sit down, dearest, do!”

The old man patted her arm tenderly, his face turning a dull red. “No, no, child, I’m quite fit! Perhaps we should both sit down, and I’ll explain.”

As she seated herself near him, the girl’s anxious look was gradually being replaced by something her grandfather liked even less.

“Now what is this about, sir? Engagement announced? Fiancé? I think you had better open the budget!”

The Earl, feeling more nervous than ever he had upon the eve of battle, touched his forehead lightly with his immaculate handkerchief, cleared his throat, wished for a strong whiskey, and then, aware of the minatory glance being leveled at him by his granddaughter, squared his shoulders and began to speak.

“Y’r father’s best friend, as you may often have heard me say, was the young Duke of Romsdale. Thor Dane and Henry formed a lasting friendship in childhood and, after attending the same schools, joined the army in the same regiment. They married in the same year, and when Thor’s son was born, they decided that, if Henry should have a daughter, she must marry young Osric.” He coughed, and became even redder under the girl’s shocked look. “Had to wait ten years for you to be born, Miss, and many’s the time they almost gave up in despair. Then your dear Mother bore you—and all was well at last!”

He paused and mopped his forehead again.

Belinda was glaring at him. “Gothic! Perfectly gothic! I cannot believe . . . but of course it is just such an addlebrained scheme as two young men, comrades-at-arms, might concoct in the night watches before a battle. But that you, Grandpapa, and the Duke’s father, should have permitted such a mawkish ploy—!”

“Permitted? Thor’s father and I agreed wholeheartedly! Excellent stock on both sides, a balance of property—”

“It seems both the families were fortune-hunting,” said Belinda sharply. “There is little to choose between such mercenary matchmaking and the maneuverings of poor Lord Everleigh!” Another unwelcome thought struck her. “Are you telling me that this Osbert—”

“Osric! Osric!” interjected her harassed grandfather.

“Osric!” the girl pronounced the name with awful scorn. “And where, pray, has this weak-kneed paragon been hiding himself? Couldn’t you bring him up to scratch? I have heard of no Osric Dane in London! Does he bury himself in the country?”

Her grandfather’s bellow of rage cut across her sarcasm. “Enough, Miss! Young Dane has had a distinguished career both in the army and in government, but it has not been in England! He was in Henry’s regiment at Waterloo. It was he who brought back your dear father’s effects to us. His own father having been killed at Salamanca, he had already, at eighteen, assumed his position as Duke of Romsdale. He was seconded to Castlereagh at the Congress of Vienna, and thus began a remarkable career in diplomacy. He’s represented England abroad in a most distinguished way these ten years! And you, Miss, have not heard of him because the set of silly fribbles you go about with during the Season are such lightweights that they take no thought for politics, diplomacy, or our country’s destiny!”

This last insult was more than a spirited female could endure. “ ‘Silly fribbles’? When you’ve practically forced me into the ton, placed me under the chaperonage of Lady Tulliver, induced Lady Freya Goncourt to sponsor me, and insisted upon my accepting every invitation which was delivered to this house—!”

This attack was too formidable and too accurate for the aging nobleman to counter with logic. He resorted to his parade-ground voice. “Silence, Miss! Done my best for the orphaned grandchild left in my care! If I have made mistakes—” he paused, peering under his heavy brows and assuming an expression of sorrowful remorse. His voice softened. “If I have failed—” he sighed with histrionic grief.

“Gammon!” snapped his too-perceptive grandchild. “You’ll catch cold trying that tune with me! You are the most managing, overbearing tyrant it has ever been my misfortune to encounter! Now tell me exactly what is planned for me with this paragon, this young plenipotentiary—probably a pompous, arrogant, stiff-rumped—”

“Belinda!” shouted the Earl, affronted beyond bearing by her use of words he himself had taught her. “You had better mind your tongue, or no man, not even Lord Everleigh, will offer for you!” Then, observing the sudden light of interest on the lovely, expressive little countenance, he added harshly, “Would have hoped that a granddaughter of mine would honor her father’s sacred oath—!”

Belinda, who thought this was hitting below the belt—her grandfather was an addict of fisticuffs, and had described to her many a fine mill he had witnessed—was nevertheless constrained to agree that she could not totally disregard her dead father’s carefully arranged plan for her. She was understood to say that she supposed she would have to meet the creature, at least. “But sir,” she continued, “have we not already accepted the invitation of Lady Freya Goncourt for a ball this evening?”

“Gal’s Osric’s sister,” her grandfather informed her. “Married that French émigré fellow. Widowed.”

“But I like her!” began the girl, annoyed to find herself feeling kindly toward anyone in the haughty Osric’s family.

“Might like him, too, once you meet him,” suggested the Earl. “They tell me he’s a deuced good-looking man. Got the females after him in swarms,” he offered hopefully.

“Indeed?” retorted Belinda icily. “What a charming prospect for the lady unfortunate enough to be his wife! The thought of sharing even such an abundance of male beauty and charm is repugnant to me! Every feeling must be lacerated!” Then, leaving her high flight and descending to her normal style, “I’m damned if I’ll meet him!”

“Belinda!” groaned the Earl, reduced to despair.

After a severe glance, the girl relented a little. “I’ll agree to meet this Nonpareil tonight, but only because I like his sister very much, and because you and my father committed me at least to considering him. But I warn you, he will have to be something quite out of the ordinary before I will accept this gothic arrangement of yours.”

“You are a disrespectful baggage,” snapped her grandfather, then added with a groan, “and I only hope the fellow will make you happy!”

Mollified by his evident concern, Belinda kissed his cheek, and told him he was a wicked schemer, but she forgave him.





Chapter Two



Looking dazzlingly fair in white satin embroidered with tiny golden rosebuds, a wide golden sash clasping her small waist, and a soft frill of lace framing her golden head, Belinda mounted the wide stairway that evening on her grandfather’s arm. At the top, Lady Freya Goncourt greeted her guests with the charm which had made her one of the Season’s first hostesses. She held out both hands to Belinda when it was their turn to be received.

“My dear Belinda, how enchantingly pretty you are looking this evening! And Lord Sayre! How good of you to come! A dreadful squeeze, I am afraid, but then we shall have other times to enjoy a comfortable coze!” and her smiling eyes invited them to share her pleasure at the projected union of the two families.

“Did everyone know of it but me?” muttered Belinda to her grandfather. She was about to move on into the reception rooms when Lady Freya bent toward her.

“I am charged to make Osric’s apologies,” she whispered. “His Majesty sent for him an hour ago to discuss some point of Foreign Office policy. He should be back any moment. It is vexatious,” she added, “but one cannot refuse when royalty requests.”

“I quite understand,” soothed Belinda, but a little frown set itself between her brows. Surely, if this Osric was as deft at diplomacy as Grandpa implied, he could manage one fat, selfish old man, even if he was the King!

She set herself to enjoy the ball, and within five minutes had every dance promised, to her grandfather’s chagrin. However, he said nothing, trusting that His Grace of Romsdale would be clever enough to remedy the situation when he appeared. Belinda seemed to be enjoying herself very much—at least her cheeks were charmingly flushed and her eyes very bright. The Earl wondered wistfully if he might take himself off to the card room for a few relaxing hands of whist, but decided to wait in the ballroom until His Grace had made his entrance.

By the time supper was announced, without the arrival of the guest of honor, whispered comments were being exchanged in corners and on the dance floor. The Earl sought out his granddaughter among the dancers, and then wished he had not. For upon her beautiful little face was an expression he had learned to dread during her childhood—her mulish look, he characterized it with less grace than truth.

Belinda was in fact very angry. She had thought well of herself for coming to meet this Osric halfway. Perhaps he might share her annoyance at the foolish pact their fathers had made; they could laugh a little and set all to rights. Perhaps he might prove to be an interesting man, older and more knowledgeable than the love-smitten youths who formed her court, and they might decide to explore the possibilities offered by the engagement. Certainly he would count himself fortunate to be affianced to the acknowledged Belle of the Season! But none of these resolutions to the problem could be explored until the wretched man presented himself—and he had not done so! As the evening proceeded, Belinda began to catch the faintly malicious murmurings which linked her name with that of the absent guest of honor. The final straw was put in place by Belinda’s archrival, Miss Dulcinia Wegg, whose mamma was the intelligencer whose tongue wagged so frequently at Belinda’s expense. The odious Dulcinia—a black-haired beauty, divinely tall—accosted her rival in front of two of the Season’s prime catches, Milord Lacey and Daughton.

“What is this I hear about an engagement between yourself and dear Freya’s brother?” asked the brunette beauty.

“I am sure I don’t know,” smiled Belinda. “What do you hear? Perhaps you should ask your mamma? She is never at a loss for the latest on dit.”

This shrewd thrust was received with bright-eyed amusement by the two young men, and a tight-lipped smile from Dulcinia.

“I was sure the gossip must be mistaken,” she came back smoothly, “for it seems to me the gentleman is most anxious not to show his face, and since he is the guest of honor, one would say he must have a powerful reason to serve his sister so!”

“Perhaps the poor old fellow was exhausted, and had to take to his bed,” was the best Belinda could come up with. “Older men tire easily, you know. My grandfather dozes off every night after dinner.”

Most fortunately the music struck up at this moment, and Belinda was carried off by Lord Daughton to waltz in the ballroom. The young nobleman, proud of his partner, thought he had never seen the exquisite little creature to better looks. He told her so, and his warm admiration did much to restore her damaged spirits. So much, in fact, that she went to find her grandfather immediately after the dance was ended and informed him that she was suffering from a migraine and wished to return home at once.

The Earl opened his mouth to protest, caught the look on his beloved grandchild’s face, and capitulated at once. Offering her his arm, he led her quietly to the cloakroom, made their excuses to Lady Freya, accepted her anguished apologies courteously, and sent a footman after their carriage. By the time Belinda appeared at the front door in her modish velvet cloak, her grandfather was able to lead her down to their carriage and help her into it.

Their journey home was silent.





Chapter Three



The following morning, after a very restless night, Belinda was unlucky enough to come down to the breakfast parlor just as two callers were arriving at the front door. The butler followed her into the parlor with their names, and Belinda heard with a sinking heart that Miss Dulcinia Wegg and Miss Sylphe Courtney wished to be received by his mistress.

In very pride, Belinda was compelled to receive them. She offered them a cup of coffee with as good a grace as she could muster. Dulcinia’s sharp eyes had already assessed the dark shadows under her rival’s eyes; she was all pretty concern for dear Belinda’s health. That young lady fended off their condolences with poise and was holding her own very nicely until Dulcinia dropped her bombshell.

“Oh, by the way, Belinda, you and your grandfather left too early last night. The dear Duke arrived and put new life into the party! Such a divinely handsome man! So youthful when one considers the honors that have been heaped upon him! The word is that His Majesty is to bestow an additional peerage upon Osric, as I am sure you must have known! But of course we must not speak of it until it is official!”

Oh, must we not? thought Belinda. How did you get into this? But she said nothing, merely smiled as though she had known it all the time.

This deception was not permitted by her determined adversary. The next attack was an oblique one. “Osric has such a droll wit!” she began, laughing lightly. “He had us in stitches! When I told him what you had said about him being exhausted and needing to rest in bed like your grandfather, he was most amused! He said—so wittily!—that to a schoolroom chit, twenty-eight years must seem quite aged; and then he went on to inform us that in Italy, where he has just been stationed to negotiate a most important treaty, the name Belinda means a snake! We all were quite carried away with his droll comments!”

“What were they?” inquired Belinda, as though eager to hear and be amused. “Can you remember any of them?”

“But I just told you—” began Dulcinia, and then stopped speaking to glare at Belinda.

“You thought it was witty to say my name meant a snake? Well, perhaps it was the way he said it,” excused Belinda, neatly taking the wind out of the other girl’s sails.

Very soon after this unsatisfactory encounter, the two visitors left, and Belinda lost no time in going to her grandfather’s bookroom. With red flags of outrage flying in her white face, and great brown eyes hard with humiliation, the girl informed her grandparent what Dulcinia had told her. “And if you think I am going to be seated at our dinner table beside a man who called me a snake in public, you are much mistaken!”

“But the dinner is to announce your engagement!” protested the bewildered Earl. “Everyone’s been asked, and accepted! Even His Majesty was pleased to consent—!”

“You will of course do as you wish,” said this new, cold-eyed young woman. “I would not attend if my life depended on it!”

“Belinda—the girl got it wrong. Perhaps she made it all up. You know what the mother is like! But you are the hostess tomorrow night. It would offer a great insult to His Majesty—to all our guests—if you failed to appear. You can carry it off, child! You must do so—for your own sake! When I announce your engagement, it will give the lie to that little vixen’s spiteful gossip!”

“No,” said Belinda. “This is intolerable! Not even you, Grandpapa, could expect me to endure such an odious situation. To be paraded before this arrogant, complacent, finicking—backbiting lordling as though I were a blood mare he might consider adding to his stable—!”

“Belinda! You go too far with your plain-speaking!” the Earl bristled at her, his brown eyes glaring from under bushy white eyebrows. “All the man said was that your name means a snake in Italian—”

“All! And he said it with a laugh, in front of Dulcinia Wegg and Sylphe Courtney and who knows how many more—and they all laughed! Does it please you to know that your precious Osric made me a joke in public?” The girl glared back at her grandfather with eyes so dark with anger and chagrin that they seemed almost black. “You know the Weggs! The mother will have it all over Town that he called me a snake! I shall be a laughingstock!”

The Earl frowned. “Osric Dane is a diplomat and a friend of our family. It is surely unlike him to speak so. I cannot think what would have caused him to be so indiscreet—if in fact he was.”

Belinda had neglected to mention her own sneer at the Duke’s old age and exhaustion, and she did not repair the omission now. Instead she offered, “He is likely as reluctant for this match as I am. I wager he thinks that if he insults me publicly enough, even you will be willing to cry off!”

The Earl slammed his fist down on the desk, making the papers on it flutter. “That is the second time you have said ‘even you’ in that tone of voice, Miss! It could be that the Duke has heard of your outspokenness, your defiance of restraint! Your success during the Season has spoiled you, child, given you an inflated idea of your consequence. You are my ward, and you will do whatever I decide. Let us hope Dane has not taken a disgust of you from your unmaidenly behavior! However, I expect he will honor his obligation. And I will not allow a hoydenish miss to overset a plan which Dane’s father and yours agreed upon when you were both in your cradles—”

This harsh speech from her normally doting grandparent threw Belinda into a fine temper. The thought that the rude, arrogant Osric would condescend to “honor his obligation” to a hoyden put her into a passion.

“Cradles!” she snapped rudely. “You must be all about in your head, sir! The creature is at least ten years older than I am, and if he was still in his cradle when I was, I wonder at your desiring the connection with such a looby!” Entertained by the picture of the high-in-the-instep nobleman as a ten-year-old in a crib, the girl broke into harsh laughter.

Her grandfather thrust himself out of his chair in a towering rage. “You know he was in school then! By God, Belinda, if you were a boy I’d have you whipped! Is this the way you have been talking in society? If so, it is no wonder he called you a schoolroom chit! He’s a man of proven worth. He was successful at Oxford, a fine and gallant soldier, and one of England’s biggest assets abroad—!”

Another peal of ironic laughter from his recalcitrant grandchild at this rather infelicitous phrase gave him pause. His fierce old eyes took in the ravaged pride in the girl’s countenance, the hurt in the big pansy-brown eyes. Changing his tactics, the Earl said more gently, “It’s not like you, Bel, to prejudge a man. You’ve never met Dane, never spoken to him. How can you rate him so harshly?”

“Don’t try to turn me up soft, Grandpapa! You raised me, and I know your tricks. But you know me, too, and you cannot wish me to sit at table with the man who has made a public mock of me, while all London laughs and whispers that the Duke of Romsdale finds himself compelled to offer for—a snake!”

There was so much real distress in the girl’s lovely face that the Earl’s domineering old heart nearly misgave him. He adored his orphaned granddaughter, knew himself to be quite besotted over the child, but—damn it all!—the girl’s father had designed the match, and it was a splendid one in every way. No ignorant slip of a girl could be permitted to cast aside a secure, honored future on the excuse of a malicious scrap of gossip! Finding himself thus reassured by his own evaluation of the situation, the Earl said in a loud, blustering tone, “Let me hear no more of these missish vaporings, Belinda! You are a female, and too young to know what’s best for you. You will be guided by me, child. You will attend our dinner party tomorrow night, wearing your prettiest dress, and you will conduct yourself in a modest, well-bred manner which will silence the malicious tittle-tattle your behavior of last night has caused. Do you understand me?” and the old martinet glared at her from under his shaggy eyebrows.

“Grandy!” cried the girl with inarticulate appeal.

Softened a little by her obvious distress, the old man went on in a gentler voice, “Depend on it, having missed you last night at his sister’s ball, Dane will wait upon you today. Sure to! With flowers, and some little frippery to win a smile from you—possibly with an explanation, an apology—” His invention failed, but he finished with a firmness Belinda had come to recognize over the years. “Now, child, you will allow yourself to be guided by those who know a good deal more of the world than you can yet do! Choose your loveliest dress for tomorrow night, and prepare yourself to entertain the King, our friends, and your fiancé with your most charming behavior!”

He waved his hand in dismissal, satisfied that he’d set the child straight, and calmed the little tempest in a teapot. As Belinda went quietly from the library, he congratulated himself on his firm control of what might have worked into a most distasteful situation. He would have been considerably less smug had he been able to read the hurt and anger in Belinda’s rebellious heart. Perhaps she had been spoiled by the remarkable success of her first season in the Beau Monde, and the enthusiastic court paid her by a number of dashing young peers, but she was very young and very vulnerable to the kind of sophisticated, sneering irony which had been reported to her this morning. She had made up her mind that the arrogant Duke of Romsdale could entertain himself when he came to dinner at Sayre House tomorrow night.





Chapter Four



Somewhat to the Earl’s chagrin, no flowers arrived for Belinda from the Duke, either that day or the following morning. Even more disturbing, there was neither visit nor message from His Grace. At luncheon the day of the dinner party to announce the engagement, Lady Tulliver was the only one at the table to be in high spirits, chatting on endlessly about the arrangements she had made. Belinda presented herself for the meal looking pale and subdued. To her grandfather’s efforts at conversation she replied with quiet courtesy and none of her usual sparkle. The Duke’s name was not mentioned. Belinda herself said nothing about that evening’s party.

After lunch, trying in vain to get a few minutes’ nap in his bookroom, the Earl wondered if perhaps he should have sent some sort of message to his guest of honor, but consoled himself with the fact that Lady Freya had been all too conscious of the effect upon Belinda of the Duke’s unintended slight, and would bring her brother up to the mark tonight. Anything else was unthinkable—an insult he could not accept, however strong his desire to carry out the expressed wish of his dead son.

That evening, about one hour before the guests were expected to arrive, General the Right Honorable James Henry Darell ffoulkes Sayre, seventh Earl of Sayre and Wendover, marched down the broad central stairway of Sayre House looking every inch the gallant old soldier, shoulders squared, back erect, orders and decorations shining. The first person he saw in the splendid reception area was his butler, Farwell, who made it obvious that he wished to address his master.

“Well, Farwell, what is it?”

“It’s Miss Belinda, My Lord,” uttered Farwell in accents of doom. “Lady Tulliver is quite beside herself—it seems Miss Belinda is not in the house—”

“Not? Then where the devil is the girl?” roared the old martinet.

“I could not say, My Lord.” The old butler knew the signs and offered no provocation.

“Where is Lady Tulliver?”

“In the Gold Salon, My Lord.”

The Earl stormed into the elegant room. Lady Tulliver was indeed there, draped out on a satin sofa, attended by at least three female servants, one of whom was revealed to be Mrs. Munn, the housekeeper. The odor of burnt feathers tainted the air. The Earl’s bellow of rage shocked the two weeping maids into little shrieks of alarm, but Mrs. Munn, long in the Earl’s service, was made of sterner stuff.

“Miss Belinda has left the house, My Lord,” she said crisply, “and Lady Tulliver has swooned.”

The Earl gathered his forces. “How do you know the girl’s gone?” he snapped.

“There was a letter,” the housekeeper informed him.

“By God, there would be!” shouted the Earl. “Where is this—this missive?”

Lady Tulliver, opening one eye, fumbled in her corsage and extended a shaking hand in which she clutched a crumpled sheet of notepaper. The Earl took it and stalked over to the mantelpiece to read it in the light of the numerous candles burning there.





Dear Lady Tulliver (the message read, in Belinda’s unmistakable hand): I am compelled to leave Sayre House before the Dinner Party. My Grandfather knows my reasons. Give him my dearest love. I shall let him know where I am as soon as I can. My apologies for making your numbers uneven at the table tonight.

Belinda





When the Earl raised his head, Mrs. Munn, who knew, after the manner of all good servants everywhere, every detail of the imbroglio, was seized with a sense of pity. The face was ravaged, and the look in the fierce old eyes caused her to avert her own gaze from such naked suffering.

A moan from the supine lady upon the sofa drew everyone’s attention. “Where can she be?” Lady Tulliver cried, weak-voiced. “The King—!”

“Someone must—that is, I must inform His Majesty, of course—but are you sure the child isn’t hiding somewhere, just to—to teach us a lesson?”

Mrs. Munn was embarrassed. She had never seen the Earl in such straits in all the forty years she had served his house. She waited a moment for Lady Tulliver to speak, but when the only sounds from that woman were renewed sobs, Mrs. Munn said calmly, “No, My Lord, she is not hiding anywhere in this house. I sent maids to search as soon as Her Ladyship informed me of the—the problem.” When the Earl was about to speak, she held up one hand, and continued, “I then inquired of the footmen, and learned that Miss Belinda had summoned a hackney coach about three o’clock this afternoon, which took her to the Saracen’s Head Inn, where there is a stagecoach office. Farwell informs me that the second footman, James, who handed Miss Belinda into the coach, overheard her giving the driver her direction. James went immediately to Aldgate High Street to the inn to make inquiries.”

“Damme, that’s good staff-work!” congratulated the Earl, for the first time feeling that all might not be lost. “What was her destination, Mrs. Munn?”

“That, James did not discover, My Lord,” admitted the housekeeper, “since he ran to the inn rather than securing a hackney, and so missed your granddaughter at the posting station. He was subsequently unable to ascertain which stagecoach she had taken.”

At that disappointing moment, Farwell entered the Gold Salon, flinging back the doors with a flourish. “His Grace the Duke of Romsdale; the Lady Freya Goncourt!” then, catching sight of the still-recumbent Lady Tulliver, the old fellow gulped audibly, and said “My Lord!” in a strangled voice.

* * *



His Grace had been feeling unaccountably ill at ease as he accompanied his sister into the somber elegance of Sayre House. The evening to come presented itself to his mind as one fraught with as many challenges and hidden traps as the most ticklish of diplomatic crises. He was buoyed up by the consciousness that his own behavior in this vexatious business—pitchforked as he had been into a connection with a gauche schoolroom miss!—had been, in fact, exemplary. The truth of the matter was that His Grace had been even more courted and spoiled by adulation than had Belinda Sayre. A gallant, dashing, and courageous officer at eighteen; the youngest and most brilliant of Castlereagh’s negotiators at the Congress of Vienna and after, he had gone on to win a firm place in the diplomatic corps of his country. Since he was over six feet tall, golden-haired, and extraordinarily handsome, his diplomatic success was more than matched by his social triumphs in the sophisticated, glittering capitals of Europe. Possessed of a fine old name, an enormous fortune, and natural ability which gave him preeminence in sports, he was widely regarded as a Nonpareil, and had come to have a very high opinion of his own worth.

And now to discover himself pledged to marry a green girl with a pert tongue and no sense of dignity—! It did not bear thinking of! He had refused to consider his sister’s gentle suggestions that a gift of flowers would remove Belinda’s pique at his nonappearance at the ball, and that a visit of courtesy to the girl would change his own opinion. In fact, he had informed Freya arrogantly, if that wily old campaigner hadn’t already wheedled royalty into attending his wretched dinner party, Dane might have managed to get himself out of the whole disastrous business with the exertion of just a little diplomacy.

The King, of course, like all notorious philanderers, was sickeningly sentimental about everyone else’s matrimonial prospects, and had spent quite a third of the time at the ill-timed conference on the night of Freya’s ball in congratulating the Duke on his approaching marriage to a deemed handsome little filly.

“Got all the young bucks panting after her, my boy! She may be a bit hot-at-hand, Osric, and she will need a firm hand on the reins,” with a leer, “which you, from all I can hear, will surely be able to provide!”

Now, entering the impressive portals of Sayre House with Freya, the Duke was in such a recalcitrant mood that he said, quite loudly, as he allowed the butler to take his evening cape and gloves, “Abandon Hope, all ye who enter here!”

Lady Freya, who had been unusually quiet during the drive, did not respond with the laugh he had come to expect when he was pleased to utter a witticism. Instead she frowned and her lips tightened. So it was a rather grim-faced pair who entered on Farwell’s announcement.

It was immediately obvious to them both that all was not well in the Sayre household. Lady Freya moved at once to Lady Tulliver’s side and bent to assist her into the sitting posture she seemed to be attempting to gain. The Duke’s eyes went from the emotionally exhausted older woman to the resplendent figure of his host. One quick glance at his ravaged face was enough to sound the warning to a man of Dane’s nous. The housekeeper took herself and the fluttering maids off at once, and Farwell, thankfully, closed the doors behind them and himself.

“What has happened?” asked the Duke quietly.

“My granddaughter has run away,” said the Earl, tight-voiced.

“The King!” wailed Lady Tulliver.

“There is that,” admitted the Duke, fighting to repress any sign of the intense satisfaction he felt at this eleventh-hour reprieve. “Now we must quickly contrive how we can all get out of this coil the silly chit has involved us in with some measure of credit.”

Lady Freya cast him a quick warning glance, but the damage was done.

“My granddaughter is not a silly chit, My Lord Duke,” the control the old man placed on his voice only served to emphasize his anger and contempt. “She is a sensitive young woman who has run away from a situation which you, sirrah, have rendered insupportable, with your ill-bred mockery and brazen disregard of the obligations of a gentleman.”

It is safe to say that Osric Dane had never been spoken to thus in his whole life. His head flung up, and dark red color showed in his cheeks. How he might have replied to the Earl will never be known, however, since the butler, with a distinctly harassed expression, once more threw open the doors and announced six members of London’s highest circle. The two gentlemen were compelled to present not only an air of complaisance, but a mutual regard which was, at the moment, the farthest thing from their desire. Indeed, observing their punctilious deference to one another, Freya’s lips twitched in the first smile she had wished to give in two days.

The newcomers were of course aware that something very important was the raison d’etre for this dinner, and were, each according to his or her own nature, making coy or prying references to it, when Farwell appeared at the open doors yet gain to announce “His Majesty, the King!”

At once all the ladies present curtsied deeply, and the gentlemen bowed.

“And where,” demanded His Majesty jovially, “is the charming Belinda?”





Chapter Five



The Duke felt the familiar lift of spirit which had always been his response to a challenge. Social disaster loomed over the old soldier beside him and the man’s granddaughter—George IV was notoriously jealous of his dignity and had had to suffer so many slights during his Regency that he was quick to take offense even when none was intended. Almost without a pause after the King’s question, Osric Dane stepped forward with a wide, mischievous smile on his well-cut lips.

“A word in your private ear, Your Majesty,” he said, clearly enough so that all the polite yet avid auditors could hear him.

Majesty, pleasantly titillated, met the Duke’s smile with one of his own. His eyes sparkled in anticipation. “What’s to do, Osric?”

“My intended has—” the Duke paused provocatively, not daring to cast a glance at the rigid old soldier beside him, “—caught the mumps, Sire! We’ve removed her beyond the hazard of infecting you, of course!” He chuckled. “You must forgive the child! She really didn’t mean to do it!”

Caught by surprise, the King began to chuckle, as much at Dane’s expression of humorous dismay as at the information vouchsafed. The guests, relieved by royalty’s amusement, joined the laughter heartily. The astounded Farwell, entering to announce dinner, was first startled and then comforted to observe a scene of universal merriment.

The King, with laughter still shaking his obese body, bent over to whisper a salted comment into Dane’s ear. Then with the beautiful Lady Freya upon his arm, he led the way into the dining room. Farwell had already had the extra place setting removed. The King, well pleased with the elaborate decorations, and well aware of the toothsome and lavish meals prepared by the Earl’s cook, was delighted with his table companions, the two most attractive women in the room. He settled his enormous bulk into a comfortable chair and prepared to enjoy a pleasant evening.

When all the company had been seated, and the footmen began to serve the luscious meal, the Duke cast a quick glance down the table at his host, and encountered so grim a look that he immediately felt his own temper ruffling, and began to wonder if anyone but himself could have snatched success from the jaws of disaster. For certainly the old boy hadn’t had a word to say in response to the King’s catastrophic question!

Feeling very superior, the Duke set himself to charm the King and the other guests, and succeeded so well that, when the ladies withdrew and the gentlemen sipped their brandy, the King was pleased to tell the Earl that he had never had a pleasanter dinner. The royal guest taking his departure half an hour later, the party broke up with enthusiastic congratulations to the Earl and Belinda’s chaperone, Lady Tulliver, on a most enjoyable evening.

When all the guests but Osric Dane and his sister had departed, the Earl said in a grating voice, “Will you join me in my bookroom for a few minutes, My Lord Duke? I believe we have something to discuss.”

The Duke’s smile was icily civil. “I am sure you are right, sir.”

At this point, the Lady Freya surprised everyone by announcing, in a voice as cold as her brother’s, that she believed the discussion should take place in the Gold Salon, with herself in attendance.

“For I shall take leave to inform you, sirs, that I am as deeply involved as either of you in this matter, having acted as Belinda’s sponsor into the ton, and having come to love the girl for her sweetness and merry spirit. I am convinced that neither of you is considering her feelings in the slightest.”

This remark naturally pleased neither of the gentlemen, and sent Lady Tulliver into another of her spasms. Going to the bellpull, Lady Freya summoned Farwell and asked him to send Mrs. Munn to them at once. Then she bent over the weeping Lady Tulliver.

“You must permit Mrs. Munn to help you to your room, ma’am. I am sure your dresser will be able to give you a soothing posset to assist you to sleep. For it has been a—a demanding evening, has it not?”

Lady Tulliver, with a piteous glance at the two iron-faced gentlemen, was understood to agree, and the words “most considerate,” “my wretched nerves,” and “so alarmed for the poor child” were gasped out before Mrs. Munn entered to escort the poor lady from the room. At which point Freya cast a look of dislike at the two fuming gentlemen and said baldly, “Now let us discuss this miserable business without roundaboutation, if you please! You have made a fine mull of it between you, have you not?”

Both gentlemen received this thrust with every evidence of surprise and anger. Freya silenced their protests with a firm, “Be quiet!” which shocked them into silence. Freya turned first to her host. “I must apologize for my brother’s lack of tact in making no effort to heal the breach between himself and your granddaughter. In his defense it might be urged that he had no possible way of avoiding the King’s summons the night of my ball, nor of removing himself from George’s presence before giving leave to go, thus delaying his arrival until after Belinda had left. On the other hand, even granting the extreme provocation she endured from Dulcinia Wegg, it was childish of Belinda to have left the ball in such an obvious huff. You, sir, should have advised her so, and restrained such a show of pique as she presented.”

“Hot-at-hand, was she?” sneered the Duke.

“Could you wonder at it, My Lord Duke, when the whole ballroom was abuzz with speculation as to your reasons for failing to show your front?” snapped the Earl. “And for one who vaunts himself as a past master in resolving difficult situations, you showed neither resource nor, indeed, common courtesy in dealing with Belinda. Likening her to a snake! Calling her a schoolroom chit! Making her a figure of fun in the ton—as you did again tonight!” The fierce eyes glared at the younger man from under beetling eyebrows.

“Have you finished?” the Duke said between closed teeth.

“He may have done so—I have not,” said Dane’s sister. “Permit me to tell you that, while there are excuses for the General’s folly, there are none for yours. I find your conduct reprehensible. After all, as we are so frequently reminded, your forte is diplomacy. A sixteen-year-old boy could have handled events more smoothly than you have done this past three days!”

At his glare of outrage, his sister began to enumerate coldly. “First, the night of my ball. You could surely, with all your nous and skill, have maneuvered that fat old fribble to release you early for my party! I suggest that you were taking out your own ill-humor upon your hostess and upon the unwelcome bride chosen for you.”

Both men presented faces of horrified alarm at such unforgivable plain-speaking.

“Oh, let us have the gloves off,” said Freya, wearily. “You owe it to a girl who has been so hurt she is fleeing from the only security she knows!”

“I must inform you, My Lady, that not only will I not insist upon the match, I will actively oppose it. My son must have been out of his mind when he wished for the connection!” snapped the Earl.

Before the affronted Duke could get his breath to reply to this insult, Freya had rattled in again. “Second,” she continued the attack upon her brother, “your smug complacence was so great that you made no effort to heal the hurt your ill-advised comments had dealt a young woman who might have expected at least common civility from her future husband! Did you call to offer your apologies? Did you send flowers or even a charming gift? No, you allowed pique or arrogance to dictate your actions. If this is the way you have behaved in the capitals of Europe, I cannot understand your reputation as a Nonpareil.”

“I shall not listen to this fishwife’s harangue!” the Duke ground out. “Lord James, I bid you good-night! Freya, do you accompany me, or may I send back the carriage for you?”

“I shall come with you, brother,” said Freya. “My Lord, I pray you will permit me to call tomorrow to learn if you have had word from Belinda!”

“Good-night, Lady Freya,” said the Earl in a voice from which all human warmth had departed.

With one lingering, anxious glance, the woman hurried after her brother. When he heard the outer door close behind them, the Earl strode over to the mantel and leaned his head upon his clasped hands on the cold marble. He stayed in that position for a long time.

* * *



The brother and sister sat silently in the luxurious coach which carried them to the Lady Freya’s house. Her brother, seething with fury at the attacks he had been subjected to, could not trust himself to speak. Freya was silent through fatigue and worry over the whereabouts of Belinda. Arriving at home, they dismounted and went in through the doors the butler was holding open for them. Freya halted in the hallway.

“Will you have a drink? Coffee?”

The Duke did not pause on his way to the great staircase. “Nothing, thank you,” he said coldly.

“But we have to talk—to decide what to do about Belinda,” protested Freya.

“I shall do nothing about her. You, of course, will act as you wish.” He paused at the foot of the stairs, the light of many candles making his hair shine like new-minted gold. “I shall be leaving quite early in the morning. So this will be good-bye as well as goodnight.”

If he thought to bring her remorsefully to a sense of her own shortcomings, the Duke failed in his purpose. His sister straightened and glared at his handsome, irascible countenance.

“I have never been so little in charity with you as this minute, brother! Go, then! Run away like a petulant child from the mischief you’ve made! But if anything happens to that girl because of you—!”

“It will not be my fault if an ill-behaved hoyden gets herself into a scrape!” snapped His Grace, furiously. Then, turning, he ran lightly up the stairs.





Chapter Six



Osric Dane rode his stallion, Ben, away from his widowed sister’s elegant London mansion very early the following morning. During a sleepless night he had penned a formal apology to the Earl for anything he might have said the previous evening which could have offended the old martinet. Couched in diplomatic language, it was calculated to soothe any but the most savage beast. He did not, however, so far abandon cautious self-interest as to make any promise of reparation, or seek an appointment to discuss any future development of the arranged marriage. In fact, it was His Grace’s devout hope that the Earl would have had such a bellyful of that arrangement that he would wish never to hear mention of it again . . . thus allowing My Lord Duke to escape the trap in which he had so nearly been caught.

Himself a high stickler, Dane was aware that his conduct, while successful in preventing an open scandal, could perhaps have exposed the Earl’s grandchild to the spiteful laughter of the ill-disposed. With a sardonic smile he recalled the pretty Wegg girl and her gawky friend hanging on his lips at Freya’s ball when he took out his annoyance at the snare in which his father had ridiculously entangled him. He shook his head. Conduct not up to your usual standards, my boy! he chided himself. To speak disparagingly of any lady in public—what had he been thinking of? And then at the Earl’s dinner party, had it been annoyance or relief he had felt on learning that the chit had run away rather than meet him? Although he still felt some resentment at the Earl’s hostile reception of his efforts, he was coming to realize that his exercise in lightning diplomacy might have been considered to lack sensitivity and compassion

It was so rarely that My Lord Duke experienced remorse over his own actions that he did not recognize the emotion, but as he left London behind him and directed Ben into the sweet-smelling countryside, he acknowledged an uncomfortable feeling. This discomfort fanned his anger against the chit who had precipitated the whole imbroglio. Since he had left his sister’s home without requiring breakfast from her servants, he found the pangs of hunger exacerbating his ill-humor. By the time he decided to stop for a luncheon at a small inn, he was in a fury at the Earl, Freya, George IV, his own valet, his groom—both of the latter were actually blameless, since he had failed to notify them of his abrupt departure—and, above all, at Miss Belinda Sayre, the source and cause of all his discomfort.

His anger was not assuaged by the wretched service and deplorable cuisine at the hostelry of his choice. Over a greasy stew of unrecognizable meat and revolting vegetables, My Lord Duke felt his resolve hardening. This Belinda must be brought to a full acceptance of her own shortcomings in forcing a situation wherein a blameless, much put-upon gentleman was compelled to flee from the amenities of London and the company of his peers, rusticated like a naughty child in surroundings which offered him nothing but disgust. Rising abruptly from the dirty table, he summoned the host by the simple action of pounding upon the floor—also dirty—with the chair upon which he had been sitting.

The landlord came bustling in belligerently, but was soon reduced to a sense of his own inadequacies and those of his inn.

“Is Sayre Court in this vicinity?” snapped the Duke. Now why the devil did I ask that? he wondered.

The landlord was compelled to admit a complete lack of knowledge of the residences of Peers of the Realm, local or otherwise, but offered to bring the angry gentleman another mug of beer. This was an unfortunate move, since it precipitated a deluge of criticism. Much chastened by this scathing denunciation of his house, his menu, his intelligence, and especially his beer, the wretched man finally managed to insert a word into the masterly flow of invective, and to suggest that his honor might wish to talk to Parson, who was a right knowledgeable old party, able to put any gentleman right.

This suggestion being received with revulsion, for a reason the landlord had no way of knowing, the fellow offered another. The stage from London stopped at Willowhill, a mere five miles up the road, and its driver would surely be able to tell him whether or not the residence he sought was on this particular highroad.

Not completely satisfied, but feeling a stagecoach driver to be preferable to a Parson at this juncture in his affairs, the Duke remounted his horse and set off briskly along the highroad, to the relief of the innkeeper.

In Willowhill, Dane struck it lucky. There were three inns, all of them a great many cuts above the miserable den in which he had had his stomach insulted earlier. He was able to get a glass of choice brandy, probably smuggled, and being somewhat mellowed by the glow it induced, His Grace fell into conversation with a pleasant-faced, well-dressed man who was also playing off his dust. Upon inquiry, this gentleman admitted to a fair knowledge of the great houses in the county, and was able to announce that the Earl of Sayre’s principal seat was not located anywhere in the neighborhood, but he rather thought he had heard of a Sayre Court belonging to the Earl in Devonshire.

This matter disposed of, the gentleman introduced himself as Eugene Newell, baronet, and My Lord Duke felt compelled to announce himself, for no reason he could immediately identify, as Peregrine Random.

“Ah!” his companion nodded with commiseration, quite mistaking the look of embarrassment on the other man’s features. “M’cousin’s in the same boat. Mother a romantic. Named the boy Parsifal Galahad. Father died before he was born, or she wouldn’t have gotten away with it. Minute he came of age, poor devil bought his colors and hasn’t been home since. Believe he managed to conceal his given names when enlisting. Told ’em his initials stood for Peter George. His Colonel knows, but respects the lad’s privacy.”

Dane shared his laughter, but with only a part of his attention. The other part was belatedly considering his conduct of the morning. To rush off in a huff from Freya’s house was, he felt, so unlike his usual style that it merited a close scrutiny. And why the deuce was he inquiring about the country residence of the Earl? It came upon him like a thunderbolt that he had, somewhere in his mind, taken it upon himself to seek out the maddening little chit who had so threatened his comfortable image of himself, and make sure she was safely bestowed. He frowned thunderously.

His new-met companion was regarding him with some alarm. “I say, Random, no offense meant, you know! Peregrine is not such a bad name, after all! Only think if you had been called Parsifal Galahad—or Ulysses Gamaliel—or, uh, Waiting-for-the-Light—!”

A reluctant grin broke over Dane’s face. “You made that one up!”

“On my word, fact! Good friend of my father’s is a Quaker. Called his son that. Everyone’s shortened it to Wait. Boy doesn’t seem to mind.”

On the strength of shared laughter, the two young gentlemen had a second brandy, and then the Duke, feeling much restored, took leave of his companion amid mutual expressions of goodwill.

The rest of the day passed swiftly, and the Duke was able to rack up at a tolerable inn that evening. For some reason, his spirits were much lighter as he set out, well rested and well fed, the following morning. He decided that the source of his improved temper was his conviction that the chit would surely have retired to her grandfather’s principal seat when she wished to avoid having to face the laughter of the ton. Where else indeed would she go? A child of eighteen, with no skills fitting her for employment, and probably no wish to bestir herself over anything but her coiffure and her wardrobe, would seek the secure haven of her childhood home.

Having settled this to his satisfaction, and being much impressed by his own patience, forgiving nature, and generosity in seeking the girl out, the Duke was suddenly struck by a disagreeable thought. When he found her, what would he do with her? He debated this question in his mind for a long time, keeping Ben at a fast lope, and was only recalled to a sense of his surroundings by the increasingly restive behavior of his battle-trained mount. He focused his gaze and scanned the terrain. Just a little ahead of him, the Duke perceived a line of gypsy caravans, with a mounted escort of colorfully dressed riders. One at least of these latter had become aware of the Duke’s headlong approach, for he had dropped back a little and was waiting by the roadside, facing the advancing horseman. His Grace, while not particularly nervous, was reassured to know he had a loaded pistol in its holster on his saddle, as well as a couple of other weapons less obviously displayed.

“Give you good-day, sir!” said the big gypsy, with a wide but not particularly mirthful smile.

“Good-day to you, sir,” responded the Duke, his own smile easy and open. “That’s a fine animal you’re riding.”

A frown tightened the other’s black brows.

On seeing it, the Duke laughed with real amusement. “No, I am not challenging your ownership of the beast. I do not ask embarrassing questions—nor do I answer any.”

The scowl faded into rather a grim smile as the gypsy scrutinized the Duke’s stallion. Then the black gaze moved over the well-tailored riding coat, the strong muscular body, and the arrogant face of the solitary rider. “You’re not saying you’ve no right to the horse you ride?”

“Oh, Ben’s mine. But it happens I’ve no wish to be explaining why I’m riding him on this particular road, nor where I am bound.”

The gypsy smiled broadly. “You would have me believe you are leaving London for reasons more urgent than to escape your creditors? Did her husband come home too soon? Or are you running shy of a duel?” The bright black eyes mocked him.

“You’ve a deuced sharp tongue in your head,” said the Duke, no whit disconcerted by these jibes at his morals and his courage. “And from the sound of you, a gently trained one.”

“Oh, aye, A’m eddicated,” answered the gypsy in broad mimicry of a rustic lout.

“Can you present me to your chieftain?” asked the Duke, a sudden plan flashing into his mind.

The gypsy bowed, and one darkly tanned hand touched his chest. “You are addressing him, sir.”

Dane took a long, assessing look at the gypsy. The man was, if anything, taller than himself, and possessed a brutal face and a strong, heavily muscled body. He was wearing a silky black shirt over a pair of buckskins, and his well-made riding boots had been recently polished. The horse he rode was a great savage beast and looked every whit as dangerous as its master.

“My name is Random,” offered the Duke.

“I am Anton, called The Whip,” answered the other, grinning slightly and touching the braided leather handle of a heavy whip which hung from his belt, its thong efficiently coiled for instant action.

Dane smiled, elevating one eyebrow. “ ‘The Whip ’?”

Almost before his eye could catch the motion, the gypsy had the stock in his hand and had sent the iron-tipped lash curling out to flick the top button from Dane’s riding coat. So swift was the action that Ben had not time to rear or shy before the lash was back in The Whip’s hand and he was coiling it neatly, his eyes never having left the Duke’s face.

Dane had not flinched. He admitted wryly that he hadn’t had time—the attack had been lightning fast and completely unexpected. “I’ll never make that mistake again,” he said. “You have me positively quaking in my boots!” and he laughed with genuine admiration.

The gypsy studied him. “So you say. Yet you do not appear to be afraid. Perhaps you are not the soft townsman that you look?”

“Oh, I’m as soft as any other man,” Dane answered. “If you had aimed at my face rather than at my coat button, I’d be sporting a fine scar as a memento of our meeting.”

The gypsy seemed unsatisfied. “And what would I be sporting?” His dark eyes flicked at the holstered pistol on Ben’s saddle. “Are you a sharp at the pops?”

But the Duke was not giving his full attention to Anton. He had caught a sound almost below hearing level coming from behind him. The gypsy’s eyes did not move from his face, but there was an awareness in their expression. The Duke had not been one of Wellington’s hell-born babes for nothing. He touched Ben with an almost imperceptible gesture. The great stallion leaped from its standing position toward The Whip, bringing Dane’s body so close to the gypsy’s right arm that he could not lift his whip. At the same moment a small black pistol appeared in Dane’s hand and was thrust against the gypsy’s throat.

“Why, sir, if that bravo of yours who is lumbering up behind me comes one single step closer, my hand might shake so hard with fear that I would blow your head off—quite by accident, of course! I would regret it very much!”

He waited, entirely relaxed and at his ease, his big hand rock-steady, the small deadly weapon pressing lightly against the gypsy’s neck. Ben, well trained as his master, stood like the very statue of a horse.

A grin of reluctant respect appeared on The Whip’s face. “My men would make you regret it, be sure of that! But I’d be too dead to enjoy your pain,” he said softly. Then raising his voice slightly, “Enough, Pablo! Quebracho—all of you—easy! This hidalgo has proved himself a match for a Rom, at least today!” Then, staring at the Duke, he demanded, “What would you with my people, Gorgio?”

“I would ride with you, and share your fire,” said Dane, slipping the small pistol into its pocket in the turned-back cuff of his riding coat.

“To what purpose?” the gypsy leader persisted. “My folk have enough trouble from you English without sheltering some renegade and finding ourselves inside one of your stinking jails.”

“I will guarantee that that will not happen,” said the Duke quietly. “I might even help a little with the foraging—you do live off the country in the main, do you not?”

“You were a soldier?” The Whip asked, ignoring the Duke’s question. His glance took in the other man’s sober elegance.

“In the Peninsula,” the Duke confirmed his guess. “Where I judge your people have also spent some time? When you called me hidalgo, your accent was pure Castilian.”

In spite of himself Anton’s cheeks reddened slightly with pleasure. “We are Gitano,” he said shortly. “But the Romany chal is never anchored to one spot. The wide world is his demesne!”

There was a mutter of approval from the men who rode near them.

The Duke met Anton’s hard, bold glance. “It suits me to ride down into Devon for a few days, perhaps longer, but I’ve no wish to trumpet my presence. I would give you my parole that your band will come to no harm through letting me accompany you, but I’m damned sure you and your Roms are able to handle anything the stupid Gorgios could try against you!”

There was a chorus of pleased laughter from the gypsies, who now drew their horses in close order around the two men. The Duke showed no sign of discomfort, but when one youthful Rom deliberately let his horse jostle the stranger, His Grace gave Ben the office, and the great stallion reared and leaped backward, almost unseating the presumptuous youth. This defensive maneuver occasioned a good deal of mirth, and the boy, eyeing Ben and his rider warily, met the Duke’s innocent smile with reluctant admiration.

The Whip led the way smartly now, riding past the five large, brightly painted caravans drawn by magnificent draft horses. The Duke did not try to converse at the faster pace The Whip had set. He noted, however, that the gypsy horsemen now formed an effective guard around the wagons. Dane, well aware of the jealous regard in which Spaniards held their womenfolk, did not permit himself to stare at the girls who were driving most of the vans, only observing that they handled the reins with skill, and that they were brightly dressed and well pleased with themselves and their activity. It seemed a happy and well-found band, and the Duke glanced at its leader with respect. He found Anton’s black gaze full upon him.

“You are to be congratulated upon your providence, Anton,” he said sincerely. “Your tribe is in excellent condition.”

The Whip shrugged this aside. “Where exactly do you go?” he asked.

“Into Devon. I’ll find my way from there.”

“We go on to Cornwall,” vouchsafed Anton. “I have connections there. They are Gorgio, but they do not scorn their Romany kin.”

“Why should they, indeed?” the Duke said. “I’ll wager you can trace ancestry back to India. You are a proud people.”

“True.” The Whip rode on in a brooding silence. Then abruptly he called for one of his men and galloped ahead of the caravans. The Duke thought it politic not to try to accompany him. Instead he maintained a steady canter. Within a few minutes he was joined by the gray-haired gypsy he had heard addressed as Quebracho. This oldster wore a black velvet coat of a cut not seen in England, and a black, flat-crowned hat with a wide brim. The Duke thought the costume had a most comfortable look, the hat especially being capable of deflecting the sun’s rays from the eyes of a horseman. For a few moments the two men exchanged such desultory comments as are possible between men riding on horseback. Then His Grace had an idea. He had already made the sudden decision to accompany the tribe to Devon, so that his arrival in the Earl’s home district would not be instantly observed and widely reported. After the unpleasantness of his late encounter with the Sayre family, he was far from eager to have the Earl learn that he had so quickly sought out his reluctant fiancée. But who would expect the Duke of Romsdale to be consorting with a gaggle of gypsies? Now he realized that he would be even less conspicuous if he were dressed like his traveling companions.

“Where could I purchase such a coat and hat as you are wearing, sir?” he asked. “They are handsome and suitable for travel.”

The old man appeared pleased at the comment. “I am my nephew’s—what you would call—quartermaster,” he said with a smile. “In my van I have such garments as our men might need on a long journey. I shall be happy to let you make a choice.” The keen old eyes scanned His Grace’s wide shoulders and well-muscled frame.

“A hat like yours, especially, senor,” the Duke urged with a smile.

“Why do you seek to become like us, I wonder?” the old fellow grinned. “Is it that you are tired of being a Gorgio and would seek to be a Romany Rye?”

The Duke gave his charming smile. “I’ve already figured that a Gorgio is an Englishman—”

“It is any man who is not Rom,” corrected the oldster.

“—but what, pray, is a Romany Rye?” continued the Duke, smiling.

“That is a man who wishes to ride with us, speak our language, share our life,” defined Quebracho.

“Are there many such?”

“A good few. And some of them we accept. Fewer women seek to follow the gypsy patteran, but there are some. The Whip’s mother was one such. A self-willed daughter of good Gorgio family, who saw his father at a festival in Cornwall, where our Romany chals displayed their horsemanship. She left her home that night and came with us. I do not believe she ever regretted it. She taught her son all that she herself knew, and he learned well.” The old man hesitated. “He is a very dangerous man, Rye. Do not underestimate him.”

The Duke nodded sober agreement. “Believe me, I shall not, Quebracho! I have no plan which threatens anything the tribe possesses, only a very pressing need to go down into Devon without being recognized. Still, I thank you for the warning.”

“If you have no secret plan, you have nothing to fear,” said Quebracho quietly.

Dane felt uncomfortable as he considered his mission to survey the elusive Belinda Sayre. If the old gypsy noted his embarrassment, he did not comment.

Dane decided it was time to change the subject. “Does your name have a meaning, like The Whip’s?”

Quebracho chuckled. “Verdad! It means axe-breaker. I am such a tough Rom that they would say the axe blade would shatter on my hide! My given name, Alphonso, has almost been forgotten.” He motioned to one of the larger vans being driven by a young man. “Come to my storehouse and let me get a hat for you, senor, for we ride into the westering sun.”

By dusk, when The Whip gave the signal to make camp for the night, the Duke was more than ready to dismount and ease the ache in his muscles. He was impatient with himself, watching the lithe agility of the gypsy men as they dismounted, set the wagons in a semicircle, and led all the horses to a picket line. The Duke joined them, unsaddling Ben and rubbing him down. The old skills came back to him, in spite of the recent years during which he had unthinkingly turned his mounts over to his grooms. When he finally led Ben to the line and looked about him for fodder, he found Bracho at his shoulder, holding out a leathern feed bag full of grain. Gratefully the Duke strapped it over Ben’s head.

“My thanks, Quebracho,” he said softly. “When I settle with you for the clothing I hope to buy, I shall also contribute to the cost of feeding Ben and myself.”

Bracho shrugged. “I did not doubt it. Now come to the fire and rest until food is ready. I promise you will enjoy it.”

The Duke did indeed enjoy the spicy stew which was served to him as he joined the group of men around the fire. The Whip had chosen a clearing in a small wood near the highway as the night’s campground, and the Duke, an old campaigner, was unable to fault him. The wood hid the encampment from the road, and the fire, although bright enough to provide light and some warmth, was well screened by the caravans as well as by trees and underbrush, and would not be noticed by a casual scrutiny from the highroad.

Lying back against his saddle with a satisfied groan, the Duke looked around him with pleasure. This was a good life, he decided. It had all the challenge and interest of a campaign without the inevitable death and suffering of war. The gypsies appeared to be a happy company—there was laughter, some horseplay among the younger men, and considerable good-natured jesting between the men and the women.

These latter were a strong, handsome group, carrying their heads proudly, dressed in gowns which accentuated their graceful bodies. Dark eyes shone and sparkled; red lips pouted and smiled. Careful, he warned himself. Let these fighting cocks think you are encroaching, and they’ll have you drawn and quartered before you can say “pax”—or should it be “paz”?

At his shoulder he heard Bracho’s voice. “If you will come with me, I’ll fit you out in a costume which will help you to look like one of us—if you’ll cover that guinea-gold hair!”

“Gracias,” said the Duke. “I’ll take one kerchief for my head. I see you wear one under your hat. It’s a dashing style.” The Duke got quickly to his feet and followed the old man to the largest of the wagons. After a very satisfactory ten minutes spent in making his choices from the garments Quebracho produced for his approval, he took out his heavy purse and insisted upon paying for the clothing.

“Do you wish a blanket, senor?”

“No, thank you. I’ll just roll up in my coat and sleep by the fire. I often did so in the war. Good-night.”

The old man shook his head. “You have much to learn of our ways, Gorgio. You should have bargained with me, not given me my first asking price! Ah, well! I did not charge you for the head scarf.”

Chuckling, the Duke approached the fire. It was burning low. Someone was strumming gently on a guitar, and a pleasant baritone was softly crooning a love song. Light shone warmly through the curtained small windows of the caravans. It was a soothing lull after the stress and embarrassment of his experience in London. His Grace was pleased to commend his wisdom in taking matters into his own hands to settle the question of his arranged marriage. A few days in the country, wooing the little minx out of her sulks, then a triumphant return to the Metropolis with the girl gentled and adoring, malleable to his wishes. Or, if she proved to be quite unacceptable, it would surely be easy to discourage her to the point where she would gladly agree to end the archaic arrangement. He removed his boots, and, wrapping his coat around him, stretched out for the night with his head on his saddle.





Chapter Seven



When the Honorable Belinda Sayre took a hired carriage to the Saracen’s Head Inn to catch any kind of west-traveling coach, which would get her away from the searing humiliation of the past three days, she had to mind no more daring escapade than a flight to her real home, the Earl’s estate in Devonshire. She had no wish to cause her grandfather worry. Of course he would know where she had gone and would seek her out in a few days when his temper had cooled a little. He would still be very angry, and there would be a scene, perhaps several, but eventually Grandy would accept the fact that this arranged marriage was an affront to himself as well as to her, since that man so obviously did not wish to join himself to the Earl’s family. So she set her dainty jaw and kept tears from her eyes with a real effort, and occupied her mind sensibly during the trip with what story she would offer the staff at Sayre Court—all old friends, allies—and critics.

It then occurred to her, with a pang of fear, that the Earl might not be the only angry visitor to the Court. What if the Duke decided he did wish to marry her? Or, more likely, that he must honor his father’s commitment, whatever his own feelings in the matter? A lowering thought! As the much-indulged only grandchild of the Earl of Sayre, Belinda had never known humiliation until now. Must she be wedded, willy-nilly, to the arrogant nobleman? The girl set her teeth in a gesture of rebellion, and glared, narrow-eyed, at a young farmer seated across from her in the stagecoach. Her fulminating look caused the poor fellow to wonder what he had said or done to make the beautiful young lady glower at him in that crabbed way.

Belinda, who was quite unaware of his presence, was mentally running over all the devastating things she would say to the Duke if he dared to show his front at Sayre Court. She finally tired of this bootless exercise and when the coach stopped at a posting house to change horses, got down to partake of a hasty meal. The young farmer descended thankfully, and the married couple who shared the seat with Belinda, having reached their destination, got off also. However, an elderly priest, an earthy-smelling farmer, his buxom wife and three daughters got on in their places, which so crowded the coach that Belinda began to wish devoutly that she had planned to spend the nights at inns rather than going straight through to Sayre Village. The excitements of the day finally caught up with her and she fell asleep, so firmly wedged between the side of the coach and one of the stout daughters that the jolting progress of the vehicle became a cradle-rock.

Although shorter in actual hours than the Earl’s usual leisurely progress to and from his estate, Belinda’s unbroken journey home to Sayre Court seemed to the girl to stretch to nightmare lengths of discomfort, and it was with heartfelt relief that she began finally to discern familiar landmarks. When she dismounted from the coach at Sayre Village, she did not wait for her small handcase to be thrown off into the road, but ran directly into the Climbing Man Inn to greet Mrs. Appledore, the landlord’s wife, and demand a gig to take her at once to Sayre Court. While Appledore himself hurried out to retrieve her case, his wife insisted on making the girl a cup of tea while Ned harnessed the gig to drive Miss Belinda home. There was such a welcoming warmth and bustle that the girl cried a little, causing the landlord’s good lady to mutter darkly about the folly of sending young lambs to the cruel City.

This enthusiastic reception was tame compared to the welcome Belinda received at Sayre Court. Most of the servants had been there longer than Belinda. They remembered with often embarrassing devotion her earliest remarks, actions, and occasional tantrums. In no time at all the girl was installed as safely as though she had never left home five months earlier for the London Season. From answers Belinda made to the probing inquiries of her old nurse, it swiftly became common knowledge that Miss Bel was fleeing from a Man, and moreover, a Man the Earl had insisted that she marry! The youngest footman, who was a mere forty summers, was heard to say that he’d personally black the Blade’s eye for him, if he came prowling about the Court. Mrs. Mayo, the stout and dignified housekeeper, was heard to threaten the Monster with a dire fate, not specified, if he so much as laid hand on Missy. It remained for Dittisham, the Earl’s butler, to express the sentiments of the whole staff.

“If,” uttered Mr. Dittisham, in intimidating accents, “any Town Beau or Loose-screw comes ogling and leering after Miss Bel, I shall know what to do!”

This was felt to be a most satisfactory resolution, and the staff awaited the next development in the drama with avid interest.

Belinda only knew that the comforting ranks of her champions had closed loyally about her, leaving her free to take thought of what her own attitude should be. Exhausted by the rigors of her flight, she had convinced herself that her tormentor would pursue her to her sanctuary and seek by force to ravish her away from her devoted partisans. But after a good night’s rest amid familiar surroundings, reassured by the lavish affection of her besotted staff, her natural high spirits began to reassert themselves, and she devised a Plan. It would surely be good enough to deceive such a pompous, conventional creature as the Duke must be, she told herself. Summoning Dittisham and Mrs. Mayo to her, and sending a groom for Appledore, she laid her scheme before them.

“You are all to say, if you please, that Miss Belinda Sayre has not come home, and that you do not know where she may be, if she is not in London. You must manage to look anxious about me if His Grace becomes too pressing or seems to doubt your word. But I am sure he will be vastly relieved to know that I am not here, and will return to London poste-haste!”’

Dittisham did not seem convinced by this lighthearted assumption. In his experience, Town Beaux who pursued innocent maidens to their lonely country estates were not so easily fobbed off.

Mrs. Mayo expressed doubts of a different kind. “The villagers’ll see you about, Miss Bel, unless you’ve a mind to keep within doors by day and night. And that Man would have only to ask—”

“No, no, for Appledore shall tell them all what our story is to be,” said Belinda lightly. “They’ll back me up.”

Mrs. Mayo was not convinced. “There’s a couple of old biddies in the village who’d jump at the chance to gossip to a fine gentleman,” she said grimly.

Belinda was struck by another idea. “I have it! You shall all say that there’s only one of the Sayre’s poor relations staying here—Miss Belinda’s cousin-german at the fourth remove!” She twinkled impishly

“And what is the name of this removed cousin, if I may be so bold as to inquire?” asked Mrs. Mayo repressively.

“Why—Prudence Oliphant!” Belinda recalled the name of an old retainer who had lingered on at the Court in Belinda’s childhood. “Be sure everyone tells him that Cousin Prudence has no money and no expectations. A sort of unpaid drudge.”

Mrs. Mayo looked scandalized. “Your grandfather wouldn’t allow anything like that at Sayre Court, Miss Bel! Most generous he was with Miss Oliphant, your blessed mamma’s former governess, and not a cousin French or German! As for your cousin Anabel—twenty years he kept her here, with every observance and attention! Unpaid drudge, indeed!”

Belinda chuckled. “But how the deuce is His Grace to know what my grandfather allows? He can hardly be aware that any of us are alive, except myself, and he’s never set eyes on me! He has spent ten years racketing about the Continent, where God knows what strange customs prevail! I’m sure you’ll be able to put the confounded fellow off,” she finished encouragingly, ignoring Mrs. Mayo’s scandalized face at her language, so close an echo of the Earl’s. To herself Belinda added, Pray Heaven he doesn’t accompany Grandy down here! But from all she knew of her grandfather, his ride and his temper, she could not visualize him offering to share a coach with the arrogant, insulting, contemptuous Duke of Romsdale.





Chapter Eight



My Lord Duke was having an unexpectedly good time on the road. After the years of formal, restricted behavior in the diplomatic circles of the capitals of Europe, this casual journey through the springtime freshness of the English countryside was a delightful escape to the carefree youth he had never really known. He enjoyed the cheerful banter of the gypsies while not for a moment deluding himself that they had truly accepted him as one of themselves. He rode with them on sufferance, although Bracho seemed almost to have adopted him as an apprentice into the ways of the tribe. The old man taught him to read the patteran—the signs which one gypsy or a tribe leaves to show others of their kind where they have gone. Dane’s years as a soldier stood him in good stead during the ride, since he was nearly as skilled as the gypsies in snaring a rabbit, shooting birds on the wing, or requisitioning fruit and vegetables from a farm without the farmer’s knowledge or consent.

The Duke’s well-practiced charm made him persona grata to the women of the tribe as well, but he was scrupulously careful never to overstep the mark beneath the dark, enigmatic gaze of the gypsy men. His manner, friendly yet aloof, seemed to pique the gypsies, and they kept testing him in unexpected ways.

“You puzzle my people,” Bracho told the Duke one morning as they were standing side by side, saddling their horses for the day’s ride.

The Duke raised an eyebrow.

Bracho grinned. “Yes, they don’t know quite what to make of you. You pay our women the tribute of your admiration, yet you refrain from making advances which our men might resent.”

Dane strapped his bag behind Ben’s saddle. “I have had a little training in self-restraint,” he acknowledged.

Bracho shook an admiring head. “Perhaps I should warn you . . .” he began, when there was an interruption. A tall, slender woman, her dark hair caught under a brilliant red silk kerchief, her shapely body flaunting a gaily patterned full skirt and tight blouse, strolled over to the horse line. She was carrying a saddle and harness. With a careless nod and smile at the two men, she began to saddle a beautiful mare. Almost without conscious thought Dane moved over beside her.

“May I do that for you, Rauni?”

The beautiful face turned toward the Duke, and the huge dark eyes regarded him challengingly. Then the girl nodded once, and stood back.

The Duke saddled the mare, testing the girth before he led the animal to her. He held out his cupped hands to assist her to mount, but she sprang up into the stirrup lightly without assistance. As she rode off she favored the Duke with a provocative smile.

Bracho was shaking his head ruefully, “Never say I didn’t warn you,” he grinned.

The Duke stared at the brown, wrinkled face. “About that lady?”

“She is The Whip’s chosen,” Bracho informed him. “Only she is a stubborn piece, and very conscious of her worth. She will not give him the answer he wants. None of our young men dare to court her, knowing the chief has his eye on her. Like all women, Lara wants to trouble the waters.”

“Thank you for the warning,” Dane said seriously.

The old man merely shrugged and smiled.

The Duke was riding with the rear guard behind the caravans that afternoon when The Whip dropped back and took his place beside him. “Lara tells me you saddled her mare for her this morning,” the chief began.

“As I would do for any lady,” agreed Dane quietly.

Anton considered that, his dark, flat gaze holding the Duke’s eyes. At length he nodded once, sharply. “She is to be my woman,” he said arrogantly, “When I am ready.”

“You are to be congratulated,” said the Duke.

Nothing more was said, but the Duke had an uneasy sense that The Whip’s eyes were often on him, and that several of the other Romany chals kept him under unobtrusive surveillance. Instead of making him angry at The Whip, the situation only confirmed Dane’s bitter resentment against women. Troublemakers! They had only to enter the scene to create discomfort, embarrassment, hostility! As witness his own affairs—was not all going smoothly until the wretched business of the arranged marriage? It did not strike the Duke that that situation, at least, was none of Belinda Sayre’s making. He was more than ready to blame the girl for all the unpleasantness he had had to endure since he returned to London from Europe. And now the gypsy girl was out to make trouble. Women!

Musing thus morosely, the Duke followed the caravans and eventually found them making camp rather earlier than usual.

“We are going out to collect some dinner,” Bracho advised him as they tethered their horses side by side.

“I’ll come with you,” offered the Duke, eager for a diversion. The carefree life of the open road was wearing a little thin: hard earth for a mattress, his saddle for a pillow, and his coat for a blanket; no hot water for shaving, and linen he had to clean by washing in whatever wretched creek or muddy pond might lie adjacent to the night’s camping place. The Duke was forced to accept the fact that he was no longer eighteen and careless of comfort. But if he might get a little sport, it would relieve the boredom of the simple life.

Quebracho was shaking his head. “Better not,” he advised. “The Whip is in a foul humor. You might get accidentally shot.” He grinned at Dane’s startled expression.

“Does he dare to leave me alone in camp with the beautiful Lara?” queried the Duke wryly.

“Oh, all the old women have been warned to keep an eye on you,” advised the old man.

“Of the two choices, I’d prefer the men’s guns,” said Dane more than half-serious.

“You begin to show wisdom,” chuckled Bracho, walking toward the forest.

While the women made the fires and set the great iron hooks deep into the ground beside them, ready for the cooking pots, the Duke sat by himself under a spreading tree at a little remove from the camp. The late afternoon sun was westering through the trees, filling the air with a golden haze. Suddenly a new quality about the low-voiced murmurings of the women struck the Duke’s ear, and he was alerted to a change in the situation. He became aware of two men, dressed in the gaiters of gamekeepers, coming cautiously along the lane the caravans had followed to get to this clearing. Each man had a shotgun unobtrusively ready over one arm. They were peering cautiously around the encampment, trying to discover its strength before they announced their presence.

One of the older women came forward to meet them, asking them civilly enough what they wished.

“Where’s all the Roms, Mother?” asked one of the keepers, while the other, gun at the ready, was busy scanning the environs.

“Gone to the village to buy food,” said the woman, smiling toothlessly.

“That’ll be the day,” answered the gamekeeper. “Come on, old woman, we know they’re poaching in milord’s woods! You’d better start packin’ yer gear. If yer not out o’ here in an hour, we’ve orders to set fire to yer wagons.”

“We have always had permission to stay one night in Lord Denison’s woods,” retorted the old woman.

“That was the old lord,” sneered the keeper. “He’s dead this six months, an’ his nevvie’s given orders we’re to roust you out. Seems he can’t abide dirty, stinkin’ gypsies!” the man laughed loudly.

His companion had discovered the Duke, seated under the drooping branches of the huge tree. He stepped closer to his fellow and said something under his breath. The first keeper swung quickly around and raised the shotgun.

The Duke, sprawled very much at his ease, raised an arrogant eyebrow.

“Wot’re you doin’ over there?” snarled the keeper.

“Waiting for my supper,” replied the Duke calmly.

“There ain’t gonna be no supper for the likes o’ you! Help the woman to break camp!”

Beyond the clearing, a hint of movement caught the Duke’s eye. He thought he recognized the brown velvet. He got lazily to his feet. “We are not going to break camp,” he announced. “I have decided I like it here.”

“’Tain’t what you likes as makes any differences,” the keeper advised him, his face turning brick red under the amused glances of the women. He made a threatening gesture with the shotgun. “Move, gallow’s-bait, or I’ll pepper yer hide wi’ this!”

The Duke’s head lifted contemptuously. In a sharp voice he said, “This nonsense has gone far enough! I see I shall have to inform you rustics of my name and style—although I had intended to wait until after dark to visit your master and make myself known. I am Major Romsdale of his Majesty’s Fifty-Second. I am on special assignment to this area.”

This statement made both gamekeepers laugh heartily, and their eyes flicked scornfully over the short green velvet coat and the stained buckskins. “That’s a large one, that is! You ain’t gonna gammon us yer with the Preventives—”

There was a sudden, arrested quiet among the listening women at the name of that hated group. Ignoring this, the Duke drew himself up into the unmistakable stance of a seasoned officer. “No, I am not, clod-pole. I am representing His Majesty on a secret mission which has nothing to do with the petty smuggling which takes place in this area—supported, as I am well aware, by the local petty aristocracy!” He interrupted himself, sure at last of the identity of the lurker at the edge of the woods. “Sergeant Axebreak!” he snapped. “Front and center!”

“Sir!” Quebracho snapped back, his military response secretly tickling the Duke’s risibilities.

The old gypsy, delighted to take part in any charade which purported to fool the Gorgios, marched into the clearing with a fine pseudomilitary bearing. He halted in front of the Duke, quite ignoring the gamekeepers, and saluted smartly.

“Sir?”

“Have the scouts reported back to you?” barked the Duke, very much the Major of Dragoons.

“No, sir.”

“Very well, then, resume your position.” As the old man marched back toward the wood, the Duke faced the frowning keepers. “Now I shall tell you this once only. There is a notorious traitor who is seeking to escape from England. He is reported in this area, and is thought to be negotiating with smugglers for his passage to France. I shall not call on you as loyal Englishmen for aid against this traitor, for I have no confidence whatever in your ability to be of any assistance to me!” This was said with such a glare that the keepers found themselves trying to make excuses for their own inadequacies. The terrible Major appearing to be a little appeased, the head keeper ventured to ask if his honor wished to send a message to Lord Denison.

“Can we trust his loyalty?” challenged the Major.

“Oh, yes sir, indeed his lordship is as loyal as any man hereabouts!” avowed one keeper, while the other hastened to agree that there wasn’t a loyaler man in these parts.

Their statements did not seem to impress the officer overmuch. “In that case, I will send no message. We shall do what we came for and be gone before daylight tomorrow. See to it that we are not disturbed!” he ended with such a fierce glare that the gamekeepers nearly fell over their own feet getting away from the spot.

There was a pregnant silence until the two intruders were well out of sight. Then the women drew closer to the Duke and stood in an admiring semicircle before him, smiling and talking softly. Quebracho loped silently into the glade, his grin a white slash in the dark face.

“No Rom could have done it better,” he said with admiration. “The Whip and the others are in the woods, awaiting the outcome of your engaño, your trick. We like it very well!” he added, chuckling.

The Duke sensed new acceptance from most of the tribe as they sat around the fire later, enjoying Lord Denison’s rabbits and birds. Only the Whip stayed aloof, his black gaze moving from the Duke’s face to that of Lara, who had seated herself beside the hero of the hour. Finally becoming uncomfortable at the proximity, the Duke arose and made his way to where the chief sat.

“I told them we would be out of here by daylight,” he began.

Anton shrugged. “That is well. Our business will be done by then.” He stared hard at Dane. “Preventives?” he asked softly.

“Nay, I’m on a romantic errand,” denied the Duke, and then cursed himself at the quick, hard set of the chief’s body. “I am grateful for your hospitality,” he hastened to say, “but I must leave you as soon as we get to Sayre, where my business is waiting.”

“That should be about noon, the day after tomorrow,” The Whip advised him. After a pause, he continued grudgingly, “Yours was a good ruse. We Roms enjoy a hoax well played. But I do not like you, Gorgio.”

“I am your guest,” the Duke reminded him. “It would hardly be seemly of me to tell you the feeling is mutual.”

A reluctant grin tugged at the gypsy’s hard mouth. “Yet you have managed to do so without being insulting. I begin to fear you, Gorgio.”

“As I have always feared you,” said the Duke.

“It seems we both know how to lie,” retorted The Whip, for the first time that evening smiling easily.

The Duke let him have the last word. It was good diplomacy.





At noon of the second day after this encounter, the colorful procession of caravans wended its way down the Devon roads toward the sea. Ahead of them was a wood, stretching for a great distance on either side of the highway. Running off toward the ocean on the left, enclosing this side of the forest, was a high stone wall.

Bracho, riding beside the Duke, pointed out the imposing barrier. “That is the boundary of Sayre Court,” he said. “It is your destination?”

“I have some small business in the area,” admitted the Duke. He had no fear that the gypsy would betray him to any Gorgio, but he was not ready to discuss his private affairs with anyone at this juncture.

The old man forbore to question him further, and the two rode in companionable silence. As the massive wall loomed nearer, Dane asked, “Shall you be staying in this neighborhood long?”

“Perhaps awhile,” admitted Bracho. “The Whip has a friend here, and we have trading to do before we go to Cornwall.”

Now the leading riders and the vans were entering the wood. The Duke noticed that the great stone wall also fronted the highroad at this point, and that the forest was giving way to ordered rows of fruit trees. A flash of movement from the top of the wall caught Dane’s attention. A girl was perched on the old stone coping, her lovely, long bare legs dangling beneath a sober gray gown. On her small feet were sturdy black slippers, with which she was kicking idly at the wall. Her head was neatly covered with an old-fashioned mobcap, and her vivid little face, regrettably smeared with the juice of the fruit she was munching like any urchin, was turned to view the procession which approached her.

The Duke thought she was the loveliest girl he had ever seen.





For her part, Belinda was busily taking in the fascinating details of the cavalcade which was approaching her vantage point. First came several young men mounted on horses as fine as Belinda had ever seen. The men were dressed in brightly colored shirts with dark trousers and hats set rakishly on coarse black hair. Only as they came closer did the girl perceive that the colorful clothing was well worn, occasionally ragged, and that the hats, though gallantly cocked, were sometimes old and battered. The harnesses of the horses, however, gleamed with many brass ornaments polished to a glittering shine. The young riders were very much aware of the girl on the wall. Teeth gleamed white against swarthy skin as they smiled cheerfully at her.

The riders were closely followed by a line of large, covered vans or wagons, garishly decorated with red, yellow, and blue painted wooden scrolls and fretwork. Drawing each of these small houses-on-wheels was a magnificent draft horse expertly driven by a youth or a woman. Several spare horses were tied to the rear of the wagons. Bringing up the rear of this parade was a group of four horsemen, and it was upon the last two these that Belinda’s admiring glance rested longest.

They were worth looking at. Where the other gypsies, their gaily colored garments in various stages of picturesque disarray, resembled nothing so much as a flock of bedraggled parrots, these two riders wore an air of raffish elegance. The larger man wore a short, black leather vest over a red shirt, black leather breeches, and high boots. Around the thick column of his neck was a yellow kerchief. His coarse black hair was partly covered by a black felt hat, from under the broad brim of which his dark eyes glittered at the girl. From one earlobe dangled a gold ring. He did not smile, but he gave some signal to his stallion so that the great beast curveted and danced a few steps as he moved past Belinda.

Greatly entertained, the girl transferred her delighted gaze to the other man. While not so huge as his companion, this fellow was big and well built. A pair of stained tight buckskins was molded to his muscular thighs, and a bright green velvet jacket stretched tight across broad shoulders. He stared back at the girl on the wall boldly, his eyes curiously intent.

At this moment several of the village dogs, scenting an invasion, came racing down the road toward the gypsy caravans, barking furiously at the horses’ hooves and at the wheels of the wagons. The gypsies called out taunts and jeers, rousing the self-appointed guardians to a frenzy. The girl on the wall joined the laughter, then, an impish smile lighting up her countenance, began to chant:





“Hark, hark, the dogs do bark!

The gypsies are coming to town.

“Some in rags, and some in tags—”





Her laughing eyes took mocking notice of the Duke’s velvet jacket—





“And one in a velvet gown!”





The Duke, who had never refused a fence or a challenge in his life, brought Ben onto the grassy verge between the highroad and the stonewall with a smooth, frightening rush. Reining in just below the small black boots, he doffed his newly acquired sombrero with all the grace of a Spanish caballero. Smiling up into the girl’s startled face, he said softly, “Thank you for the welcome, little one! Shall I come up, or will you come down to me?”

This was taking the attack to the challenger indeed. The girl’s cheeks blazed with color and her big brown eyes went wide.

The Duke grinned mockingly. “Is there not another verse, pretty one? Or are you already regretting the invitation?”

“It was not—I did not—” stammered Belinda, automatically smoothing down the gray skirts over her long, shapely legs.

“Too late,” sighed the Duke, ogling them outrageously.

Well aware of the direction of the man’s impudent stare, Belinda’s lips tightened with anger. “You are insolent, sirrah!” she snapped, every inch the General’s granddaughter.

“To accept the overtures of a beautiful girl?” the Duke teased. “Or did you think your position high on your master’s wall would protect you from the gypsy’s crude advances?”

Since this, in effect, was exactly what Belinda had thought, she was momentarily at a loss. Only momentarily, however. This boldly smiling man was a very different kind of male creature from the elegant young gentlemen who had paid court to the Season’s newest Beauty. One could not be sure this fellow would respect the accepted boundaries of polite dalliance, if indeed he was even aware of them. Another look at the audacious gray eyes, shining with unholy amusement, told her she had better go warily with this one.

So, being Belinda, she ignored caution and struck out boldly. “Who needs protection from a mouse?” the General’s granddaughter laughed scornfully.

To the Duke’s affronted ears came a loud echo of the chit’s mocking laughter as The Whip appeared beside him on the grassy verge.

“Not so successful with this one, Gorgio?” prodded Anton. He turned to the girl and swept off his hat, smiling seductively. “Pretty lady, there have been changes since last we came this way. Can you tell a poor wandering man if the Earl’s writ still runs in this place?”

The girl got his meaning. “Sayre Home Wood is still a safe haven for your people,” she acknowledged. “The Earl and his family are not in residence, but his bailiff will do business with you.”

With a tiny smile at The Whip and no glance whatever at the Duke, the girl swung lithely around and vanished from the top of the wall.

The Whip laughed softly.





Chapter Nine



Belinda made her way up to the great house smiling complacently. It had done her good to put that presumptuous gypsy in his place. The insolence of him, trying to flirt with her! (If that was what his breathtaking advance had meant.) For a moment her heart had seemed to be in her throat, and the whole world to be restricted to a pair of challenging gray eyes, with a light in them she had never seen in a man’s glance before.

Gray? Was not that an unusual color for a gypsy’s eyes? The impudent creature had had a green silk kerchief about his head under the broad-brimmed hat, so that she had not been able to see the color of his hair. He hadn’t worn an earring, either, as the big dark one did. At least that one had behaved with decent respect, his night-black eyes modestly hooded in his swarthy face.

Belinda sighed. They were fascinating, the gypsies. She had been aware from her childhood of their seasonal visits to Sayre Wood, although she had never been permitted to play with the laughing, dark children, or to visit their encampment. She knew that the traveling-folk brought Spanish wines and French brandies to the Earl, and that he was pleased to deal with them rather than “those rascally vintners in London.”

Entering the house by the back door, she encountered Mrs. Mayo. The housekeeper immediately subjected her to a lecture on the shocking lack of decorum evidenced by her appearance in public so inappropriately costumed.

“Bare legs, Miss Bel! And wherever did you find that dress? In a ragbag, I’ll be bound! What your grandfather would say, I do not dare to think! And your fine friends in London, too. Shocked they would be! When is this silly masquerade to come to an end, is what I wish to know?”

“After the Duke of Romsdale returns to the City we can be comfortable again, dear Mayo,” coaxed the girl.

“But he hasn’t even come yet, Miss Bel, and it’s my belief that a great man like that would have better things to do with his time than to come chasing into the country after a girl he doesn’t even like!” replied Mrs. Mayo, in the mistaken idea that she was offering comfort.

Since, however, her estimate of the situation marched too closely with Belinda’s own, the effect was to depress the girl further. The idea had been growing in her mind that she might have been overestimating her own appeal in considering that so top-lofty a personage as His Grace the Duke of Romsdale would come running into Devon after a silly minx who had no more nous than to insult her Sovereign. He had given no indication that he wished to further his acquaintance with her—rather the contrary. It was a lowering thought. Worse, it brought with it the fear that her grandfather might have suffered a royal snub because of her intransigency. But in that case would the Earl not have repaired at once to Sayre Court, there to wait some sign of Majesty’s forgiveness? She frowned. Whatever she did seemed to be wrong since this wretched Duke had returned to London from the capitals of Europe! If only he had stayed there, she might have been comfortable! Instead of which she was self-banished from the scene of her first social triumph, her whole future was shadowed, she was bored to distraction, and, ultimate disaster, forced to admit that the despicable Dulcinia had triumphed over her! A single tear overflowed from her eyelid and found its way down one cheek.

Mrs. Mayo observed this unusual reaction with alarm. What had she said to throw her darling into the dismals? That the Duke didn’t like her? But the child had claimed from the start that she disliked him! Could it be—? Folding Belinda to her motherly bosom she crooned gently, “There, there, Miss Bel! It will all come out right! I’ve no doubt his lordship will bring the Man here if you want him, my dearie.”

But Belinda had seen the light. “He will never come! I have given him such a disgust of me that he will probably cut me dead if he meets me in the street!” And even if he doesn’t, her guilty conscience reminded her, he will utter more of his hateful witticisms, and reveal my folly, and all the ton will be sneering at my childish behavior. I should have stayed in London to face it out, not run like a scalded cat!

In an effort to get her mind off these depressing conclusions, Belinda said with forced brightness, “Dear Mayo, the gypsies are back! Will Hawkins be purchasing wines from them again this year?”

“The Earl’s bailiff will do what is right and proper,” said Mrs. Mayo, whose ethical position was the prevailing local one with regard to Free Trade. “Now do go up to your room, Miss Bel, and get out of that absurd costume! Cook has your favorite scones for tea, and a trifle with cream and fresh berries.”

Somewhat cheered by this intelligence, Belinda went up to her luxurious suite to wash her face and hands and don garments more suitable to her station. During the delectable repast she subsequently indulged in, she made firm resolutions to conduct herself with more propriety—for even a poor relation, she told herself, would hardly perch on a wall eating peaches, and exchange insults with gypsies! But it had been exciting, especially when that insolent creature had practically charged the wall. As though she were manning the redoubt of a besieged castle, and he the besieger! Ridiculous man, with that green silk kerchief over his hair under the foreign hat! Probably only too well aware of the romantic figure he cut!

The swarthy one might turn out to be what Grandy was wont to call an ugly customer, for all his meek demeanor and his absurd gold earring. He had not been displeased when she depressed the pretensions of his companion. He had been laughing as she left them. Well, it would serve his saucy friend right. Of course, Belinda would never see any of them again, she told herself virtuously. She might have made no attempt to do so, either, in spite of the boredom which was making her, to quote Mrs. Mayo, as cross as crabs, had not Fate intervened in the person of Dittisham.

That portly patriarch, strongly aware of his duty to the House, saw fit to comment upon the situation. As he was serving Belinda’s solitary dinner that evening in the great shadowy dining room, he said, wistfully, “We shall go on better when his lordship returns to us, shall we not, Miss Bel?”

Belinda, while considering that viewpoint more than a trifle optimistic, knew what was expected of her. She nodded, and smiled up at the elderly servant.

Encouraged by this charming agreement, Dittisham continued, with the outspoken privilege of an old retainer, “In the mean time, Miss Bel, you must not attempt to go near the Home Woods while those gypsies are encamped there.”

The girl peeped up at him through her long eyelashes. “Must I not, Dittisham?”

“Miss Bel! You know your grandfather has never permitted it! And especially not now, when the situation is . . . is delicate.”

All traces of the playful smile vanished from the girl’s face, and her brows drew together. “The situation—?”

Dittisham, unaware that her successful London Season had made changes in the child he had known all her life, rushed in where angels might have hesitated.

“I’ve had a note from his lordship, Miss Bel. He is not best pleased, I gathered, by what—er—occurred in London before you left. He has instructed me and Mrs. Mayo to keep a—that is, to watch carefully over you until he comes.”

Belinda set her teeth. Aside from the daunting fact that her grandfather had seen fit to communicate with Dittisham rather than herself, she was well aware that she was being rebuked for her want of conduct. Too proud to ask exactly what the Earl had told Dittisham, she was guiltily conscious that none of it could reflect credit upon herself.

“Keep a sharp eye upon the chit,” was probably the kindest thing the old stickler had said. For one of the few times in her much-indulged life, she had been sharply and publicly reprimanded, and the fact that the reproof was well merited did nothing to soften the blow.

A few months previously, before what she was now compelled to regard as the ending of her successful come-out, Belinda would have accepted the Earl’s strictures with chagrin, perhaps, but without resentment. Her honesty and habitual good humor would shortly have led her to make the necessary apology and restore the status quo ante. But now resentment dulled remorse, and the girl felt that she had been unjustly treated by those whose business it should have been to protect and defend her. So she summoned up a rather glittering little smile and said gently, “I’ll keep your advice in mind, Dittisham.”





Chapter Ten



The Duke was finding his alfresco existence very much to his taste—now that it was nearly over. With the assurance of clean sheets, a good mattress, and abundant hot water at his disposal by the next day, he was free to enjoy the delights of living with Nature . . . briefly. When the gypsies made their encampment in the Earl of Sayre’s Home Woods, he lent a hand with the rest, unharnessing the majestic draft horses from the wagons and leading them to the line, then rubbing down and feeding them. Later he joined the youths who were pegging out the black tents in which the men slept who had neither wife nor caravan.

“Bachelor Officers’ Quarters,” he thought, pleased that he would not have to spend another night under the stars, wrapped only in his greatcoat. That fashionable accoutrement was becoming lamentably stained by the rough usage he was giving it and was at best an inadequate covering against the heavy night dews. The Duke shook his head ruefully. He had lived soft for ten years and had lost the knack of adjusting to the rigors of campaign.

At this moment the beautiful Lara came to him bearing a full plate of the savory stew the older women had prepared in the great iron kettles. As he inhaled the appetizing steam, he admitted that this had been no rigorous campaign but a superb holiday from responsibility. But now it was time to report back for duty. The first thing tomorrow morning, he would ride Ben to the inn with the odd name—The Climbing Man—and reserve their best room for a week. If he paid in advance, his guineas would weigh heavier than his raffish appearance. He would write to Freya, to the Ministry, and to Pliss, his valet, still waiting for him at Freya’s home in London. He would direct that his groom bring Pliss and suitable clothing to him at once in his curricle. He sighed. If the letter was put on the Mail coach tomorrow, his holiday would be over in a few days. Decently clothed, he could pay a visit to Sayre Court and discover whether the Earl’s granddaughter was in residence. If she were not, he had better get back to London without further delay and mend his fences. Already he was deeply regretting the petulance which had led him to place the girl in an equivocal position. Had it been petulance—or some deeply buried reluctance to give up his freedom? Freya was right, he admitted at last. He had behaved very badly indeed to the Sayres, and would probably have to eat a large serving of humble pie before the old martinet forgave him. The thought of having to placate a sullen—or worse, hysterical—eighteen-year-old bride filled him with dismay, but he would honor his father’s word and marry her. Freya had seemed to think the girl had character, though her action in running away had not demonstrated it. Still, something might be made of her with time and careful handling. After all, he had brought much weightier problems to a successful conclusion.

He was roused from these gloomy thoughts by an awareness that the gypsy girl Lara was lingering near him, staring at him as he ate. Warning bells rang their tocsins in his mind. Devil take the wench! She would force him into a confrontation with The Whip if she kept up this behavior! He gave her a warning frown.

Lara’s response was to sidle close to him and favor him with a provocative wiggle which set him grinning involuntarily. Little minx! Playful as a young tigress—and just as dangerous. Careful! he reminded himself, suddenly conscious of the attention this byplay was getting from the circle of gypsies eating around the fire. This was The Whip’s girl; Bracho had warned him. He said softly, “Do you enjoy playing with fire, Lara?”

The girl shrugged and tossed her long, dark hair.

“Lara plays where she wishes. Lara belongs to no man, Gorgio! Lara will choose who is to receive her favors.”

This speech was delivered in a tone loud enough to be heard—and easily misunderstood—by a jealous man. Women! thought the Duke. A man’s damned if he does and damned if he doesn’t!

The Whip rose from his stool by the fire. Throwing down his plate, he strode toward Lara and the Duke. Oh, well, thought Dane, I intended to leave the tribe tomorrow morning anyway. The gypsying had been a pleasure, and he was reluctant to end it with a fight.

The Whip loomed over him. Ignoring Lara completely, he said harshly, “What is it that you are telling my chai, Gorgio?”

Lara turned a wide, pleased smile on the chief, then a smug little grin on the Gorgio, obviously waiting for him to defy Anton. Oh, yes! thought the Duke, you’d enjoy seeing us at each other’s throats, wouldn’t you? Placing his plate of food carefully on the ground, Dane got to his feet to face the bigger man. He met the flat black gaze steadily.

“I was telling her that my father had pledged with his best friend that their children would marry. It is so sometimes with your people, is it not?” Without waiting for a reply, Dane continued, “I am traveling to meet my future wife now, to arrange the details of our wedding. Your fiancée said that, for her part, she would prefer to choose her own husband.”

Not very chivalrous, the Duke decided, but serve the little troublemaker right! Fitted in with the speech she’d made about choosing who was to receive her favors—and every word of it true, he congratulated himself. Diplomacy!

Turning swiftly on the gaping Lara, the Whip caught her by the shoulder. “My patience is at an end! Speak now, or I shall choose another chai to be my queen,” he told her in a most unloverlike voice.

“You would not!” she glared at him. “It is me you want—me alone!”

The chief’s smile was as cold as his eyes. “Who are you to say what the Whip wants?” He released her shoulder, pushing her away from him, so that she staggered and almost fell. “I want a loving woman in my bed, not a peevish child!”

The Duke regarded Anton with admiration. He was tempted to cheer him on. But the girl was looking, wide-eyed, at the big gypsy.

“I am the prettiest woman in the tribe! You told me you would have none but the best!”

The Whip’s glance flicked her contemptuously. “There are other tribes. And when we reach Cornwall, there are many pretty didakis—even Cornish girls—who might please me as well as you, or better.”

The men, women, even the children around the fire were so still that Lara’s gasp was plainly audible. “Didakis? You would take a half-breed to wife? Or a Gorgio mort? You—the chief?”

“Pral Veshengro’s tribe is meeting us near Penzance,” The Whip informed her. “He has a lineage as pure as any of ours—and he has two beautiful daughters, so I am told.”

Lara stared up at him, the anger seeping from her face. A quick glance around the circle made her aware that every member of the tribe had heard what had been said. Her eyes returned to that swarthy implacable face. At last she bowed her dark head.

“Yes.”

Anton waited, motionless.

Lara flung herself at him, beating on his massive chest. “Yes, I will be your woman—you devil!” she cried.

The Whip grunted and caught her to him with one hard arm.

“I accept your offer,” he said with a triumphant laugh.

Everyone around the campfire joined in his laughter, the Duke very heartily indeed—and with considerable relief. He picked up his plate and walked around the fire, handing it with a word of thanks to the old woman who presided over the iron kettle. Then with a wave and a general “good-night,” he walked over to the place where he had left his saddle and coat and lay down. He failed to notice the venomous glare Lara directed after his retreating form. Sleep came to him almost at once.

He awoke very early and left the tent to walk over to the stream which served as a lavatory for the gypsies. Washing his hands and face, he donned, for the last time, the raw silk shirt he had bought from Quebracho. He had rinsed it out himself at various streams and muddy ponds along the way, but its grubby condition had suddenly become offensive to him, in view of the fresh linen he would soon be wearing. So much for the joys of the open road, the Duke shrugged wryly.

He was fastening the buttons when he became aware of a stealthy noise in the underbrush near him. Someone was creeping close and making an effort to disguise his approach. Sudden visions of an ambush by the affronted Whip or by an ambitious youngling eager to test the Gorgio flashed in his head. He was weaponless; his gun and stiletto were in their sheaths in his greatcoat. He finished buttoning the silk shirt, then casually bent to pick up the handkerchief he had used as a towel. With it, he palmed a large, jagged stone. Thus armed, he turned to face the inept attacker.

The sounds in the underbrush had ceased.

“You’d better show your front,” said the Duke coldly, “or I shall kill you.”

There was a sudden thrashing of the underbrush, and a small figure staggered out into the clearing beside the stream. Big brown eyes glared out of a face crowned with a tangle of golden hair which had been pulled about by the owner’s passage through the brush. The Duke was pleased to observe the little maiden who had perched on the wall yesterday. Her gray gown was the worse for wear, but her hair, even though adorned with twigs and leaves, made a charming frame for the exquisite face.

“Well met, Queen Titania,” offered the Duke with his most coaxing smile.

This flattering reference was not well received. Instead of blushing and stammering, the girl said sharply, “If we are to match names from Shakespeare, sir, allow me to tell you that you put me strongly in mind of Bottom the Weaver! Otherwise, after your aggressive behavior yesterday, I might have been tempted to call you Captain Hackum!”

The Duke took a more careful look at the furious girl in front of him. This time his expression was guarded.

“If I have offended you, little one, I am sorry for it,” he said softly.

Belinda, her wrath checked as it were in mid-gallop, stared at him with suspicion. It was hard for her to read his handsome features; he stood very much at ease, watching her solemnly. The girl’s slender brows drew together.

“You are very discreet today, sir! What has happened to the impudent bravo who charged the wall?”

A sparkle appeared in his eyes, although his countenance remained sober. “I thought, then, that I was responding gallantly to an invitation,” he confessed.

Belinda gasped. “You presume, sir!” Then, finding it impossible to resist, she spoiled the effect of her haughty rebuke by asking, “What could have given you such an outrageous idea?”

The creature pretended an embarrassed reluctance to speak.

“I asked you a question, sir,” the girl reminded him icily.

“Well,” he began, his eyes bright with contained laughter, “perhaps it has slipped your mind that there was quite a—display of beautiful—uh—bare limbs—?”

“Oh!” Bright color rose in the girl’s cheeks.

“Do you know how enchantingly pretty you look when you blush?” Now the audacious creature was openly laughing at her.

“No—that is—no one has told me—“ began Belinda, even more adorably confused between pleasure and annoyance.

“The men of Sayre Village must be the greatest slow-tops in nature,” suggested the man in commiserating tones.

“But I have not—that is—” The girl realized the folly of continuing such a conversation and drew a deep, steadying breath.

“I have come to visit the gypsy encampment,” she said, primly.

“An excellent idea.” The man approved. “So educational! May I have the honor of escorting you? But first—” he pursed his lips disparagingly.

“What is wrong?” the girl queried.

“You have twigs in your hair, and your gown is sadly untidy,” the Duke informed her with a chuckle he could not suppress.

Belinda, shocked out of her bemused fascination by these rude comments, snapped, “And you, sir, have a damned dirty shirt!” in a tone which evoked for the Duke memories of dress parades and displeased senior officers. He took a closer look at the angry little figure before him, the tousled golden hair, the wide lovely brown eyes, the arrogant tilt of the chin. There had been the quick riposte to his Shakespearean gambit—surely a maid-servant wouldn’t have known . . . ? The small hands now clenched into fists were white and well cared for . . . . A staggering suspicion entered the Duke’s mind. In spite of the outgrown gray dress and the sturdy shoes, this vision of beauty was neither the hoyden nor the servant she appeared. Frantically he tried to recall what Freya had said about the Earl’s granddaughter. Blond, beautiful, with a startling openness of speech resulting from her grandfather’s upbringing.

“Belinda’s not mealymouthed,” Freya had informed him, chuckling. “Some of our high sticklers censure her but the young men adore it.”

At the time, the Duke had frowned fastidiously and added it to his list of grievances against the girl. But now—could this rather grubby-looking little beauty be the Honorable Belinda Sayre, granddaughter of an Earl, and the woman he was expected to marry?

“If not Titania, by what name may I address you, nymph?” he asked, the smile which had won favor with some of the best-guarded hearts in Europe on his lips.

“I am—uh—Prudence Oliphant,” replied the girl, presenting such a self-conscious mien that the Duke’s suspicions were in a fair way of being confirmed. “A distant connection of the Sayre family,” she added hastily.

The merest hint of a smile teased at the Duke’s lips as he considered the disheveled little figure confronting him. “The family is not in residence, I take it?” he queried mildly.

A wild-rose blush suffused the girl’s cheeks. “Oh!—You mean the—the informality of my costume?”

“That, too.” The big man spared her nothing. “Unless, of course, they use you as an—ah—unpaid drudge?” And you are forced to wear Miss Belinda Sayre’s outgrown clothing?”

“Miss Belinda would not be caught dead in a dress like this,” gritted Belinda.

“Ah! A haughty piece, is she?” commiserated the exasperating creature. “Niffy-naffy?”

“On the contrary,” snapped the girl, “she is all affability! A most obliging and amiable disposition!”

“Indeed?” commented the man, viewing this information with a maddeningly incredulous air.

“And what the devil business is it of yours what Miss Belinda is like?” the girl bristled.

“No wonder the family rusticates you at Sayre Court,” said the Duke and now his smile became a mocking grin. “The style of your address is hardly suited to an elegant London drawing room.”

Belinda’s hand flashed up to slap the mocking face above her. With a rapidity which shocked her, her wrist was caught and held in a crushing grip.

“Oh, no, little spitfire! You must learn to conduct yourself with more propriety! Shall I school you, I wonder?” and he looked down into her furious countenance with a kind of grim amusement.

Outraged, Belinda gasped. “What can a dirty gypsy tinker know of gentility?” She shrugged to free her wrist.

With embarrassing ease the man captured her other hand. “More than you are presently demonstrating, little termagant,” he answered quietly. “Yes, I think it might amuse me to see if I can make a lady out of such a harum-scarum little maiden as Miss Prudence Oliphant.”

Belinda glared up into the stern, handsome face. “I wish my—I wish there was a man here—!”

“There is,” her tormentor said softly. “Oh, believe me, there is!”

For the first time in her pampered life, Belinda had an odd feeling which seemed to be compounded in equal measure of terror and delight. Unable to sustain the man’s penetrating glance, she lowered her gaze to his broad chest and waited for his next move. After a moment he took both of her wrists in one large hand and with the other began to pluck the leaves and twigs from her hair.

Belinda found herself standing with unexpected docility under his ministrations. Even when he began to smooth and arrange her tumbled curls, she did not offer protest. The man, releasing her wrists to give himself two hands for his work, shot her the occasional wary glance, suspecting a trick. At length his heartwarming smile appeared.

“Much better!” he said gently.

“My appearance?” challenged the girl, glancing up at him swiftly.

“Your behavior,” he corrected her. “I am coming to believe that with some careful training you might learn to go on quite acceptably in society,” and he bent and placed his lips firmly upon her open mouth.

Belinda decided afterwards that it was shock which held her immobile beneath that attack, conveniently ignoring the fact that she had responded to the unexpected pressure by going up on tiptoe and leaning closer to the man’s broad chest. With lightning speed she was clasped strongly in two powerful arms and fitted against a hard body. In order to facilitate this maneuver—and since she had really no place else to put them—Belinda placed her arms around the firm column of the man’s neck and held on.

She had need to. The pressure of firm male lips against her own was creating some interesting new feelings inside her. One or two of the more dashing of the young officers who paid her court had attempted to steal a kiss under circumstances suitable for the performance of such tactics, but while Belinda, quite naturally curious, had permitted a chaste salute, she had held her defenses and remained in complete control of the exercise. This embrace was as different from those tentative maneuverings as brandy is from milk. Feeling a little dizzy, Belinda pulled back.

At once the grip on her loosened, and an unwelcome coolness struck that part of her chest which had been pressed to the man’s.

“I just wanted to catch my breath,” she found herself explaining, and moved back to him.

He threw his head up with an involuntary crow of laughter. “ ‘Prudence’? Little one, you must not give yourself away so clearly! You should be all offended consequence, no matter how much you enjoyed my behavior!”

Belinda frowned. “Why?”

The man regarded her with such amused delight that she caught her breath. He kissed her once again, a soft touch, a soft touch quite unlike his earlier demanding pressure, and then said quietly, “To protect yourself, of course.”

“You mean that men will regard me lightly if I make it too easy for them to kiss me?” she asked, belatedly recalling some of Lady Tulliver’s endless homilies.

The man met her eyes, all traces of amusement gone.

“I think that some day soon one man is going to value that eager response above all else in the world. It will be all the more precious to him if it is for him alone.”

Belinda pondered this dictum. “I believe you may be right,” she admitted finally. “For I know I should feel most annoyed to discover that—he was going around kissing dozens of other girls.”

The golden eyebrows cocked wryly. “Surely not dozens,” he objected. “Let us grant the fellow some discretion.”

“Why should he be permitted to make love to even one girl besides me, if I am not to love anyone but him? It is not at all fair play!” protested Belinda with some heat.

“Before he has met you,” offered the man more slowly, “perhaps he will not have realized what a—a delightful gift Fate has in store for him.”

“But after he has met me,” concluded Belinda happily, “of course he will never be tempted to kiss any other girl at all!”

“He would be a fool if he wished to,” agreed the man.

A very satisfactory response! Belinda beamed up at the strong, handsome, faintly smiling countenance. The Duke caught his breath at the sheer enticing loveliness of the girl’s face. “I think,” he said hastily, “we should go to the camp, for that is where you were headed when we met, was it not?” Then, observing the look of disappointment which crossed the lovely little face, he added. “For Miss Prudence Oliphant, being a poor relation, must be particularly careful she is not discovered alone in the woods with a—‘dirty gypsy tinker.’ ”

Belinda met his gaze with honesty. “I should not have said that to you. I was angry, but that is no excuse. I ask your forgiveness, sir.”

“Bravely spoken,” the man told her. “I accept your apology.” He offered his arm. “May I have the honor of escorting you, Miss Prudence?”

As she placed her fingers correctly on his forearm, Belinda wished that she could hear this man say her own name in that deep, caressing voice.





Chapter Eleven



The first gypsy they encountered as they entered the clearing was the girl Lara. She flashed a hostile glance toward the Duke, and then subjected Belinda to a contemptuous scrutiny. Before she could address them, however, the two Gorgios were surrounded by a ring of teasing young children and younger women, eager to welcome the pretty stranger. The Duke was surprised to notice that all the men save The Whip and Quebracho had disappeared, but concluded that the missing men were poaching or off collecting kegs of run brandy from wherever they were hidden. No doubt the residents of Sayre Court and the guests at The Climbing Man would soon be enjoying a very special tipple.

Dane introduced Belinda to the inquisitive group with a casual “This is Miss Prudence Oliphant.”

The Whip advanced, Quebracho smiling at his shoulder, toward the newcomers, but before Anton had a chance to speak. Lara said with an abrupt laugh, “Elephant? What kind of name is that?”

Belinda, who had been hoping that none of the older women would recognize her as the Earl’s granddaughter, drew herself up at this piece of gratuitous insolence. Quebracho offered a placating remark, his eyes on Belinda’s face, but Lara continued scornfully, “Is this your mort, Gorgio? Now I see why her father had to arrange a match for her!”

Oh, no, groaned the Duke, not that again! Cursing himself for having used the truth as an excuse to get out of a tight place, he turned swiftly to his companion, noting her shocked surprise. Quickly he seized her hand in an ardent clasp.

“Although I had not had the pleasure of meeting her until today, I can only give thanks for my good fortune in being pledged to Miss Oliphant.” Bending his bright gold head, he raised the small hand to his lips. At the same time, he pressed the girl’s fingers in urgent warning.

Belinda, who had no notion why this attractive stranger should be telling such a monstrous whopper to his gypsy friends, was quick to realize that the encounter had developed a threatening aspect. The girl’s suspicious glance, the old man’s anxious friendliness, and the guarded look her companion was giving her suggested danger as much as the gypsy girl’s attack had done. She looked at the giant gypsy who was approaching them. Was it not—? Yes, it was the same big fellow who had been so obsequious at the wall. His flat black gaze now held a darkly menacing challenge to the man beside her.

Belinda was not the Earl’s granddaughter for nothing.

“My guardian wishes us to sign the marriage contracts today,” she supported the golden-haired man’s lie, “but I wanted to meet the friends with whom my promised husband had traveled into Devonshire.” She smiled enchantingly at the leader of gypsies. “I did not know, when I saw you all arrive in the village, that my intended was with you. I suppose he had come that way to get a glimpse of what the Fates had in store for him,” she grinned saucily at the Duke. “I suppose I must thank God fasting that he did not turn tail and flee when he saw me!”

The gypsies chuckled, relishing the joke. The suspicion began to fade from the giant’s face. Then Lara put in, waspishly, “But he didn’t know you were the elephant when he saw you perching on your wall, did he?”

Ignoring this completely, Belinda smiled around the watching circle of gypsies. “You must introduce me, darling.” The man did so, and Belinda said what was proper and gracious to each one, accepting their congratulations, and unconsciously enacting the role of great lady so well that Bracho was not the only one of the older gypsies who began to look at her consideringly. The Duke suppressed a grin. Finally Belinda turned to him.

“Now I think it is time we returned to—uh—to the house, do not you—darling?” and she pulled her fingers from the crushing grasp he had not relaxed.

“Indeed, sweetheart, you are right,” he said, and flashed a lightning glance at her in which she read unholy amusement. The next instant he had taken advantage of her request by placing his arm around her waist and guiding her out of the group. “Yes, sweetheart! I wish above all things to have our affairs quickly settled.” This was uttered with such prim complacence that the girl longed to deliver him a blistering setdown. Her eyes flashed him a promise of the reckoning to come, but she held the smile on her face as she accepted his guidance.

“I’ll just pick up Ben from the line as I leave,” he called softly to the now-grinning Bracho. “My thanks for good company on the road!” His wave embraced them all. “Kushti bok!”

Belinda waited until the three—man, horse, and girl—were well out of sight and hearing of the camp before turning a wrathful face upon the culprit. The duke forestalled her attack.

“Thank God you were so quick off the mark in apprehending a dangerous situation—and so cool in handling it!”

The warmth of his commendation momentarily checked her anger. “Dangerous?”

“Very. The chief was just looking for an excuse. He’s never forgiven me for beating him at his own game when first we met upon the highroad. I believe he had decided not to let me leave without a mill.”

“You must tell me the story some day,” Belinda said coldly. “But surely there was the little matter of the girl, also?”

The Duke nodded. “He is beyond reason jealous of Lara. She is his chosen bride, but she is a minx and has been doing her possible to rouse his jealousy.”

“Of you?” challenged Belinda.

“I was a honey-fall for her,” the Duke admitted with a grin. “A stranger to the tribe——a Gorgio—my credentials and business unknown to them—above all, no one to report my loss if The Whip decided I was s serious rival for the girl’s affections.”

“Which, of course, you had made not the slightest push to win,” added Belinda, a shade waspishly. She had been very well aware of the vicious look Lara had given the fair-haired man as they entered the camp. It had been neither provocative nor languishing—surely, not anything to rouse anger or jealousy in even the most possessive of husbands-to-be! Had there been some other cause for the obvious animosity exhibited by the gypsy chieftain? Could the attempt at seduction have come from this man rather than from Lara? That would explain her angry revulsion. Belinda felt she must have time to evaluate the story her companion was telling her. Time, and more information.

“Is there truth in a girl living hereabouts to whom you are pledged—or was that a Banbury tale to discourage Lara?” she asked.

To her surprise, the man said, “Yes, there is,” and then fell into a maddening silence as they wended their way along the shady path through the Home Woods.

“Well?” persisted Belinda. “Does she live in Sayre Village?” Rapidly she catalogued the unmarried girls of suitable age in the neighborhood: the Vicar’s three daughters (well, four, if you counted Miss Amelia, but she surely was a little too long in the tooth to suit so handsome a man); the Doctor’s lovely Cleo, perhaps a shade too young; Lawyer Morris’s only child, Mary-Joan, but she was plump and carrot-thatched as well—oh! she was forgetting Squire Highcastle’s daughter Helen, a beautiful dark-haired girl of sixteen. Would the Squire have countenanced so gothic an arrangement for his daughter with this gypsy rogue? But he wasn’t a gypsy, whatever else he was!

“What is your name?” she snapped regarding the creature’s innocent expression with a frown. “I cannot be forever calling you ‘You’ !”

“Peregrine—er—Random,” offered the Duke hopefully.

“Ridiculous,” said the Earl’s granddaughter shortly.

“Would you say ‘ridiculous’?” protested the creature.

“It means wandering haphazardly,” said the well-educated Belinda, “and is obviously an assumed name. No person is named Wandering Haphazardly,”

“I recently heard of a man whose father called him Waiting-for-the-Light,” argued the Duke, “and another named Parsifal Galahad. Of course he joined the army as Peter George. One cannot quite blame him.”

“That,” remarked Belinda austerely, “is quite another matter. Peregrine Random has a distinctly theatrical flavor.”

The Duke was tempted for a moment to pursue this fascinating alternative, but decided the role of a traveling actor might be too fatiguing to sustain. Instead he offered, “My mother was a romantic?” with the air of one defending à outrance an untenable position.

“You are a Banbury man,” accused the girl, “and you are enjoying all this too much for it to be a serious problem to you!”

The Duke’s lazily provocative smile was wiped suddenly from his lips, and he stared soberly at the delightful little face under the tumbled golden curls. “On the contrary, Miss Oliphant, the problem is a most serious one, and my peace of mind—to say nothing of my future happiness—may well depend upon the events of the next few days.”

The impact of this sudden gravity, combined with the Duke’s undeniable virility and masculine beauty, struck Belinda with the force of a thunderbolt. She had had nothing in her life to prepare her for this man. Her grandfather had been middle-aged when she first became aware of his part in her life. She had never really known her father. The young sprigs of fashion she had met in London were either titled youths or dashing junior officers, not mature and sophisticated men of the world like the Duke. The Honorable Belinda Sayre had been carefully protected from such as these—partly by her youth, and partly by the efficient system of chaperonage perfected unobtrusively by her grandfather and Lady Tulliver. Now, her velvet brown eyes wide with concern, her cheeks pink with unaccustomed emotion, she scanned the handsome face above her.

“Are you in trouble?” she faltered. He could have lost his fortune at the gaming tables—she had heard of such things happening. Or he could be in one of those mysterious scrapes the young officers were frequently alluding to and always refusing to discuss with her. That would explain his traveling with a band of gypsies rather than by more conventional means. She scrutinized his rather grubby clothing. It seemed to her untrained eye to have been at one time of good quality, if a shade exotic. The short green velvet jacket and the silk shirt were really not the usual wear for Englishmen, but the riding boots—and Belinda did know about well-made boots—were of excellent style, although dreadfully in need of polish. And the stained buckskins fitted the man’s strong, well-muscled thighs as though they had been made for him.

Belinda’s cheeks grew even rosier as she raised her eyes to encounter his knowing gaze. It was essential to remove that warm, intent look from his face. The general’s granddaughter attacked.

“I think you are cutting a wheedle, sirrah! You do not appear to me to be concerned about anything more serious than another man’s girl!”

The Duke at once favored her with a delightful smile. “That, my child, can mean more trouble than you could dream of! But you must allow me to keep my guilty secret, Miss Oliphant. It would not be to my advantage to disclose it at the moment.”

Belinda could think of no way to pursue this engrossing subject. They continued to walk along the path. After a few minutes the man said, “I shall be putting up for a few days at The Climbing Man, Miss Oliphant. When I have—uh—brought my costume into conformity with the polite mode, may I have the honor of calling upon you at Sayre Court?”

Belinda’s gaze flashed up to the smiling countenance of the soi-disant Peregrine Random. “Why, yes! That is—no! I am not sure . . .” she hesitated, estimating the amount of conniving and explaining she would have to do to bring Dittisham and especially Mrs. Mayo to accept the grimy, enigmatic character beside her with any degree of equanimity.

The Duke, fully aware of Belinda’s dilemma, took an unholy delight in the situation she had landed herself in. “I see what it is,” he said, in tones of chagrin. “You are not allowed, in your position as distant connection of the family, to invite a guest. Are the Sayres so high-in-the-instep?”

“Of course they are not!” cried the Honorable Belinda.

“Then it must be myself who is an unworthy guest?” prodded the Duke, trying to look wistful and put-upon. He must have succeeded, for Miss Sayre was understood to say that, for her part, she would be very pleased to welcome Mr. Random to Sayre Court whenever he chose to present himself.

The Duke hastened to secure the territory he had won. “Then I may do myself the honor of waiting upon you as soon as I can correct the deficiencies of my wardrobe?”

“Yes, of course!” said the beleaguered Belinda, with the feeling she had been outmaneuvered.

Once again, the irritating creature grinned at her. “Thank you! At that time I shall endeavor to explain to you the rather odd circumstances in which you found me—”

“That will be quite unnecessary,” interrupted Belinda. She was already fabricating plans for explaining his presence to Dittisham, but took time to raise her brown eyes to his face with a smile that would have done credit to a dowager hostess of the ton. “Why do you not bring your fiancée with you, sir?” she asked graciously. “She resides, I collect, in the district?”

The Duke, becoming momentarily more enchanted with his future wife, was at pains to admit that, yes, his fiancée resided in the district, and that he hoped indeed that she would be with him when he called at Sayre Court.

These civilities concluded, the couple found strangely little to say to one another as they approached the boundary of the Home Woods. Belinda was hoping that no employee of the Earl would see her with her raffish companion, for they had all known her from a child, and felt privileged to make impudent inquiries into her actions. The Duke, for his part, had begun to wonder just how long it would take to get his portmanteaux and his valet down from London. What with one thing and another, the abstracted pair walked so slowly that Ben, a most sagacious and long-suffering beast, was finally constrained to nudge his master quite sharply. Since he nudged him toward Belinda, the gentleman blundered against the lady and was compelled to throw his arms around her to prevent her from falling. This position was found to be unexpectedly comfortable by both parties, and after a long moment of staring rather foolishly into one another’s eyes at close range, it seemed the most natural thing in the world that they should place their lips together.

A satisfying interval later, the Duke lifted his head. He was feeling dazed. He had kissed some of the most beautiful women in Europe, and been kissed by them in return, but not one of those admittedly pleasurable embraces had had the effect upon him of this simple pressure of lips. He had never experienced this tingling of every nerve in his body, this swelling sense of joy, this really remarkable hunger for more of the same pleasure. By God! thought the Duke joyfully, I had no idea how soft and sweet a woman’s lips could be! And he looked at the soft red mouth, lost in wonder.

Under that bemused stare Belinda felt color rising in her face. For a timeless moment she had felt quite dizzy and wondered if she were going to swoon and miss the rest of this enchanting procedure. Her eyelids closed over the brown eyes. Unlike the Duke, she was not dazed. When they had kissed before, it had been a discovery, but this second kiss was much more. It came with such a sense of rightness that the shock of it sharpened Belinda’s whole life into focus. That the man was promised to another, that she herself faced an arranged marriage, became at that moment irrelevant to the feeling of wholeness, of fated completion, which the touch of mouths had announced. She opened her eyes and looked, as if for the first time, at the man’s face. Golden locks fell casually across a tanned forehead; clear gray eyes looked out at her from beneath sun-bleached eyebrows. A haze of dark golden beard glistened on his unshaven cheeks, but that did not in the least put her off. An arrogant straight nose, firm, well-cut lips, and a strong jaw completed an attractive male countenance, one schooled to self-discipline, the girl realized, and accustomed to keeping its own counsel. Belinda’s gaze returned to the gray eyes, trying to read the man’s nature and character. It seemed to her that although he was a stranger she had known him forever.

She thought, with a new wisdom she did not question, that the sense of recognition she felt must be love. She was, however, enough her grandfather’s pupil to understand the nature of an obligation. The man had confessed to a contract with a local girl. In her own case, there was still the agreement between the Duke’s father and her own. Such commitments must be honored; she had grown enough in the past week to understand that. So this walk through the woods, with the sunlight slanting tenderly through the green leaves and all the delicate scents of summer in the air, could well be all she would ever have—an hour out of time. It did not occur to Belinda that the man might have experienced a blaze of enlightenment similar to hers. She said, very softly, “I would like to kiss you once more—for farewell, Peregrine Random,” and put her two small hands gently on either side of his face and drew it down to her lips.

The Duke accepted the embrace as though it were an accolade, holding his leaping senses in iron control and keeping his arms at his sides.

Belinda drew away. “Please bring your fiancée when you come to Sayre Court,” she said. “She will be welcome.”





Chapter Twelve



Belinda made no effort to get in touch with Peregrine Random in the following three days. She knew she must come to terms with the extraordinary feeling she had for the wayward gentleman before she met him again. In accepting the fact that no future was possible with him there was pain, but the sense of sweetness in knowing that he existed in the world, and was well and happy, seemed to balance the feeling of loss.

Perhaps, she thought hopefully, I am growing up?

The new feeling of maturity and calm renunciation was rudely challenged on the third day, however, when the hubbub which inevitably heralded the arrival of the Earl brought her posthaste from the dining room into the central hall. Her grandfather, looking dusty, haggard, and angry, was demanding of Dittisham if Miss Belinda was still in residence, and being quietly assured that she was, when his eye lighted upon her, and the fierce old countenance assumed a reddish hue.

“There you are, Miss! No apologies for the bother and embarrassment you’ve put me to? No compunction for Lady Freya’s distress, or the Tulliver’s consternation?” He flung the riding coat in the direction of one of the footmen, his hat toward another, and his gloves, with remarkable restraint, he handed to the waiting Dittisham. “Well, Miss? Cat got your tongue?”

The new Belinda went toward him in a little rush and clasped her arms around his lean, upright body in a tight hug. Under her hands, she felt him tremble, and her heart was pierced by love and remorse.

“Dearest Grandy, I am so very happy to see you again! Do come in, and let Dittisham bring you something to play off your dust! You look as though you had ridden hell-for-leather all the way from London!”

“Fine language for a well-brought-up young lady,” blustered the Earl, but the sullen red was fading from his cheeks, and a tentative ghost of a smile tugged at his lips. He peered down into the lovely face raised to his, noticed the absence of the signs of grief he had dreaded to see, and with a feigned reluctance put his own arms around the laughing girl and kissed her on the cheek. “Playing the old man up sweet?” he challenged. “Well, Puss, better open the budget at once, and confess what fresh mischief you’ve been up to!”

“I have been most circumspect,” protested the girl. She led him by the arm into the library. Settling him in his favorite chair, she nodded to the relieved Dittisham. “I’ll be bound His Lordship hasn’t broken his fast today, rushing pell-mell from the City to rescue me from God knows what! Ask Mrs. Mayo to send in a cold collation—”

“ ‘Cold collation’!” uttered the Earl in scathing accents, then grinned reluctantly at the two beaming faces before him. “You are a minx, Puss!” he complained as Dittisham bustled away to carry out his duties. “Why did you leave me? And more important, have you come to your senses?”

“Oh, yes!” The new Belinda forced herself to hold her temper in check at this unflattering if accurate question. Then, to divert his attention she informed him that the gypsies were back in the Home Woods. “You’ll be enjoying some excellent brandy with your dinner tonight.”

“Don’t try to put me off with gypsies and run brandy,” snapped the Earl, sniffing a diversion. “What new imbroglio have you gotten us into?” A horrid suspicion struck him. “You haven’t been encouraging some local beau out of spite?”

Belinda decided that her grandfather’s uncanny perceptivity would have gotten him hanged as a warlock a hundred years earlier; it was deuced uncomfortable now. Seeing the growing alarm on his face, she attempted to make a recover.

“Local beau, Grandfather? You know the roster: Squire Highcastle’s oafish heir and Cleo Mannering’s red-headed brother! Which of them would you choose as a husband for me?”

“Neither, Miss, since you are already promised—” began her irate grandparent with parade-ground volume. Then he seemed to shrink a little. His voice, when he continued, was lower and, to Belinda, pitifully milder. “No, child, I’ll not force that issue upon you again. Romsdale’s behavior has been such as to disgust any person of sensibility.” Then, catching a certain well-known set to her lovely chin, his glance sharpened. “The Duke has not waited upon you here, has he?”

Belinda shook her head. “No, he has not. But I have been thinking that my behavior was equally reprehensible. I behaved like a hurly-burly miss, rather than a Sayre. Running under fire! A craven performance!” She drew a steadying breath. “Perhaps we might endeavor to patch up the business—?”

The Earl frowned portentously. “You are telling me that you would be willing to forgive and forget—to swallow that fellow’s insults . . .? I had not thought it of you, Belinda.”

“I have come to believe that I acted like a spoiled and willful child,” confessed Belinda.

“And Romsdale behaved like an insufferable popinjay!” shouted the Earl, his loud, clear tones augmented by his sense of outrage.

It was perhaps less than fortunate that Dittisham had just opened the door and now announced, “His Grace the Duke of Romsdale!”

Belinda, shocked at the shattering possibility that His Grace had heard the Earl’s comment, was still entertained by the horrified expression on her grandfather’s face. She so far forgot all sense of decorum as to succumb to a desire to giggle. But when a tall, elegantly groomed gentleman entered the room on the heels of Dittisham’s announcement, all impulse to laugh suddenly evaporated. For the visitor, point-device in the latest fashion, his blond hair attractively arranged, his handsome bronzed face imperturbable, was none other than Mr. Peregrine Random of the Open Road!





The Earl, having no knowledge of the meeting in the Home Woods, recovered his aplomb sooner than did Belinda. His advance upon his guest was more belligerent than courageous. “Well, sirrah, what do you want?” he snapped.

My Lord Duke, recognizing the authentic Sayre tone and idiom, hid a smile and said suavely, “I have come, sir, to pay my regrettably tardy respects to my future wife. Also to apologize for behavior which was insufferable, rag-mannered, arrogant, and considering the charm and beauty of my fiancée—damned stupid. Is it too much to hope that you might forgive such a cloth-headed simpleton as myself, sir? And ma’am?”

This last was said with such a beguiling air that Belinda felt her heart thump in her breast. Her mind was reeling with surprise and conjecture. The man before her, however elegantly turned out, was far from the pompous popinjay she had supposed the Duke to be. Somehow the image of a fascinating haphazardly wandering Gorgio had to be united with the persona of a noble diplomat—and at the moment, Belinda was not sure she was capable of making the meld.

Her grandfather seemed better able to accept the metamorphosis. But then he had probably not seen Peregrine Random, and had only the Duke’s change of attitude to adjust to. The old man was walking toward the visitor with hand extended in welcome, his gust of rage as quickly burnt out as it had flamed up. He said, with a wry smile, “Bid ye welcome, Romsdale. It seems we may all have been hasty!”

To which the Duke, clasping his hand warmly, replied with obvious relief, “Or, in my case, delinquent, sir! May I venture to hope that Miss Belinda will view my suit with similar lenience?”

Belinda suppressed a gasp. This was carrying the attack into enemy territory with the same daring and dash he had exhibited at the wall several days earlier. Her thoughts awhirl, she yet realized that when she had time to catch her breath, she might find her affianced husband a very attractive man—or pair of men! Had he been aware of her identity when he saw her on the wall? Perhaps the disguise of poor relation had not for a moment deceived him? If so, his announcement to the gypsies of an arranged marriage . . . his talk of the girl to whom he was pledged . . . referred to her! He had known all the time. He had been entertaining himself at her expense! Belatedly she recalled the amusement in his face, the teasing note in his voice. He had been laughing at her for a gauche child from the start! Raising eyes in which a small flare of anger was beginning to sparkle, Belinda observed that even now a barely disguised amusement lit his eyes and tugged at the well-shaped mouth.

It was a challenge she was unable to resist.

“Grandfather, you are, I am afraid, the victim of a bare-faced deception. This—gentleman is running a rig on you. He is one Peregrine Random, late traveler with the gypsy band at present in Home Woods. You will remember I told you they have been here for several days? I have met Mr. Random twice. He thought me to be a poor relation of the Sayres. He made—advances.”

Frowning thunderously, the Earl stared from one face to the other. “Indeed? Is this so, sirrah?”

The Duke said formally, not smiling now, “Sir, may I urgently request the favor of five minutes private conversation with you?”

Giving him a long, cold look, the Earl said harshly, “It might be advisable. Follow me, Romsdale.”

Watching with a naughty grin as the two tall men stalked out of the room, Belinda hoped that the Earl would not be too hard upon the Duke and wondered just what the latter would find to say to excuse his masquerade. The thought of His Grace being compelled to explain and apologize so tickled her curiosity that she went out into the great hall and listened shamelessly at the closed library door, to Dittisham’s disapproval and the footman’s secret amusement.

Unfortunately she was unable to hear anything except the Earl’s voice raised in what she took to be anger. She eased the door open a crack. The Earl was in parade-ground form.

“—yourself ‘Peregrine Random’! If you had to travel incognito, Romsdale, that was a damned sickly nom-de-guerre! What kind of ramshackle game have you been playing with my granddaughter?”

The Duke, who had promised himself not to let the old tyrant ruffle his temper, was endeavoring to cling to this sensible resolve. “First I must admit that I behaved badly—”

“Correct!” agreed the Earl, too heartily.

Dane sighed. It was clear that the old stickler was going to exact his pound of flesh. The Duke spared an unkind thought for his difficult little love, who had deliberately pitchforked him into this mess. “I came down to Sayre Court to mend my fences, sir. I hoped I might persuade your granddaughter to accept me—”

“Under an assumed name?” snapped the Earl, who, as many a cursed-out subaltern had discovered, was awake upon every suit, and no man with whom to enter lightly into an argument.

Holding his temper with both hands, the Duke continued grimly, “I was convinced that I had behaved so offensively that Belinda would refuse me under my own name, so I—”

“Took the coward’s way out?” jibed the old autocrat, unforgivably.

The Duke received this low blow with a stiffening of his back. “I had hoped that I might, upon closer acquaintance, persuade Miss Belinda to consider my suit more kindly,” he replied in a voice even colder than the Earl’s had been. “If, however, I have offended you and your granddaughter beyond forgiveness, there is nothing left but to rid you of my presence with all dispatch. You have my word I shall not intrude upon you again!”

Belinda, following the conversation with increasing anxiety—for it had not gone at all as she had expected—now experienced panic. Bitterly she condemned herself for her folly in bringing up the question of Peregrine Random. Had not the Duke come in his proper person, offering apologies, making overtures toward better understanding, even toward the marriage she now ardently desired? Whatever had possessed her to act with such petty malice? Would she never put aside childish ways? Well, now she saw what had come of it. He was going, coldly in anger—the man she knew she loved. Impulsively she pushed open the door, almost hitting the white-faced Duke who was making his exit at that moment.

“No! You must not go!” Belinda cried, coming into the room in a rush.

“Miss Belinda,” the Duke acknowledged her between set teeth. “My apologies for any offense I may have given you, and for this intrusion.” He bowed formally.

“But it was not an intrusion, My Lord Duke,” Belinda pleaded, since I had invited you several days ago!”

“Under an assumed name,” interpolated the Earl, unwilling to drop that bone of contention.

“Grandfather!” Belinda protested. Now of all times, must he be so knaggy? I forbid you to insult my guest—”

“You forbid me!” gasped the Earl, outraged by what he saw as a betrayal from within his own camp.

They glared at one another, the girl’s delicate jaw set as firmly as her grandfather’s, brown eyes flashing anger into ice blue ones.

The Duke had witnessed this confrontation with strong disapproval. From the old martinet he had expected nothing less, but from Belinda—? What had happened to the charming, soft-voiced, pretty-mannered girl who had enchanted him in the wood, he asked himself, conveniently forgetting the rather acerb comments she had made upon occasion. He tried to break into the argument, but both the Sayres were in full flight of rhetoric and appeared to have forgotten his existence. Rousing to a fine fury himself, the Duke crossed the room and broke up the quarrel by the simple expedient of shouting, “Be quiet!” in a voice as loud as the Earl’s.

Into the shocked silence which followed this command, the Duke continued more quietly, but even more bitterly than the contestants.

“When I tried to discuss the matter of the arranged marriage with you in London, sir, my domineering sister took over the conversation. This time it is your belligerent granddaughter who has interrupted our argument. What has become of gentle, conformable womanhood? Can we men never be permitted to conduct a quarrel in peace?”

The old soldier was much struck by this point of view, and after a stunned moment, was understood to agree that a debate between gentlemen should not be interrupted by even well-meaning females. This remark was naturally highly resented by the one female present, who took instant exception to such a fanatical, rude, overbearing, and unfair decision.

The Duke’s patience, which had been sorely tried, snapped. Turning his shoulder to Belinda, he faced her grandfather with icy courtesy. “It may be possible to continue our conversation at a later date,” he said repressively. “In the meantime, sir, I have the honor to bid you good-day—and my compliments to Miss Belinda.”

Without a single glance at the girl, the Duke turned and strode to the door. This was swung open for his exit, Dittisham having been on the listen to the exciting goings-on within the bookroom.

A small silence followed the Duke’s departure. Then the Earl, pale and frowning, turned upon his granddaughter.

“Belinda!” he began in a voice of doom.

But the girl was not listening to him. Whirling, she ran into the hall and up the great staircase to her room, the door of which she slammed with extreme violence.

The footmen exchanged worried looks. Dittisham could not find it in his heart to rebuke them.





Chapter Thirteen



Belinda stood just inside the door of her room, fighting back the tears that burned in her eyes. How dared he stride from the library, deny her the opportunity to share in the discussion? Did it not concern her own future? She was at once angry, remorseful, and miserably unhappy—such a woeful mixture of emotions as she had never experienced before. Overriding all else was the fear that she had lost her chance of happiness with the Duke by her intransigent behavior. What had he said? That first his sister and then Belinda herself had interrupted him when he was trying to resolve the problem of the arranged marriage. Could she ever forget the look on his face when he protested, “—can we men never be permitted to conduct a quarrel in peace?”

The sense of what he had said suddenly struck her, and she began to laugh hysterically. Then, wiping her eyes, she set herself to thinking rationally about the hornet’s nest she had stirred up. Even if the Duke and her grandfather reached some sort of agreement over the proposed marriage, it seemed to the girl that she had tarnished the shining beauty of the occasion beyond repair. Could she ever restore the warmth and sweetness of his smile as he asked for her forgiveness and said she was charming and beautiful? With a bitter sob Belinda began to consider what she could do to reverse the situation.

Of course, after two such dismissals as she had given him, she might well have lost the Duke’s affection forever. Still, he had said he might talk to her grandfather later, had he not? Surely that meant he was willing to give the Sayres, grandpère et petite-fille, another chance?

It is to be feared that her chagrin at the heavy-handed manner in which she had dealt with the Duke’s peace overtures caused Belinda to lose some of her newly found maturity. It had been an object with her not to allow the Duke to see how powerfully he affected her, yet she knew now that she must at all costs avoid further wounds to his pride, however her own suffered. How could she give him a hint that she cared deeply, that she regretted her foolish comments about his nom-de-chemin? Hastily she tried to recall all she had been told about her prospective husband. He was intelligent, brave, a great negotiator, and very proud. Having already deeply insulted his pride, to which other facet of his nature could she best appeal?

Unbidden, the memory returned of the gentleness of his hands as they groomed her for the meeting with the gypsies. She had not chosen to think about that, for the close personal contact had been disturbing to her, suggesting as it did the actions of a lover or bridegroom. For a moment she allowed herself to consider how delightful it would be to receive and provide such intimate personal attention . . . on a regular basis.

She was forced to take herself firmly in hand. Stop daydreaming, Belinda! If you do not come up with a successful recover, you will have lost all chance of becoming the wife of His Grace the Duke of Romsdale. He is not the man to accept humiliating dismissals in stride. Not twice!

What then? Could she go to him at the Climbing Man and beg him to forgive her, to carry out the contract? She thought about that for a long time. The plan had a simplicity which appealed, and yet it was so final! For if he rejected her appeal, it was the end of the negotiations. It would be mortifying, also, even if he did not refuse her. Was her pride to weigh heavier in the scales than her life’s happiness? Getting up, Belinda paced nervously around her room. There was the matter of the attitude her action would create between them, the tone of their future relationship which would be set by her humble confession and appeal. Would the Duke value her less or more because of it? Belinda clasped her hands together in fierce anxiety. The most important thing in her life, and she had foolishly marred it! Could she set all to rights?

She sat down before her mirror and stared at the girl’s face within it. How could she seek to know so complex and sophisticated a man as Osric Dane when she did not even know her own heart and nature after eighteen years? She only understood, in this dark moment, that she could never outthink or outmaneuver this brilliant, worldly-wise man. Her appeal, if she dared to make one, must be on a level far more primitive than argument, pleading, or negotiation.

What then was left? Emotion. The heart’s true speech. Emotions changed, perhaps, but they were powerful if honestly acknowledged. Yet how could she go to this twice-rejected man and tell him she loved him? Would he not consider her a “schoolroom chit” who did not know her own heart from one day to the next. Worse, might he be correct in that evaluation?

Belinda squared her shoulders. An announcement of her feelings could be misunderstood or disregarded. What else had she to fight with?

The answer came to her as clearly as though someone had spoken to her. She had the Duke’s emotions. If in very truth what he felt for her was love, then it was to that emotion she must appeal. If love was there, it must be made to declare itself. But how? Surely she couldn’t just ask him if he loved her? Not after what had already happened, and not, surely, to a man of the Duke’s worldly experience. He could easily lie, to save her face or to salve his own pride. Either way would be so much less than the shining truth she sought. What then?

The Duke was a brave man, a man of action and daring. She must appeal to his chivalry, allow him to act as his character dictated. So: in what way could she arouse his protective feeling for her—if he had any? Hastily she ran over the precarious situations in which she might be able to embroil herself with some way of informing His Grace of her plight. A runaway horse would not only be out of character (she was an excellent rider), but difficult to warn him of in advance. Images of fire, flood, and earthquake appeared, only to be rejected. It was too much to hope that man or Nature would cooperate in such ways—and again the chief objection—how to inform the Duke that Miss Sayre was in danger of being burnt, drowned, or swallowed up in time for him to recruit his forces, find, and rescue her? It would be in keeping with the image he undoubtedly held of her if she were to run away again, yet how could she do so in a way which would ensure the Duke following her? At this point he would be more likely to consider it a good riddance!

And then the perfect scheme presented itself. A wide smile broke across the girl’s face. Of course! She got up, washed her face in cold water to remove the signs of tears, changed hastily into Prudence Oliphant’s cleaned and mended gray gown, and prepared to leave her room. At the door she paused, considered, and returned to pick up her reticule. She stuffed it with a bundle of notes from her drawer and at the last moment snatched up a crayon and a piece of paper. Then she slipped out of the house and headed for the Home Woods, praying that the gypsies had not yet left.





Chapter Fourteen



The Duke had returned to The Climbing Man in no pleasant frame of mind. Pliss, his valet, was surprised, though of course he did not show it, to see his master returning so early from the visit to Sayre Court. Excellent servant that he was, he knew what his master had been about that morning and expected that the acknowledged suitor for Miss Belinda’s hand would be invited to remain for a leisurely luncheon with his future wife’s family.

The valet read the signs clearly as his grim-faced master stamped into the sitting room of the private suite. Pliss was prepared to receive a blistering order to pack for an immediate departure. To his surprise, no such order was given. His master threw himself down into a chair and stared grimly at nothing. Pliss tenderly rescued the elegant chapeau and gloves from the table on which the Duke had thrown them and retired quietly to order a glass of brandy for His Grace.

Dane found himself in a quandary. For the first time in a very successful career he felt at a complete standstill—point-non-plus. Damn the girl! Why did he have to fall in love, like any greensick youth, with a hoity-toity, hot-at-hand little beauty whose temper was as nasty as her grandfather’s? You will be properly under the cat’s foot if you pursue this female, he warned himself. No need to rejoin the army! Your life will be a continued battle, day and night, with the warlike Belinda.

She should have been named Boadicea, or Matilda, the mighty Battle-Maid, he thought sourly. He told himself he was ready to forget the chit, return to London, and put the matter in the hands of his solicitors. If the Sayres were so unwilling to ally themselves with his family, by God they would whistle for him!

Strangely enough, the Duke made no move to implement this most reasonable decision, but moodily accepted a glass of brandy the invaluable Pliss was silently proffering. After a few moments the warming comfort of the wine a little restored his temper, so that when he became aware of the bustle of a coach arriving in front of the Climbing Man, and a few minutes later heard a knock on his sitting-room door, and the voice of one of the inn servants informing Pliss that a lady had arrived below who wished to be brought up to the gentleman’s chambers, he even found himself grinning a little. So she’d come after him, had she? The Duke squared his shoulders and prepared to be magnanimous.

To the Duke’s intense dissatisfaction, Pliss opened the door a few moments later to Lady Freya Goncourt. Dane rose to his feet, frowning. “Freya! What brings you here?”

“I am glad to see you, too, brother,” chuckled Freya, permitting Pliss to take her cloak and bonnet. “My luggage is being brought up,” she advised the valet. “Will you help my maid to prepare a chamber for me?” Then she turned to scan her brother’s face. “Not successful, then? Too depressing for you, dear Dane.”

“Freya!” gritted her brother, then, meeting her guileless smile, his clouded countenance broke reluctantly into a smile. “I might have known you couldn’t keep your fingers out of it! I suppose I dare not ask what shatter-brained scheme you have in mind to set all to rights!” Then, taking in her appearance, he gave a smile of genuine pleasure. “En grande tenue!” He made her a sweeping bow. “You should teach other ladies how to travel in a coach for days and arrive looking as though they had just stepped from the hands of their dressers.”

Freya smiled in response. “I thank you, brother-diplomat, but you shall not put me off with compliments, however delightful. I apprehend you have failed to persuade the little Sayre that you are the answer to her maidenly dreams?”

“How the devil did you know I had come here to do just that?” wondered her brother. “Say rather, however, that I’ve retreated temporarily from the battlefield to lick my wounds and count my losses.”

“As bad as that?”

“She’s a redoubtable little lass, the one our father chose for me,” admitted Dane wryly. I thought I had her secure, but her mischievous, ill-timed levity, her grandfather’s vile temper—to say nothing of my own!—put us into a fresh brangle,” the Duke confessed.

Freya’s eyes were quick to read his expression. A sigh of satisfaction escaped her lips. “You are—reconciled, then, to the marriage?”

The Duke strode to the window and stood staring out into the street below. “Reconciled? I begin to believe I must put it a good deal higher than that. You see, I met the girl with both of us playing Incognito—” and he proceeded to tell his sister the story of his pilgrimage.

When he had finished, Freya nodded with deep satisfaction. “Well done, brother! You’ve won the child’s heart as yourself rather than because of your title and wealth! ’Tis what I’d hoped for—”

“Do not crow too soon,” the Duke advised her. “At the moment, the state of the battle may be considered a temporary cease-fire, nothing more! And I am not sure I wish to resume so onerous a contest!”

“But you think Belinda is pretty?” probed Freya, after the immemorial manner of sisters.

“She is beautiful,” admitted Dane, in the time-hallowed manner of lovers.

Freya took a new tack. “I am inclined to agree with you, however, that she’s too young, a little silly, a spoiled rustic miss who isn’t suitable for a man of your age and experience. Not up to your weight—as Goncourt would have said,” she ended hastily, blushing under his shocked glance.

“Goncourt would never in all his aristocratic life have given utterance to such a crudity,” Dane advised her sternly. “I must caution you to mind your tongue, Freya, if that’s any example of your usual style of discourse.” Then he grinned. “You were trying to manipulate me again, madam! You’ll catch cold at that. I beg you will permit me to know my own business and my own mind—”

“And heart?” the woman asked softly.

“And heart,” agreed the Duke. “It’s too early to say what will come of this, but I find that I have made up my mine—with your help, dear Freya!—to stay in the field for another few days to see what parley and negotiation can do.”

“Spoken like a diplomat,” applauded Freya, laughing. After a moment the Duke joined her, wryly.





At this same time, Belinda was approaching the gypsy encampment. To her dismay, there was not a single man visible, and most of the horses were gone. The women and children were busy about their affairs, aware of the girl hovering at the edge of the clearing, but taking no overt notice of her. At length Belinda walked toward the fire and greeted the older woman who was stirring something in a great iron kettle.

“I am Prudence Oliphant,” she began with a pleasant smile.

A sharp voice spoke out behind her. “Oh, yes, the elephant,” sneered Lara. Belinda turned to face her.

“I have come,” she said, keeping her voice steady and calm with an effort, “to find out if any one of the young men would care to earn some money.”

“Doing what?” asked Lara unpleasantly.

“I think I shall wait to ask them in person.”

“You’ll have a long wait,” retorted the gypsy girl with satisfaction. “The men are all off running brandy.”

There was a concerted gasp from the women. The oldest one came quickly over to Lara and caught her by the shoulder, muttering a command in the Romany jib. Lara shook the old woman away angrily.

“Don’t tell me what to say!” she snapped. “I am The Whip’s chosen wife, remember? I will speak to this Gorgio mort as I please. What can she do? Who would listen to such as her?”

There was a quiet-voiced interruption. “Can I do something to help you, Mistress Oliphant?” inquired Quebracho, stepping down from his caravan and walking toward her. His wrinkled face bore a smile of welcome.

Belinda turned to the old man with relief. “I have a very special task I should like one of your young men to do for me,” she began. “If I might explain to you—?”

Courteously Quebracho led her to his van. All the women returned to their tasks except Lara, who flounced over toward the big, brightly painted wagon of the chief. Belinda accepted Quebracho’s help in climbing into his home-on-wheels. The old man offered her a chair. Belinda looked around her. Everything was clean and neatly ordered. There was a faint, spicy odor in the air, and fairly good light from two windows and the open door. The girl sat down with a smile for her host.

“I must tell you that I wish two things, for which I am willing to pay—this.” She opened her reticule and held out the neat roll of bills.

Quebracho bowed slightly but made no move to take the money. “I think you want three things,” he commented.

“Three?”

“Your two tasks—and silence.”

Belinda nodded. “Yes, that is chiefly why I came to your people rather than trying to get a boy from the village. First, I need to have a letter delivered tomorrow afternoon to The Climbing Man. Second, I would like to have the help of one of your young men to lead me to the old fisherman’s shanty at Spaniard’s Cove tomorrow at dusk.”

“I am afraid—” began Quebracho, frowning.

“Oh, I know it’s used to store the run brandy and other things,” she told him. “Everyone in the county knows that! You can tell your people that my plan has nothing to do with any of those—activities.”

Quebracho was looking so worried that the girl hesitated. Then her face cleared. “Oh! I think I have it! Is the hut full of kegs at this time? Well, that is awkward!” She paused, trying to read the dark, wrinkled face. “I am expecting to meet someone, late in the evening, and I wished to appoint some place where we might be sure of privacy for a few minutes.”

By Dadrus and Dai, thought Quebracho, what is the Earl’s grandchild wanting with a secret place of assignation? It seemed to him that he should not assist such a lunatic plan in any way, for the relationship between the irascible peer and the gypsies had been a long and for the most part amicable one, and he had no desire to betray such trust as the Earl had given the tribe. Taking a searching look at the lovely, determined face before him, the old man realized that there was little he could say to change the chavi’s mind. She did not know him, but he had watched her grow from a laughing, spirited child to this beautiful, willful young woman. He must try to protect her in whatever way he could. He stood a moment in anxious thought.

Belinda became conscious of his concern. The look he had on his face could have adorned her grandfather’s countenance at a moment when he was viewing her conduct with disapprobation, preparatory to giving her a piteous appeal or a sharp setdown—whichever he thought would influence her most. She smiled at him.

“I’m really not going to do anything my grandfather would disapprove of,” she said, hoping she was right.

His stern expression did not alter. “If you say so, Miss Belinda,” he murmured, unconvinced.

Her brown eyes opened wide. “You know—?”

“Yes. And I am thinking what the Earl will say when he learns of this escapade.”

“The person I am sending the note to is my affianced husband,” the girl confessed. “He is very angry with me now. Oh, he has cause! I am just trying to—to . . .”

Quebracho’s frown vanished. Even before he had discovered the real identity of Peregrine Random in the village last night, the gypsy had valued him as a true man and worthy companion of the road. From the style Romsdale had displayed, Quebracho knew he could handle himself well in a tight spot. Had he not dealt so smoothly with Lara as to prevent an open break with Anton?

“If it is the Duke you are to meet, I will help you,” he said.

Belinda exhaled. Was there anything this gypsy did not know? Still, he was willing to help. “Thank you.”

“Write the note you wish to have delivered. Then come here at dusk tomorrow evening. You will be riding?”

Rapidly the girl reviewed her plan. If there was far to go, it would be important to have her own mount. And the Duke was sure to ride to the appointment. “Yes.”

“When you come, I shall have a boy to guide you,” he told her.

“But where am I to go, if not to Spaniard’s Cove?”

Quebracho grinned slyly. “In quite the other direction, Mistress! You would not wish to be taken for a Preventive, I expect.”

Belinda smiled back at the old rogue. “No more than you would, Old One,” she said saucily.

Quebracho laughed.

“But I must know my destination, so I can name it in my letter,” she persisted.

It was her intention to wait alone for the Duke at the rendezvous, some coils of rope artistically displayed, a single candle burning, and to inform him that her captors had just left on an unknown errand, that she had managed to untie herself, and that she was everlastingly grateful for his daring rescue of her person—after which she fully expected he would enfold her in his arms for another of those embraces she found so delightful. She sighed with pleasure at the thought.

“The place?” she repeated.

“There is an old farm a few miles west along the coast. At one time the Earl’s bailiff used the barn as a storage for hay from the western fields. It has been abandoned for several years. I think no one would be likely to disturb you there.” His expression became somber. “The boy will not wait with you, for I fear your man may come fighting, and I would not have anyone hurt. Are you sure you wish to wait alone in such a ramshackle old building? There may be rats!”

Belinda was uncertain whether or not he was teasing her. She said with spirit, “Pooh! I am not afraid of rats—much! I shall light a candle.”

“Be sure you don’t burn down the barn,” Bracho chuckled. He had decided to follow the girl at a distance, and wait until the Duke arrived to be sure she came to no harm.

Then Belinda was thanking him gravely. He helped her down from his caravan and escorted her back to the edge of the Home Woods.

Neither of them noticed Lara lurking at the rear of the old man’s wagon.





Chapter Fifteen



The Random Gentleman and his sister spent the next day resting and conversing, catching up most agreeably on the great events and petty happenings of the last few years. They liked each other very well, for siblings, and found much pleasure in each other’s sharp wits. To add to their comfort, the cuisine at The Climbing Man was unexpectedly toothsome. It transpired, upon inquiry, that Mrs. Appledore had a cousin staying with her, an émigré, who was a truly remarkable chef, in spite of a temperamental disposition to fly up in the boughs at the slightest failure of his assistants to anticipate his needs and intentions. This evidence of foreign instability was regarded with tolerance, since the training he had had before his parents left France had made him something quite out of the ordinary for a small Cornish inn. Both Freya and Dane reveled in his skill, and he quite outdid himself with such knowledgeable and appreciative guests.

It was while reclining very much at their ease in the orchard behind the inn, blissfully dozing after a delicious luncheon, that a message arrived for His Grace the Duke of Romsdale. It was scrawled upon a scrap of rather grubby paper, and the hand was far from elegant. The spelling also left much to be desired. (Belinda had felt herself quite artistic at representing the style of the lower orders.) The note read:





Milord duk—. We have Mis Olyfant. If you ar wisfull to see her agen, you mus cum to the hom wood tonyt at moonrise with a hundred pounds for a ransum. Put it in the holo oke neer the old Farm wher you will find a note tellin you where Miss O is hid.

A friend





Dane passed the note to his sister without comment. She read it and turned to him with an inquiring lift of one slender eyebrow.

“An obvious ploy of Belinda’s,” suggested the Duke. A small grin tugged at his lips. “Romantic little wretch!”

“Well, you must admit it is a romantic ploy,” Freya said mischievously. “To bring you out in the moonlight, all aquake with fear for her safety, yet full of determination to rout her abductors!”

“Pure melodrama,” agreed the Duke. “I’m far from sure I should indulge the little rogue. If her grandfather catches us at such a romp, he’ll call me out on the spot. A very irascible old gent, the Earl!” He chuckled. “Still, it might be amusing. . . ‘tonyt at moonrise’—” A look of such tenderness shaped his lips that his sister stared with pleased surprise.

“You do love the little minx, don’t you, Osric? I had truly hoped that you might! She’s a darling, divinely pretty, and full of sparkle! She’ll never bore you, and with the proper guidance, which you can give her in the next few years, will make a most acceptable Duchess.”

“In spite of her deplorable spelling?” teased the Duke. “How can you have the barefaced effrontery to make such a statement after scanning this wretched missive? She’s more like to ruin my credit in every capital in Europe! Little hoyden!” But the expression in his eyes was more tender than Freya had ever seen there.

Being a wise woman, she made no further remark, not even to ask what he intended to do, although she was agog to know every detail. Instead she went to her room to let her maid prepare her for dinner.

The Duke repaired to his own bedroom. In spite of his initial amusement, he felt he should consider the proposed escapade carefully. He was less sanguine about the adventure that he had permitted Freya to assume. For one thing, there was no knowing how many, and what sort of persons his difficult little love had enlisted in her playacting. Also to be considered were the alarm and inevitable anger of the Earl when he learned of the charade. The Duke was not amused by that prospect.

“Little fool! She’s bound and determined to bring me into a confrontation with the old tyrant! And there will be The Whip to contend with, if, as I suspect, she’s recruited some of his people to aid her in this absurd game.”

The gypsy chief could prove a more formidable opponent than the romantic little ninnyhammer could ever imagine. She did not know of the severe lack of accord which had created a tension between Peregrine Random and The Whip—a deep-seated, natural antipathy which could never be peaceably resolved.

“Oh, damn the little wretch!” muttered the Duke, changing, to Pliss’s extreme displeasure, into the clothes he had worn while traveling with the gypsies. “If some of my friends in the embassies could see me now,” he informed Pliss, “how amused they would be!”

“Incredulous, sir,” amended the valet crisply.

“The Duke shrugged, unable to defend his conduct in donning masquerade to please a willful chit who had no idea of the risks she was causing them both to run.

He met Freya for dinner in the private sitting room of his suite. When he had listened for long enough to her admiring raillery at his costume, the Duke leaned forward purposefully. “I had better warn you, in case there is some hitch in this ridiculous charade, that the leader of the gypsy band, who bears the soubriquet The Whip, would as soon mill me down as look at me. His intended has been playing games to rouse his ardor, using me as the irritant. I will admit to you that I was happy to be able to walk out of the camp the other day without an open break.”

Freya had stopped smiling. “Perhaps the gypsies are gone? Dane, you must not engage in fisticuffs with this man in a dark wood! After all, it is his native habitat, while you—”

“Of course I won’t engage in fisticuffs—what a phrase!—if given any chance to avoid it! I don’t really anticipate that Belinda has tried to enlist him in her scheme. Still, someone besides myself should know where I am going tonight, and be able to send out after me if I’m not back in good time—”

Freya had become pale and sober-faced. “I believe you had better tell me exactly what is going on,” she said. “Under these circumstances, I am not all sure that you should indulge Belinda’s playacting.”

“I had the misfortune to best The Whip in a duel of wits when first we met—”

“Misfortune?” repeated Freya.

“As it now appears, yes. Had I permitted him to face me down, he would not have been left with this urgent need to prove himself superior in the eyes of his men. But I had to be the bravo-diplomat,” the Duke said bitterly. “I had to live up to my inflated reputation and Conquer All. Perhaps this will teach me a lesson.” He scowled. “The local Authority consists of one village constable whose most onerous duty is to keep an eye out for local poachers and strayed cattle. He is no match for even a gypsy brat, much less a determined and powerful adult.”

“Should we inform the Earl?” suggested Freya. “It is still early evening, and Belinda will not yet have left the Court—” She regarded her normally self-confident brother with concealed dismay. The battle was not yet begun, and the Commander was in poor spirits!

“Would Belinda forgive me if I revealed her romantic game to her grandfather?” Dane asked ruefully. “She would think me a very poor imitation of a hero, in such a case.”

Freya took a steadying breath. “You are underestimating yourself. The child has created an opportunity for you to rescue and claim her, thus putting an end to any further petty brangling about arranged marriages. In this way, all faces can be thus putting for you to rescue and claim her, thus putting an end to any further petty brangling about arranged marriages. In this way, all faces can be saved: the Earl’s, yours, and her own, with universal acclaim to the hero of the piece. Do not tell me you cannot bring off a simple raid and rescue—you who received citations for courage and daring after Waterloo?”

The Duke put up one hand. “Spare me that,” he requested, in so firm a voice that his sister held her tongue. After a moment’s reflection, the Duke said slowly, “It may be that Belinda has not confided in any of the gypsies. Or if she has, it may be just one of the youths—or the girl Lara. I cannot count, however, upon any of them keeping this jest from the whole tribe. The People love an artfully contrived jape—some devious trick acted out for amusement or gain. I may find the whole tribe arrayed against me when I come—and for sure I will return with no money left on my person. But that would be acceptable to me. I might even enjoy it. What must not happen is a serious confrontation between the leader and myself. Pride would compel him to carry such a trial to . . . to a positive conclusion.” He paused, already condemning himself for having been so open to his sister. Still, having gone so far, he must share the whole problem. “I should have to disable him, or permit him to disable me. An unpleasant choice.”

“If I came with you,” began Freya. “No, let me speak!” she insisted as the Duke tried to interrupt. “You could tell them that your sister had demanded to meet them all. It might become a social occasion? Perhaps if we brought wine, we might invite them to celebrate your engagement?”

While he completely refused to consider letting Freya accompany him to the Home Wood, the Duke liked her idea of making the occasion a celebration and had Pliss secure several bottles of the best French brandy host Appledore’s cellars could produce. Then he had a dozen bottles of ale added to the collection and requested Appledore to secure the whole in Ben’s saddlebags. For he had decided to ride to the rendezvous; Ben had saved his bacon more than once in the field and could be depended upon to help tonight if called upon.

So it was with lighter heart, and rather rueful amusement at his own behavior, that His Grace the Duke of Romsdale rode into the Home Wood well before moonrise that evening. It was the simplest of good tactics to pick a spot and settle in before the battle.





Chapter Sixteen



Belinda escaping early after dinner by telling the Earl she had a headache, had dressed herself carefully in her best riding dress, a deep blue velvet which set off her lustrous hair. It was modishly tight at her slender waist, and modishly full in the skirt, and it was frogged à la Hussar. She rejected the plumed hat which was supposed to accompany it, but kept her whip and gloves. A purse? No, she’d already given Quebracho all she had left of this month’s allowance. And well spent, she decided briskly as she prepared to slip out of the Court without attracting attention.

She was fortunate. The servants were at their own dinner, and the Earl would be drinking a glass or two of port in his library, a custom he had long enjoyed. Dull work sitting alone at table night after night when you withdraw, Puss, he had told her. In the event, Belinda did manage to escape to the stables without alarming any member of her too-devoted staff. Quickly she saddled her mare, Elba, and cantered off toward the Home Wood.

She had written the note telling the Duke that “Mis Olyfant” was tied up in the barn on the Old Farm near the highroad. This missive was to be left by Quebracho’s agent in the hollow oak at the crossroads—a familiar local landmark. Now all that remained for her to do was to find her guide at the encampment and follow him to the dilapidated structure from which she was to be “rescued” by Osric Dane.

Belinda mused upon the name of her intended as she gave Elba her head to find a way through the woods in the dusk. The path was wide enough and well enough defined, even in the fading light, for the sagacious little mare to be able to make her way. Osric Dane. She was forced to admit that she could not care for the name Osric. Dane was better, and of course Romsdale carried its full measure of ancestral dignity. What should she be obliged to call him? Suppose, she thought with an urchin grin, she called him Perry, just to remind the arrogant nobleman of his ragtag masquerade? Would he be angry? She shivered deliciously. There was so much she had to learn of her future husband’s moods, his preferences, his needs. . . . With a sigh of satisfaction she contemplated the years ahead, so full of mystery and delight.

Just before she reached the encampment, she was accosted by a slight lad in dark leather clothes and the familiar broad-brimmed hat. The youth’s face was darkened by charcoal. Belinda had heard from the servants at the Court that the smugglers often darkened their hands and faces at night so as to slip past the prowling Excise Riding officers.

“You have come to lead me to the old barn?” Belinda asked softly.

The lad nodded and, mounting a black mare, led the way stealthily through the forest. It was dark within the wood, and Belinda found herself completely disoriented. It seemed to her that they were proceeding south rather than west—still, she had not come this way before and had really no idea where the abandoned barn was located.

At length the horses moved out of the wood. When they had been walking across rough turf for several minutes, Belinda noted a lightening in the sky to the east.

“We are here,” announced the gypsy youth, indicating a dilapidated-looking structure huddled among dark, looming rocks. Belinda hardly glanced at it. With a sense of surprise she found herself looking at a calm ocean gleaming faintly in moonglow.

“I thought we were to avoid the fisherman’s hut? Quebracho said—”

“It is all changed,” the youth said huskily. “Get inside quick, Miss. I am to tie you up.”

The girl dismounted. “I do not wish to run afoul of the Free Traders,” she began, dubiously.

The youth had already dismounted and was leading both horses around to the rear of the hut. In a moment he was back, working at the lock on the heavy plank door. The door swung inward silently, well oiled. Belinda followed the slim figure into the dark, redolent interior. She heard the scrape of flint. A dull, small flame of light grew in one corner of the shanty, revealing the fact that almost the entire space was piled with kegs.

“I am sure you have mistaken your instructions,” Belinda began.

The youth, a dark silhouette between her and the soot-blackened lantern, was advancing toward her, a coil of rope in one hand. He dragged over a wooden stool. “Sit down, Miss. Don’t be afraid. I will tie the ropes loosely.” There was almost a sneer in the gruff little voice.

Head high, Belinda seated herself on the stool. “Get on with it,” she said coolly, offering her wrists.

Instead of tying them, the gypsy looped the rope around her body, binding her arms to her sides. The rope was pulled so snugly that it cut into Belinda’s flesh, but she scorned to voice an objection. When the knot was secure, the gypsy brought a long end up and tied it around Belinda’s wrists in a complicated fastening.

“That is very uncomfortable,” the Earl’s granddaughter said quietly. “It need not be so tight, surely? ’Tis a trick we play, only.”

Without replying, the gypsy knelt and bound her ankles. That knot was pulled painfully tight also. Belinda experienced a pang of alarm. The gypsy rose and stood, fists on hips, in front of the helpless girl.

“So, Miss Elephant, you are ready for your little performance. Scream, Miss! Bring your pretty man to your side! The Whip and nine of our best Roms are on the way here to move the brandy to a safer spot in the woods.”

“But it’s moonlight!” Stunned by the sudden hostility on the part of Quebracho’s courier, Belinda could only grasp at the idea of how dangerous for the smugglers such a moonlit transit would be.

“Needs must when the devil drives,” quoted the gypsy spitefully. “Not even a stupid exciseman would dream we’d try to move the casks tonight.”

“But what has that to do with—with Mr. Random and myself?”

“We’ve had word your lover is a Preventive, on the prowl.”

“That’s absurd,” snapped Belinda. “Mr. Random is no Preventive officer!”

“You’ll swear his name is Random, then?” sneered the gypsy.

“He is—a duke,” said Belinda fiercely. “You had better not try to harm him!”

“A duke!” There was a snort of mocking laughter as the gypsy turned away to check the smoking lantern. “He’s a Customs Riding officer, trying to worm his way into the tribe!” But Belinda was not listening. Something about the bending, graceful figure had caught her attention.

“You—you’re a girl!” she accused.

Lara came to stand in front of her prisoner.

“It took you long enough, Elephant!” Even under the film of charcoal, her features showed scorn. “We’ll soon see what The Whip has to say to your lover’s spying! He will catch you both here with the run cargo.”

Belinda felt a tremendous sense of relief. “The Duke won’t come here. He expects to rescue me from the Old Farm.”

“And why should he expect that?” Lara’s grin was a white slash in the darkened face.

“That’s what my letter said—the one Quebracho left in the riven oak. . . .”

Lara laughed. “But he can’t find it if it isn’t there, can he? A boy will tell him you are here, and lead him to you.”

“I cannot believe Quebracho would—”

“Who said anything about Quebracho? I’ve diddled that old fool, too.” Lara pulled a cloth from her pocket and whipped it around Belinda’s face in a crude but quite effective gag.

“Just so you don’t scream and warn your Gorgio lover away before The Whip finds him,” she taunted. Then, extinguishing the lantern, she slipped out of the hut. Before she closed the door, Lara said, “Kushti bok, mort! That means good luck!” A key grated, there was the sound of hoofbeats . . . then silence.





Chapter Seventeen



Dressed in his new riding coat, one of Stultz’s triumphs, and mounted on Ben, the Duke rode away from The Climbing Man in the dusk. His sister watched him from the window of her bedroom, smiling affectionately at the picture he presented. He had done the little Belinda proud, her gallant cavalier, and would surely satisfy her romantic young heart with his handsome face, fine carriage, and abundant charm.

The Duke, it must be admitted, was also convinced that he would impress his sentimental little love. He was resolved to be very gentle, very protective—and wondered with a rueful grin if she had also hired a bravo to let her hero demonstrate his mettle.

Still smiling, he reached the barn at the Old Farm whose location he had had Dolby, his groom, discover from the inn ostler well before nightfall. In the dusk he made a careful reconnaissance of the building and terrain and found no evidence of any recent habitation or current preparations for a dramatic encounter. He brought Ben into the barn and put him well out of sight in the farthest stall. The he essayed the rickety ladder leading up to the loft, found it barely climbable, and tested the flooring of the loft itself. It was in his mind that he might perch up there in a position to observe who entered without being noticed.

As the time passed, the Duke wished he had brought along the cigars he had at the last moment given Dolby to hold for him, thinking it would not do to warn the chit, or her supporting actors, if any, that he had already arrived by filling the air with the aroma of tobacco. He began to find the waiting a dead bore and was almost ready to climb down to investigate further, when one of the barn doors swung creakily open. At first the Duke could not make out who the newcomer could be. Then a lantern was lighted, revealing the figure of Bracho. The gypsy held the lantern above his head and called out quietly, “Miss Belinda? Are you here?”

A little qualm of unease stirred in Dane’s mind. Rising, he leaned over the edge of the loft. “She is not here yet, Bracho. Are you her accomplice in this little scheme?”

Quebracho relaxed when he heard the note of amusement in the big man’s voice. “Yes, sir, I am helping the little lady play her game. I might have known you would not be taken in.”

“What is to happen now?” asked the Duke.

Quebracho stared up at him in the gloom. “She has not come to the camp. I was to lead her here, tie her up, and stay out of sight until you arrived, then slip quietly away. I thought perhaps she had ridden directly here.”

Dane’s feeling of alarm was stronger. “She did not come to the camp at the time arranged?”

The old man shook his head.

“Could you or she have mistaken the meeting place?”

“It is possible,” admitted Bracho. “She had first intended to go to the fisherman’s hut at Spaniard’s Cove—but I thought I had persuaded her to change her mind. Still, she might have gone there by mistake.”

“Will you tell me how to get there, and then wait here for her in case she has been delayed?”

The old man hesitated. “I would very much rather that it was I who went to the Cove, sir, and you who waited here.”

“What is this ‘sir’? Am I not your friend Peregrine?”

“I believe a part of that,” smiled the old man. “But I repeat, friend, let me be the one to go to the Cove.”

“What, and spoil the child’s scheme?” protested the Duke. “What a dastard it would make me, to hang back while you effect her rescue! Why do you hesitate?”

“Because tonight Anton and some of our men are moving the brandy from the hut to a safer, less conspicuous place in the woods. I would not have them discover you while they are engaged in that activity.”

“They might resent my presence,” agreed the Duke lightly, but his feeling of alarm was stronger than ever. What would happen to the girl if she were discovered by a group of Free Traders, nervous at the work they were doing, and quite likely to strike before asking any questions of an intruder? And even if they realized the intruder was a girl, would they accept that she was the Earl’s granddaughter and treat her gently? She had introduced herself to them as a poor relation of the Sayre family. Would that be enough to protect her?

The Duke made up his mind. Swinging down quickly from the loft, he walked over to where Ben was waiting. “Describe me this Spaniard’s Cove, Bracho. Perhaps, if I hurry, I can reach it and make sure she is gone before your men arrive. Are you sure this is the night? I had not thought the Gentlemen went about their affairs in bright moonlight.”

“It is because most people, including the Preventives, hold that very thought that The Whip has planned his move for tonight,” grinned the old man. “It would be quicker if you took the highroad back to the camp. There, get one of the boys to lead you to the Cove. Tell him Bracho sent you to help. I’ll wait here a little longer for Miss Belinda then meet you at the Cove.”

Quebracho congratulated himself on a clever solution. The boys in the camp would naturally offer all the delaying tactics possible, and Bracho would reach the Cove well before the Englishman.

They parted with mutual goodwill.





Chapter Eighteen



The Duke, very much on his guard, rode down the track toward the ocean. He had not been suspicious when, on arriving at the camp, he had found a grinning gypsy boy waiting to take him to the new rendezvous. The boy informed him that the lady had changed her mind, and that he had been detailed to conduct his honor to the Cove. The Duke had noticed, during the days that he had spent on the road with the tribe, that this youngster, a pert and cheerful rascal, had been frequently in mischief but never vicious or sullen. He was more than willing to accept the lad as his guide. They had struck out at once, the boy running ahead on foot, following a path through the woods.

The Duke set Ben to a canter, reflecting with some amusement on the undeniable pleasure the whole race took in a trick. The more fantastic and absurd the prank, the better the gypsies liked it. Especially if there was money to be made! The Duke wondered how much his devious little love had given them to enlist their support in this ridiculous espiéglerie of hers. It might be diverting to find out.

“How much did—er—Miss Oliphant pay you to lead me to her prison?” he asked, abruptly enough to disconcert a more seasoned campaigner than the boy.

The lad only chuckled as he ran tirelessly beside the Duke’s horse. “Oh, nothing, your honor!” he retorted. “It is reward enough to serve so pretty a lady!”

“Sauce!” said the Duke. “I suppose I must ask one of your elders and betters, if I would get a sensible answer.”

“Now that, your honor,” panted the child, keeping up so gamely that Dane in very pity slowed Ben to a walk, “puts me in mind of one of our tribal stories. Would you like me to tell it to you?”

Grinning, the Duke took a coin from his pocket and tossed it to the boy who caught it deftly.

“The story goes,” the boy began gleefully, “that a fine gentleman—as it might be your honor, sir!—asked twenty gypsies the same question, and got twenty different answers.”

“That is a story?” mocked the Duke.

“Not all of it,” chuckled the boy. “This noble Gorgio then asked one gypsy the same question twenty times—and still got twenty different answers!” He shouted with laughter.

“There is no doubt you were born to be hanged,” said the Duke, also laughing, “and I should know better than to ask even one question of your supple-tongued race. I am surprised that Quebracho sent such a devious guide.”

The small dark face turned quickly up to his. “Quebracho?” the boy repeated. After that he had nothing to say.

It was then that Dane became suspicious. It was a feeling he had learned to trust during the war, and later, in the course of negotiations with foreign agents. It was not always an infallible guide, but it had several times put him on guard in time to prevent a disaster or save a delicate situation. Yet when he tried to analyze it, he could discover no menace in the actions of the child. He was completely unable to accept that the gypsies had really kidnapped any member of the Earl’s household, no matter how distantly related. The old general’s writ ran strong in the county, as the gypsies knew, and in all England as well. Woe betide any man who harmed a member of that old fire-eater’s family! Why, then, this warning sense of trouble ahead? The Duke began to ask himself if he had been a fool to come upon this romantic errand without even so much as a pistol for defense. Well, perhaps forewarned would be forearmed!

He frowned and reined Ben in when he came in sight of the hut among the rocks. The cove, so effectively sheltered between high cliffs, was a perfect spot for smugglers—or for an ambush. The sturdy little shed had all the marks of a depot, with its well-contrived air of disuse and dilapidation. And yet—the moon, now well above the eastern horizon, gave so much light to the scene that one could not imagine any clandestine activity succeeding. The Duke could have seen at a glance if ten men were milling around on the beach. There was no one in sight. The Duke shrugged and followed his guide toward the hut.

“I’ll hold yer groi,” offered the child, too eagerly.

“Ben doesn’t take kindly to strange grooms,” said Dane quietly. “He might savage you if he thought you were playing me false.”

“I would just hold him ready for you while you unlocked the door.”

The Duke rode right up to the heavy wooden door and bent to examine it. “There is a heavy padlock here. Do you not have the key?”

“No,” the boy admitted. “Didn’t she give you one?”

“She?”

“I mean—Quebracho.”

Before the boy could move, Dane was out of the saddle and had him firmly by the shoulder. “I think we had better get this straightened out,” he said softly. “And I am not asking you twenty questions! I am telling you to give me a few true answers to this wild-goose chase. Why is the hut locked? Is the Earl of Sayre’s granddaughter inside? Have you Roms harmed her?”

After the last questions, the boy’s face, which had been set in stubborn lines, suddenly appeared surprised.

“The old Tartar’s grandchild? Oh, no, we’d none of us mess with her! There’s only that silly mort who works in his kitchens, that came to see you one day at the camp—”

“That,” said the Duke grimly, “was Miss Belinda Sayre, the Earl’s granddaughter. I am asking you for the last time if she is locked in this hut, and if you have the key?”

Shock had driven all the mischief out of the boy’s face. “No, sir, I haven’t! Lara told me it was only—”

“Lara! Good God, what’s she done to Belinda?” Loosing the boy, the Duke strode over to the door and wrenched at the lock. It was stout, and stoutly installed in solid oak. He looked around for a tool, a rock, anything to force it. The knowledge that the spiteful gypsy wench had maneuvered them all into this situation had shaken him. Congreve had said it: nor Hell a fury like a woman scorned— and Lara considered herself very much scorned. Not knowing the real identity of Miss Oliphant, the gypsy might have tried to do the other girl an injury. It must have seemed a perfect chance to get revenge upon a man who’d refused to play her little game—and in refusing, had left her open to humiliation in front of the whole tribe.

Frustrated, the Duke pounded on the heavy door. “Belinda! Are you in there?”

Man and boy waited, breath held, for an answer. For a long moment there was no audible sound, and then a pounding came dully through the wood.

“Hold on! We’ll have you out in a minute!” The Duke ran over to Ben and led him right up to the door. Stripping off his own long, fashionable neckcloth, he threaded it through the hasp and tied it in a hard knot. He tied the other end to Ben’s saddle. Mounting, Dane put the stallion into a slow pull. For an agonizing interval, nothing happened, and then the lock was wrenched out of the door. The gypsy boy cheered. Ignoring him, Dane dismounted, untied his neckcloth from the saddle and ran to push the heavy door open.

The inside of the hut was in total darkness. However, there was a muffled sound. The boy, hovering in the doorway, said quickly, “Bound to be a lantern here somewhere—smell it?”

“Get it,” ordered the Duke, getting out flint and steel.

In a moment they had the lantern lit. “Still warm,” the Duke said, and then he caught sight of the small bound figure of the Earl’s granddaughter, and all else left his mind. Thrusting the lantern into the boy’s hands, Dane reached the girl in two strides. He bent to undo the ropes which bound her, ordering the boy to bring the light closer. When nothing happened, he cast an irritated glance over his shoulder to discover the lantern reposing on the splintered wood floor and the empty doorway opening into the dark night. The boy was gone.

Smothering an oath, the Duke turned again to the business of freeing Belinda. First he removed the gag and was rewarded by a heartfelt rendition of his name. Both of them.

“Perry! Dane! I am so thankful to see you! You must leave me at once!”

Amusement warmed his eyes as he flashed her a glance before returning to the task of undoing the ropes. “If you are so glad to see me, in whichever role I am playing, why must I leave at once? Surely I may stay long enough to free you, little love, for I do not wish to insult Ben’s rigid sense of propriety by carrying off a bound and captive maiden upon my saddle—or perhaps it would be more accurate to say, his saddle.”

“Do not be a fool!” advised his little love severely. “I am trying to warn you that we shall be facing half the gypsy tribe within minutes—and they’ve been told you are a Preventive officer!”

The Duke’s body tensed, but he continued to unwind the rope. “Is this so, indeed? Who can have given The Whip that particular piece of information?”

“Lara, herself, I should think—but where she got it, if not fabricated from sheer spite or an overactive imagination, I have no idea! You have been riding with them for days, have you not—masquerading, playing least-in-sight—I suppose a Customs Riding officer might have done something like that, to trap them at their smuggling. Why did you do it?”

“I enjoyed the freedom from responsibility,” admitted the Duke. “Also I had to give myself some excuse for seeking out a maddening, autocratic, hot-tempered little wretch who has a habit of fleeing before a frontal approach—”

“You came down to Devon just to see me,” breathed the girl.

By this time the Duke had freed her from the rope and was assisting her to her feet. From some cause, either that her muscles had cramped from the long confinement, or that she suffered a sudden weakness of the nerves, Belinda found it expedient to lean against the broad firm chest of her rescuer. At once two big arms took her in a comforting grasp. This position suited Belinda more than she would have believed possible. She discovered a strong reluctance to detach herself from His Grace’s firm grip. Fortunately, the Duke also displayed no eagerness to let go of his fragrant burden, and they stood closely clasped for some minutes. A belated sense of propriety moved the Duke to release Belinda and move a little away from her.

“Darling!” said the Duke, a trifle thickly.

“Darling!” answered Belinda, with a shocking lack of originality.

Where this pedestrian dialogue might have led can never be known, for at this moment there was a flurry of footsteps to the doorway and the voice of The Whip sounded in their ears.

“So we’ve caught you, have we? And with your doxy, by God!”

The Duke whirled, placing Belinda behind him, to find the doorway crowded with gypsies whose fiercely intent eyes held an utter absence of cordiality. “I am here with a member of the Earl’s family—”

“Aye, we’ve heard that one,” jeered the Whip crudely. “Now maybe you’ll tell us what such a fine lady would be doing huddling with a bloody exciseman?”

Belinda chose this moment to come out from behind the protection of the Duke’s big body. There was a visible widening of dark eyes at the sight of her, even in the uncertain illumination of the lantern. Her hair glowed like guinea gold, but it was the expensive elegance of her velvet riding habit which opened the gypsies’ eyes.

“I am the Earl’s granddaughter,” Belinda announced, for she had realized that her punctilious lover would never be willing to bandy her name and proper station about in a smugglers’ den. The Whip gave a scornful laugh, but his men muttered and shuffled uneasily.

“You expect us to believe that?” jeered Anton, but there was doubt in his voice, and the beginnings of angry frustration. “Then my question stands, what is such a one as you claim to be doing in secret with a Preventive? Or shall I tell you?”

Dane growled deep in his throat, but the girl continued quietly, facing the silent gypsies rather than The Whip, “I assure you, men of Quebracho’s tribe, that I am in truth Miss Belinda Sayre, granddaughter of the Right Honorable James Henry Darell ffoulkes Sayre, seventh Earl of Sayre and Wendover, your host in these woods for fifty years.”

The Whip had hardly taken his eyes from the Duke, but he addressed Belinda with a sneer. “Do you tell me your noble grandfather condones your secret meetings with such raff and scaff as this exciseman who is hiding behind your skirts?”

The Duke stretched out one long arm and moved Belinda away from him. “Do not trouble to bandy words with this scum, Belinda. Mount my horse and ride home at once.”

The Whip’s laugh grated loudly. “Are you fool enough to think I’d let her run off and bring you reinforcements?”

“Do you intend harm to Miss Sayre?” snapped the Duke.

“No. When I’ve dealt with you, Preventive, we’ll escort the lady safely home to her grandfather.”

“And how do you intend to secure my silence?” challenged the girl. “I’ll see you all in prison—”

“Belinda!” roared the Duke, giving her such a glare as made her catch her breath.

Indeed, her threat had put a different kind of tension into the group. The girl ignored it as well as the Duke’s warning. “Quebracho knows I am here; Lara knows, for she led me to this place and locked me in. My servants know also—”

“Still,” mocked The Whip, “I think few of them would wish to spread the story of your presence here with this exciseman. They will wish to keep such a shameful escapade quiet, will they not?”

“This gentleman is not a Custom’s Riding officer,” the girl said quietly. “He is the Duke of Romsdale, and my affianced husband—as we told you when we visited your camp.”

Most of the gypsies had by now melted back from the doorway. They had not survived in foreign countries—and all countries were foreign to the Wandering People—by stirring up trouble with the ruling classes. Whatever the rights of this odd situation, it seemed to them that, first, this one man and girl if released, were hardly likely to constitute an official threat to gypsy freedom or the run brandy, the couple’s activities when first observed being of a totally different nature—and one they would be loath to flaunt. Second, they were both of that order which brooks no interference from less privileged persons. So with the wisdom of survival, they faded away from the danger and slipped through the woods to begin breaking camp. Anton would find a way to recoup their losses—it was the chief’s duty.

The Whip was not willing to abandon either his brandy or his chance to punish the insolent Gorgio who had given him so much trouble. A duke? Even a babe at the breast would see the absurdity of such a claim! What would a nobleman be doing riding the roads with gypsies, or poking his nose into a smuggler’s storehouse? He would choose a more comfortable place to bed his woman. The Whip, prey to strong and bitter emotions, was not in any case to think clearly. Lara had done her work too well. As had the Duke.

“There will be no crawling away this time for you, Gorgio. You will stay and take the punishment you’ve asked for. The woman may go or she may stay—to comfort the victor when I am finished with you—” he grinned the insult.

“She will leave at once. I shall see her mounted and safely on her way before I thrash you as you deserve,” said the Duke, icily.

This moment of high drama was a little marred by a duet of voices as two bodies strove to enter the doorway at one time. The tangle resolved itself into the persons of Lara and Bracho. Both were shouting at once.

The old man got in first. “Anton, this is not Miss Oliphant—”

He was interrupted by Lara, shouting, “—this is a Preventive, Anton, don’t let him trick you, he’s—”

“—the Earl’s grandchild. She plans to—”

“—arrest you for free trading—”

“—had a quarrel in London—”

“—that’s why he came spying and joined the caravan—”

“—he intends to marry—”

“—me,” finished Lara, having caught the gist of Bracho’s last comment and using it deftly, “and be the new chieftain!”

“Shut up!” roared The Whip.

The Duke had not lost his poise, although rage glittered deep in the cold, gray eyes. “That was a little confusing,” he agreed. “You should train your staff to make clearer reports. However, now that Quebracho is here, he can escort Miss Sayre back to the Court, while you and I finish our business.”

This sensible suggestion found favor with no one but The Whip. He advanced further into the hut, his black eyes fixed on the Duke’s face. Quebracho wore an expression of alarm, while Lara pouted with annoyance at the thought of being excluded from the scene of battle. Belinda, looking from The Whip’s avid grin to the Duke’s calm, unsmiling arrogance, tightened her lips. She was aware that the Duke was not best pleased with her interference thus far, and would probably have some pretty cutting things to say to her later, but surely it was too much to expect her to permit her newly acquired fiancé to be injured just to satisfy an incomprehensible and idiotic male ritual?

Quickly she glanced around the hut. There was no weapon at hand except the whip curled at the gypsy’s belt. Silently she took two unobtrusive steps toward the keg upon which the Duke had placed the lantern. Then, noting carefully the position of The Whip, she stooped, picked up the lantern, and brought it down in a sweeping arc on the The Whip’s head.

Instantly the interior of the hut was plunged into darkness. The Whip roared with pain and anger. The Duke called Belinda’s name in a voice resounding with equal anger. Lara screamed. Belinda cried out because the handle of the lantern had been very hot indeed. Quebracho shouted to them to get out of the hut before it went up in flames.

This piece of advice was seen to be sound, since already there was an acrid, oily smell, and several tiny tongues of flame licked across the wooden floor.

“Get out before the brandy goes off!” yelled Quebracho. The Duke groped for and snatched up Belinda, hitting her head rather sharply with his own as he stooped to pick her up. Eyes watering, he made for the lighter rectangle of the open door with her. Lara had skipped out at the first hint of danger and was hovering several yards away from the now briskly burning hut, shrieking imprecations on everybody.

The Duke stumbled over the sand away from the hut, calling Ben to him. There was a neigh of alarm from the stallion at sight of the flames. Then hooves pounded in the Duke’s direction. The Whip, staggering out of the shelter with a keg under each arm, tried to catch Ben’s reins, dropped the brandy, and tripped over it. The great horse reared and trumpeted, striking out vicious forehooves. The Duke called him again, and Ben leaped toward his master. Tossing Belinda up over the saddle, the Duke threw himself up after her. He grasped the reins and, springing the horse away from the hut to be out of danger, wheeled to check that Quebracho and The Whip had been able to get away also. As he peered toward the flaming hut, the brandy kegs caught and exploded.

In the glare of light, the Duke was able to see that all the others were at least a distance from the flames, and running. Without another word, he wheeled the horse and put him to the path along which he had ridden earlier that night.





Chapter Nineteen



After several minutes of extreme discomfort, hanging with her head down on one side of Ben’s back and her legs on the other, Belinda ventured a protest.

“This is very uncomfortable, Perry. Do you not think we might stop and—and—”

The Duke, still silent, halted and pulled her, rather roughly she thought, to a seated position before him.

“Thank you,” offered Belinda meekly.

Still the Duke did not speak. Belinda began to have a fear that her champion might have resented her behavior in so summarily preventing the duel.

“He would not have fought fairly,” she said, low-voiced. “And he had a weapon, while you had none.”

“I shall discuss this with you later, Belinda,” said the Duke sternly. “Now be quiet till I get us out of the woods. I wish to be able to hear if we are being followed.”

Feeling more miserable than she could ever remember, Belinda kept quiet for the next half hour. The bright moonlight was of some help to the Duke in finding his way, as it shone clearly through the trees and lighted the path except in the thickest groves. Finally Ben came out on the highroad. The Duke paused and stared around.

“We are within a mile of Sayre Village,” Belinda said quietly. “To the right.”

Still without speaking, the Duke turned Ben in the proper direction and put him to a canter.

Belinda began to feel very cross indeed. Well enough to enforce silence when they were vulnerable in the darkness of the woods, but here, on the road bright, with moonlight, where any hostile approach would be clearly visible, surely the Duke should be willing to talk and to listen? Did the man not care how she herself had fared in the confusion of the escape from the hut? She might have been wounded! She had been, it came to her, feeling the pain of the burn she had received in lifting the handle of the lantern. Wounded in his service, and he not even concerned! She settled herself into her own resentful silence.

Within minutes they were riding past the inn. His Grace did not hesitate, but went on to the gates of Sayre Court. The gatehouse was quiet, and the man did not pause to alert the sleeping guardians. Instead he headed Ben directly toward the Court itself.

In silence the riders arrived at the great entrance. The Duke lifted Belinda down and steadied her.

“Can you get safely in without attracting too much notice?” he said coldly.

“I can,” gritted Belinda.

“Good-night, then. I shall do myself the honor of waiting upon your grandfather tomorrow,” said the Duke, and turning to Ben, rode quietly back toward the highroad.

Within five minutes Belinda was in her own room, having entered by a side door and crept up the servants’ stairs. The bed, revealed in the light of a single candle, looked vastly enticing, but she had first to disrobe and tend to her burned hand. These tasks she accomplished quickly and at length crept into her bed with a sigh. After such a disastrous conclusion to her scheme for a romantic reconciliation, she had expected to lie awake—possibly weeping, for that was the present temper of her feelings—but within two minutes of touching her pillow, she was fast asleep.

The Duke was awaited at the inn. His groom lounged in the stable doorway, blowing a cloud from one of the Duke’s cigars. When he heard Ben’s hoofbeats on the highroad, Dolby hastily disposed of the butt and prepared to accept His Grace’s horse. The Duke had nothing to say, and, sensing his mood, Dolby dared say nothing. When the Duke approached the inn itself, Pliss was there waiting to open the door and conduct him to his room, where a beaker of hot coffee sat upon the hob beside the fireplace, and his night robe and a pitcher of warm water were prepared for his comfort.

The Duke undressed in silence, sipped the coffee, and then commanded, “You will call me at eight o’clock in the morning.”

Pliss nerved himself. “The Lady Freya is still awake, sir. She wished to be informed when you returned.”

“Inform her.”

“Will you speak to her tonight, sir?”

“No.”

Pliss escaped the room thankfully.





Chapter Twenty



The Duke’s silence, so puzzling and deflating to Belinda, was at first mostly chagrin at the minor and unheroic role he had played in the evening’s activities. Rather than rescuing a grateful and adoring girl, he had himself been rescued by her quick and reckless action in hitting The Whip with a lantern. This led to the realization that Belinda might have been injured or killed. The emotion he felt when he considered her rash behavior was not the complacent, slightly amused affection he had felt for a charming child-woman as he rode to the rendezvous. Instead he experienced a blazing anger at the impulsive, precipitate action which could so easily have resulted in serious injury for her, and this anger quite outweighed his resentment that she had usurped his role as the savior of the situation. The Duke struggled to keep his lips closed and his temper on rein during the long ride to Sayre Court, lest in his rage at her foolhardiness, he might do her an injury.

Even after his return to the inn, the chit safely delivered, his anger did not abate. When he thought of Belinda—and he found it impossible to think of anything else—he knew a strong impulse to turn her over his knee and give her a sound thrashing. How dared she risk her life in such a stupid, unnecessary imbroglio? Romantic rescue, forsooth! Involving a grown man in her silly fantasies! The Duke did not get to sleep until dawn was lightening the sky. And when he awoke, his rage, or whatever the uncomfortable emotion was, had not abated, but was, rather, exacerbated by his white night.

When Pliss ventured to wish him a good morning, he bit his valet’s head off and was so uncivil to Freya that she gave him a thundering setdown. This did not serve to soothe his temper, and he departed for Sayre Court in a towering rage. Freya, watching him ride off this time, was gloomily convinced that something had gone very wrong with the romantic rendezvous, and that, in his present mood, he would assuredly ruin his chances for a reconciliation with the girl, to say nothing of her irascible progenitor.

The gatekeeper at Sayre Court did not challenge the Duke but bowed him through as though he had been expected. The approach to the great house was thought by connoisseurs to be particularly fine, but Dane had no eyes for sylvan glens, ornamental waters, or splendid plantings. Instead he stared ahead, absorbed in his own thoughts, allowing Ben to set his own pace through the golden morning.

Thus he was completely unprepared when a thin, vicious lash snaked out from the trees. It was aimed to circle his neck and pull him to the ground. Ben, however, not so bemused as his rider, sensed the attack from ambush, and leaped forward and to the side. The tip of the lash, instead of encircling the Duke’s neck, cut deeply into his cheek.

Ben was already at full gallop, most properly removing his master from the site of ambush, but the pain of the cut, now bleeding profusely over the Duke’s impeccable linen, released his demons. With a growl of fury, he pulled Ben about and charged the point of ambush.

Had Anton had two whips, the affair might have ended differently. While he was hastily recoiling his weapon, the maddening aristocrat was in front of him, bellowing insults.

“Come out, you sniveling coward! Show your front, you hedgehopping, back-stabbing craven, and I’ll mill you to the ground!”

Such an invitation was not to be ignored. Snarling with rage, The Whip lunged into the road, all weapons forgotten save the primitive, original, most deeply satisfying ones.

It was a noble, an epic, encounter. Years later, recalling the fight with the wistful pride which comes with healed wounds and decreased ability, the Duke would wish that there had been a witness to the event, some knowledgeable bard who could have described the mighty blows given and received, the wily attacks and skillful counterattacks, the feints, the doublers, the trenchant hits and magnificent recovers. At the time, however, the Duke was too busy trying to kill his opponent before he himself was killed, to appreciate the science, skill, or pure savagery of the encounter.

Within a quarter of an hour the antagonists, bleeding, battered, and gasping for air, faced one another across two feet of open ground.

“Had ’nuff?” panted the Duke, wiping blood from his face for a clearer sight of his enemy.

“No,” grunted The Whip through smashed lips.

“Good,” gasped the Duke. How he was going to get his battered hands up and into action again, he had no idea. But the will was still there.

“—kill you—!” promised The Whip, glaring through two blackened eyes. Then he collapsed very slowly, first to his knees, then prone upon the road.

“Well done,” admitted the Duke, thickly, through numb lips, yet ever the sportsman. Then he called for Ben and leaned against the warm, steady flank until he could gather the strength to mount.

His arrival at the Court caused a considerable stir. The butler and all four footmen rushed out to aid the injured guest.

“My Lord Duke!” groaned Dittisham. “Who has done this to Your Grace?”

Fellow’s down in the road,” Dane managed, through puffed lips. “—get him to gypsy camp—they’ll take care of him.”

Tenderly Dittisham helped the wounded man inside, got him seated, and, sending one footman for Doctor Mannering, dispatched another to fetch clean cloths and water and a third to inform the Earl his guest had arrived. “Though how we shall make you presentable, Your Grace, I have no idea.”

The Duke indeed offered a shocking appearance. His shirt was soaked with gore; his coat, which in the heat of anger he had neglected to remove, was torn and split; his face and hands were rapidly swelling and darkening. Dittisham instructed a fourth footman to send a groom to The Climbing Man, there to request a complete change of clothing from His Grace’s valet, but the Duke countermanded that order.

“Don’t wish to disturb m’ sister,” he enunciated carefully. “Besides, m’business here will be brief.”

These ominous words caused Dittisham, who, like all the servants, had a very accurate idea of what was going on between their mistress and this London swell, to experience a Sinking Feeling. Had the noble suitor lost his ardor? Dittisham was compelled to admit that his wooing had been, for the wooer at least, a stormy one, and that this latest setback would be enough to discourage all but the most lionhearted of swains.

While he was gently wiping the worst of the bloodstains from the ducal brow and cheeks, and tutting over the gash The Whip had cut on one cheek, Belinda and the Earl entered upon the scene, she from the stairway, he from his bookroom.

Belinda was first to the Duke’s side. Kneeling beside the chair in which Dittisham had placed him, she stared at his face with grief and pity.

“Oh, my dear heart, have I caused this to happen to you?” and bowing her head in remorse, she clasped and held a corner of his coat, fearing to touch the injured hands.

The Earl, catching sight of the battered features, was not appalled. He had seen much worse damage in his time, and began by asking the Duke, on a regrettably jovial note, how his opponent had fared. The Duke rose to this, and was understood to say that he’d left him flat on his face in the road, from which place he had better be removed before someone drove over him.

Belinda, affronted by this levity in the face of the Duke’s injuries, told her grandfather pretty sharply to bring Dane a glass of brandy. Dittisham had already seen to this essential restorative, and the girl was able to put the glass to Dane’s lips most tenderly. He drained it and it seemed to put new heart into him, for he sat up and requested the Earl to grant him a few moments in private.

This did not suit the girl. She rose from her knees and followed the Earl and the Duke (supported by Dittisham and the strongest footman) into the bookroom.

“This is beyond anything foolish!” she began, shocked quite out of decorum by her fears for the Duke. “He should be lying upon his bed, attended by a physician! Where is Dr. Mannering? Has he not been sent for?”

“Quiet, Belinda,” warned her grandfather. “Dittisham has sent round for him, I’ll be bound. Now leave us child, until he comes.”

Belinda set her chin stubbornly, and got a firm grip on the Duke’s sleeve. “No,” she said firmly.

Dane, for his part, was feeling like a man who has just endured a brain-loosening, cheek-splitting, body-shattering passage at arms with a more than worthy opponent—in other words, he was in no mood to observe the niceties of civil behavior. He was also deeply embarrassed at having to present himself to Belinda in his blood-spattered state—for not having seen the Whip, she might be supposed to think that the Duke had gotten the worst of the encounter. And after his airy assumption of the heroic role, it was deflating to be compelled to display himself in such a guise. For these and other reasons—his head was aching so badly his eyes felt as though they were crossed—the Duke’s patience, never his strongest suit, and now, God knew, tried beyond endurance, snapped. Detaching his coat from Belinda’s grasp, he rose unsteadily to his feet and faced the Earl with a military stance.

“Sir! Permission to speak!”

“Granted!” agreed the old General, recognizing the gambit.

“Request permission to deal with my future wife as I see fit. Sir.”

The fierce old eyes peered out from under the bushy brows, took the measure of the man, and replied crisply, “Granted.”

The Duke turned, staggered, then seized Belinda firmly from behind by her arms and propelled her before him to the door. This was opened for him at the correct moment by Dittisham, who had been anxiously listening from the hall. The Duke and his unwilling companion passed through without pause, let, or hindrance. Under the fascinated eyes of the footmen, the Duke deposited the furious girl at the foot of the stairs.

“Go to your room, Belinda! I shall talk to you later,” ordered her arrogant lover. Then he turned about and made his way back to the library and if his step was not as steady as it might have been, at least his shoulders were held straight, and his head high. He closed the door after him with a firm snap.

It was a thrilling exit. The flame of outrage faded from the girl’s cheek and a reluctant smile softened her lovely features.

“May I offer you my sincere congratulations, Miss Bel?” said Dittisham in a reverent voice. “If I may be permitted to say so, there goes a Nonpareil!”

Belinda chuckled. “I believe I shall find him adequate,” she said softly. Dittisham and all the footmen joined in her laughter.





THE MARRIAGE MART





Elizabeth Chater





Table of contents The Marriage Mart

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16





1



To say that Sir Umphrey Long was a nodcock, as his wife’s mother frequently did, was perhaps too severe. His understanding was just sufficient to get him through his life as a country squire without serious entanglements or difficulties. He was a big, handsome man, universally liked for his cheerful good nature.

His wife, Dulcinia, a feather-brained female, had been as pretty as she could stare, and had had, within a month of her come-out, several flattering offers. “Fortunately,” her Mama often said.

Dulcinia chose Umphrey, and had, in due course, two sturdy sons the image of their Papa, and a daughter even prettier than her Mama. The exasperated Grandmother was often heard to remark that they were all beautiful, all cheerful, and all abysmally stupid. This unnatural acerbity upon the part of so fortunate a grandparent was not resented by the good-natured Longs, who admired Lady Delia’s rapier wit even when they were its target.

And then a fourth child was born, a daughter. Dulcinia, whose favorite governess had once given her a book on Greek mythology (possibly the only book Dulcinia ever read), had intended to call her fourth child Theodora. After a few puzzled looks at the solemn little baby, she changed her mind.

“She is different,” Dulcinia ventured to her doting husband and her long-suffering mother.

Umphrey took a closer look. “Well, my dear, she doesn’t look like my side of the family—nor yours, for that matter,” he added, assessing the thatch of black hair and the tawny-brown eyes. “Aphrodite, Achilles, and Jason have golden hair and bright blue eyes, like yours, my dearest love. They also have bigger noses and smaller mouths than this baby. But we shall love her just as dearly as though she were beautiful like Aphra and Killy and Jase,” he said gently, putting a comforting large arm around her shoulders. His wife accorded him a doting smile.

His mother-in-law took a closer look at the huge, golden-brown eyes which were staring at her with the cool intensity of a well-bred kitten’s. A reluctant smile tugged at Lady Delia’s lips.

“I like this one,” she said decidedly. “She’s got presence! Possibly even brains. She looks like my father.”

Umphrey and Dulcinia appeared worried, but since Lady Delia made no further comment, they were soon happy to forget the odd remark about brains.

It was only as the little girl, called Athena at her grandmother’s request, grew into a quiet, intelligent young woman, that her worried parents perceived that they had produced a changeling. Where her amiable siblings had to be hauled and pushed into learning to read, write and cipher, Athena Long could read at five, and write a legible hand at six. Her alarmed parents, nobly refusing to assign blame to the Scottish governess Lady Delia had provided, informed her ladyship of the result. The grandmother, skeptical about the reports of the prodigy, came to scoff and remained to praise the brilliance and directness of the child’s mind. Athena took to learning as an eaglet takes to the shifting currents of the sky—with joyous competence.

For the next twelve years, Tina Long expanded her mind with quiet, if solitary, pleasure, while her golden siblings were very gentle with their little sister. For one thing, she didn’t look like the Family. Her hair, though long and lustrous, was black and straight. Her huge golden eyes had a solemn, contemplative stare. Aphrodite whispered to her dear Mama that so much study was making poor Tina near-sighted, and shouldn’t they do something about it?

Dulcinia sighed. She was a little ill at ease with the quiet young daughter who tended to go off into some world of her own when the rest of the Family was happily discussing important matters like hunting and new clothes and the latest interesting on dits. Perhaps the poor child was beginning to recognize the difference between herself and the beautiful sister and brothers?

“We must all be especially kind and loving to poor Tina,” was the best Dulcinia could come up with. So they all, even Killy and Jase, did their best to compensate for their little sister’s differences. Dulcinia and Aphra insisted that she accompany them on social calls to all their neighbors to drink tea and gossip; Killy and Jase wheedled her into joining them when they went out with The Hunt. And the whole Family dragged the reluctant Tina to every ball and assembly the County hostesses provided.

It was a letter from Tina, detailing some of the rigors of her social life with wry humor and a trenchant, if slightly bitter, turn of phrase, that alerted her grandmother to the dangers of the situation. She made one of her infrequent visits to the modest Long estate. Watching her granddaughter as the girl translated a poem from French into English, Lady Delia said, with grim warning, “Your sister has just received a flattering offer from Lord Marpole.”

Tina raised glorious tawny-brown eyes and smiled at her grandmother. “I am happy for Aphra. They should suit very well.”

“Since Roger Marpole is eager to marry a beautiful, well-bred woman who will be easily managed, and Aphra is eager to marry, period, they should have no problems,” her ladyship said tartly.

“She cares for him as much as she is able, I think,” offered Tina. “And he is a kind man.”

“Oh, I’ve no doubt they’ll make a comfortable match of it. Which brings me to something I must say to you, dear child.”

Athena gave her grandmother a long, considering glance. “Do not tell me you have an itch to match-make in other quarters?” she teased. “You’ll catch cold at that!”

“Wretched girl,” scolded her grandmother, “that is the trouble! Your—ah—fame is growing, your Mama tells me, to such an extent that it has frightened off every eligible parti in the county! Have you not noticed that the local youths are shy of you? I have been informed that Lawyer Cope’s carrot-topped daughter Maddy was besieged at the last Assembly, whilst you, my poppet, sat out half the dances!”

“Closer to three quarters,” Tina shrugged. “They are stupid and boring, after all.”

“The Assemblies? Yes, I grant you they are, but—”

“The young men,” Tina corrected her.

Her grandmother looked aghast at such plain-speaking. “Never, I repeat never, let such words be heard from your lips. I beg of you! To be told they are arrogant, self-willed, hard to handle, delights the Male Sex, while to have it hinted that they are philanderers or libertines quite sets them up! But to state that you find them boring and stupid will drive them away faster than the threat of the plague!” Lady Delia fluttered her elegant little fan as she contemplated her Bluestocking granddaughter with grave concern. “I see I must take you in hand. I had thought to thank Heaven that you are not a simpleton like every other member of your family, but it seems I may have been mistaken. At least they have enough nous to value the really important things—”

“Such as?” Athena’s attention was fully attracted now. She was smiling that devastating, heart-catching smile which Lady Delia privately thought irresistible—and quite wasted upon one’s grandparent.

“Such as Marriage—and Men,” she retorted, “since we cannot have one without the other.”

“Haven’t you forgotten Love?” teased the girl.

“No, but I am afraid you have,” riposted Lady Delia, regarding the piquant little face with a frown. After a moment she spoke again. “Have you thought of what you will be doing ten or even twenty years from now, if you continue in this fashion? Nose forever in a dusty volume, eyes straining and squinting to decipher fine print, shoulders continually bent over a desk—?”

Tina chuckled. “I’ll have a dusty nose, red-rimmed eyes, and round shoulders,” she suggested.

Lady Delia was not amused. “You’ll be alone with your nose and your eyes and your shoulders—and no one will care what you look like in any case!”

“My family would care,” objected Tina, losing a little of her amusement when presented with this undeniably gloomy picture.

“Are you content to live with those amiable mooncalves for the rest of your life? I think I know you better than that, dear child,” answered Lady Delia. “You must make a life of your own. And that means marriage, for a woman of our class.”

Tina frowned. “What do you suggest, Grandmama? That I attend the next Assembly and try to charm some man by flirting like Maddy Cope?”

“You would not succeed,” replied her grandmother succinctly, “in the first place, you do not know how to flirt in spite of, or perhaps because of, all your erudition. In the second”—she overrode Tina’s effort to interrupt—“in the second place, my poor girl, you have so terrified all the eligible young men with your learning and aloofness that you could not get near enough to any of them to flirt with him.”

“You paint a dark picture,” said Tina at length. “I must suppose that there are ways to overcome my handicaps and that you have some such in mind already.” She sighed. The idea of remaining at Malong Hall for the rest of her days was a daunting one. She loved her cheerful family, but had to admit that they were as stimulating intellectually as a litter of new puppies. She shook her head at the prospect. “I will do whatever you advise. I am thought to be quick to learn,” she offered bravely.

Lady Delia nodded. “I believe it can be managed. But you must place yourself in my hands, girl, and you must work as you have never done before! And I must work,” she added grimly. “I trust I shall be able for it.”

Tina chuckled. “I would wager my blunt that you are capable of anything,” she said with real admiration. “When do we start?”

“At once! First lesson: you must not use terms like ‘wagering your blunt’ and ‘catching cold at something.’ Such masculine cant from a young girl’s lips must disgust a man of fastidious taste.”

Tina frowned. “Exactly what did you have in mind for me, Grandmama? If it is to become a mealy-mouthed niminy-piminy miss, sighing and languishing and flying up into the boughs at the slightest mention of anything interesting—!” She pulled a long face. “I could not, nor would I wish to. Better to wither on the familial vine!”

Lady Delia, who had been looking grim, unbent with a reluctant smile. “Devil!” she said affectionately, and ruffled Tina’s thick silky hair with an indulgent hand. “Perhaps you are right. The worthwhile catches would probably scorn a prudish miss. I do have one Prize in mind, but he’s been avoiding Parson’s mousetrap for so long he’s probably uncatchable.” She sighed. “If only I were forty years younger—! Oh well, perhaps our first concern should be, as you suggest, to decide what sort of female you should be.”

“I suppose I cannot just be myself?” asked Tina wistfully.

“Quite ineligible,” said Lady Delia briskly. “A blue-stocking, mouthing French poetry and, I have no doubt, Latin maxims!”

“Omnia vincit Amor?” murmured Tina naughtily. She chuckled at her grandmother’s shocked expression. “It just means ‘Love conquers all,’ ” she explained. “I thought it appropriate to our discussion.”

“Just as I said!” observed Lady Delia. “Completely ruinous!”

Tina’s eyes began to sparkle. “I have it! A femme fatale! What I believe my brothers call a Regular Dasher!”

Lady Delia rolled her eyes heavenward. “We are not seeking to establish you as some rakehell’s light-o’-love, my girl!” The elderly woman was, it must be admitted, a little in alt at the idea of creating a New Athena who should take the Beau Monde, and one member of it particular, by storm.

“Then if not a female pedant, nor even a femme fatale, will do, what role do you propose I should play?”

“How about a Woman of Mystery?” suggested Lady Delia, eyes glinting.

“Would a Man of Consequence wish to marry a Woman of Mystery? It seems unlikely to me,” said Tiny doubtfully. “He might be letting himself in for some unpleasant surprises.”

“You are right,” Lady Delia admitted. “I am permitting myself to be carried away by the—er—challenge. Make no mistake about it, my dear child, it is a challenge! Your father’s estate is not such as will provide a dazzling dowry for two daughters. For one thing, he had to buy two commissions each for your brothers!” She frowned at Tina’s gurgle of laughter.

“If you could have seen their faces when Papa came home to announce what he had done!” she chuckled. “Poor Papa intended Achilles, as the firstborn, to be the warrior, and follow in the illustrious footsteps of Papa’s own father in the Hussars—or should I say the horse-shoe tracks?” She was laughing openly, her eyes alight with mirth. “I had to point out to him that Killy invariably threw out a rash when in the company of his beloved horses! The hunting season, much as he loves it, is always a wretched time for poor Killy! Then Papa admitted to us that he had planned for Jason to follow Uncle Martin into the Navy, until Jase reminded Papa of our ill-fated trip to Brighton, when a boating excursion upon even a calm ocean invariably made Jason dog-sick. Papa realized that to condemn Jase to a life at sea would be excessively cruel!”

“Your father is a widgeon,” stated Lady Delia. “One would have thought, however, that even the most totty-headed of fathers would have discovered his sons’ unfortunate failings before attempting to launch them upon the only careers completely impossible for them to pursue,” snorted their grandmother.

“Well, he has it straightened out now,” the girl soothed her. “Jason is mad about horses, and Killy seems to be enjoying his life on shipboard. All’s well that ends well—as Shakespeare said.”

“Shakespeare may have said it. You should not,” criticized her grandmother. “Are you going to be sensible or not? Lacking a generous settlement, you must not flaunt your eccentricities!”

This was too much for the high-spirited girl. “I would not wish for a husband who had to be paid to take me,” she said with the first anger she had shown.

“What kind of husband would you like?” her grandmother asked with real interest.

Tina smiled. “An intelligent one who could talk to me about something other than hunting, gaming, and the latest mill between Prides of the Fancy.” She hesitated, then continued steadily, “And one who loved me more than anything else in the world.”

Lady Delia’s eyebrows rose almost to her hairline.

“My poor child!” she murmured pityingly. “Your wits have been addled by all that scholarship! Don’t you know that no persons—female at least!—of our order of Society marry for love?” She enunciated the word as though it were slightly obscene. “Oh, I grant you, if the woman is fortunate, a strong affection may in course of time develop. Your grandfather and I became quite good friends when he grew tired of gaming and pursuing his bits of muslin! But no member of the Haut Ton would admit to marrying for love. Quite mawkish! Absurd! Theatrical!”

“Then I must choose someone from the Bas Ton,” retorted Tina grimly, “for I shall never marry for any other reason.”

“A Romantic!” breathed Lady Delia with such an expression of horror that Tina was forced to laugh.

“Well, according to you and Mama, I shall never be able to get close enough to the local swains to find out whether I could love them or not! Do you dare to show your face in London with such an unlikely débutante?”

Lady Delia rose to the challenge. “I shall not only take you back with me to Portman Square, Athena, but I shall find you a suitable parti. And you had better be prepared to fall in love with him, for I warn you now, at the outset, that I do not intend to be wasting my time!”





2



His Grace the Duke of Renfrew had not reached his thirty-sixth year without acquiring a very good knowledge of his world and his own position in it. Even his enemies—and he had a number—were forced to admit that there was reason for the arrogance with which he depressed pretension in his inferiors. Wealthy as a nabob, a superb sportsman, darkly handsome as a corsair, more elegant than Beau Brummel, John Alexander George Stone, the Most Noble the Duke of Renfrew, was at once the challenge and the despair of every female in the Beau Monde. The fact that he quite frequently absented himself from that small and glittering company of his peers, and that few even of his intimates knew where he went, or for what purpose, served only to make him more fascinating to well-born females. The men of his own class were sure they knew—if not where he went, then certainly with what sort of companion. Such libelous on dits merely served to enhance His Grace’s desirability.

It is also fact that His Grace had not reached his thirty-sixth year without acquiring the companionship of a small but dazzling succession of birds of paradise. Being a sensible nobleman, he had not sought his diversions among women of his own class, where matrimony was the obsessive interest. Green girls held no allure for him; and the calculated enticements to which he was subjected by fashionable matrons were enough, he often told himself, to destroy any romantic notions a man might have. He felt no need to secure the succession, since he had a nephew who was his heir. He did not like the boy over-much, and tried to see as little as possible of him and his annoying Mama, the widow of his younger brother Theodore. Lucy Stone, Dowager Countess of Bodiam, had never forgiven herself for having married the younger son. That she had not been—and never would have been—asked to marry the firstborn son did not seem to occur to her. Her manner was a combination of self-pity and envy, which made her unacceptable company for all but a few cronies and hopeful hangers-on. Even her sixteen-year-old son Harry, who had inherited, through the death of his father, the title of Earl of Bodiam, and who was the heir presumptive of his uncle the Duke, avoided his mother’s company as much as possible, preferring to attend mills and cockfights with a scaff-raff company of like-minded young noblemen. Harry Stone saw as little of his daunting uncle as he could manage. This usually meant that he nerved himself for an encounter with the sophisticated and scornful Duke only when in need of financial assistance.

The Duke suffered him, as he did all fools, without pleasure, and paid only those debts which, unsettled, would have embarrassed the family name. For the rest, he adamantly refused to advance so much as a groat, and reminded Harry of his ample allowance, paid from the estate at Bodiam, and disbursed quarterly until Harry Stone should reach his majority.

His Grace the Duke was also cumbered with an older sister. Lady Sophia Rate never allowed herself or anyone else to forget that if she had been born a male, she would have been the Duke. Her two sons by her negligible husband, Sir Cecil Rate, were constantly reminded by her of their noble progenitors on the distaff side of the family. Her older son, George who liked to be called Gogo, was a weak and sullenly envious youth who entered into all his Mama’s animadversions against her younger brother the Duke, and endlessly fantasized himself holding the title. Young Nigel, and Flora, the only daughter of the house, thought their Uncle John a pretty sound apple, a regular top-o’-the-trees fellow. Flora told Nigel that there wasn’t much to choose between their Mama and Lucy Stone, both of whom, she averred, were sour-tempered old jaw-me-deads. Nigel agreed, chuckling, and commiserated with the Duke, vowing it not at all strange they saw so little of him. Flora agreed.

In this opinion, Society concurred. Elegant and sophisticated ladies tittered behind their fans, murmuring that it served John Stone right to be blessed with Sophia and Lucy. The men shook their heads, asking one another how poor Stone endured it, saddled with the two most notorious shrews in the Ton. Through it all: attack, commiseration, mockery, the Duke bore himself with imperturbable calm, and let no one share his private counsels.

The only member of his immediate family for whom the Duke felt any degree of warmth was his nephew Nigel Rate. On the rare occasions upon which the two met, there were friendly exchanges of opinion upon the latest Pride of the Fancy, the quality of the nags up for the Derby, the probability of decent weather at Epsom Downs on the relevant days, and similar issues of importance. Their brief meetings were usually concluded by the unobtrusive passing of a comfortable handsel from uncle to nephew. After which, in perfect charity with one another, they went their separate ways.

The Duke’s best—and jealous people said, his only—friend was a cheerful young nobleman named Charles Vernell. This handsome, charming, and wealthy marquess could have been the darling of London Society had he desired to be so. Instead, he seemed to prefer to accompany John Stone whenever he received the least encouragement. The Duke found so much quiet pleasure in Charles’s optimistic, light-hearted company that he permitted the younger man to share most of his social activities. He even allowed him to go along on one of his frequent disappearances from London. Charles, surprised and deeply impressed at the revelation of his friend’s complex nature, and the passion that burned behind the imperturbable facade which was his friend’s countenance, found himself watching the dark, handsome profile as the two men drove back to London from a week spent at Renfrew Castle.

“I would never have suspected, John! The face you present to Society is so different!” The younger man shook his head, grinning.

The Duke took his eyes from the road long enough to cast a challenging look at his friend. “And exactly what face is that?”

Charles’s bright blue eyes sparkled, his generous mouth curved with amusement. “Why, a very domineering, high-nosed, damn-your-eyes, arrogant phiz, to be sure! And never a hint of your—shall I say?—other interests! How the clubs and the boudoirs would buzz if they knew what I’ve just learned!”

“But you are going to say nothing,” suggested his host, silkily.

Charles grinned. “Nothing—because no one would believe me! I can just hear the quizzes murmuring, ‘Poor Vernell! Ripe for Bedlam! It must be the company he keeps!’ ” The youth’s face was alight with fun. The Duke found himself grinning in sympathy.

“Ripe for Bedlam? You should have been there three years ago!”

As he tooled his curricle expertly through the crowded streets of London, the Duke frowned down his aristocratic nose at the malodorous clutter, and asked himself again why he had allowed Vernell to persuade him to leave the fresh countryside for this stinking midden. If it had not been that a certain scheme of his necessitated his appearing before the House of Lords, he might well have ignored Charles’s pleadings and remained at his estate, to continue those projects which currently so absorbed his interest. But there was the debate to attend, and booksellers to question.

“Is Flora to attend the Ball tonight?” Charles ventured to break the lengthy silence.

His Grace sighed. “I suppose so. She’s too young, and not out yet, but the Dowager mentioned her specifically.” He groaned. “Why did I permit you to remind me of the invitation? I might have avoided the wretched crush!”

“And found yourself persona non grata with the most powerful hostess in London,” advised Charles. “You owe me a debt of gratitude!”

His Grace was understood to say that he knew exactly what he owed the young spoilsport, and it wasn’t gratitude. Charles beguiled the rest of their journey with comments upon the charms of the new débutantes, contrasting them favorably with last season’s Diamonds and Reigning Beauties. The Duke endured these eulogies with the chilly smile that depressed female pretension so effectively. At length Charles favored him with a quizzical smile.

“You’re a cold fish, John! Have you never suffered a tendre for any female?”

“Do you think I should talk about it if I had?” queried the Duke with hauteur.

Charles had the grace to color. “No, of course not, John! Do forgive my brashness.”

Refrew unbent enough to say, quietly, “I have never met a female in whom beauty and intelligence combined in equal measure. The Sex seems to have one of the other, so that I find myself either bored by their stupidity or daunted by their ugliness.”

Charles greeted this wholesale condemnation with as incredulous grin, and hastened to cite several of the Season’s charmers who possessed a good measure of both wit and beauty. The Duke, however, would not allow his young friend to convince him, and found so many flaws in each lady named that Charles finally gave up with a laugh.

“None so blind as those who will not see!” he suggested.

The Duke forbore to answer, but his face showed so clearly his opinion on the matter that Charles admitted defeat, and began to discuss his chances of finding a new hunter worthy of the name at Tattersall’s.





3



At this very minute, Tina was staring at herself in a large, gilt-framed mirror in Lady Delia’s comfortable Town House. She had to admit that she liked what she saw. Lady Camden’s dresser had been delighted to be told to give the child some alamodality. It was Hugget’s belief that the little country-girl could be made—under the proper guidance, which of course meant that of Hugget—into a veritable Diamond of the first water. The wily old dresser had been performing miracles with her elderly mistress for years, and fairly ached to apply her undoubted expertise upon a younger, more promising subject. She stood back now, as the awe-stricken Tina stared at her metamorphosis in the tall cheval-glass in the charming bedroom. Wonderingly, the girl breathed.

“Hugget, you are a witch! I cannot believe that this dazzling creature you have conjured up is the daunting Bluestocking who has driven all the young men away.”

Hugget regarded her smugly.

“I could see the possibilities in you, Miss Tina—if you’ll pardon the plain speaking—as soon as I clapped eyes on that hair and your figure! To say nothing of the colour of your eyes. Most unusual they are, changing to match whatever costume you put on.” She bent, peering a little. “See? They’re a deep gold tonight, while you’re wearing that lovely yellow silk the mistress had made for you.”

Tina had to admit that her eyes, huge and sparkling with the excitement of it all, were indeed a fascinating shade of tawny gold. She preened at herself, fluttering her lashes. “Effective! And I do not squint!” she muttered, remembering the often-expressed fears of her siblings.

Hugget pursed her lips. She, like all excellent servants, was well aware of every problem suffered by her employers, and agreed wholeheartedly with Athena’s family that her stubbornly adhere-to program of study was suicidal in a young lady hopeful of conquering the Ton. Hugget felt obliged to issue a warning.

“Miss Tina, I have only your best interests at heart when I urge you never to mention those foreign languages you are forever reading in, and especially not that—that book you are writing!”

Tina flashed the woman a startled glance, then smiled, shaking her head. “I should have known better than to think I might try to bamboozle a good servant as to anything which happens in the household! Does everyone know of my—my effort?”

Hugget considered the question. “I would say, every member of the staff here at Lady Delia’s establishment—possibly excepting the grooms’ boy, who is deaf.”

Tina digested this unwelcome intelligence in silence. “I am sure my grandmother does not know . . .” she began hesitantly.

“No, I’ll warrant you she does not, else you would no longer be working upon it,” conceded the dresser. “If it were even one of those frippery romances which well-born ladies divert themselves with, I should not have ventured to speak, for it is possible that some men might find it amusing in a woman that she dreams of romance—” Catching sight of Tina’s offended expression, Hugget chuckled grimly. “We both know why Lady Delia brought you to London, Miss Tina, and I should think a girl of your brain power would be awake on all suits—” Hugget paused, coloring slightly under Tina’s teasing glance.

“ ‘Awake on all suits’, indeed! Better not let Lady Delia hear you mouthing cant, Hugget!”

The dresser sniffed and advised her charge to go to her grandmother’s suite before Lady D had to send for her. “For you know, Miss Tina, her ladyship has great hopes of tonight’s Ball. You would not wish to fail her, Miss, when she has done so much to make your debut a success?” she urged wistfully.

“You are a slyboots, Hugget, a wily manipulator,” Athena said severely, but she caught up her little reticule and the shawl of fine silk and ran lightly along the hallway to her grandmother’s bedroom.

Lady Delia was waiting impatiently for her. She was, Tina admitted, impressive in black velvet and diamonds. The women scrutinized one another’s costumes carefully, then shared a smile.

“We shall certainly not present a dowdy appearance at Her Grace’s Ball,” dimpled Tina, swishing her silk skirts in an elegant curtsey. Her shining eyes clearly revealed her pleasure in the fashionable new clothes.

“Jessica is an old martinet, but she’s a clever hostess and will help me to fire you off suitably in the Ton,” Lady Delia said. “I’ve known her for more years than either of us wishes to admit. You liked her granddaughter when you met her yesterday, did you not?”

“Jennifer Nairn is a darling,”said Tina warmly. “She’s very young, though. I shall feel like Methuselah beside her.”

Lady Delia frowned thunderously. “There you go again! Classical references can do nothing but harm to our campaign!”

“Even Biblical ones?” teased the girl.

Lady Delia set her lips, “You will promise me, Athena, before either of us sets foot outside this house, that there will be no literary comments, no political arguments, and NO speaking in foreign tongues—!”

“Except when I indicate which of the gourmet dishes I wish to sample from the buffet,” teased Tina. “You will never convince me that so famous a hostess as the Dowager Duchess of Nairn employs any but a French chef!”

You may speak of pâtés and gelinottes, although I trust you will exercise judgment in your consumption of pâtisseries, since we are not trying to fatten you for market—” snapped Lady Delia.

Tina could not control her laughter. “But darling Grandmama, that is exactly what you are trying to do!” she gasped.

Fuming, the old woman glared at her recalcitrant grandchild. “I despair of you,” she managed, finally. “First it is an excess of scholarship, and now crude badinage—!”

“Oh,” gasped the girl, “you are speaking in the French language, Grandmére! It will put all the beaux off you!”

Without another word, Lady Delia led the way past the footmen and the butler and out to the waiting carriage. But in her mind was a fierce hope that one certain nobleman, whom she most devoutly desired for her granddaughter, would be present. Renfrew is the wiliest bachelor in London, she thought, but I defy even him to resist Tina in that get-up!

Three hours later, assured of her beloved grandchild’s complete acceptance by those members of the Beau Monde present at Her Grace’s Ball, Lady Delia allowed herself to be persuaded to join the Dowager Duchess and two elderly beaux for a refreshing game of cards in the library. The Ball was already an acknowledged success: everyone predicted that the two débutantes. Miss Athena Long and Miss Jennifer Nairn, would be Ornaments of the coming Season. For her own part, Tina was discovering that the elegant and witty London gentlemen were vastly more interesting than the rather callow young Bloods who had graced the county Assemblies. Here was rapier wit to challenge her own, and a knowledgeable attitude which put her on her mettle to hold up her side of the conversations.

Her mother had made very sure that Athena was instructed in all the social skills, so the girl had no hesitation in accepting invitations to dance. She was, indeed, rather besieged by dapper smiling men who claimed her as a partner with gratifying alacrity. This social life is not so dull after all, the girl decided, sitting for a moment between dances and refreshing herself with a cup of cold, delicious punch. She was searching the room for a glimpse of her new friend, Jennifer, when her glance fell upon a massive man who was just entering the room.

Tina stared. It seemed to her that all the other men, whom she had been thinking to be so attractive, suddenly faded into commonplace before the subdued splendor of the new arrival. He was accompanied by a much younger man, a slender laughing fellow whose eyes were eagerly scanning the company. Discovering his objective, he led the older man firmly toward Jennifer Nairn. Tina felt a quite unaccustomed urge to seek out her new friend herself, so that she might be introduced to the fascinating newcomer.

In the event, this was not necessary, for great-hearted Jennifer at once led the new arrivals to meet the other débutante.

“Oh, Tina, we are so honored!” she said, a little flustered by her awe of the older guest. “His Grace the Duke of Renfrew has come to our party, and is so eager to meet you! Your Grace, may I present Miss Athena Long?” Tina, this other gentleman is Lord Charles Vernell, a—a childhood friend of mine.”

“Very prettily done, minx,” laughed Charles, his dark eyes smiling into those of his old friend. “Now you must promise us all the rest of the dances, for we have arrived too late to speak for ourselves.”

Jennifer attempted a haughty stare and dissolved into giggles. “Wicked creature! It would serve you right if we refused you even one single dance, coming so tardy! But for old times’ sake you may have the next, which we had intended to sit out, to recover our breath. It has been such a deplorable squeeze!” Her glance roved enthusiastically over the beautifully dressed, bejeweled, laughing throng.

Charles grinned at her. “Obviously a great success! You are to be felicitated, Jenny!” His eyes sparkled at her look of outrage at the old nickname.

As the two old friends brangled happily, Tina was able to study the face of the big man beside her. It was a cold face, she decided, and made its owner’s boredom evident. His eyes went past her to scan the crowded ballroom. He was quite obviously uninterested in the prospect of joining the crush of dancers—and equally uninterested in the young woman to whom he had just been introduced. A little flame of anger began to burn in Tina’s breast. She could see no sign of the eagerness to meet her which Jennifer had mentioned. On the contrary, the wretched man had spoken exactly one word, on being presented to her. “Charmed.” And looked away.

Then a cold fear blew upon Tina’s anger, rousing it to a sharper response. Was her failure to charm the male sex at home to be repeated, more humiliatingly, upon this larger stage, before this more sophisticated, glittering company? At once rage shook the girl, frightening her by its intensity. Ignore her, would he? She spoke directly at the averted face, her voice a little high and shrill, her manner ingenuous as Jennifer’s had been.

“Oh, Your Grace, you must forgive me! I have not a single dance left for you! Such a pity, is it not?” A ripple of mirth.

The big man’s head turned sharply, and a pair of very disconcerting grey eyes scanned her flushed features intently. Tina bore his stare bravely, keeping the wide social smile pinned to her lips. As she took in the harsh male beauty of his dark countenance, her heart misgave her at the program she had so hastily and angrily chosen to enact, but it was too late. Jennifer and Charles were staring at her too, and the girl at least could not hide the dismay in her youthful features.

“But Tina—” she began to protest.

“Of course I must not force myself upon so popular a young débutante,” said the Duke, his smile even colder and more artificial that Tina’s. “If you will forgive me, Miss—er—Miss Long? I must seek out some old friends I see here.” Bowing slightly, he turned and strolled away.

“I think John won that round,” said Charles lightly. His bright blue eyes were kind on the girl’s face, taking in its quiet beauty and the flush of embarrassment which now mantled her cheeks. “Jenny, why don’t you and I join Miss Long at the buffet? You can ply me with ratafia or whatever dangerous vintages your Grandmama has provided, and you both can bring me up to date on all the London gossip.”

Tina answered his well-meant gesture with the sweet smile which had so struck Lady Delia. She had no intention of playing gooseberry at the reunion of two good friends. She also felt a little faint at the icy incivility of the snub she had just received. She said, in her normal gentle voice, which was so different from the high, gushing tones she had used to the Duke, “Why thank you, My Lord, but I think I shall repair to the conservatory to snatch a moment’s respite from this frenzied activity.” She turned gracefully and left them before Jennifer could offer her own persuasion.

The younger girl looked at her companion ruefully. “They definitely didn’t hit it off, did they?”

Lord Charles shrugged. “Renfrew’s impossible. Heart of Stone. But your friend really didn’t put her best foot forward, either. I suppose she was nervous at meeting the Great Man.”

“Well, I don’t think he’s so great,” fumed Jennifer, loyalty to her new friend uppermost. “He was cold and rude, and deserved to be put off! I’m going after her!”

Charles took her arm with the easy familiarity of one who had pulled her out of scrapes in her childhood. “Better leave her to nurse her wounds alone, I think,” he said gently. “She seems a charming and attractive girl, when she is not endeavoring to cross swords with John Stone.” At which, alas, she will undoubtedly catch a very bad cold indeed, he ruminated. He knew that closed, arrogant look which John had given the girl as he left. It was a declaration of war—a war that His Grace the Most Noble the Duke of Renfrew never lost.

As she walked swiftly into the spacious conservatory, Tina’s mind was in a whirl. How could she have let that arrogant man drive her into such stupid behavior? She had less poise than the veriest adolescent! A sensible female would have made a push, at least, to charm him out of his indifference, or at least could have taken her leave of him without such a childish display! Heaven permit that Grandmother had not witnessed the confrontation, and her own miserable part in it! She found a seat behind a fragrant bank of flowering plants, and tried to relax in the soft light provided by groups of fairy lights.

After a few minutes, the soft splashing of the fountain, which was a central feature of the conservatory, began to work its special gentle magic upon her troubled spirits. Perhaps she could recoup the situation. Surely having offended one man would not be enough to set all Lady Delia’s plans at a loss? She let her mind consider the man as she had observed him in those few tense moments. He was very large, with broad shoulders and a massive torso above well-muscled, long legs. There did not seem to be a superfluous ounce on his powerful frame. When she recalled his face, Tina felt a curious little stab that was neither fear nor anger. His Grace was such a handsome man, but not with the effete, soft-skinned smoothness of most of the gentlemen she had been introduced to that evening. He was hard, as though he had pushed his body to its limits of strength and endurance. And yet his garments were more elegant, if less showy, than those of most of the other male guests. Tina sighed. Definitely a man to be reckoned with—and she had dared to toss him the gauntlet! She shivered with a chill that was not quite physical. Then she pulled back into the shadows as movement near the doorway resolved itself into two male figures strolling slowly into the conservatory. She recognized the quiet voice at once.

“I shall just slip away without further ado. I have made my courtesy to our hostess, and there really isn’t anyone here I care to linger for.”

“You’ll not go without a word to the other guest of honor, surely, John?” Charles’s voice came clearly to the girl in the shadows.

“That little virago?” There was no mistaking the edge of contempt in the Duke’s words.

“You forced her to it with your blasted arrogance!” his friend protested. “Barely acknowledging the introduction, treating her with complete indifference—!”

“What else?” Renfrew came back wearily. “She is like so many of her type; pretty enough to be spoiled by young bucks with no sense of discrimination, ignorant, bad mannered, stupid . . .” His disgust was clear in his deep tones.

“But she isn’t like that at all!” protested Chares. “Jenny tells me she’s quick-witted and bright, full of fun—!”

“I beg you will spare me any further details of Miss—ah—Long’s girlish charms tonight,” said the Duke in a voice that made Tina’s hackles rise. “She is just such an one as I have always disliked—a passably pretty face with nothing behind it but vanity and malice! It is to be hoped that her sponsors will be able to catch her a husband quickly, before her charms become tarnished by her bad temper!”

With which parting shot, the Duke strolled out of the conservatory, his young friend at his shoulder still protesting.

Tina rose slowly to her feet. So that was what His Grace the Duke of Renfrew thought of Miss—ah—Long? She was actually torn between a strong desire to slap his cold, sneering face, and an equally strong wish to prove to him that she was good-tempered, intelligent, and charming. Then, catching a glimpse of her own small, clenched fists, Tina took her temper in hand and sought to regain her lost poise. When she had herself under control again, she returned to the ballroom and proceeded to captivate the younger men with a dash and sparkle that quite opened the eyes of her grandmother, come at last to check upon the progress of her fledgling. The child was a Success!

Whirling gaily about the huge room, Tina thought that this would prove to the arrogant peer—even in absentia—that she was not the poor wretch he deemed her!





4



On the day following the Nairn Ball, the Duke set out with great reluctance to answer a querulous message from his sister, Lady Sophia. Her note had been delivered very early, but His Grace’s butler had rightly decided not to trouble his master with the missive until after he had taken his breakfast. Since the Duke invariably rode for an hour before eating, this meant that the whining demand from Lady Sophia for her brother’s immediate presence in her drawing room was not delivered into his hands until nearly eleven o’clock. Sighing, the Duke set out for Portland Place.

His sister was waiting for him, frozen faced. This then was to be a prolonged session, during which she would ring the changes on her grievances, disappointments, rancours, until she wore him down into agreeing with whatever scheme or demand she had in mind.

Sophia surprised him: first, by springing to the attack without preliminary skirmishing; second, by the nature of her demand.

“Flora must come out this Season, Renfrew. I shall need funds and your presence. I had thought we might move into the Town House.”

“Impossible,” stated the Duke firmly. The one thing that made his sister endurable to him was the fact that he need seldom, if ever, be in her company for more than half an hour. To make a move from the quite adequate house that Rate had provided for her, into John’s own much more impressive mansion, had been her driving obsession for years. John relaxed. This was just a new move in the old battle.

Sophia surprised him again. “Flora needs a man’s strong hand. She has become quite unmanageable. I cannot control her. I fear a scandal.”

Fine dark eyebrows elevated above skeptical grey eyes. “You are telling me you cannot control your daughter?”

Lady Sophia brazened it out. “I am saying that the chit is completely unbiddable, headstrong, and devious to boot! For example: she informed my maid that she was going with her abigail to the Lending Library yesterday. I discovered that she had, in fact, gone into a most undesirable section of the city to purchase a ticket for—” she paused for effect—“a stage performance!”

The Duke frowned. For a well-born woman, even attended by her maid, such behavior would have been hazardous to her standing in Society. For a girl of fifteen, not yet out, the action courted disaster. Young Flora would be labeled a hoyden, hot-at-hand, perhaps worse if the report circulated.

“You have of course told no one but myself of this?”

“Do you think me a dim-wit?” snarled Sophia. “Naturally the servants know, but perhaps if you gave them money—?”

“Is that how you secure your servants’ loyalty?” asked her brother.

Lady Sophia glared at him. “I had thought you cared a little for the child! I should have realized that you hate all my children! Had I been a man, they would have been heirs to a Dukedom—!”

“Flora wouldn’t,” John reminded her. “As it is, your own nephew is my heir. We are both aware that you can bullock him and his silly Mama. Cannot you content yourself with that, Sophia?”

“But it may be years!” Anger and jealousy were removing the guards Sophia usually placed on her tongue. “And everywhere I go, I hear nothing but praises for your appearance, your wealth, your charm! And endless gossip about your romantic exploits! I live in constant fear that you will forget your obligations and marry some wretched female quite unworthy of our name!” Her voice rose.

“Enough, Sophia!” commanded her brother, striding toward the velvet bell-pull. “I shall summon your maid. You are quite overwrought. Have the child brought to me this afternoon about four. No, do not bring her yourself. Let Nigel attend her. I shall talk with her, and decide what is to be done. Perhaps you might consider removing with her to the Castle at Bodiam?” he asked hopefully. “Or to Rate’s family seat?”

Sophia glared. “And leave London just as the Season is beginning? You must be joking!”

“If you are indeed so concerned over Flora’s behavior, it would seem that a prolonged rustication away from the treats and temptations of the city would be beneficial,” John said firmly. “I shall know better after I have talked with the girl.”

Lady Sophia was so dissatisfied with the result of her attack that she let him go without further harangue.





At four o’clock that afternoon Cullon announced Miss Flora Rate and Mr. Nigel Rate.

“Bring ’em in,” ordered the Duke, settling back in the chair behind his desk with a stern countenance. He was going to have to do something about Sophia—her endless whining was bad enough, but he could usually avoid listening to it. But if she intended foisting off all her problems and responsibilities upon his shoulders, he would be compelled to take charge of matters, assert his authority. He had been reluctant, for many reasons, to play the role of Head-of-the-Family, but he was, in simple truth, its head, and must accept his own responsibilities for the name’s sake, if nothing else.

The two children marched in, apprehensively, obviously expecting a royal and thunderous set-down. The Duke motioned them to chairs placed in front of his desk, and sat regarding them with an impassive glance.

Nigel plucked up courage. “Hello, Uncle John,” he said.

Flora, smiling nervously, echoed, “Uncle John.”

The Duke fixed his eyes upon her young, flushed face.

“I am told,” he said softly, “that you are displaying an interest in the theater.”

“Of course Mama has tattled!” snapped the girl, going a deeper red.

“Was there any reason why she should not mention the matter?”

“It was nobody’s business . . .” began the girl, mutinously. Then, at his raised eyebrow and quizzical look, she muttered, “I have nothing to do. Mama never lets me go anywhere interesting! If I have to listen to one more sour old woman babbling gossip—!”

“It does sound dull,” agreed her uncle, surprisingly. “What would you wish to do?”

Flora drew a deep breath. “I would go riding in the park, attend operas, dramatic performances, balloon ascensions, races,” with another deep breath, she continued, eagerly, “tour the Tower, visit Astley’s Amphitheater—”

“Stop!” commanded the Duke with a grin. “You have given us enough to fill the next thirty days! Are you sure that all these delights are actually available? I seem to have lost touch with the richness of London life.”

Both youngsters were staring at him incredulously.

“You don’t—you can’t mean it?” gasped Flora. “You will really take us to all these places?”

“Or see that you are taken,” qualified their uncle. He scrutinized the young faces with some affection. They were, without doubt, the pick of his numerous and mostly boring relations. Perhaps he might arrange to take them to some of the entertainments Flora had mentioned. Certainly their whining, selfish mother had never bothered to put herself out for their pleasure. He rose, walked to the mantel, and pulled the bell cord.

“We shall have a good tea, and then you will go back to your home and await my summons.” This rather autocratic pronouncement was softened by the warm and attractive smile that lit his face. Both young people responded to it, and the next half-hour was spent most pleasantly in eating the tasty morsels provided by His Grace’s chef, and discussing the treats to come.

It did not occur to the Duke to warn Flora not to use the ticket which she had apparently purchased for the play.





5



The London Season was rapidly gaining pace. Night after night, rival hostesses opened their doors for all manner of exotic fêtes, ridottos, galas, grand balls, and revels. The Season bid fair to become one of the great, memorable ones in the history of the Beau Monde. Tina Long and Jennifer Nairn were deluged with invitations, sometimes attending as many as three affairs in a single evening, but Lady Delia’s satisfaction was, to Tina’s quick intellect, shadowed. The girl challenged her Grandmama.

“What is worrying you? Am I not taking well enough in the Ton?” She waved a thick bundle of invitations, just arrived. “I did not know there could be so many parties crowded into a few weeks’ time.”

Lady Delia bestowed a grim smile upon the radiant girl. “You know very well you have ‘taken,’ Miss! I have already fended off three separate gallants who wished to be informed of your father’s address, so that they might apply for your hand. And there are two others—Dallan and Montgomery—who will find their way to Umphrey without my permission. Do you have a tendre for any of them, my child?”

Tina sighed, “No, Grandmama. They seemed at first to be much superior to the callow youths I met at the county Assemblies, but underneath the modish clothes and the dashing manner there is only the same boring . . . male.”

Delia Camden tried to look scandalized and only succeeded in smiling. “Naughty girl! What else would you expect to find under the modish clothes? No, don’t tell me! I’m sure it will be something quite shocking—or else a Latin tag!” She chuckled.

But Tina was not to be diverted. “Why do you have that shadow in your eyes, dearest Grandmama?” she persisted. “Am I doing something to embarrass you?”

Lady Delia pursed her lips. “No, child, you’ve provided a most interesting project, and quite enlivened these last weeks. It is—” she grimaced—“Almack’s. I have not been able to wheedle any of the Patronesses into giving you a voucher! Oh, they are courteous enough, but they manage to put me off when I make even the slightest of suggestions. They are past mistresses at putting people off,” she concluded waspishly.

Tina stared at her. “They do not wish me to attend their parties? But why is this? Am I not eligible by birth and behavior?”

Lady Delia uttered a sound which was almost a groan. “I managed to coax a hint out of Lady Jersey last night at the Prince’s dinner. It seems that a certain nobleman has been making remarks . . .”

Tina drew herself up proudly. “About me? What could he possibly say to my detriment? Surely one does not have to have a title or a flawless beauty to receive a voucher to Almack’s? Who is this noble back-stabber?”

“It is the Duke of Refrew, drat him! You wouldn’t have seen him, Tina. He dropped in at the Nairn Ball that fired you off, but I apparently stayed only long enough to greet his hostess. I cannot for the life of me imagine why he should have taken you in dislike, for you’ve never even met the creature!” She frowned. “I will admit to you, Tina, I had hopes that your particular blending of brains and beauty would pique his interest, but it seems he has actually spoken disparagingly of you.”

“On what grounds?” The girl’s voice was quiet, her tone level, but her grandmother glanced up sharply. Tina’s face was white—with anger? Shock? Indeed, it was a shocking thing to have ill will expressed from such a powerful source.

“It seems,” admitted Lady Delia, “that he considers you to be spoiled, ignorant and bad tempered. I cannot conceive how he should have gotten such notions! It must be that he observed some other young miss behaving badly and was given your name in mistake.”

“I have met His Grace,” said Tina slowly. Vernell introduced us. The Duke ignored me, and then when Vernell and Jennifer tried to force him to ask me for a dance, I—I struck back at him”

Lady Delia was regarding her with a horror-stricken expression. “You struck back?” she repeated faintly. “In what way?”

Tina shook her head in exasperation. “I—er—adopted a sort of high girlish voice and told him I hadn’t a single dance left for him. And laughed.”

Lady Delia sucked in a breath. “Laughed at him? Fatal!”

“He was also arrogant—so pompous and uncaring,” protested Tina.

Lady Delia shivered. Then she forced a smile. This went beyond ordinary setting-to-rights. To make mock of the most powerful male figure in London society—! “My dear,” she told her granddaughter, “I am quite at a stand! I do not know how to advise you.”

Tina had become aware of what she had done. She had placed her beloved grandmother in a very difficult and embarrassing position. If a débutante failed publicly, her sponsor was discredited also. Anger began to burn deep inside the girl. Why should their social success be threatened by the petty malice of one man? I hate him! she thought bitterly. How carelessly he humiliates my grandmother—and destroys me!

The older woman was speaking. “We shan’t give up, of course. Invitations keep coming in, and so far, none of the leading Hostesses have blacklisted us. We shall just have to ignore Almack’s. It’s a dull place, and the food is beneath contempt . . .” Already her agile mind was busy with the campaign. “If anyone mentions Almack’s to you, child, you must just smile prettily and say you have been so busy accepting delightful invitations . . .! Finish with a delicate shrug, and then give your inquisitor that bit-eyed delicate look that young Jennifer often adopts. Conduct yourself as though Almack’s was the least of your worries.”

“Which it is,” declared Tina stoutly. She was filled with admiration for her Machiavellian grandparent, and walked over to hug her impulsively. “You out-rival Napoleon as a Little General,” she smiled lovingly. “I would back you against a dozen Dukes!”

“We haven’t won yet,” warned Lady Delia, but it was clear to Tina that she had pleased her grandmother. In perfect accord, the two ladies began to sort through the thick pile of invitations.





During the next few weeks it really seemed that the Beau Monde had taken Tina to its glittering heart. She danced her graceful way through several pairs of silken shoes, smiling roguishly, flirting discreetly, demurely charming the dowagers as well as the strutting males. It appeared that dark-haired Tina and honey-blonde Jennifer, enhancing foils for one another’s special beauty, were becoming the darlings among the débutantes. Jennifer, who was an excellent horsewoman, soon had her own devoted coterie of admiring young gentlemen to attend her on her canters through the parks. Tina, put on her mettle by the disparaging comments of Renfrew, set out to disprove them. So successful was she that she became the most sought-after débutante on the dance floor, with all her dances promised days in advance of each ball. Lady Delia thought the chit was looking lovelier every day, and was pleased to learn that Miss Athena Long’s charming yet gentle wit was much praised. Lady Delia began to hope that they might weather the Duke’s disapproval after all.

And then, one day, two things happened that changed the picture completely.

Lady Delia had awakened with one of her headaches, notorious among her devoted staff. On this occasion it might have been caused by her horrified perception, the previous evening, that their only invitation for the following night was for a very boring poetry reading at the salon of a woman who wished to be known as a patroness of Literature.

“It is as I feared,” she confided to her alarmed grandchild. “Everyone who counts is to attend a Gala evening at Almack’s. The Prince is invited, with half a dozen other notables. Several hostesses have planned dinners beforehand for those going on to Almack’s. We had better put it about that I am ill and you are unwilling to leave my bedside.”

Tina tried for a joke. “You must not have anything that cannot be cured in twenty-four hours, for we are already promised to the Dowager Duchess of Nairn for tomorrow evening.”

“My migraines are notorious,” Lady Delia advised her. “I once failed to appear at Buckingham Palace for dinner when I had such a headache, and Their Majesties forgave me. No one will wonder at our remaining at home.”

That, however, was just what Tina had no intention of doing. She had begun to find even her acknowledged success in the Ton a little unsatisfying, and had returned, while her Grandmother was dozing or otherwise occupied, to certain reprehensible habits of her pre-London days. Forays to the bookshops and to museums gave her stimulation of both mind and body, and she had even gotten several further chapters completed of the secret book-project that absorbed her interest. So, having been summarily dismissed by a worried Hugget from her grandparent’s darkened bedroom, Tina put on a charming jade-green walking dress and a modish little hat, and, accompanied by her maid, walked down to her favorite bookstore. There she purchased a dozen volumes, of which six were novels, two of them in French. Since Lady Delia routinely discouraged any such obvious indications that her grandchild was a Bluestocking, this secret extravagance pleased Tina and set a sparkle in her fine eyes.

These eyes today had a fascinating green cast, reflected from the modish walking dress she was wearing. She stepped lightly along the pavement, dutifully followed by her maid, who was pleased to be on the strut behind so pretty a lady, and did not for a moment resent the parcel of books she carried. Driving past in his curricle, the Duke of Renfrew caught sight of the extraordinarily attractive girl, striding along so gracefully, and turned his head to watch her progress. Surely he had seen that beguiling little face before? Such open happiness was seldom displayed by the correct women of his class.

Roused by a hoarse cry of warning, the Duke returned his glance to the road just in time to avoid a collision with a dapper man in triple-caped driving coat. Possibly stimulated by his anger at his own carelessness, the Duke suddenly recalled where he had met the girl, and the circumstances surrounding the meeting. He had, by now, come to regret the malice with which he had commented upon Miss Long to Mrs. Drummond-Burrell. It should have been beneath his dignity to strike back at the girl who was so plainly trying to depress his pretensions! He could chuckle at it now, in retrospect. She had been like a tiny spitting kitten, and although her voice had been shrill and her manner gushing, her fine eyes, ablaze with anger, still stayed in his memory.

Quite unaware that she had passed so close to her enemy, Tina quickly made her way back to her grandmother’s home. Upon learning that Lady Delia was still laid upon her bed with Hugget in attendance, jealous of her mistress’s peace and quiet, Tina said softly, “I shall not try to bother her, Hugget. I may take a drive out after dinner—in a closed carriage, of course. I am a little restless, and as there is no party to go to—”

Hugget, quite aware of the invitationless evening, merely nodded understanding, and returned quietly to take up her vigil in Lady Delia’s dressing room.

Tina accepted a light snack on a tray in her bedroom. The she sent away her maid, and slipping money into her reticule, pulled on a black, hooded cape and slipped quietly downstairs while the servants were at their dinner. Smiling gently at the small page left to attend the door, she went into the street and down to the cab stand beyond the square. There she engaged a vehicle, and asked the driver to take her to the theater in which the popular comedy-drama was currently being presented.

“By Mr. Sheridan,” she added hopefully. “Do you know the theater?”

“That’ll be Drury Lane, Miss,” the cabby said.

Tina was too much interested in all the fascinating sights of London to worry much about the gross impropriety of the step she was taking. To go unescorted to a London theater was quite beyond permission. Still, she was eager to see the performance of which she had heard so much from her partners at recent balls. If she engaged a box, and sat well back, with her hood around her head, she would surely not be recognized.

In the event, it proved impossible to engage a box, since the performance was most popular. The ticket seller did promise her that only one other person, and that another lady, occupied the box she was to share. “I shall take all the rest of the seats, then,” Tina informed him. “And you are not to be pushing any more patrons in with me, sir!”

The youth grinned appreciation of her strategy, and said rather saucily that he might just be along later to make sure she was comfortable. Tina gave him a minatory glance and went to find her place.

When she reached the designated box, Tina opened the door slowly and moved into the darkened space. A girl was leaning over the rail, her attention fixed upon the crowded, loud-talking audience below her. At the sound of the door closing, this girl turned rapidly and eyed the newcomer with some alarm.

At once Tina understood what was happening. The very youthful countenance, now marred with a look of wary defiance, told her that this girl, like herself, was attending the performance without parental approval—or knowledge. The clothing was that of a much-cosseted young lady, but the elaborate black lace shawl draped over the girl’s bright red hair obviously belonged to an older woman. Tina found the child’s attempt to present a mature image rather pathetic. Certainly, she reminded herself, she was in no position to carp at a girl who so loved the theater that she would risk punishment to attend.

She said gently, “Good evening! I am so glad I have not missed the beginning of the play.”

The tense attitude of the other girl relaxed a little, as with a gallant effort at sophistication she said, “Oh, you are in good time, ma’am! Pray be seated!” And then, blushing as she realized she need not play the hostess in a public box, she colored and turned away almost angrily.

“Thank you,” said Tina gently. “This is the first time I have entered a public theater in London. I am glad to have a knowledgeable companion.”

The girl turned back to her slowly, her face a little pale and her manner tentative. “Your first performance! That is an exciting moment.”

Tina came toward her and took a seat near hers. She opened the cloak but did not remove the hood from her head. The younger girl watched curiously.

“Perhaps I should tell you I am thought to be taking a soothing drive in a closed carriage. I am not known to be at the theater.”

The other girl’s face softened into a mischievous grin. “So you are a runaway too!” she teased, her whole pixie face bright with laughter. “My uncle would flay me alive if he knew I was here. I really wouldn’t have come except that I’d already bought the ticket, and I don’t have much pocket money. My Mama is a pinchpenny,” she ended her random speech resentfully.

“Perhaps you’d better move back a little from the rail,” Tina suggested. Her eyes had caught sight of several young male faces turned admiringly up to watch the younger girl’s figure, draped over the edge of the box. “By the way, my name is Tina Long,” she added, conscious of the frown on the child’s face at her assumption of guidance.

Her companion, mollified, smiled back at her. “I am Flora Rate,” she offered. “Why don’t you take off that cloak? You look warm.”

“I do not wish to be recognized,” admitted Tina. “I am in quite enough trouble already!”

Flora chuckled. The confession seemed to remove the last of the stiffness from her manner, and she sat back in her chair and turned eagerly toward Tina. Whatever she might have intended to confide was lost, however, by the raising of the curtain. Both girls settled back to enjoy the play.

By the time the first act was over, Tina decided she had never enjoyed a play more. The London actors were a different breed of beings from the weary, often inept players who toured the counties, or the amateur groups who whiled away a rain-cursed holiday with “theatricals.” The girls were discussing particular parts of the play which had especially pleased them, when the door leading into the corridor was pushed open and two hard-eyed young Bucks came laughing into the box.

Tina’s first impulse was to draw back into the shadows, but Flora rose to her feet, her young face flushed with excitement. The young men made their bows rather flamboyantly, Tina thought, and then addressed Flora.

“You must forgive us, pretty lady, but we thought you were . . . someone we knew.”

“Oh!” Flora’s disappointment was obvious. Emboldened by it, the heavier of the two men came close to her. “But that can be easily remedied, little one, can it not? That is, if we introduce ourselves, then we shall know one another!”

Flora joined in his laughter.

“I am Milton. My friend,” he waved a hand, “is called Thomas. And who have we the pleasure of meeting?” He leered down at Flora.

Tina said coldly, “Whom. Whom have you the pleasure, etcetera. Your grammar is as offensive as your manners.”

Three heads swiveled to face the grim, black-draped figure in the shadows. “Your chaperone!” said Milton sourly. “I had not noticed her.”

“But she isn’t!” protested Flora, disappointed at her new friend’s spoil-sport attitude. “She’s sneaked away from home just as I have!”

Confidence restored, Milton coaxed, “Come out and share a glass of punch with us, little one. I’m sure your friend will have no objections.”

Since Flora obviously had none, Tina was in a quandary. She was certain she had never met either of the young men at any of the entertainments she had gone to with her grandmother. Still, she did not wish to draw attention to herself. How ironic if there should be someone in the theater who had met Lady Delia’s granddaughter!

“I think it might be unwise, Flora,” she was compelled to say. “Your uncle will flay you when he finds out.”

“Well, the child had said it herself. Perhaps it might be enough of a reminder to prevent Flora from committing a folly.

Indeed, the child was looking crestfallen and sober. Milton cast a disgusted look at the dark figure. “What’s the harm in a glass of punch?” he protested self-righteously. Flora added her pleas. Tina began to feel like the spoil-sport Flora thought her. But she also knew that Flora had no business going anywhere with the two philanderers who were trying to scrape acquaintance. She tried to catch Flora’s eye, and shook her head warningly.

But Flora was drunk with her own daring. She had actually been successful in duping her family and the servants, and getting away to the theater. Flushed with her accomplishments, she longed for the further excitement of drinking punch with two flattering male companions. She held out one hand to Milton. “I’ll go with you!”

“That’s the barber!” grinned Milton. “Coming, Tom?”

The other man shrugged. “Might as well. There’s no sport in this pious bitch.”

Flora hesitated, offended at his crudity to her new friend. “Will you not join us, Tina? I am sure you must be as thirsty as I am, after all the laughing we did.”

”I wish you would reconsider, Flora,” she urged. A wicked scheme presented itself to her. “You recall how your uncle acted the last time he caught you with a strange young man?”

Three pairs of eyes flashed to her face. Flora frowned in bewilderment. “But he—” she began to object.

Milton, not so sure now of the wisdom of his behavior, blustered, “ ‘Tis only to drink a glass of punch in a public place. There’ll be half of London in the lobby to chaperone us.”

This idea was naturally distasteful to the girl who was absent without leave from her home. She closed her mouth and looked from Tina to the men.

Thomas less aggressive than his friend, was also having second thoughts. If the forward little piece was really Somebody, or had a fire-eating relative—! It seemed to him wiser to be off to easier, less dangerous, conquests.

Tina observed his dampened enthusiasm with relish. Feeling stimulated by the play-acting, she embroidered her tale. “Why, Mr. Thomas,” she said sweetly, “a very dashing young blade, somewhat of your appearance, tried to cast out lures to Flora in the Pump Room in Bath. My friend’s uncle hired two bravos to accost the hapless fellow on his way to his rooms that evening. They battered the poor wretch into insensibility. But I am sure you will not let that prospect daunt you.”

Thomas was already easing himself out of the box. Milton cast a resentful look at the older girl. “Of course I would not—if I were fool enough to believe you. But it’s almost time for the interval to end, and we must return to our seats. Thanks to your bloody interference, your friend has lost the chance to refresh herself!” With this petulant protest, Milton swept Flora an ostentatious bow, glared at Tina, and followed his friend from the box.

“Now see what you have done!” wailed Flora, dissolving into tears.

Tina led her, crying, to a chair away from the railing.

“Who is that lady in the opposite box?” she asked ingenuously. “She seems to think she knows you, Flora.”

At once the girl stopped crying and huddled back against Tina. “Oh, I dare not look! Who is it? Do you recognize her?”

“No,” admitted Tina with perfect honesty. The woman had not even glanced in their direction, but the ploy had been a good one. Flora was by now thoroughly frightened out of her tantrum, and turned her tear-stained face pathetically toward the older girl.

“I think I had better go home,” she whispered. “I have spoilt the evening for us both.”

“Indeed you have not,” said Tina gently. “It was those encroaching fellows who spoiled it, Flora. A shab-rag couple, with more hair than wit, as my brother Killy would say. But you can rest assured that they will not dare to return to pester us! Shall we try to enjoy the rest of the play?”

“Lady Teazle, Lady Teazle, I’ll not bear it!” came the voice of the actor who played Sir Peter. The audience was intent upon the stage. Flora, however, had taken fright. The unpleasant scene played out in the box was a far cry from her adolescent fantasies, and had quite destroyed her pleasure in her stolen outing. She was beginning to realize that she had been saved from a disastrous situation by the good offices of her new friend. She insisted on leaving the theater while everyone was absorbed in the play.

Tina, who had been enjoying Mr. Sheridan’s wit, was reluctant to leave in mid-scene, as it were. Still she found herself even more unwilling to let the willful child make her own precarious way out of the theater and home. She drew a deep breath of frustration, staring down into the tear-streaked, childish countenance. Did no one care about the girl? Was there no mother to see that she had enough activities suitable for her age to keep her from yearning after these forbidden treats? And this uncle who was so unfeeling—would he not be better escorting the child to some of the functions which might be at once interesting and relatively innocent? Men were such selfish creatures! Her angry disapproval of Flora’s heartless family prodded her into going with the girl to see her safely home.

Since the play was still in progress, there was no difficulty in securing a hackney to take them to Flora’s residence. The girl, subdued and nervous, gave Tina her address in a low voice, and clung to the older girl’s hand all the way to the oppressively elegant mansion.

Tina smiled encouragingly at her as the cabby opened the door. “So, my dear, you are safely arrived! You will do very well from now on, I feel sure.”

Flora refused to release Tina’s Hand. “I do not know how to thank you,” she muttered.

Tina pressed her fingers lightly and said with a warm smile, “If you mean that, I can soon tell you how to reward me for whatever little service I may have performed. Will you promise me that you will not again creep away to the theater without some member of your family or an older friend in attendance? It is really much more pleasant to share the delights of the play with a kindred spirit, you know.”

Flora slanted a mischievous grin under long lashes. “I have found that to be fact! Thanks to your story of the battered betrayer, those two wretches showed their true colors!” she giggled. “Oh, how I wish you were my friend. My life is so dull and—lonely! You made it all so jolly!”

Tina tried to bring the leavetaking to an end. She was sorry for the pretty child, but quite understood how little a chance-met stranger could do to relieve her boredom and loneliness. She said, lightly, “It was really very wicked of me to tell these creatures such a whisker about your uncle. I am sure the poor man never hired a bully in his life.”

The cabby, standing by the door, gave them a sour glance. “Be ye ladies plannin’ to spend the night in there?” he asked.

Flora’s clutch tightened.

“Uncle John would have no need to hire bullies,” she said. “He is a notable exponent of the art of fisticuffs, and would be quite able to mill those villains down without aid! But I loved your story. It was so—exciting!” She pulled at Tina’s hand. “Oh, do come in with me! We can have tea—or a glass of ratafia—at least, you can,” she added. “I am not permitted to indulge in it yet. Oh, do say you will come in with me!”

Correctly estimating that the urgency behind the invitation rose in great part from Flora’s reluctance to enter her home alone, Tina sighed and preceded her out of the hackney. Paying off the driver, she smiled at Flora.

“Yes, thank you, I will come in with you. I owe you something for promising me not to go unattended in the theater, do I not?”

Thankfully, Flora led the way up the massive steps and plied the knocker so softly. Tina feared no one would hear it. To her surprise, the great door swung open almost before Flora’s hand left the knocker. A stern-faced butler frowned down upon the two girls, then stood back and waved them into the hallway.

“Where have you been, Miss Flora? Her Ladyship is most annoyed! Come this way at once, if you please!” No courtesy for Flora’s guest.

Flora had deflated into a miserable posture. Gone was the air of sparkling mischief with which she had greeted the intruders in the box at the theater. Gone even was the wide-eyed, pathetic little figure who had pleaded with Tina in the hackney. This was a girl going to torment, dumbly accepting punishment she knew she could not avoid. Something in Tina rebelled against the transformation—or rather, against those who had so effortlessly affected it.

“I shall come with you, my dear Flora,” she said in her most haughty voice. She glanced arrogantly at the shocked servant. “It is to be hoped that I shall be received with more civility in the drawing room than I have encountered in this hallway.”

She threw back the dark hood, revealing her small beautiful face crowned in gleaming black hair and illumined by the huge brown eyes now blazing magnificently. The butler was stunned by her regal appearance as much as by her words of criticism. Even Flora looked up at her new friend, the faintest flicker of hope in her frightened countenance.

Tina waved a hand at the butler. Completely subdued, Groat turned and led the way up the wide stairs, past the ostentatious gold frames enshrining the noble ancestors of this small, forlorn child beside her, now clinging desperately to her hand. What had they done to the girl, this family of hers? Tina had been used to a good deal of cosseting from her own, amiable family and was truly shocked to observe the behavior of a girl who was reduced to mute terror at the prospect of meeting her Mama. With every step she took up the carpeted stairway, Tina’s sense of outrage increased. Her reading, wide-ranging through several languages and as many centuries, had prepared her to accept the idea of cruel parents and innocent young victims. Had not Agamemnon sacrificed his daughter Iphigenia to the goddess to appease some gods the father himself had insulted? Had not Creon ordered that Antigone, his own son’s fiancée, be buried alive? Had not Medea murdered her two children? By the time Tina reached the drawing room, she had recalled Juliet and the cruel insensitivity of her parents. She swept into the ornately furnished chamber prepared to do battle for poor Flora.

Her somewhat tempestuous entrance was observed and then ignored contemptuously by the middle-aged, high-nosed dame on a satin chair by the meager fire.

It is no wonder the child looks pinched! This place has the chill of a dungeon, thought Tina wrathfully. Flora is denied physical warmth as well as love! She put an arm around the shrinking girl.

The older woman, dressed in an elaborate but unbecoming gown, spoke coldly to her daughter. “This latest example of irresponsible behavior upon your part, Flora, has confirmed my judgment. You will return to the country tomorrow morning, before you can disgrace the Family.” She shook her head at her daughter’s cry of anguish. “Do not offer excuses. I have no wish to know in what squalid surroundings you have been amusing yourself, not with what ill-bred companions.”

“My breeding is obviously different from your own, Milady,” said Tina, carried away from prudence at the sight of Flora’s white, strained face. “In my parents’ home, a guest is treated with courtesy, and a daughter is given a loving hearing before summary judgment is pronounced! The poet Blake truly says: ‘Cruelty has a human heart’!”

Lady Sophia was goggling at this impertinent set-down, when a deep, amused male voice spoke from behind Tina. “God help us, a Bluestocking!” Tina whirled and felt her heart jar in her breast at sight of the tall, powerful man who stood just inside the open doorway, regarding the three women with a sardonic smile. It was the arrogant, hateful Duke of Renfrew! Tina drew a deep breath, more than ever ready to fly to the defence of a girl who had this monster for a relative. But before she could frame her attack, the man looked beyond her to the angry woman upon the chair.

“These young ladies have been attending a very proper—and I am sure, boring—reading of verse at the home of Lady . . .” He paused as though trying to recollect the name of their hostess, and his challenging stare mocked Tina.

“Lady Teazle,” Tina supplied composedly. “And the—readings were far from boring.” Let him handle that one, the arrogant devil!

“I suppose it is all a matter of taste,” acknowledged the devil, with a grin that set her nerve-endings to tingling. “If you had proceeded with the least modicum of tact, my dear Sophia, you would have discovered that this lady who accompanied your daughter this evening is Miss Athena Long, a well-known scholar and granddaughter of Lady Cordelia Camden. She and the Dowager Duchess of Nairn are firing off their débutantes this Season.”

“I have not seen either of them at Almack’s,” objected Lady Sophia, scrutinizing Tina with a jaundiced air.

“I am afraid Miss Long is too busy with her studies to care for dancing—or so I have been led to believe,” and his smile at Tina was as cruel as his words had been in the conservatory.

“Does Lady Camden permit you to go unescorted to soirées?” Lady Sophia pursued relentlessly. “And why did you, Flora, fail to inform your maid as to your destination when you went out? The stupid girl did not seem to know anything of your plans when I questioned her!”

Renfrew laughed. “But then you have such formidable manner when you are questioning anyone, my dear Sophia! Perhaps you frightened the poor female into speechlessness?”

Lady Sophia glared at her brother. Tina could see that there was no love lost between the pair. She hated the Duke, of course, but he had intervened with a wily suggestion in a moment of stress, and Tina decided to use him as an ally to help poor Flora.

“Her Ladyship spoke of you tonight, Your Grace,” she smiled complacently. “She said you—”

The Duke held up one strong, lean hand. “Spare my blushes,” he intoned, his eyes bright and predatory, “or I shall have to tell everyone what she said of you, Miss Long.”

It was a warning, clearly. Tina stared at the mocking face for a moment and then backed down. “It was flattering,” she advised him, and he laughed shortly.

His sister regarded the two suspiciously. “You know this girl well, Renfrew?” she queried.

“I was introduced to Miss Long at the Nairn Ball. We have met a few times since.” His air was off-hand, discouraging comment.

Lady Sophia was never content to let well enough alone. “I had not realized you had literary pretensions, John,” she sneered.

Tina was seized by an irresistible urge. “But Lady Sophia, His Grace’s triplets are famous, and his sonnets quite bring me to raptures!” She sighed theatrically, and rolled her eyes heavenward.

To her surprise, the Duke threw back his handsome head and laughed heartily. Then, sobering under his sister’s vitriolic stare, he said smugly, “I am flattered to have made such an impression upon you, Miss Long.”

Drat the man, fumed Tina. He knew what he had said about her—and also that he had scotched her chances for a voucher for Almack’s. Suddenly all the fun drained out of her, and Tina wanted nothing more than to leave this maddening man and his cruel sister and seek sanctuary in her grandmother’s home. She turned and made a graceful curtsey to Flora’s mother.

“Now that I have seen Flora safely home to you, Milady, I must take my leave. My grandmother will be waiting to hear about the—the reading.”

Lady Sophia gave a grudging nod, and Flora thankfully escorted her new friend out into the wide hallway and down the stairs. As they left, both girls heard Lady Sophia’s suspicious voice saying, “I have not heard of a Lady Teazle, Renfrew! There is the dowdy Gracelle female who is forever rambling on about poets, but she—”

“They are all beyond your notice, Sophia,” the Duke’s deep voice came to the girls. “I advise you to forget it.”

“I would not have Flora turning into a female pedant!” snapped his sister.

The girls hurried on down the stairs.

“How will you get home?” whispered Flora. “Shall I ask Groat to summon a hackney?”

“That will be unnecessary,” the Duke’s voice advised them.

“How did you get here?” Flora cried out. “You are upstairs talking to Mama!”

“I am?” queried the Duke silkily. “And I thought I was about to drive Miss Athena Long back to her grandmother’s house. For you must know that I could not permit her to try to find a hackney at this hour. Not even a Bluestocking could survive the scandal if it came out that she was roaming the streets unescorted at midnight!”

Both girls were forced to admit the truth of this. Flora hastily kissed Tina on the cheek, pressed her hand in a speaking manner, and fled back up the stairs.

“Silly little chit,” muttered the Duke, and offered his arm to Tina.

As Groat was at this moment opening the great front door, Tina accepted the proferred arm with good grace and trod down the steps beside him.

To her surprise, The Duke helped her up into a dazzling smart curricle and tucked a light robe over her knees. This was very acceptable, as the night had turned chilly. Without conversation, the Duke tooled his pair through the quiet night streets. It was not far from Lady Sophia’s home to that of Lady Delia, and the girl hoped the silence might be maintained for the whole journey. This hope, alas, was not destined to be realized, for the big man looming at Tina’s shoulder took a path through a shadowy park, and turned to face her.

“And now you may explain why you saw fit to spirit my silly niece off to see The School for Scandal without lettering her inform any of us that you were doing so.”

Unwilling to betray Flora, Tina refused to answer. There was a strained silence.

Then the Duke brought his pair to a halt. “You had better decide to explain you little stratagem, for I intend keeping you here until I know the whole.”

This patronizing bullying set Tina’s teeth on edge. Wanted to know the whole, did he? She turned and glared up into the dark face looming above her—too close.

“But I thought the omniscient Duke of Renfrew already knew everything—about everything,” she intoned with icy sweetness.

Her antagonist threw her off again, this time by chuckling softly. “What a strange, many-faceted creature you are,” he said silkily. “Pedant, coquette, schemer, enigma! Which one—if any of them—is the true persona? Are you shallow or wily, angelic or vicious? You will tell me now, truly, exactly why you took my niece to a play. Did you arrange for her to meet some of your less acceptable friends there? Perhaps hoping to entrap the child?”

Tina flung up her hand before he could continue. The smack of it against his cheek was loud enough to startle the high-bred team.

The Duke caught at her hand.

“That was ill advised,” he said quietly.

Tina was beyond caution. “I do not have to remain in this curricle to listen to your vile insults,” she flamed. “I found myself in the same box with your niece this evening, both of having slipped away to indulge an interest which even you must admit is a natural one. I had never met Flora before, but it struck me at once that she was very young to be in such a place unchaperoned. In addition, her enthusiasm, quite natural in itself, might have been misinterpreted by a more worldly eye.” She paused, trying to phrase her explanation in a way that would present Flora in a better light. She hated and despised this man, but her own feelings must not be permitted to do harm to the younger girl. She went on in a quieter voice.

“Flora was so enchanted with the whole experience that she was—” Tina sought for words—“perhaps more exuberant than—than—”

“She was making a show of herself,” finished the Duke grimly. “What exactly was she doing?”

“She was—er—hanging over the railing of the box, staring at the audience with interest and pleasure,” answered Tina.

The Duke groaned. “And of course making herself the focus of attention for every lecherous—”

“She is very young,” protested Tina. “She had no idea!”

The Duke drew a breath. “What next did my idiotic niece do?”

“I engaged her attention, and managed to draw her away from the front of the box. We conversed very amiably until the play started, when of course we both attended to the action upon stage. It was in the first interval—” Her voice faltered.

The Duke raised his eyebrows. “Now we get to it. You invited some friends to your box?”

“You are the most insulting, bigoted, foul-minded man I have ever had the misfortune to meet!” seethed Tina

The Duke laughed derisively. “I know your sort! No more pseudo-virtuous bridlings, no more play-acting! I want the truth—at once!”

Tina set her teeth. “At the first interval two men came into the box without knocking. I hid in the shadows, my hood over my head. No, before you ask me! I had never seen either of them before. They announced to your niece that their names were Milton and Thomas, and asked Flora who they had the pleasure of meeting. I told them I found their grammar as offensive as their manners.”

Again, surprising her, the Duke laughed. “Ever the pedant!” he mocked.

“You cannot have it both ways,” Tina flared. “If I am a pedant, I am not—”

“Not what? mocked her tormentor. “You are well read enough to know that some of the greatest courtesans have been intelligent, even cultured women.”

“Do you want to hear the rest of the story or not?” gritted Tina, unable to bear his mockery.

“Tell on!” His teeth flashed in a grin.

She could not understand the mood that seemed to have seized him. His eyes glinted with laughter, yet he had accused her of dreadful things! Tina shook her head, wishing that she had some of Maddy Cope’s understanding of the male sex. “The proper study of mankind is man,” she heard herself saying, to her horror.

The Duke grinned at her. “Now I wonder why Pope’s Essay on Man should be on your mind at this moment? Can it be that there is a man you wish to understand?”

“Quoting poetry is a bad habit we Bluestockings have, so my Grandmother informs me. She despairs of launching me successfully. And of course she is right. With enemies like you, Your Grace, no woman could hope to be accepted in Society.”

Even in the dim light, Tina could see that he was frowning angrily. “It is not my disapproval but your own immature behavior which will bar you from the Polite World! You have not yet told me what happened in the theater box tonight.”

“At first,” said Tina in a low voice, “the two men took me for Flora’s chaperone. I had my hood up, as I told you. Flora at once disabused them—”

“She would!” muttered the Duke.

Tina paid him no attention. “They urged Flora to go down to the lobby with them for a glass of punch. I tried to dissuade her. When she insisted, I—I concocted a tale.”

“Predictably,” agreed the Duke provocatively.

Again the girl ignored his interruption. “I reminded her of the time her uncle discovered an unsuitable youth paying court to her. Hiring two bullies, this uncle had the unfortunate youth beaten into insensibility. Thomas and Milton retreated with more haste than dignity.”

“Was I the rather inadequate hero of your tale?”

Tina refused to rise to this challenge. “Since I did not then know Flora’s uncle was Renfrew,” she said quietly, “you were not.”

“Or you would have made my role in the drama even less heroic?”

Tina continued doggedly. After the men withdrew, Flora was alarmed at the unpleasant possibilities of her situation. We came home in a hackney. That is the story.”

The Duke, silent, gave his horses the office to proceed. The journey to Tina’s home was speedily accomplished. The Duke helped her out and accompanied her to the door.

“Shall I ring, or do you prefer to slip in by a side door?”

Disdaining to answer, Tina plied the knocker. Then she turned to the shadowy figure beside her. “I should be grateful if you would leave at once,” she said quietly. “I shall have enough trouble without having to explain you.”

Laughing quietly, the Duke made her a bow and strode back to his curricle. He had driven away before her grandmother’s butler opened the door.





6



Tina’s grandmother did not learn of her misadventure. Dolby, the butler, with whom Tina had come to be a prime favorite, simply neglected to mention that he had let Miss Tina into the house at midnight, when everyone else, including Lady Delia, believed her to be safely tucked into her bed hours earlier.

Dolby had a word with the girl as he served her breakfast the following morning. As he offered her a platter of delicious baked ham slices, the butler asked her in stern fatherly tones where she had been last night and with whom. Looking up at his kindly, concerned face, Tina told him.

His advice, quietly given and gratefully received, was that Miss Tina refrain from flouting the established rules of Society, lest she become notorious, find herself unsought, and dwindle into an ape-leader.

Much struck by this dismal picture, Tina assured him that she would follow his advice to the letter. He filled her cup, presented the ham a second time, and expressed the opinion that the day would be fine. Tina agreed, and they parted with mutual respect.

Six days later Lady Delia came into the library, where Tina was working on her book. The girl saw at once that her grandmother was in high gig. A sympathetic smile brightened her rather solemn face.

“Do open the budget, Grandmama,” she coaxed, “I can see you are cock-a-hoop about something!”

For once ignoring the child’s regrettable tendency to use cant, Lady Delia thrust an invitation into her hands. Tina scanned the impressive missive with mounting interest and pleasure.

His Grace the Duke of Renfrew requests the honour of the company

of the Lady Cordelia Camden and Miss Athena Long at a Ball . . .

“But Grandmama, this is impossible—!”

“And why do you say that, you silly girl, when you have the invitation in your hand?” Lady Delia frowned. “I wonder what caused his change of heart? I was so certain he had taken you in dislike! He is such an arrogant creature, playing Providence with everyone’s life!”

“Why, then, we must refuse his invitation, and teach him that he can’t direct our lives,” said Tina, more cheerfully than she felt.

“Are you mad? No one refuses Renfrew!” said her grandmother absently. She was already planning her campaign to get her beloved, if difficult, grandchild firmly established in Society. “We have a week. Time to get a new dress for you, my dear. I have never felt that you looked your best in the pastels which seem to be reserved for débutantes. Pink! Baby blue! Missish. With your lovely, unusual coloring, I think perhaps . . . apricot!”

Tina could feel laughter rising within her like a warm bubbling tide. The arrogant Duke had sent her—despised double-dealer though he had named her—an invitation to his Ball! She chuckled softly.

“Apricot? Are you planning to drape me in fresh fruit?”

Lady Delia rightly ignored this badinage. She went on, firmly. “Yes, that’s the color! It will give your face warmth, and set off your beautiful hair and eyes. I’ll go to Melanie. Something rather special, I think. None of this ingénue plainness. And the Camden pearls, of course.”

Tina expressed her gratitude suitably, but there had come into her expression a little uncertainty. Lady Delia, sharp-eyed, saw it and challenged her.

“I wonder,” asked Tina slowly, “why he has done it? Could it be some plot to pay me back for my unguarded comments at the Nairn Ball?”

“He has probably been observing your behavior at the last few functions we have attended, and has realized that your pert remarks on the evening of your first meeting were due to nervousness, and were not characteristic of you, my dear! He may be arrogant, but Renfrew is a just man, I would swear to it! I am sure that is what has happened.” She stared at Tina. “Circumspection. That must be your watchword, Athena. If Renfrew is seen to have forgiven you, the voucher for Almack’s is in our hands!”

Tina tried to master her resentment as she considered the power held by the haughty Duke. It irked her that his slightest word should determine her fate and cut up or restore her grandmother’s peace. Strangely enough, she still felt that odd warm glow of happiness within her. He had changed his mind! Or, more interesting, had a change of heart, as Lady Delia had put it. Could it be that he had begun to like her? Tina frowned. It was probably just that he was grateful for her rescue of Flora.

Tina had not heard from the girl since the night at the theater. She hoped her formidable Mama had not sent her into limbo as she had threatened.

Sighing, Tina watched her grandmother bustling out of the library on the first of many important errands connected with the invitation—not the least important of which would be to discover whether her old friend’s granddaughter Jennifer had also been invited. Tina turned resolutely back to her composition. The book which she had coaxed Lady Delia into permitting her to work on was the fruit of an idea she had had while watching her maid and the maids of her mother and sister at Malong Hall. The young servants had been pathetically anxious to “improve themselves” so that they might be as knowledgeable as the Town servants who frequently accompanied their mistresses to visit with the Longs. At one point, Athena had decided to work with the girls, improving their pronunciation and vocabulary, as well as opening to them just a glimpse of the life of the mind.

Dulcinia Long had not approved of her bookish daughter’s efforts, but she had merely warned Tina not to lead the chits to think above their station.

At which moment in a surge of anger which quite surprised herself, Tina had resolved to create some sort of manual which young servants could use to enrich and enlarge their mental capacity. Hence the book. Of course Lady Delia had been horrified to learn what a ruinous diversion her grandchild was engaging herself in, but when, at the end of a particularly powerful lecture on the evils of appearing bookish, Lady Delia saw the stubborn set of Tina's soft lips, and the mulish thrust of her jaw, the older woman stopped with a despairing shake of the head.

“I can see I am not having much effect upon you, Athena! Yet you agreed to be guided by me. Do you not realize that to be known as the author of a book puts you at once beyond the boundaries of the Beau Monde? A literary tradesperson! It would be awkward enough if you wrote amusing verses occasionally—for such faddish dilettantism is permissible among males and safely-married females. But a book about the education of servants! I cannot think what everyone would say! Can you not at least suspend work upon this volume until you . . . that is, until—”

“Until I am safely wedded?” Tina completed wryly. “Oh, Grandmother, if you only knew how urgently I long to put my mind to use, sometimes, upon something more challenging than the latest gossip! It was the dearth of mental stimulation which drove me away from the Assemblies at home—and you knew it when you brought me to London.”

Lady Delia nodded rueful agreement. “I cannot understand this need to be forever whetting your wits against a problem, but I will admit you have never deceived me about your weakness, child. Continue to work upon your tutelary tome, then, if you must,” and she twinkled at the now-smiling girl, “but as you love me, do not let anyone outside these walls know what you are doing! I promise you, such knowledge will be fatal to all of my plans for you!”

Now as she turned once more to her work, Tina wondered if, in truth, she was sensible to continue in a campaign to catch an acceptable parti. Acceptable to whom? Her parents wished only for their charming changeling to be happy; Grandmother had the same goal, but saw it as social position. Tina stared at her manuscript without seeing it, as she asked herself the question: What would make me happy? Then to her shocked surprise, the image of a darkly handsome, mocking, arrogant face rose before her inner vision.

. . . Renfrew!

The one man in all London to whom the idea of marrying Miss Athena Long would be the most repugnant! The man who had scorned, insulted, sneered at her! Who had even frustrated Lady Delia’s attempts to get her a voucher to Almack’s! How could his face, his name, come so powerfully into her mind? Tina put away her manuscript in its special drawer and went to her room, disturbed by her own wayward heart.





7



Lady Delia’s dressmaker produced a triumph. The apricot gown was all and more than she had hoped. Its softly rich color gave delightful warmth to the pretty face; its artful draping made the most of the small slender figure. And it was, in truth, the perfect background for Tina’s lovely hair. Lady Delia caught her breath as the girl entered her grandmother’s room the night of the Duke’s Ball. She had never realized how huge and mysteriously golden-shining Athena’s eyes could be, or how attractive was her youthful grace. The current fashion was for tall, stately blondes with massive bosoms and long-nosed, classical features. This girl was the antithesis of the mode, yet she managed to radiate a kind of magic sweetness in the new gown.

“The color suits you,” announced Lady Delia simply.

Tina smiled. “I think so, too, Grandmama,” she said happily. “Who would have thought a simple apricot had so much good in it!”

“Is that a quotation?” asked Lady Delia suspiciously. "If so, I beg you not to repeat it.”

Tina’s joyous ripple of laughter brought the smile back to her grandmother’s face. The older woman did herself present a noteworthy appearance. She had chosen brown velvet and the Camden rubies, and offered an opulent yet modish image.

“I believe we shall do very well,” she said, leading the way down to the carriage.

Her words seemed prophetic. A veritable crowd of Corinthians, Bloods, and petty noblemen surrounded Tina as soon as she had paid her respects to Lady Sophia, acting as her brother’s hostess. This lady greeted her with cold civility, saying only, “Ah, yes, you are the one who is interested in Poetry,” as though it were a gaucherie. Tina was thankful to escape to the warmth of the obvious interest of the Duke’s male guests.

As for the Duke himself, she had refused to face him as she followed her grandmother down the reception line. She had kept her eyes upon his chest, tonight elegantly robed in a shirt and cravat of finest lawn. As his large hand clasped her small one, he had pressed quite hard, and turned the fingers slightly.

“What! No ink stains?” he murmured wickedly, enjoying the quick rush of tender color to the girl’s cheeks.

He cannot know of the manuscript! was the girl’s first terrified thought. Then she recalled that Bluestockings were supposed to be distinguished by inky fingers, or at least dusty ones, and drew a thankful breath. She moved quickly down the line, accepting introductions to the Duke’s heir, Harry who snubbed her; Flora, looking very subdued and unhappy, but brightening at sight of Tina’s face; and ending with Nigel, Flora’s younger brother, who had a pleasant open friendliness which soothed Tina’s exacerbated spirits.

The healing continued very prosperously under the marked attentions Tina received during the evening. In fact, the only man who did not seem to want to know her better was her host, who, after his initial greeting, did not seem aware of her presence. Tina told herself that as the host, the duke had of course to do many duty dances, and was encouraged in this belief by catching sight of him moving gracefully around the dance floor with her grandmother. But after the elaborate and delicious supper, which Tina and Jennifer ate with four attentive young men as their partners, Tina felt a sudden weariness possess her. Somehow the evening, so eagerly awaited, had turned heavy and dull. Looking around the circle of animated faces at her table, she could not understand her deep sense of disappointment. When the group rose to return to the ballroom, Tina found herself strangely reluctant to follow.

A hard hand caught her elbow as she lagged behind.

“May I have this extra dance, Miss Long? The orchestra are playing several short dances while the guests are at dinner.”

By this time, Tina and her impromptu partner were at the door of the ballroom. It was true; the musicians were rendering some dashing tunes of which a number of young couples were taking advantage. Tina recognized Jennifer and Flora, both laughing and obviously pleased with their youthful partners. Tina turned her face up to meet the Duke’s intent gaze.

“This is the Children’s Hour, I see,” she said with a wide, lovely smile. “Thank you for indulging us.”

The Duke swept her rather roughly into his embrace. “We are neither of us to be classed with the schoolroom set, Miss Long,” he said, irked that she emphasized the difference in their ages.

Tina’s heart fell. She had longed for this man to take her into his arms, yet now he had done so, it seemed that they would be at odds during the brief dance. She tried another subject.

“It was good of you to ask me to your Ball.” she began.

“Flora made my life miserable until I did so,” the Duke replied coolly. “She has been forever plaguing me and my sister to ask you to become her companion—”

Tina stiffened in his arms.

“What arrogance!” she hissed, her small face flushed with anger. “I could have become a governess without coming to London for the Season! Do you think Lady Camden would approve of my hiring out as a servant?”

The Duke watched her furious little countenance with a rueful smile. “I have said it wrong again,” he acknowledged, but Tina was too hurt and angry to listen. “I only meant—”

“You meant to put the devious little schemer in her place—as one of your sister’s servants!” flamed Tina, a little restricted at having to conduct the quarrel in low tones. She tried to get out of the Duke’s arms, but the maddening man merely tightened his embrace. Tina was about to create a scene when the music ended, and the laughing young couples began to move off the floor. Jennifer and her swain came up on one side, and Flora hastened toward Tina on the other.

With a sardonic grimace, the Duke made his bow and walked away. I shall go home at once, fumed Tina, but even as she thought it, she knew she could not so distress her grandmother. Making her excuses to Jennifer and Flora and their partners, she slipped away.

Not to a conservatory, she advised herself. I do not have good fortune in such a place. Opening a door, she was enchanted to discover a great library, with shelves of books on all four walls and a fine fire crackling in the grate. Tina drew a breath of satisfaction and began to prowl along the walls. Within a minute she had found a book she had often heard of but never read, and had settled herself in guilty comfort at one end of the room beside a shaded lamp.

She was interrupted in her absorbed appreciation of the book by the sound of the door suddenly being thrust open.

Facing back into the hall, a girl with a head of blonde curls and a striking green dress was speaking to someone, obviously a servant.

“. . . now you will do as I instructed you—at once! Give my message to His Grace.”

Tina, putting down her book reluctantly, was rising to announce her surely undesired presence when the girl went on. “Send another footman here to me this instant!”

As the girl shut the door and turned into the room, Tina found herself sinking down into the chair which was facing away from the door. The girl moved toward the fire, humming softly to herself. Tina could see her clearly in the firelight, although the great library was poorly illuminated by two small lamps. Tina recalled seeing the girl several times during the evening, for her voice was louder than average and her dress more extreme than Tina herself approved. Why had she sent for the Duke? Tina was appalled to realize that she might be interrupting a planned rendezvous, and was about to rise and make whatever awkward excuses she could dredge up, when a knock came upon the door and a servant entered.

The girl whirled to meet him. “It took you long enough,” she snapped, and then went on. “Go to the card-room at once and find my father. He is Sir Oswald Pennet, a heavy-set man with a balding head. Tell him he is wanted in the Library—and stay with him to lead him here!”

Tina sank down again into the chair. There was a plan afoot, that was obvious, but whether it would be to His Grace’s benefit was not equally clear.

At this instant the door opened without preliminary warning, and the Duke strode into the room. Seeing the girl waiting for him in front of the fire, which silhouetted her figure tantalizingly, he halted and frowned at her.

“Miss Pennet! What is wrong? I received an urgent message—”

While he was speaking, Colinette walked toward him, lifted her hand to her neckline and tore her gown from one white shoulder. Then, smiling, she tousled the careful arrangement of curls on her head. Looking shockingly disheveled, she began to laugh at the expression on the Duke’s face.

The door opened. With a swift movement, Colinette threw her arms around the Duke’s shoulders.

A heavy-set, balding man walked into the room, observed the tableau, and roared, “Your Grace, what is the meaning of this?”

Tina came forward, clapping her hands. “Well done, Colinette! You would win a place in any theatrical company. I vow! I have never seen a better performance!”

It was hard to tell which of her three auditors was the more astounded. Then Colinette, quick off the mark, began to sob noisily. Her father stared, red-faced, from one to another. The Duke’s hard, handsome countenance had assumed its wonted hauteur.

After a moment, Sir Oswald said grimly, “I demand that someone explain this disgraceful scene to my satisfaction!”

Tina smiled serenely at him. The Duke watched her intently. “I have been here in the library since supper. Your daughter came in, sent a footman to fetch the Duke, and one to bring you.” She turned to the other girl. “Colinette, perhaps you would wish to explain to your Papa what next occurred?”

Colinette hissed at her. “I wish to say nothing! The situation speaks for itself!” She cast a languishing glance at the Duke.

Sir Oswald glared at the silent nobleman who was now leaning casually against the mantel, watching the scene with an air of cynical amusement.

Sir Oswald’s eyes darted from one to the other like an actor who has been given the wrong cue. Then he faced the Duke, blustering, “How do you explain this, My Lord Duke? My daughter’s disarray . . . her tears . . . ?”

“I make no effort to do so,” replied Renfrew imperturbably. “I am as much in the dark as you appear to be, sir. I arrived here two minutes before you, to be greeted by this—ah—situation. I can only infer, from what Miss Long says, that your daughter has been practicing for some sort of theatrical performance, and that the two of them wished to . . . surprise us.”

Sir Oswald gnawed at his full lower lip. “I cannot accept that. My Lord Duke! My daughter’s clothing ripped from her—her hair falling down—”

“Why don’t you ask her?” suggested the Duke, obviously bored.

The baron turned upon his daughter. “Well, Colinette, what has happened?” He glanced sourly at Tina. “What is this girl doing here?”

The blonde minx turned a furious face toward the awkward witness to her stratagem. “You were here all the time?” she blurted. “Why did you not speak up sooner? You’ve ruined everything, you interfering little bitch!”

Tina laughed. “Perhaps you had better mind your tongue, Colinette. Your Papa and the Duke will be guessing that you had some sly little plan to entrap His Grace—”

“That’s a lie!” cried Colinette, and broke into heart-rending sobs.

It was too late. Her father, who might have supported her ploy had it not been for the unexpected observer, was now as angry at his bungling offspring as he had formerly been at her supposed seducer.

“Pull your dress together and tidy your hair,” he said. “I’ll get your cape and take you home.” He strode into the hall, slamming the door behind him.

In the ensuing silence, Colinette pulled up her dress and ran her fingers through her hair. She did not look at either of her companions. Tina peeped at the massive, unbending figure of the Duke and glanced quickly away. He was not frowning, but his expression, for some reason, frightened Tina.

Ye gods! She thought, with a thrill of panic, he cannot believe that I was party to any of this!

Sir Oswald, grim of face, returned with his daughter’s cloak. In silence he pulled it around her.

The door was thrust open again, and a stout, sour-visaged dame swept into the room, scanned the occupants, and said in a very loud voice, “What is the meaning of this?”

The Duke lifted one cynical eyebrow. “Not again!”

Lady Pennet ignored him, “Colinette, why are you here in this state of dishevelment? she began, and then her eyes returned to her well-cloaked daughter with surprise and censure.

“It won’t fadge, Mama,” said Colinette sharply. “This—this little drab has been here the whole time.”

Lady Pennet made a quick recovery. “You mean there has been an orgy taking place in this very room?” Her small eyes darted from one to another as she assessed her chances at some discreet extortion.

Tina gave her a complacent smirk. “I am the Duke’s fiancée. Oh, we have not announced it as yet,” she said, in reply to the utter incredulity on three of the four faces before her. “You will understand that arrangements must be made! I trust you will not seek to make public what you have heard here tonight? Gossip can be so awkward, can it not?” And she looked meaningly at Colinette.

Sir Oswald caught his wife’s arm as she opened her mouth to continue the attack. “Shut up, Ophelia!” he advised tersely. “That cock won’t fight.”

When the Pennets had closed the door behind them, Tina exhaled deeply. “Phew!”

“Yes,” agreed the Duke. He watched her as she walked over and sat down near the fire. “I suppose you think you have done something clever?”

“As a matter of fact, I do,” admitted Tina smugly. “I believe the phrase is saved your bacon.”

“And of course you had nothing to do with the original conspiracy,” he continued smoothly.

Tina flung back her head proudly. “Your Grace, I did not!”

“I do not choose to believe you,” the Duke said coldly. He held up a restraining hand. “Oh, perhaps you were not in the little minx’s confidence earlier, but you were quick enough to take advantage of the situation, were you not? ‘I am the Duke’s fiancée,’ ” he quoted savagely. “And you tell me you don’t know that will be all over London by tomorrow evening?”

“But I warned her not to gossip, lest I spread the story of her daughter’s trick,” faltered Tina.

“Are you naïve enough to think that will stop her? If she gets her story in first, anything you may say will be taken as mere desperate defence.” He scanned her appalled face sardonically. “Oh, you have feathered your nest well, little opportunist!”

Tina’s dark eyes met his steadily, although her face was pale. “You cannot believe that,” she pleaded.

The Duke’s derisive smile was his only answer.

Tina set her jaw. “I shall return home at once,” she said quietly. “When I am no longer in view, any possible gossip must die for want of an object.”

“Running away? Is that your only response when you have suffered a setback?” sneered His Grace. “Think a moment! If the new fiancée suddenly disappears, what a feast that will offer to the gossip-mongers! They will be saying I have murdered you.” And from the look on his face, Tina feared that was just what he would like to do.

“No, we must play the game as you have announced it, little schemer,” he said coldly. “I promise you, I’ll make you regret your double-dealing.”

“Let us break it off, publicly,” pleaded the girl.

The Duke laughed harshly. “You think that will restore my prestige? To be jilted by a wretched chit of a Bluestocking?”

“Then you may jilt me, publicly!” urged the girl, now appalled at the situation into which her light-hearted well-meaning words had plunged them both.

His Grace regarded her consideringly. “It occurs to me that I might find a use for you, Athena. What a misnomer that is,” he added, mockingly. “Goddess of Wisdom! You’ve scarce two wits to rub together, making such a totty-headed play as to claim to be my affianced wife. Why did you do it, if not to feather your own nest?”

“I was trying to save you from a rather sordid little plot which that girl was setting up under my very eyes,” protested Tina.

“By seeking to victimize me yourself!?” prodded the Duke scornfully. “A likely story!”

“What use—can you find for me?” pleaded Tina, seeking to end his sneering questions by harking back to his disturbing statement.

His Grace pursed well-cut lips. “It will suit me to permit the subterfuge to continue during this Season, I shall use you to fend off further attempts at forcing me to the altar.”

“Are you not afraid I might take advantage of you?” challenged the girl, for some reason very sore at heart.

The Duke laughed harshly. “I am completely in control of the situation,” he said. “When I am safely through the Season, I shall discover that we are not, after all, suited, and renounce the relationship. With your full agreement,” he added, threateningly.

Tina glowered at him. Wild thoughts of vengeance pulsed in her mind. Renounce the engagement, would he? What if she were first to do so? In front of his friends? That would serve him right!

The Duke watched the angry, uncertain expression with an enigmatic smile.

“Go and fetch your grandmother here,” he ordered. “I shall set up my strategy with her before making the—public announcement.”

“Oh, cannot it wait until tomorrow?” urged Tina. Every minute she stayed close to this overpowering male, her senses weakened her will. He was so—masculine, all the magnificent height and strength and virility of him! She feared to draw a breath, lest his male ambience quite unnerve her.

The Duke grinned callously. “Beginning to find it is not as easy as you supposed? Get your grandmother! I won’t tell you again!”

In a blaze of fury, Tina swept from the library, pursued by low, mocking laughter.

Lady Delia was more surprised than her granddaughter when the Duke announced his decision. After welcoming her to the room, inquiring after her health, asking if she had enjoyed the Ball, and receiving her gracious assurances, the wretched man cocked a derisive eyebrow at the fuming Tina.

“I have asked that you meet me here in private so that we may resolve a rather delicate situation,” he began. “It has been agreed between your granddaughter and myself that we should announce our engagement tonight, at the Ball—”

The normally composed Lady Camden gasped “What?” and stared incredulously from His Grace to Tina. Then, making a quick recovery, she said, “But that is quite impossible! Her parents—”

“It must be tonight,” said the Duke portentously.

“How he is enjoying this, the devil!” thought Tina, seeing the flow of expressions—alarm, suspicion, dismay—which moved across Delia’s countenance.

“There is nothing like that,” Tina said austerely, and was enraged to observe His Grace smothering a laugh.

“I do not understand,” whispered Lady Delia. “I beg you to confide in me, dear child.”

“There is nothing to confide, Grandmama,” said Tina hotly, her eyes defiant upon the Duke’s. “It is only that—”

“That we have agreed to announce our engagement,” interposed the Duke smoothly, “and I should like it, above all things, to have you at my side as Athena and I face the guests in a few minutes.” He smiled beguilingly at the confused older woman. “Will you not give us your blessing, Lady Delia? I am sure Athena’s parents will be happy to be guided by your decision!”

He slanted a mocking glance at Tina. Since you came here to London for the sole purpose of catching a husband, his smile told her. Tina had not enough nous to fence with a man of the Duke’s sophistication. Desperately she told herself she would explain everything to her grandmother, refuse to sanction the announcement, rush from the mansion into the street—and while she was reviewing these unsatisfactory alternatives, the Duke was bowing over the hand of a suddenly gracious Lady Camden.

“Thank you for your generosity and your support,” his deep voice sounded like a knell in Tina’s ears. He offered an arm to both ladies, led them from the room, paused to a moment to speak a word to his imposing butler, and then led his two companions slowly and with a sudden air of great formality into the ballroom.

The musicians were resting between dances. The Duke continued his slow and imposing progress directly across the shining floor. Gradually the small party was observed, and the guests stood back to provide it free passage. It had all the dignity of a royal progress, Tina thought, unable to face the curious, envious, or startled stares of her fellow-guests.

In the event, her rosy cheeks and lowered glance did her no harm with the sticklers present. Lady Delia also contributed to the correctness and tone of the proceedings. The older woman was much liked in the Ton, for she was unfailingly good natured and kind. So it was with almost universal good will, albeit with rampant curiosity, that the guests crowded in after the trio to learn the reason for His Grace’s behavior.

His announcement stunned his guests. There was a hiss of comment, several startled exclamations, and finally a general murmur of congratulations. Charles Vernell hastened forward, with Flora on his arm, to shake his friend’s hand while Flora kissed Tina’s cheek. Then the Duke indicated the doorway, where the butler appeared, attended by half a dozen footmen bearing trays of glasses.

“I invite you to pledge the health of my fiancée, and our happiness,” he called out. The footmen were busy with glasses and champagne. Lady Sophia appeared at His Grace’s shoulder, affronted that he had not informed her of the step he was taking, but unwilling to remain out of the limelight at this important moment. Soon the Duke had arranged an informal line of his family, Charles, Lady Delia, and Tina, to receive the guests’ congratulations and good wishes.

Once or twice during the reception, after some particularly outrageous expression of his happiness in his new estate, the Duke slanted a malicious smile at Tina. She smiled back with saccharine sweetness, which unfortunately only seemed to amuse the wretched creature.

When the seemingly endless parade of well-wishers had finally passed, the Duke gave a sign to the leader of the orchestra. The musicians obligingly struck up a sentimental waltz, and His Grace the Duke of Renfrew led his new fiancée out onto the floor. Tina cast him an agonized glance.

Through a wide, fixed smile he murmured down at her. “Oh, yes, my dear, you are going to dance with me for as long as I wish. I intend to get full measure from this—this engagement. Now smile, and don’t miss your step!”

Cruel beast! Tina set her jaw, lifted her head and swung out with all the style of which she was capable. He should not shame her in front of his curious, back-biting friends! Athena Long would prove herself equal to whatever challenge this hateful man could make.

Well content with the success of his strategy, the Duke swung his little deceiver gracefully around the floor, and a number of his acquaintances began to think that John Stone had chosen more wisely than they had at first decided. For the girl, an unknown débutante, looked positively regal—or at least, ducal—in a most attractive gown, whose warm color brought a delicately becoming flush to her pretty face. All that lovely shining hair, thought some of the seasoned Bucks: how erotic it would look spread across a white pillow! And those huge, golden, eyes: how challenging they were in that sweet face! How they would melt and glow with passion!

The female observers murmured their surprise and aired their conjectures sotto voce. It might be unwise, to say the least, to be overheard criticizing the future Duchess of Renfrew. A very few dissidents openly questioned the suitability of the unequal match, and a few others demanded plaintively to be told who this Miss Athena Long could be, since one had never met her at Almack’s! But Flora’s enthusiastic pleasure in the match, and Lady Delia Camden’s smiling confidence, went far to silence conjecture.

Gradually the floor filled with other dancers, and the agony of being the focus of all eyes was reduced for Tina.

“Can we stop now?” she muttered to her smiling partner.

“Do not tell me you are tiring of me already, Miss Long? I shall expect a better show of interest than that, for the duration of our engagement.”

“I warn you, sir—” began Tina in a low, husky voice, “do not push me too far!”

“You warn me?” mocked her tormentor. “But I am sure your greedy little plan involves seducing me into making this sham engagement a reality!” He pulled her body close to his. “Does it not?”

Tina’s step faltered. Wide eyes fixed upon his, her face slowly drained of color.

The Duke held her firmly, his own gaze puzzled and wary. “Are you trying to pretend that you are not the hardened coquette I judged you?” he asked. “You’ll catch cold at that!”

“Your crudity offends me,” whispered Tina.

“Crudity? Shall I put it in literary mode, Miss Pedant? Repeat Juliet’s father’s command to fettle your fine joints? Did you think I would accept this forced engagement without recompense?” he sneered. “I’ll demand payment when I am ready. In the meantime, remember not to defy or anger me, and you will find I am not so harsh a master.”

Then with a mocking smile, he returned her to the chaperonage of his sister and Lady Delia, whence Charles Vernell swept her off immediately to dance. And so it went for the rest of what was surely the most exciting Ball of the Season.





8



The last guest had hardly disappeared through the massive front doors before Lady Sophia turned on her brother in furious confrontation. “You will explain this—this preposterous, degrading rig you are running!”

Flora and Charles, who had been laughing together at some incident that had occurred, were instantly silent as the virulence of Lady Sophia’s attack registered itself upon their attention.

The Duke endured his sister’s furious glare calmly.

“What rig is that, my dear Sophia?”

“This shameful, hurried announcement of your marriage, made without consultation with me—”

“What have you to say about whom or when I marry?” asked the Duke in a voice whose coldness would have warned a more sensitive woman than Lady Sophia.

“If I had been born a man!” she raged, the old, festering wound driving her to dangerous outspokenness.

“Thank God you were not,” snapped her brother, for once losing his habitual composure. “For a worse representative of ducal dignity I could scarcely imagine.”

Astonished by this sudden flare-up of antagonism, Charles and Flora exchanged anxious glances.

Sophia was not yet routed. “Perhaps you will condescend to enlighten me,” she sneered, “just when the decision to wed this country miss was discussed with the family? I have heard nothing of it!”

“You heard it tonight, when I made the announcement.”

“That does not satisfy me! To be left ignorant and embarrassed before a gaping crowd of my friends, all of whom demanded to know why they had no hint of this—this amazing development—!”

“I am afraid the satisfaction of your friends’ curiosity is not a matter of moment to me,” the Duke advised her frigidly.

“But you have consistently refused to consider wedding any of a number of highly acceptable young females in the last ten years!” shouted Sophia, beside herself with anger and resentment. If he did indeed intend to marry this girl, he would assuredly come up with an heir within the year—and then, alas for all her hopes!

“Perhaps I have fallen in love,” suggested the Duke in the silky tones which so enraged her.

“Love! Pah!” she snorted. “No matter how poorly you fulfill the Ducal role, I had considered you superior to such middle-class fustian!” She paused, shocked out of her tantrum by the sudden implacable contempt on the Duke’s features.

“I shall forget this entire conversation, Sophia.” He stared her down until her gaze fell before his. “You would be well employed checking Gogo’s current activities,” he advised coldly. “He has borrowed against next quarter’s allowance twice already, and my secretary tells me he has debts—and greedy mistresses—all over town. I will subsidize his extravagances no longer!” His voice had softened toward the end of this rebuke, but it was clear to his listeners that his decision was inflexible.

“I—I had not known,” faltered Lady Sophia. “It is not a mother’s business to be prying into what her grown son is doing—“

“But it is a sister’s right to dictate her brother’s behavior? To accuse of failing his duty in front of witnesses?”

Sophia looked abashed as she realized exactly what she had said, but the glare she gave her brother as she swept out to her carriage was hostile and unforgiving.

“Well!” breathed Flora uncertainly. “It appears that Mama has forgotten she has a daughter.”

“Charles will see you home,” said the Duke absently.

“Delighted,” said his friend, “and then I shall return here.”

The Duke raised a quizzical eyebrow.

“As Your Grace’s best man, I shall need to be familiar with all the arrangements,” explained Charles with his most engaging grin.

The Duke shrugged. “I suppose it was inevitable. Well then, return if you must. I shall await you in the library.”





Half an hour later, the Duke was pouring a glass of brandy for his friend. Silently he raised his own glass.

Charles was not permitting that. “May I offer my sincerest congratulations, old fellow?” he asked, his expression appropriately solemn while his eyes glinted with amusement.

The Duke looked skeptical. “Thank you,” he responded. A rueful smile twisted his lips.

“It was a trifle sudden, was it not?” Charles continued. “I mean, I distinctly recall your saying that nothing on earth could get you to the altar . . . that all women could be—ah—divided into two classes—”

It seemed the Duke had not wasted his time while he waited for his friend’s return. He gestured with his empty brandy glass and corrected Charles solemnly. “All women, like all Gaul, can be divided into three parts.” He poured more brandy into his glass.

“Which are?” prodded Charles, grinning.

“Beautiful and stupid; bookish and ugly; and my sister Sophia. Who is, thank God, unique.”

“Into which category are we to place your fiancée?” persisted the younger man.

When the Duke refused to answer, Charles went on more seriously, “Flora’s in alt over the whole affair. She seems devoted to Miss Long. I gather they have met?”

“Yes, Athena rescued the silly little noddy when she got herself into a pickle at the theater—”

Charles frowned. “Flora was at a theater—alone?”

The Duke frowned. “All ended well, thanks to Athena. It seems she also was eager to enjoy Sheridan’s comedy, and found herself sharing Flora’s box. My—ah—fiancée managed to discourage the interlopers, and brought Flora safe home.”

Shocked into sobriety, Charles whistled a thankful sigh. “No wonder you are grateful to Miss Long! I take it you were able to conceal the little adventure from your sister’s knowledge?”

“Happily, yes.”

When it appeared that the Duke had no intention of saying more, Charles persisted rashly. “Was it from gratitude that you asked Miss Long to be your wife?” Meeting his friend’s icy stare, he went on. “No, don’t poker up on me, John! I know you too well. You cannot keep telling me for months on end that you despise the whole Female Sex, and then suddenly present us with a wife—!”

“I am not married yet,” said the Duke grimly. “What is more, I have no intention of discussing it further. If you have had enough brandy, Vernell, I’ll bid you goodnight!”

Quite unruffled by this rude dismissal, Charles laughed, clapped his old friend on the shoulder, and said, “I’ve often heard it said that a man becomes prey to mental disorders at the thought of entering the wedded state. I had not expected to find the imperturbable Duke of Renfrew reduced to such a pitiable state!”

“Oh, go home!” snapped the imperturbable Duke with a snarl.





After Charles had taken his leave, still laughing, the Duke sat in the library glowering over his empty brandy glass. He told himself that Miss Athena Long was a cheap opportunist, a wily schemer, and made several other disparaging judgments. Then his conscience reminded him how quickly and cleverly she had come to his defense, even after he had delivered a devastating snub and some insults whose crudity surprised himself. Why did the female get under his guard so deeply and so successfully? She had saved him when the unspeakable Pennet minx had sought to trap him. Her parents were probably in it, too; at least the mother was. The Duke set his noble jaw. The harridan had probably put her daughter up to it! What a disaster such a marriage as that would have been! The Pennet woman was another Sophia. At least he had Athena Long to thank for getting him out of that trap! For a grim moment he wondered how he could have extricated himself if the Long girl hadn’t popped out of the shadows.

Another thought, even less pleasant, struck him. Could the two girls have been in an alliance to run a rig on him? It hardly seemed likely. Colinette Pennet had looked shocked and then infuriated when Athena appeared. The Duke was forced to give Athena the benefit of the doubt—at least until he could marshal some real evidence against her.

He tried again to think of another course of action which might have—how had the chit phrased it?—saved his bacon. There didn’t seem to be one, except for the line Athena had taken. It had been neatly done, actually. The Duke grinned reluctantly. Little devil! She had played her role with intelligence and self-possession, letting the minx and her precious father know there had been an impartial witness to the attempted entrapment, then introducing a note of amusement that might have disarmed schemers less determined than the Pennets. Her gesture had even given them a way out, if they had wished to take it. All a silly joke! Quickly forgotten! A grin of reluctant admiration softened his harsh expression.

Athena. She had her wits about her, the little Wise One!

At this thought, the Duke frowned again. She did indeed have her wits about her. Could a country miss, in her first Season, act with such savoir faire, such instant comprehension and mastery of the Pennet’s attack? And to what—or whose—actual benefit? For the result of her play-acting had been to secure for herself the Catch of the Season.

The Duke’s well-cut lips drew into a sneer. She had probably believed he would be grateful—or stupid—enough to let her get away with her trick! Well, John Stone would show the little plotter just what she’d won by her wiles! And make damned sure she didn’t enjoy it! At the end of the Season, he’d drop her so firmly that she’d never dare to show herself in London for a second Season.

Somehow the idea of having Miss Athena Long in his power for the next few months was a surprisingly enjoyable one. Getting up from his chair, the Duke walked over to pour himself another glass of brandy. Such action had become a necessity, for John Alexander George Stone, twelfth Duke of Renfrew, now well over halfway drunk, most reluctantly found himself listening to the very small voice of his Conscience, which was firmly reminding him that his only evidence for the girl’s duplicity was his own jaundiced opinion of women in general. His Conscience was also presenting him with a vivid picture of a pair of amazing golden eyes which had met his in open honesty, her very outrage at his charges disproving those same charges. In vain His Grace reminded himself that females were consummate actresses; that they were prone to duplicity; that they were at the same time wily and stupid. And quite incapable of loyalty to anyone or anything but themselves.

It was no use. He could not get those lovely eyes, so open and honest, out of his memory. In a quite uncharacteristic act of fury, the Duke flung his brandy glass against the fireplace and smashed it into pieces. All right! Athena Long was not a schemer! The Duke prided himself upon being a pretty acute judge of his fellow men—and women—to the best of his knowledge and belief, Athena Long was neither dishonest nor self-seeking.

And so he would still continue to enforce the control he had gained over her. He would use her as a shield against the scheming little Pennet and her ilk. And at the end of the Season, he would give Athena a rare treat (at the moment unspecified), and perhaps even assist her toward that suitable match for which she had undoubtedly come to London.

The thought pleased him so little that the Duke, completely exasperated, staggered upstairs to his ducal bedchamber in a fury all the blacker for being incomprehensible.

Drunk as a wheelbarrow! judged the footman, putting out the hall lights thankfully. He did not blame his master. Any man, caught at last, was entitled to drown his sorrows.





Driving home in her luxurious town carriage, Lady Delia beamed at her surprising grandchild. It would seem that, in spite of several severe handicaps, the child had, virtually unaided, captured the finest Prize in the Marriage Stakes.

“Are you going to tell me how you did it?” she demanded, when she could wait no longer.

Tina showed no disposition to be coy. “I was trying to save him from a scheming female—and he let me,” she said morosely.

Naturally Lady Delia could not rest until she had discovered the whole story. Then, sitting back against the squabs, she began to chuckle. “I might be tempted to comment that ‘Fools rush in—’ except that no one who has pulled off the coup of the Season could be labeled a fool. How do you and your fiancé intend to proceed?”

Tina’s sore heart misgave her. The Duke’s scarcely veiled threats, his crude insinuations, had left her with a desire to prolong their association. Surely he had not meant what he implied? He had been angry, of course. He had rightly resented the manipulations of the Pennet girl and her parents. But surely he had seen her own action for what it was? An impulsive, perhaps foolish, but never self-seeking gesture to defend an innocent man from being blatantly victimized? She sighed.

“Let us wait and see what His Grace wishes to do,” she begged. “I am sure he will have a fine plan to get us all out of this entanglement. You know, even better than I, how absurd it is to think of him wishing to wed me!”

Lady Delia was smiling. “We must burn your manuscript at once,” she decided, in a characteristic non sequitur. “Do not mention your book, I beg of you! It would be more than enough to wreck everything if it were even hinted that you—write.” The last word was a whisper.

Some unconquerable spirit within the girl caused her to admit with a wry smile, “But dear Grandmama, I took the finished book in to the printer today. Perhaps that is our way out of this intolerable impasse! He can shed me without shame to either of us!”

“Do you really think so?” inquired her grandparent. “The Duke may find some on the fringes of society who would not condemn him for breaking his plighted word, but you, poor child, would be best advised to enter a nunnery at once—or go back to Malong Hall,” as though the two alternatives were equal to ignominy.

This matter-of-fact judgment was sufficient to stifle dialogue. The two ladies rode on in silence.





9



Lady Sophia Rate arose at an unseasonably early hour the next morning, determined to discover the full and true facts in the matter of her brother’s engagement. For all that she was arrogant, mean spirited, malicious and vindictive, she was not stupid, and nothing about last night’s announcement was in her brother’s usual style. Throughout a wakeful night she had searched her memory for any detail, however small, about the unworthy Miss Athena Long. Lady Sophia spent the morning following up these scanty clues. By noon, she rested in triumph.

After a refreshing nuncheon, she sent a footman with an urgent invitation to Miss Long in Portman Square, and summoned Flora to her sitting room.

The girl arrived happily, bursting into excited comment upon Uncle John’s engagement.

“I would rather hear a little more about the poetry-reading you attended with Miss Long,” said her Mama, repressively.

Flora’s eyes widened apprehensively, and she lost some of her bright color.

Her mother nodded sourly. “There was no invitation to a soirée, was there? Or if there was, you did not accept it. Do not bother to lie about it! I have talked to Lady Gracelle Manning. She informs me neither you nor Miss Long attended her poetry-reading.”

“You are determined to have it all over London,” accused Flora. “Have you no care for my reputation?”

“That is what you are here to talk about,” snapped Lady Sophia. “Where exactly did you go that evening, and how does that Long girl come into it?”

Haltingly, with frequent corrosive comments from her Mama, Flora told her story. When she was finished, Lady Sophia said, “At least, between you, you have kept the matter from becoming common knowledge—one thing to be thankful for in this imbroglio! I shall send you down to Bodiam Castle today, and then see what is to be done about rescuing Renfrew from this harpy’s clutches. She has used your folly for her own selfish gain.”

“Miss Athena Long,” announced the butler, issuing the girl into Milady’s sitting room.

“Be seated,” commanded Lady Sophia. Then, meeting Tina’s cool glance, she said, less harshly, “If you please.”

Tina, smiling gently at Flora, took a chair close to her.

“You may go to your room, Flora,” said her mother.

Flora drew a sustaining breath. “I would prefer to remain,” she said. “It is my future, you know! And I don’t wish you to say things to Athena which will hurt her . . .” Her voice trailed off under the impact of Lady Sophia’s astounded stare.

“You are defying me, Flora?”

“You so often say—things which—which I’m sure you didn’t mean. I would not have you tell Miss Long I did not love her as dearly as a sister,” said the girl doggedly.

“Just what did you wish to say to me, Lady Sophia?” asked Tina, to divert her hostess from a further attack upon the younger girl.

“I wished to inform you that I know the whole of the disgraced romp you led my daughter into at the theater—”

“Mama!!” protested Flora.

“Be silent, or I will have you taken to your room! I wished to inform you, Miss Long, that your little game is ended. Whatever the threats you have used to prevail upon Renfrew to make you an offer, they will not avail you now. I intend to denounce publicly the whole conspiracy. I give you this single chance to break off the engagement at once. Tomorrow I shall act!”

“You have no hesitation at blackening your daughter’s name, or making your brother a laughing-stock?” asked Tina coolly.

Her poise surprised her antagonist. Lady Sophia continued in a lower voice. “Renfrew may have to suffer a few jests, but our position is strong enough to weather the storm of conjecture and criticism,” she said complacently.

“You hate him, do you not?” asked Tina. “I had heard it said, but had not believed it. Your own brother! And do not forget that his consequence is, in part, your own. The name will suffer if you do as you say.”

“I shall of course make it worth your while to renounce Renfrew,” her ladyship continued, paying no attention to what Tina had said. “I have notified my secretary that a lump sum is to be brought to me here in a few minutes. You will take that and leave London. After having renounced your claim to my brother publicly.”

Flora began to cry softly. The girl’s grief was the last straw to a sensibility already exacerbated by the insults, unwarranted assumptions, and general nastiness of Lady Sophia.

“I seriously hope you have not, in fact, given your secretary such an order, Lady Sophia,” Tina said in a low-tightly controlled voice. “I intend going to His Grace immediately to inform him of your threats. I am sure he will be able to deal with your plan as it deserves.”

She walked out of the room, down the wide stairway, across the ornately furnished hall and out through the front door to where her grandmother’s carriage waited in the street. Seated within its comfortable interior, she gave way to the shock and dismay which had shaken her at the disclosure of Lady Sophia’s venom. It was several minutes before she could steady her voice enough to give directions to the waiting groom.

“Please ask Tom Coachman to take me to the residence of the Duke of Renfrew,” she managed.

When the carriage was rolling on its way, Tina sank back against the velvet squabs and dealt with the tempest of alarm, fear, and mounting anger within her. Through it all, persisted a picture of poor Flora, frightened and crying bitterly, her red hair bright above her pallid little face.

When the coach drew up before the Duke’s Town House, Tina was ready for the encounter. She was able, with a steady glance from her amber-brown eyes, to intimidate Cullon, His Grace’s butler, into leading her to the library. Within minutes, the door swung open again, and a grim-looking nobleman advanced toward her.

“If you say, ‘To what do I owe the honor of this call?’ in that odiously toplofty voice, I shall strike you!” she told the big man.

A smile slowly softened his harsh expression, but it did not have a similar effect upon Tina’s temper. “Do not laugh at me!” she snapped. “Thanks to your impossible sister, we face social disaster!”

Silently the Duke indicated a comfortable chair. Tina sank into it, being by this time ready for support of any kind. He took his place close to her.

“Try to calm yourself, Miss Long.”

This reasonable request acted like a red cloak to a bull.

“Calm myself—? Just wait until you hear—”

“I am waiting,” said the Duke unforgivably.

Without further ado, Tina emptied the budget. As she spoke, His Grace’s countenance assumed a grimmer aspect. At the end he rose sharply to his feet and began to stride up and down.

“How long ago did Sophia spew out this detestable nonsense?”

“I came directly to you from her house.”

“We shall return there at once.”

“You may go there,” objected Tina. “I shall certainly not do so. If I am forced to listen to any more of her venom, I shall—do her an injury!”

His grace glanced at her sharply. “What do you intend doing?”

“I am returning home to Malong Hall today. I wish nothing more to do with any member of your family.”

“Not even poor little Flora?” asked the Duke softly, taking what Tina felt was a despicable advantage of her softheartedness. Then, before she could respond to the appeal, he said with a cold smile, “So we see exactly how much your protests on her behalf are worth! Run away to your rustic retreat like a scared little mouse, then, Miss Bluestocking! Or is it that your pedant’s heart is too dry and self-absorbed to admit a lonely child?”

Quite justly enraged by these unwarranted and diverse attacks, Tina clenched her small fists and glared into her tormentor’s icy countenance. “Of course I care about Flora! Did I not miss the Sheridan play to see her safely home? But I can scarcely admit her to my heart if she’s banished to a remote castle somewhere—probably locked in a dungeon!” She halted, glowering at his suddenly sympathetic face. His warmth affected her like the sunshine breaking through the clouds. She drew a trembling breath, her eyes wide on the handsome face so close to her.

The disturbing creature seemed well aware of the effect he was having upon her. “You are quite a little fury, for a dry female pedant, are you not? I had not known that soft amber eyes could flash with so much fire!” Tina found herself disarmed as he continued in a civil tone, “If I can promise that Flora will not be sent down to moulder in the dungeons at Bodiam, will you in turn agree to remain in London and befriend the child? That was all I meant when I asked you last evening to become her companion, you know. Just be her friend, and accompany her to all those delightful places she hungers to see—Astley’s Theater, the Wild Animal Enclosure, Mr. Sheridan’s latest play.” He paused, and his fine grey eyes ran over her changing countenance with a wicked sparkle. “Of course I shall have to accompany you both to that particular diversion, shall I not? Perhaps with Charles? He too has a fondness for little Flora.”

When Tina, too startled by this change of manner to reply, continued to stare warily at him, the Duke smiled and went on, in a strangely offhand way, “Of course there would be a few other—ah—obligations.”

Tina would not permit herself to be duped by this new, wily softness. “Exactly what other obligations?” she demanded.

The Duke shrugged. “Since you yourself announced our engagement in the presence of one of London’s chief gossips, who had no reason to think kindly of either of us at that moment, I imagine you might be aware of your obligations. Unless,” he went on with some of his normal provocativeness, “you really were trying to trap me yourself?”

Much though she resented it, Tina was forced to admit the logic of his comment. “I have told you I only did it to save you from being trapped by that Colinette! I could not permit anyone to be so ensnared!” she protested. Unwisely, as it proved.

For His Grace retorted reasonably, “If that is true, you must remain in London to give credence to our mock-engagement, must you not? We shall have to be seen together at a few important soirées, perhaps at some balls, and certainly at Lady Sally Jersey’s Ridotto, a highlight of the Season—and your entrée to Almack’s.”

Tina was stunned. The bitter, unapproachable nobleman was acting as though he actually found the idea of squiring Miss Athena Long to fashionable entertainments to be a pleasing one! More amazing, he had somehow secured an invitation for her to the Season’s most important function, and, if his last remark could be credited, a voucher for her to attend the most exclusive club in London. Tina stared at the dark, saturnine corsair’s face, which was regarding her with complacent arrogance. What was he up to? Was he showing her these delights, only to snatch them from her outstretched hands? Tina had no way of knowing. So, being Tina, she asked him.

“Why are you doing this for me, when you already had me barred from Almack’s?

“Perhaps I regret my hasty action. We are supposed to be engaged, you know.”

Tina addressed her attention to that aspect of their problem almost with relief. “You will need to harness your sister’s malice pretty promptly, if you wish our pseudo-engagement to be received with credence in the Ton. She warns me that if I am not out of town by tomorrow morning, she will spread the story that I took Flora to the theater and introduced her to some questionable persons in order to force you to propose marriage.”

“Is Sophia aware of Colinette’s attempt to blackmail me into an engagement?” asked the Duke sharply.

“I said nothing about it,” answered Tina, “and no one else except the Pennets know. They would hardly be eager to spread the news of their daughter’s trick, surely?”

The Duke frowned. “It is impossible to judge how far Sophia would go in her efforts to embarrass me,” he said at length. “I believe we must confront her together, at once, and try to stop her vicious tongue. Come, Athena!”

Rather to her surprise, for she would have wagered a large sum that nothing would get her into That Woman’s house again, Tina found herself being ushered into Lady Sophia’s presence shortly thereafter.

Their hostess greeted them with a predatory smile.

“Now I wonder what can bring such an unlikely pair to my drawing room?” she sneered. “Can it be my threat to make a certain announcement?”

Watching the Duke’s face, Tina wondered with a small frisson of alarm how even his redoubtable sister dared to use the word threat to him. However, when he spoke, the Duke’s voice was level and unemotional. “No, Sophia, I came to return your compliment.”

Her confidence shaken, Lady Sophia demanded that he explain himself.

“You did me the courtesy of warning me that you were going to spread a canard about my affianced wife and your own daughter. You know it is a lie—Flora and Athena have told you so. Yet, knowing it will dishonor our ancient and honorable name, make it a target for scorn, you still persist in your threat?”

“I have courage, John,” Sophia blustered.

“Then I will now give you notice of my intentions. A warning, if you like.” There was not even a hint of softness, of mercy or pity, in the Duke’s iron glance. “Tomorrow morning I shall instruct my agents to refuse to pay a single bill from George’s creditors. The large amounts they currently give him, for his mistresses and hangers-on, at his urgent pleading, will no longer be available. Further, George is, from tomorrow morning, to be persona non grata in any residence or club of mine . . .”

Lady Sophia presented a face livid with scornful anger. “Is this supposed to bring me to my knees?” she snapped. “It will do George no harm—”

“You had best consult with your son as to that, Madam,” said the Duke coldly. “The exclusion applies also to yourself. You are no longer welcome in any home of Renfrew.” His lips curled in a thin, mirthless smile at the sudden look of dismay that crossed her face. “If we Stones are to give our private affairs to the Ton for discussion, let us give them something worth chewing upon!”

Lady Sophia looked as though her brother had struck her in the face. Shock, disbelief, fear were clearly visible in her expression. “You jest!” she managed, through lips suddenly slack.

“You think so?” asked the Duke softly, in such a tone that even Tina, a noncombatant, felt afraid. “Ask yourself how well your proposed treacherous debasing of our name matches your constant claim that you should have been the Duke. There have been men—and women, too—of our line who would have suffered torture rather than permit what you so lightly threaten! Perhaps you should retire to Bodiam to think upon your responsibilities to our family.”

Silenced, Sophia stared at him, her face ugly with warring emotions.

“Give George my message,” said the Duke, and led a silent Tina from the house.

The girl remained silent as the Duke handed her into his town carriage. When they were once more rolling through the streets, the man glanced at her, his expression forbidding.

“No comments? No frantic questions, no female flutterings? Have I reduced you to terrified silence?”

Tina faced him calmly. “I am sure you are now about to inform me as to my part in your plan,” she said.

One dark eyebrow quirked derisively at the girl’s self-possession. “You continue to surprise me,” he said, in a milder tone. “Is it time for me to determine which of the roles you play is the true Athena Long? Or is there anything to you but a set of masks?” He threw one arm lightly across her shoulders and drew her toward him with irresistible pressure.

After a single frozen instant, Tina allowed him to pull her against his chest. She kept her glance fixed on his face, her expression wary but without fear. He held her so, against his chest, for a long moment, his gaze intent. Then, still without words or tenderness, he bent his dark head and pressed his lips against hers with passionless force.

Tina had never been kissed by a man outside her family before this moment. She found the experience astonishing. First she was aware that his skin had a fresh smell from some aromatic soap or perhaps a masculine lotion. His hard embrace made her aware also of the scent of fresh linen, and an interesting warm tang that probably came from his flesh. She took a delicate sniff, to confirm her theory.

The Duke’s heavy-lidded eyes opened wide and focused on the lovely, small face so close to his. But Athena had already moved on to a second surprise in this business of kissing. His lips over hers tasted of some kind of flavor, which was a blend of aromatic and bitter. It was vaguely familiar. Surely her father and brothers often carried just that piquancy on their mouths?

“Beer!” she announced happily, drawing her face back from his relaxing hold in order to speak. “You have been drinking beer!”

The Duke’s stern face melted into a rueful grin. “It is usually considered a restorative after too heavy an indulgence in liquor the previous evening,” he admitted. Tina, looking into his eyes, was conscious of a strange new feeling deep inside her, so powerful that it shook her. It also showed in her small, exquisite face. The Duke’s arms tightened around her again.

“You are a very odd little siren,” he said huskily. “First sniffing, and then—tasting!”

“It is my first real kiss, you see,” she explained carefully. At his elevated eyebrows, she added, “Of course I do not count my father or Killy or Jase!”

“And who are Killy and Jase?” demanded the Duke.

“My brothers,” explained Tina. “And you must not think they are all forever kissing me, for they are not! It is only upon birthdays, or Christmas, or when they have returned from a trip—or had an especially good day with the Hunt.”

“Legitimate occasions for celebration, surely,” admitted His Grace, feeling suddenly very much in charity with his world. He had a virgin! Better, he had a girl who could amuse and even surprise him, jaded worldling that he was! He settled the fragrant little armful more comfortably into his embrace, and then, with the practiced gallantry for which he was well known in some circles, he bent his dark head once more to Tina’s lips and kissed her, this time with seductive sweetness.

When he lifted his head, Tina shivered involuntarily. Her golden eyes were wide with startled awareness. After a moment, she moved out of his arms and sat back in her corner of his carriage.

The Duke also sat back. “You do not subscribe to the conventional modes of behavior, Miss Long?” he asked finally.

“If you are asking me why I am not babbling, weeping, or—or bridling, My Lord Duke, I can only say that I am not your conventional débutante.”

The Duke uttered a harsh bark of laughter. “An undeniable truth.” He too had had an enlightening experience, but he was by nature and by training better equipped to conceal his emotions. He reached out and took her hand, not gently, not even flirtatiously, but with a hard demonstration of his power to control. “Exactly why did you come to London?”

“I came to find a husband,” said Tina baldly, her eyes on his.

The Duke crushed her hand in his large fist until an involuntary gasp of pain passed her lips. Then he flung the hand from him as though it were repugnant to his touch.

There was another heavy silence, which lasted until the coach drew up in front of Lady Delia’s town house. The Duke regarded Tina coldly. “I shall require you to remain in London for the next few weeks. You will hold yourself ready to accompany me to whatever social gatherings I decide to attend. My secretary will send you a list. I shall expect you to be ready when I call for you, to present a good appearance, and to behave with propriety and whatever charm you can summon up—”

“Is this elaborate charade necessary?” asked Tina in a low voice.

“It will be expected of the—ah—newly-engaged couple,” the Duke said on a sneer.

“And if I do not agree to it?”

The Duke’s groom had come to stand outside the still-closed door of the coach. The Duke himself bent forward to scan Tina’s expression. “Are you telling me you will not do as I suggest?”

Rather than giving a direct answer, the girl repeated, “Suggest’? Say rather command! You know you do not expect disobedience. What of my own life?”

The Duke drew an exasperated breath. “Do I need to remind you, Miss Long, that it was your—inspiration which originally established our engagement? It cannot harm a husband-seeker to appear to have snared the finest prospect in the matrimonial stakes.”

“Are you saying that a man of integrity will be willing to accept a woman you have publicly rejected?”

“You are now trying to convince me you have scruples?” The Duke shook his head, and tapped lightly on the window. His groom at once opened the door, let down the steps, and offered his arm. The Duke got out, assisted Tina down and walked beside her to her grandmother’s door. “My secretary will be in touch with you. Stay in town,” he said softly, and returned to his carriage.

As he drove away, John Stone found himself feeling, for the first time in his adult life, rather at a loss. It angered him to realize that the occasion for his uncertainty was a green girl, totally without Town bronze or sophistication, but with a mind, he dared guess, as sharp as a man’s. A girl who savored his person and tasted his lips with the innocent freedom of a child, yet who held grimly to it that her sole purpose in coming to London was to snare a husband. His lip curled with contempt—and then he remembered the innocent sweetness of her lips and the wide clear gaze of her magnificent eyes. A paradox! How could any one female be at once conniving and honest, sensual and innocent, maddening, infuriating, and . . . desirable?

Deliberately he relaxed his powerful shoulders against the squabs. There were important matters to be dealt with, not the least of which was the attack of Sophia Rate. Had the woman finally lost her wits? Her threat required a visit to his man-at-law. And then, he thought with relief, there was the matter of the new pamphlet he had been advised of. What good fortune if the very material he needed was ready to his hand! The schools he had been painstakingly establishing, one on each of his country estates, had desperate need of teaching materials. Four good instructors he did have in hand, newly down from Oxford or Cambridge, not yet fully decided upon a life’s work. It had been the devil of a chore seeking out the four young men, far more trouble than convincing his tenants and the village people that their children would benefit beyond their wildest reckoning if suitably instructed. The professional men and the great landowners sent their offspring to good schools, many of which required that the child be registered at birth in order to secure a place. They had no need for his country schools. But the background level of education was very low for the rest of the populace: bright children had literally no place to go to learn to better themselves.

It was not that the Duke wished to make his tenants discontented with their lot. Rather, he wished to give them means to improve it, and get greater satisfaction from it. So he had conceived the idea that brainpower was as precious a resource as good fertile fields and healthy animals, and had, in his usual arrogant fashion, set about to establish training centers. The tenants were conditioned by hundreds of years to accept their overlord’s ideas as not only valid but irrevocable. The young scholars he had found with some help from Charles Vernell, allowed into the secret. But the books, the training manuals, were another matter. He did not want goody-books, the part fairy tale, part nursery-rhyme handbooks. Nor could he use, with these quite unlettered children, the volumes and texts used by college students.

During one of his desperate searches among the publishing houses of London, he was delighted to discover that a very clear yet simple basic handbook was under preparation. The Duke was not put off by the information that the book was primarily intended as a training manual by which young servants could improve the skills that would enable them to better their own positions. The proofs, when he saw them, were, to his astonishment, interesting, bright, and so attractively presented that even the dullest mind might find them persuasive. He studied the proofs more carefully. They revealed a remarkable familiarity with literature, both ancient and modern, with several languages—including the classic Greek and Latin—and with mathematics and even rudimentary science.

A treasure!

The Duke’s interest was further aroused when, upon demanding to know the name of the author of this excellent brochure, he was told that the author wished to be anonymous.

“Some noted scholar pressed for a little spare cash?” he suggested lightly to Mr. Thomas Sinclair, the junior partner in the publishing firm of Guthrie and Sinclair.

Mr. Sinclair looked unhappy. Although the Duke’s curiosity was now rampant, he decided to drop the question in favor of the more urgent business of securing a great many copies of the useful work.

“How many shall you wish, Your Grace?” asked the hopeful Thomas.

“Begin with one hundred, but keep the plates or whatever it is you print them from. I may need more very soon.”

The gratified publisher, mentally rubbing his hands, thought to interject a word for future reference. “The—er—author of the book might be persuaded to do others, more advanced, more challenging to the juvenile intellect,” he offered craftily.

The Duke nodded. “Well, we shall see. When the first of these is ready, send a copy around to my house by hand, at once, if you please. Then I shall be able to judge of its usefulness. A sturdy cover, of course—resistant to ink and chalk!—and within, paper of good quality, with bright illustrations. The whole must appear attractive. Of course, no mention of my involvement is to be made.”

“Yes, Your Grace!” Sinclair was bowing. “As per our contract.”

There was a silence and he looked up to meet the quizzical gaze of a pair of very knowing grey eyes. “When am I to be informed of the name of our author?”

“I gave my word, sir,” stammered Sinclair. “As did my partner, Mr. Guthrie. It is a matter of—”

“Honor?” the Duke had suggested, faintly smiling.

Sinclair barked a laugh. “A matter of contract,” he had admitted. “The author would not sign unless we promised to conceal—the identity.” With this, the Duke had had to be content.

It seemed to His Grace a most striking coincidence that when he came into the hallway of his Town House after depositing Athena at her grandmother’s home, he should be presented with a heavily wrapped parcel from Guthrie and Sinclair. He had been thinking of them, and the treasure they had found him, all the way home. Well, not quite all the way. He admitted that he had turned to thoughts of his secret project to rid his mind of very uncomfortable visions of a slender girl with silky black hair and amazing golden eyes. Opening the parcel eagerly in his library, he sighed shortly as he admitted further that it was not the girl whose memory disconcerted him, but the harshness of the contempt with which he had taken his leave of Miss Athena Long.

And then all thoughts of her or any other problem were driven temporarily out of his mind, as he scanned the students’ handbook, called The Roads to Wonder. And on the bright orange cover, etched with magic lines, was a great city, pure and clean and towering in its majesty, a focus and an enchantment.

The Duke stared at the cover of his new teaching manual for a long time.





10



The first person besides the butler whom Tina encountered in the spacious entrance hall was her grandmother’s dresser. Hugget had apparently been waiting anxiously for her arrival, and conducted her at once to Lady Delia’s sitting room.

The older woman greeted Tina eagerly. “What did that hag Sophia Rate want of you?”

By the time Tina had finished her report of events at the Rate Town House, Lady Delia was very angry indeed. “I cannot believe that even Sophia Rate would so perilously endanger her own family’s reputation,” she fumed. “Did the Duke tell you what he plans to do?”

Tina presented a censored version of His Grace’s orders. “We are to hold ourselves ready to attend any functions to which Renfrew decides to accept an invitation.” She hesitated. “Or perhaps his command was only for me. I am not sure.”

Lady Delia frowned. “But our own invitations? Are we to refuse them, unless they coincide with Stone’s?”

“The Duke’s secretary will bring me His Grace’s choices every morning,” Tina explained woodenly. Then her eyes darkened with emotion, and she said, huskily, “Is this how matters are managed in ducal households, Grandmama? I see I have much to learn.”

Lady Delia rose almost without thinking, and enveloped the forlorn girl in comforting arms. She was aware that there was something very wrong about the situation, but her first thought was to restore the lovely laughter to her beloved grandchild’s face. She said wistfully. “When you recounted this bizarre tale to me last night, I felt sure that behind the rather melodramatic trappings of the engagement there was a sturdy core of genuine liking on both sides.” As the girl began to object, Lady Delia spoke again. “No, do not try to argue with me! I know enough of His Grace’s force of character to believe he would never permit himself to be cozened into a declaration he found utterly distasteful!”

“He could have made no defense against the situation in which, thanks to Miss Pennet’s manoeuvrings, he found himself,” stated Tina. “What excuse could he have given the affronted parents of Colinette when they discovered her in his arms, with her garments disheveled?”

“But you told me that you had announced that you had been there from the beginning! You are not one of the Patronesses of Almack’s exactly, but you did guarantee chaperonage of a sort,” snapped Lady Delia.

After a charged silence, Tina faced her grandmother bravely. “I begin to believe you are in the right of it. His Grace might have braved it through, given the protection of my presence, had I not thought it necessary for him to have the further shield of a prior engagement. To me.” She sighed. “So you see he has good foundations for his suspicion of me. I spoke too impulsively, but he might well believe that I spoke—with well-planned strategy!”

“You babbled romantic nonsense, like the bookworm you are!” corrected Lady Delia crossly. “It is not to be wondered at that the Duke is out of patience with you! Have you any real objections to marrying the man?”

Tina flung up her head. “The insuperable one: that he does not wish for the connection! He is convinced I am a scheming, unprincipled creature—and he fully intends to . . . dispose of me at the end of the Season!”

Her grandmother raised thin eyebrows. “He told you this? Or have you concocted another—story? By what means does the Duke of Renfrew intend to dispose of his fiancée at the end of the Season!” In an oubliette?”

To Tina’s horror, a sob escaped her. She swallowed and then firmed her lips. “We are to announce that the engagement is ended—by mutual agreement,” she managed. A tear rolled down her pale cheek.

Her grandmother considered this news. After a moment she said, in a quiet voice, “There is only one thing to do, Athena. You must follow His Grace’s lead, do just as he asks you, and present a pleasant and dignified front to the Ton. Your own credit, and your family’s, depends as much as Renfrew’s does upon your good sense and stability.”

“Yes, Grandmama,” said Tina, who had never felt less sensible or less stable in her life.

The first order of business, decreed Lady Delia, was for Tina to go with all haste to Guthrie and Sinclair and request the return of her manuscript.

Fortified by a cup of tea and a change into her prettiest redingote, the girl proceeded to the publishers that very afternoon. She went on foot from the corner, having ordered the coachman to pick her up at that exact spot in exactly half an hour—these being the only terms upon which he would agree to drop her off. As she approached the pleasant but quite undistinguished building which housed the activities of Guthrie and Sinclair, she was horrified to observe a tall, handsome figure striding in her direction.

“Miss Long?” said the Duke, on a rising note. “Whatever are you doing in this very commercial area of the city?”

Tina’s wits, though shaken, did not fail her. She cast a lightning glance around her, and observed two hanging boards which proclaimed the nature of the business being carried on within the buildings. One said: CANES, CRUTCHES, INVALID’S CHAIRS. The other proclaimed, under the rather daunting representation of a glaring eyeball, SPECTACLES, QUIZZING-GLASSES, LENSES. Tina smiled.

“I am getting myself fitted for a pair of spectacles,” she offered.

For the barest instant, surprise and regret showed on the Duke’s face, and then his eyes narrowed and his expression became unreadable.

“Indeed? I commiserate with you. A pity to have to cover so unusually beautiful a pair of eyes.”

Tina found herself blushing under the obvious admiration of the huge man. Forcing herself to smile up into his dark face, she went on, “I am not really too concerned, Your Grace. I shall need them only for reading.”

“I should say, reluctantly, that you may be more in need of them than you believe,” the disturbing man objected. “Since you are on the wrong side of the street and going in the wrong direction to achieve your goal.” The creature had the bad taste to laugh!

Tina’s delicate pink blush became the rose of anger. She cast a hurried glance across the street and verified his charge. Then she opened her mouth to verbalize another falsehood, but her noble opponent beat her to the post.

“Now do not tell me that Lady Delia is in need of a Bath chair, or a crutch! I shall not believe you, and I shall at once report your canard to the lady herself!” He grinned down at the angry girl, obviously enjoying her frustration. “Now tell me, without deceit or roundaboutation, what brings you to this neighborhood?”

Tina’s small chin was lifted. “But I told you, Your Grace! I am going to order a pair of spectacles! Perhaps you will be good enough to give me your arm to the shop? Lest I fall over some obstacle,” she added for good measure.

The Duke offered a strong arm cased in elegant superfine. “On one condition,” he said softly. “That you stop calling me Your Grace. We are plighted, are we not? Therefore it is quite convenable for you to call me by my name.”

“Stone?” teased the girl, her beautiful eyes sparkling. It was such a joy to talk to this man when he was in this smiling, playful mood. She did not want it to change, ever. If only—!

But he had placed his hand over hers on his arm, and was pressing it firmly. “Not my family name, witch! My own!”

His fingers were long and slender considering their strength. Tina dimpled up at him. “Alexander?” she asked. “Surely nothing less than the name of the conqueror of the world will do!”

The Duke stopped her as they were about to cross the street. His hand held hers very tightly against his other arm.

“Athena! You invite the lightning!”

The lovely face was a delight in its demure sweetness.

“Kaliespera, Zeus!”

The Duke’s eyebrows shot up. “One might believe you were as Grecian as your name! Bidding me good-afternoon in the classic tongue. You name me greatest of the Gods? I wonder what you have in mind?”

Tina shrugged, a little disconcerted. “Harmless play, with one who has the background to share it with me,” she said, her eyes not meeting his.

The man cursed himself for the suspicion that had shattered the joyous exchange. He moved ahead to the goal he had had in mind. “You are to call me John,” he instructed her.

Tina nodded.

“Now,” he persisted, feeling awkward, and decades older than the quiet girl at his side.

“Yes, John.” The words were little more than a whisper.

The Duke squared his shoulders. His cynical attitude, forever seeing connivance and intrigue in the simplest action, had destroyed a moment of pure joy. John Stone, who hadn’t indulged in Tina’s sort of “harmless play” within his own memory, did not know how to recoup that which he sensed he had lost. And so, moved to anger by his loss, he acted the part of the man he had become.

“Where is your carriage?” he said sharply. “What is Lady Camden thinking of, to permit you to wander unescorted through the streets?”

“Tom Coachman is returning for me within a few minutes. We did not think I could come to harm on this quiet street!” she protested.

“Lady Delia knew you were coming here?”

“Of course! I am not so rag-mannered as to—” then, meeting his quizzical glance, she blushed again. “The clandestine trip to the theater was the only time I have ever gone out without her full knowledge and consent!”

The big man stood staring grimly down at the girl. “Tell me the truth, Athena! Did you come to be fitted for spectacles?”

The wide golden eyes met his honestly.

“I did not. But I beg you will not ask me why I came, for I cannot—must not—tell you! I can only assure you that there is nothing—wicked, or hurtful to any person, or shameful in my visit.”

The piercing grey eyes met hers with an intentness which seemed to seek the very secrets of her mind and heart. After a long moment, the Duke released her hand and turned to survey the street.

“We shall wait here for your carriage,” he said.

Tina did not want to stand beside this man who showed so clearly that he did not trust her. She could feel unhappiness rising like a tide within her. She glanced up to study the harsh handsome profile of her companion. As she did, a sort of courage began to stiffen her drooping shoulders. Why should she feel guilt, whose only crime was to prepare a manual to help servants to better their condition? Her chin rose in what her brothers would have recognized as a fighting stance.

“I think I will tell you my reason for coming to this street,” she announced. “Since it seems so important to you—”

The Duke’s head turned sharply toward her. His eyes were hostile. Then his gaze went beyond her shoulder to a carriage which was almost racing down the quiet street.

“That is my carriage!” he exclaimed, and lifted his hand to arrest the coachman’s progress.

When the vehicle had drawn to a swaying halt in front of them, the Duke demanded, “What the devil is going on, Wilson?”

“It’s Miss Flora, sir,” gasped the coachman. “Cullon’s just had a visit from Sir Charles Vernell. It seems Miss Flora has disappeared, and Lady Sophia is shouting that you’re hiding her somewhere. Cullon sent me to find you.”

The Duke wasted no time. Hoisting a reluctant Tina into the coach ahead of him, he detailed the groom on the box to stay behind and explain to Lady Delia’s driver where Miss Long had gone.

Tina leaned across him to call out the window. “At the corner! Todd was to meet me at that corner!” While she was still gesticulating, the carriage lurched into motion, and she was thrown backward into the Duke’s arms. He received her upon his chest with no signs of discomfort, but she said crossly, “This is poorly managed! It were better for me to wait for Todd on the corner. This way, my grandmother will be beside herself with anxiety! The most bungled situation!” She glared up at the man who was still holding her closely. He was smiling!

Tina’s brows drew down into a horrendous frown. “How did your coachman know where to find you?”

John chuckled unforgivably. “Took you long enough to get to that one, didn’t it? I had informed Cullon, of course, before I left the house, that I was going to walk down to Fort Street to get—” he paused and closed his mouth slowly. He was not smiling.

Tina was on his hesitation like a flash. “ ‘To get’—what? And don’t tell me you need either spectacles or a crutch!”

“I cannot tell you,” said the Duke blankly, and then his lips twisted into a wry smile. “Do you suppose we might try confiding in one another, Athena?” he said, more gently than she had yet heard him speak. It seemed that the need to trust disturbed and confused him.

The girl drew a slow, deep breath. There was nothing she could do to change what John Stone’s life had been up until now, nor to influence the character which that life had molded. But perhaps, if they shared new experiences, she might be able to convince her cynical, disillusioned Duke to trust her—possibly even some day to like her. It was a hope worth nourishing. Tina decided. At this moment the carriage drew up before Lady Sophia’s mansion.

Charles Vernell was awaiting its arrival in the street, and ran over to open the carriage door at once. He helped Tina out, and even spared her a smile, but immediately afterward his anxious gaze was fixed on John Stone’s face.

“She isn’t with you, then? I had hoped—” he stammered.

“Inside, Charles,” said the Duke firmly, and swept them both along with him into the drawing room.

There Lady Sophia sat, her face a twisted mask of anger and fear. “What have you done with them? What trick is this, Stone? What do you hope to gain by interfering in my affairs?” She was speaking shrilly, her eyes glaring at her brother. “Is this a ploy to discredit me with the Ton?” She noticed Tina, standing at Renfrew’s shoulder, and her voice rose to a shout. “This scheming little upstart! What is she doing in my house? Has she something to do with my children’s disappearance? I’ll wager she’s at the root of it!”

“Calm yourself!” snapped the Duke. “You rant like a Bedlamite!” He continued in an icy tone, “Is it true that Flora is missing? Control your hysteria at once, if you please! I wish to hear facts, not unbridled screeching!”

But Sophia, glaring from John to Tina, refused to speak. It was Charles Vernell, mastering his alarm and concern, who informed his friend that Flora had left the house three hours earlier, and had not returned. She had also, it appeared, taken a small satchel with her, containing some clothes. She had not left any message.

Lady Sophia got to her feet and advanced upon the group in the middle of the room. Her eyes were bulging with rage.

“You will tell me at once what this means! What plot you are hatching to discredit me!”

A quiet voice, youthful but hard, spoke from the doorway. “You yourself have driven her away from us, Mama,” said Nigel, entering the room and closing the great doors behind him. “Your endless berating and complaints, your utter lack of real interest or tenderness—!” His voice broke over the last word.

“What do you know about this?” John asked. “Tell me at once!”

“When I returned from riding this morning, the first person I encountered in the hall was Groat, who informed me that Flora had asked him to summon a hackney for her. He tried to discover where she intended to go, but she refused to tell him. Then she borrowed two shillings from him for the fare.”

The Duke’s rigid mouth softened a fraction. “Not a distant goal, then.”

Nigel was looking accusingly at his mother.

“Groat reports that Flora was crying. He held the door open for her when the hackney arrived, and heard her give your address, Uncle John. I remounted at once and rode to your Town House. Cullon was more forthcoming than Groat had been. It seems that Flora, being threatened with banishment to Bodiam and then to a girls’ boarding school, had decided to seek sanctuary with Uncle John. Feeling,” added Nigel with dark challenge, “that since he had promised to give us the treats of London, he would at least protect Flora’s being removed before she had tasted even one!!”

The Duke acknowledged the shrewdness of Nigel’s blow. “Mea culpa,” he said quietly. “I had promised Flora treats, and fully intend to give them to her, with a charming companion.” He glanced at Tina. “But there has not been time—”

“Time to be banished to outer darkness,” persisted Nigel.

“Is she there, then, in my house?” The Duke kept to the issue at hand. “Cullon gives her refreshment?”

“No,” reported Nigel grimly, “Flora appears to have been in a panic at not finding you at home, Uncle John. She set out again in her hackney, having first borrowed a further ten shillings from Cullon.”

Again, almost against his will, the Duke smiled. “We have to suppose Flora contemplated a longer journey this time,” he murmured.

“How can you jest about this, Stone?” demanded Lady Sophia.

“Better to laugh than weep,” said John Stone, to Tina’s surprise. He looked at her, catching her curious glance. “Let me guess where Flora was bound. She directed the driver to Lady Camden’s house?”

“But that’s exactly right!” breathed Nigel respectfully. “Cullon managed to overhear her directions.”

“But, of course, failing to find me, she would go to one who had been her loyal champion upon a previous occasion—”

“She is there—in my grandmother’s home?” asked Tina eagerly, a smile of relief upon her face.

“No,” replied Nigel gloomily. “When she found you also away from home, she refused the offer of tea which your grandmother made her, and insisted that she had an important meeting—elsewhere.”

“But what is this?” demanded the Duke. “Where is the little ninnyhammer off to?”

Lady Sophia seemed to have lost interest. “When she becomes tired of her childish naughtiness, she will come back—and go down to Bodiam, as I told her she must. Her trunks are packed.”

Looking at that adamant countenance, Tina knew it would be useless to urge or protest. Lady Sophia was enjoying the idea of punishing her daughter for willful disobedience, and demonstrating to Flora’s well-wishers that they were powerless to aid the girl.

The Duke did not seem to understand that he was defeated.

“And if she does not return?” he suggested mildly.

Lady Sophia glared at him. “What do you mean?”

“I merely state the obvious. Your daughter has been gone for several hours. We know she had inadequate funds. Where is she?” Then, when no one answered, the Duke continued, “Is she wandering on foot through the streets? For we know no self-respecting cabman would carry her about on tick! Or has she decided to join the company of actors and actresses in whom she was interested enough less than a week ago to run off to—without notice to any of us?”

Lady Sophia’s face became congested. It was plain from her harassed expression that she could not immediately find an answer, nor, more importantly, anyone to blame for this latest disaster.

Tina said slowly, “I do not think Flora would go again to the theater. Her first experience there frightened her.”

“If you know so much about my daughter, Miss, can you tell us where she has gone?” sneered Lady Sophia.

“Perhaps to one of her other friends?” suggested Tina.

“She has none. She is invited nowhere. Nor would I countenance it. She must not go about socially until she has her come-out!”

The Duke regarded her with loathing. “You have had your young daughter in London for several months and made no push to bring her into the company of other girls? But this is folly! How do you hope to fire her off if she knows no one? To say nothing of the loneliness and boredom to which you have condemned her. I cannot believe it even of you, Sophia!”

Tina had been wracking her brain to discover a clue to Flora’s whereabouts. Suddenly a picture surfaced in her mind: the supper extra-dances at the Duke’s ball . . . Flora’s glowing little face under the bright red curls as she whirled about the floor with her youthful gallant. And dancing nearby was . . . Jennifer Nairn!

Tina turned to the Duke. “Flora may be at the Nairns’,” she said quietly. “They seemed very easy together at your ball. And if the poor child knows so few other girls—”

The Duke took her arm. “We’ll go at once,” he told Charles and Lady Sophia. And then, grimly, “I believe I must insist that you permit Flora to remain in London for the Season, Sophia. I shall stand the nonsense for her clothing and activities.”

Although she would have died on the rack rather than admitted it, Sophia Rate was thankful to have so easy a solution to her problem. Renfrew would find Flora and bring her back. But better, he would assume financial responsibility for the chit, and even take her about under his aegis. And perhaps he would relent in his harsh judgment against poor George, who had been screaming at his doting Mama ever since he learned what her attack upon his uncle had brought upon him. Sophia began to smile. She had helped her older son, and without having to apologize to John or to that little provincial he was sponsoring! A good day’s work! She looked about her to see who remained in her drawing room. It was empty. Charles had left with John and the girl, apparently. Sophia pulled the bell to summon a servant. It was time to write a triumphant message to poor George.





11



Charles insisted, rather cavalierly, upon being included in the search party. After a moment’s consideration, Tina interrupted the Duke’s efforts to dismiss his friend.

“We do not wish to seem like gaolers hauling off a prisoner. I think Flora would find it more comfortable to be picked up by a group of good friends, dropping by for a social call.”

Charles and Nigel were impressed by her suggestion. The Duke agreed, but asked wryly, “Will that work if Flora’s told the Nairns her whole story?”

Tina said confidently, “We shall rely upon your nous, John, to carry off the situation, in that case.”

Charles and Nigel grinned openly. The Duke was understood to remark upon the fate likely to befall scapegraces and would-be jokesters who pushed their Elders and Betters too far.

“Elders, certainly,” pronounced Charles, greatly daring.

As a result of similar badinage, the Duke’s party arrived in high gig at Nairn Town House. The Dowager Duchess was delighted to welcome John Stone, for whom she had a soft spot, while both Flora and Jennifer seized upon Tina with cries of pleasure. Tina noticed, also, that Flora turned a pretty shade of pink under Charles Vernell’s obvious relief and happiness in seeing her safe. So it was an unexpectedly jolly little party that sat down for tea in the handsome drawing room—so different in every way from Sophia Rate’s cold and cheerless salon.

“We have been planning some interesting excursions,” said Tina, striking while the iron was hot. She glanced quickly under her lashes at the Duke, who appeared willing enough. “Oh, all very educational, of course,” she hastened to assure the Dowager. “Art galleries, and museums, and perhaps a concert! We were hoping you might permit Jennifer to make one of our little group.”

Smiling fondly at her granddaughter’s imploring face, the Dowager gave cheerful permission. “If you, my dear Renfrew, are to be their guide and mentor . . . ?”

With a rueful grin, silently acknowledging her strategy as well as Tina’s, the Duke said he supposed he would have to do so, lest Flora be sent rusticate to her aunt’s country home at Bodiam. Then, observing Flora’s blushes and the Dowager’s conscious expression, the Duke was confirmed in his suspicion that his scamp of a niece had opened her budget.

This was confirmed when Jessica Nairn asked, “Why does Sophia Rate threaten to send Flora to Bodiam Castle? Isn’t that Lady Stone’s home?”

Lucy sensibly refuses to live there,” replied the Duke. “The place is falling down, and so steeped in history that it has a crowded feeling. It is also cold and damp. Lucy rarely goes there since Theo died. And of course Sophia believes she has a right as Theo’s sister, to send her children there if she wishes. There is always staff in residence. The fourth Duke acquired the castle when he married the Earl of Bodiam’s only child—a red-haired daughter.” He ruffled Flora’s hair lightly, smiling at the girl. “As copper-tops, you and Nigel have the best right of any of the Renfrews to be there.”

“I would far rather stay in London and see the sights with you and Miss Long!” said Flora. “You did promise—?”

“Yes! I promised,” agreed the Duke. “Now we must make our plans for tomorrow. Shall we visit the art collection of Sir Hans Sloane in the British Museum?”

“How about topping that off with a visit to Astley’s Amphitheater?” suggested Nigel, hopefully.

“And then going back to John’s Town House for a snack and some practice in dancing?” coaxed Charles, his enthusiasm making him appear as youthful as Nigel. “The ballroom is being wasted!”

The Dowager and the Duke exchanged glances.

“I commiserate with Your Grace,” said Lady Jessica. “I foresee a crowded calendar.”





The next few weeks were the happiest in Flora’s life. Aside from the fact that her imposing uncle arranged exciting expeditions almost every other day—“to give us all time to recover from our excesses in between!”—Flora had the felicity of Charles Vernell’s laughing escort. Tina was aware of the girl’s feelings, and was finally sufficiently troubled to request a private interview with the Duke.

He received her in his library, a most impressive and fascinating apartment to such a bookworm as Athena Long. Her fingers itched to ruffle among the pages; she was hard put to maintain her image of the light-minded débutante.

It seemed His Grace was amused by her dilemma. “When we are alone, Athena, you may surely set aside that frivolous manner and indulge in your secret vice? If I promise never to breathe to a soul that the charming and popular Miss Long is, in fact, a Bluestocking?”

She was unable to prevent herself from smiling into his dark, teasing face. He was such a disturbing man—one minute warm and playful, the next—and for no reason, it sometimes seemed—harsh and cold and arrogant. Still, he was playful at this moment, and Tina wished to bask in the warmth of his good humor.

“You tempt me almost beyond bearing,” she dimpled up at him. “With such treasure as you boast here, I really cannot understand how you find time to lead the Social World as you do.”

“I lead until I am bored,” he admitted without false modesty. “Then I disappear for a week or so—and the tongues wag!” His laugh was cynical and quite uncaring.

Chilled by his change of mood, Tina looked soberly up into the handsome countenance. “It is about Flora that I wish to speak to you,” she said slowly. “She is a darling, but still very young, very unsophisticated. I am afraid she may be developing a tendre for Lord Charles.”

The Duke frowned. “What evidence have you?”

“Oh, there is nothing out of the way in the behavior of either Flora or Lord Charles, at least that I have observed. It is only that Flora is still a child, and Charles is very attractive to a lonely girl.”

“If my dear sister had made the least push to secure young companions for her children, we should not be facing such awkward situations,” said the Duke grimly. “Nigel is to go back to school soon, and is perfectly happy with the necessity, but his departure will leave Flora the more bereft.”

“Jennifer Nairn is a good friend to her,” offered Tina. “And I care very much for the child. She will not be completely alone.”

The Duke eyed her gloomily. “She will have her come-out next year. It was to put her in the way of Society that I invited her to my ball. I have seen what happens when a green girl is thrust into the Ton without preparation!” He shrugged. “I suppose I might arrange for her to go to a girls’ school. At least she would not lack for suitable companionship there.”

“Since she has not thus far attended such an establishment, and will have few of the skills expected of a girl her age, she will be put with girls much younger. Might this not seem to her a punishment?” asked Tina anxiously.

The Duke frowned. “Sophia’s failure to take responsibility creates painful situations. But she is heartless!” He shrugged. “I thank you for your warning, Athena. I’ll look into the possibilities of girls’ schools. Meanwhile, let us continue with our policy of—ah—educational expeditions. I’ll keep my eye on Charles and see what he’s up to.” His faintly amused, abstracted air implied, to Tina, dismissal.

She slipped away quietly. “It’s as well he didn’t try to stop me, she told herself as she returned to Lady Delia’s house. I must get down to Guthrie and Sinclair and find out what has developed with my training manual.

There seemed to be a conspiracy against Tina in this latter decision. First Lady Delia insisted upon knowing where she had been. The respect Tina had for her grandmother’s kindness and social skills urged the girl to confide the problem of Flora and Charles. Lady Delia did not seem overly concerned.

“Charles Vernell is a fine young man who will prove a steadying influence on Flora as she matures. There isn’t an ounce of vice in him, Tina! I knew his parents well, and from what I have seen of him—and it’s been a good deal this last two weeks!—I am not at all worried as to his motives or his behavior.”

Tina sighed. “With that recommendation, Grandmére, I can put aside my alarms and get back to serious business!”

Her grandmother peered at her suspiciously. “I do not think I like the sound of that remark, Athena,” she said repressively. “Exactly what is this ‘serious business’ you wish to get back to?”

“Why, discovering the fate of my manual, of course!” replied Tina with a lightness she did not actually feel.

Her grandmother’s frown justified her apprehension.

“I understood you had withdrawn that—that incriminating document weeks ago, Athena. Do you tell me you permitted it to be published?”

“I fear so, Grandmama,” admitted Tina.

“Under your own name?” demanded Lady Delia.

Tina shook her head slowly. “No. Although I must admit that I regret my cowardice. After all, it is fairly scholarly, quite sound pedagogically, and—I think—even interesting.” She faced her grandmother’s horrified frown bravely.

“ ‘Pedagog . . . ’! Great Heavens, Tina! What is in the book?”

“You know,” answered Tina stubbornly. “I explained it most carefully to you the last time you asked.”

“I cannot have been listening,” mourned her agitated relative. “You are sure your name appears nowhere in the text? And that the publishers have sworn not to reveal it?”

Tina’s color was rising. “Grandmama, it is not a lewd or vicious pamphlet! I cannot agree I should be ashamed of it!”

Her grandmother was not appeased. “It is pedantic, bookish—and absolutely fatal to your success in the Beau Monde! I told you—”

“But I am already engaged,” retorted Tina angrily, “or had you forgotten? My career in the Beau Monde has been crowned by my successful entrapment of its greatest Prize, the Duke of Renfrew!” She ended on a short, anguished sob and turned away.

At once Lady Delia moved to take the girl in her arms.

“There, there, child! Do not weep, I beg of you! It is quite ruinous to the complexion.” She patted Tina’s shoulder gently until the ragged sobs ceased.

Tina raised her head and turned the full battery of amber-gold eyes upon her worried grandmother, who thought, as she had so often done recently, that the Duke must be a singularly cool and stolid male to be impervious to the bright, sensitive beauty of this charming young woman. Or was he? She had accompanied the little group to a performance of The School for Scandal, in the role of chaperone, and had had plenty of opportunity of observing the Duke’s attitude toward his pseudo-fiancée. It had seemed to Lady Delia’s expert eye that the nobleman was not as detached and uncaring as he pretended to be. However! This was not the time for Tina to be playing off her tricks. If indeed the Duke was beginning to feel an interest, or even an attraction, toward Tina, the fragile structure must not be jeopardized by such boring and ridiculous starts as publishing a training manual for servants! Lady Delia shuddered with real apprehension.

It was with her reluctant consent, therefore, that Tina set out in the smaller (and less noticeable) carriage, with only Tom Coachman as escort, to finish up her business with Guthrie and Sinclair of Fort Street.

As the footman was assisting her into the carriage, Tina caught Tom Coachman’s eye. She was sure there was an urgency present in that small dark orb, a sort of unspoken request for dialogue. It was, however, quite ineligible to hang in the door-aperture of the carriage and shout at him, so Tina got inside and permitted the footman to close the door after her. During the ride to Fort Street, there was of course no opportunity for speech, and when the carriage drew up at the corner, a safe distance from the unimposing entrance to the premises, Tina had to get herself out of the vehicle and close the door after her. She looked up at the coachman.

He seemed anxious to communicate some sort of warning or advice, and Tina thought she understood his concern. He was either alarmed at the possibility of her being recognized in his unfashionable district without a chaperone, or he was anxious that she return to the corner within the assigned time limit. Giving him her lovely smile, Tina said quietly, “Don’t be worried, Tom! I shall meet you here in exactly twenty minutes, as Lady Camden ordered.”

Old Tom Todd did not appear satisfied. He leaned toward her as she stood on the narrow stone footpath. “I’ll be awatchin’ for ye, Miss. Stay within the doorway, if ye please! I sh’ll drive right up to ye, and ye must nip in! This ain’t a good neighborhood!”

Nodding her thanks for his special care, Tina trod happily along the footpath to the premises of Guthrie and Sinclair, Printers and Booksellers.





12



Tina was almost running as she approached within a few feet of the entrance to Guthrie and Sinclair. The reason for this unseemly haste was not eagerness to collect whatever monies the publishers might have for her. It was, instead, because a natty curricle bearing two obvious Bloods was approaching her at a dangerous clip along Fort Street, both occupants of which had caught sight of her and were making their interest very plain. They were either under the influence of liquor or were the rudest creatures she had yet encountered in London. Feeling like a rabbit running to earth, Tina scuttled into the shop with her head bent, unwilling to risk a second look at the rowdy pair, lest she had met them at one of the social functions she had recently attended.

As she closed the door safely behind her, Tina beheld Mr. Sinclair approaching, his face one wide smile. It struck her that she had never encountered a Mr. Guthrie. Was he perchance a recluse, or merely a figment of Mr. Sinclair’s imagination?

Chiding herself for such levity, she accepted Mr. Sinclair’s greeting and attended to what he was saying.

“ . . . happy about your book! The purchaser has given us an initial order for one hundred copies, with a possibility of a further sale!”

He waited for her delighted praise of his salesmanship, but Tina was more interested in the unknown purchaser. Do you think that someone here in London is actually planning to open a school for servants! What a generous and far-seeing person! A rare philanthropist!”

Mr. Sinclair was privately of the opinion that the Duke of Renfrew was far from fitting the flattering image the girl was creating. Having had to cope with His Grace’s keen wits while making the financial arrangements for the printing and sale of the books, Mr. Sinclair thought that philanthropist was the very last title he would bestow upon the wily and knowledgeable peer. Up to every rig in Town, was the Duke of Renfrew!

“I am constrained not to divulge the Purchaser’s plans for your book, Miss Long, but I may say it is not to be used in London.”

“Not?” echoed Tina, surprised.

“More importantly,” continued Mr. Sinclair, “the Purchaser wishes to be informed if the Author is capable of preparing a further manual or manuals of increasing difficulty and—ah—challenge for the student?”

“But of course!” breathed Tina, thrilled at the prospect of stretching her mind in such an interesting project. “When would I need to have it ready?”

Mr. Sinclair awarded such naïveté a pitying smile. “As soon as possible, Miss Long.” He ventured a small pleasantry. “Yesterday?”

The young lady gratified him with a charming gurgle of laughter. Rather reluctantly, he got to business and had her sign the contract for one new manual every six months until both Purchaser and Author were content to end the agreement. The money did not seem as important to the Author as did the details of the difficulty of challenge and scholarly development. This, divulged Mr. Sinclair, might present awkwardness, as the Purchaser was adamant about maintaining his anonymity.

Tina frowned. “He seems an odd person,” she said discontentedly. “How can I shape and grade the work if I have no idea of his requirements?” She assessed the publisher’s expression. “Can you explain to him that a clearer picture of his special needs would materially expedite the actual work of preparation?”

Mr. Sinclair bowed. “I can try, Miss Long.” He sighed at the prospect of trying to pin down the arrogant peer. “There is, as you know, one plan which would resolve all difficulties.”

At her doubtful glance, he elaborated, but without much hope. “If you and the Purchaser were to confer together, all problems could speedily be resolved, and plans satisfactory to both Author and Purchaser could be formulated.”

“Impossible!” said Tina firmly. “Please ask the Purchaser to sketch his needs briefly. Then you can mail me the material.”

With this lengthy and not too satisfactory method of dealing with the problem Mr. Sinclair was compelled to be content. He handed over a surprising number of golden guineas to the gratified Author, and ushered her politely out to her waiting carriage. Tina rode home to Lady Camden’s Town House in a glow, planning further manuals in which she might entice the servants into an exploration of some of the more easily understood sciences and humane studies.

A rude reception was awaiting her.

A worried Dolby ushered her at once into Lady Delia’s private sitting room, where a tall, arrogant figure stood stiffly in front of a window while his hostess surveyed him with poorly concealed alarm.

“Flora!” guessed the Author, her gaze fixed upon the Duke’s forbidding countenance. “Something has happened to her . . . ?”

For once in her life, Lady Delia felt herself inadequate to control the situation. “No, not Flora, dear child—you! His Grace has been given some news which—that is, I am sure it is the merest tattle-mongering—idle bibble-babble—” She faltered into silence under a fierce glare from His Grace’s outraged eyes.

Tina endeavored to pull herself together in the face of this unexpected disaster. Of course someone had told him about the manual! But was that any excuse for such histrionics? Surely being affianced to a Bluestocking was not enough to put even so high a stickler as the Duke into a passion? Perhaps it was the fact that she had not informed him of her literary efforts, thus arming him against surprise?

Then, lashed by that ice-cold glare, she felt a defensive anger begin to rise within herself. What business was it of his? They both knew their engagement was a fraud, maintained in order to protect His Grace from the attentions of over-eager females! Still, no one but themselves and possibly Lady Delia knew it for a hoax. Trying to be fair, Tina accepted that to expose so haughty a peer to the malicious amusement of his associates was disastrous.

These thoughts ran through the girl’s head in a lightning instant. Now she walked slowly toward the rigid figure and said, softly, “It is not so bad, surely? If my being a Bluestocking embarrasses you so deeply, perhaps it might give you the opportunity you wish for breaking off the engagement?”

Two things happened immediately after Tina’s speech.

Lady Delia groaned incoherently.

The Duke stepped forward and seized Tina's shoulders in finger of iron, shook her till her head jerked about dizzyingly, and gritted between set teeth, “Bluestocking? Is that what you call your activities at the Venus Club?”

Tina put her hands on the Duke's arms and tried, unsuccessfully, to stop his shaking her. “Milord!” she gasped, “If you kill me, you will land yourself in a worse imbroglio then whatever you are in at the—the Venus Club!”

“I,” said the Duke in an artic voice, “have never entered the portals of the Venus Club! I leave to such rakehelly rounders and libertines as Cazyion and Pitchell. Who informed me, not half an hour since at White's, that they had observed my wife-to-be entering those same portals. On Fort Street," he added in tones of deepest censure. “Where I myself encounter you recently, and was given some terradiddle about spectacles and Bath chairs!”

Tina's delightful laughter rang out, to the shocked surprise of both her companions. “You do not tell me,” she asked primly, “that you were on patrol that day anywhere near the profane establishment? For such I must take it to be, considering its name and the contempt in your voice?”

Lady Delia moaned again at such daring provocation. The Duke's gaze had hardened, and the icy-hauteur of his expression was flaming into anger.

Tina took advantage of the momentary shock to continue her reckless teasing. “Since you seem willing to accept as truth the unsupported lies of 'rakehelly libertines,' perhaps I had better correct your misapprehensions. I was in Fort Street that other day and today in order to finish the sale of a training manual which I have been writing this past six months. My destination on both occasions was—the premises of Guthrie and Sinclaire, Publishers.”

She smiled coaxingly at the flabbergasted Lady Delia. “Do not be unhappy for me, Grandmother. It was bound to come out! And you know as well as I do that my engagement to His Grace was not ever a real one! No doubt he will be relieved to terminate such a contaminating alliance at once, the risks inherent in his great desirability in the Marriage Mart being so much less than those of associating with a lady of licentious habits—such as writing manuals for the self-improvement of servants!”

The Duke's expression had now become imperturbable. There was still a very angry glint to his eyes, and a tight-held line to his lips, but of the furious disgust he had shown, no trace was left.

“So you claim to have sold a book, do you?” he asked. “Who was the—ah—purchaser?” His hooded glance studied her face intently.

“That I am not at liberty to reveal,” Tina said bravely. “I can, however, show you a copy of the work, which I have brought with me from today's meeting.” Then with a flash of spirit, she concluded, “Such a connoisseur of the Rites of Venus as The Most Noble the Duke of Renfrew will have no difficulty in discerning the difference between a celebration of those rites and a manual for improving the speech of servants!”

Lady Delia's response to this pert provocation was a mournful squawk. His Grace was of sterner stuff. Even the glint of anger in his eyes faded, and his expression, as he stared steadily at the girl, was impenetrable. Tina had a sudden frighten awareness of her fate in the Beau Monde when the lying story circulated: of frozen rejection which would deny her very existence. Her face whitened.

“Just so,” said the Duke smoothly. His eyes had never left her face comma correctly interpreting her change of expression. "It seems the Author must confess her crime or risk being sent to Coventry on far more disastrous charges.”

But surely—can you not silence their lies?” pleaded Tina.

“The thought of challenging both the contemptible creatures had entered my mind, only to be dismissed.”

“Dismissed?” echoed Tina forlornly.

“Such a challenge to a duel would serve only to spread the tale, and convince everyone that there was truth in the canard,” explained the Duke condescendingly.

“Then I shall leave for Malong Hall today, leaving Your Grace free to repudiate me however you wish,” said Tina, not daring to glance at her grandmother’s devastated countenance.

Even this sacrifice did not appear to propitiate her inquisitor. Shaking his head slowly, he said, “You disappoint me, Athena. I had not thought so determined a campaigner for marital bliss would be discouraged by a simple set-back! Running off home like a whipped—ah—bitch!” He turned to the wide-eyed Lady Camden. “You must forgive my seeming coarseness of phrase, Lady Delia! I merely sought to use a cant phrase correctly—in the presence of a Bluestocking!”

Tina closed her mouth on a small gasp. The devil was enjoying this! Determining to leave the consideration of why his mood had changed so remarkably in the last few minutes to a later time, she took up the challenge of his last remark with kindling blood.

“In offering to return to my home, I sought only to reduce the embarrassment which my grandmother would naturally feel at this quite unwarranted, vicious attack upon my reputation by two of Your Grace’s cronies—”

The maddening man held up a restraining hand. “Not my cronies, I beg of you!” he uttered in a quelling tone. “I could not permit persons of such bad ton to claim even a nodding acquaintance with me!”

Tina stared, and even Lady Delia was regarding the nobleman with a suspicious frown.

“What are we to make of this new start?” she challenged.

His Grace elevated his fine eyebrows. “Why, that I intend to make the best of this predicament, Lady Delia.” His expression and tone hardened. “We shall proceed as though no vile charges had been made. Next Friday, we are pledged to attend Lady Jersey’s Ridotto, are we not?”

“Your secretary brought us your orders this morning,” said Tina resentfully. “Together with the box containing my costume.”

The Duke nodded. “Since I am doing myself the honor of escorting you both,” he said with what Tina considered to be intolerable smugness, “I naturally wished to be sure that our costumes would not clash.”

“After the charges those men made at White’s Club,” Tina found her own anger rising as the Duke’s seemed to cool, “It might be wiser for me to attend as a nun, or an abbess.”

“Quite ineligible!” countered His Grace. “In these circumstances, never an abbess! You are, Athena, too much the ingénue to know it, but that is a very naughty term borrowed to designate a—lady engaged in venery.” His hard eyes glinted mockingly.

Reassured by His Grace’s good humor, Lady Delia tittered and cast an archly reproving glance at him. Tina shook with anger at his lack of sensitivity. “And what is this costume you have chosen as suitable for me?” she snapped.

“You tell me you didn’t look at it?” mocked the Duke.

“I haven’t had time!”

“A very pretty costume in the Grecian mode,” contributed Lady Delia, who had looked. “After the Elgin Marbles, I should say. White and gold, my dear, with a charming golden cup with two handles for you to carry. Awkward to dance with, however. But no matter!”

Tina drew a deep, steadying breath. Grecian? That meant a clinging drapery, one shoulder bared . . . it did not appeal to the disgruntled girl as a costume in which she would wish to present herself to the Duke’s friends. “A golden cup?” she repeated nastily. “Are we to go as the Nobleman and the Barmaid?”

The Duke, who had spent some time in research, was justifiably annoyed at this display of malice. “In deference to your claims of scholarship, I had planned for us to represent Hebe and Heracles.”

“Hebe,” said Tina, pleased in spite of her ill-humor. “The cupbearer of the Immortals! But Heracles? You would say it is a Labor to escort me?”

“Her husband,” supplied the Duke coldly. “Who said she had the power of making him young again.”

“But how charming!” cooed Lady Delia, who was of the opinion that few if any of the other guests would have either knowledge of or interest in mythological characters, in spite of the fuss being made over those broken statues from the Parthenon which Lord Elgin had secured for the British public! Still, it was a pretty thought, and Lady Delia hoped her difficult grandchild would accept it as the gracious compliment it probably was.

Tina was indeed wrestling with her emotions. On the one hand, such a thoughtful and unusual idea surely indicated a concern to please a young woman whose tastes were known to be classical. On the other hand, such a pair of costumes might make their wearers a laughing-stock in the Haut Ton. Consider Lady Sophia’s reactions, or Lady Lucy Stone’s—neither one known for the depth or breadth of her formal education! She raised her eyes to encounter a sharp scrutiny from the Duke.

“Well, Athena?”

Tina chuckled. “I am wondering, Your Grace, what your costume looks like? Is it draped to expose a manly torso? We must remember that the climate in Greece is considerably warmer than that of England in winter!”

“Draped or undraped,” retorted the Duke coolly, “Heracles will escort you to the Ridotto on Friday night!”

As he took his leave and went out into the hallway, Lady Delia’s lips quirked into a forgiving smile. “He is arrogant and autocratic and domineering—but he is such an attractive man!”

“It is to be hoped,” said Tina glumly, “that he will not look absurd in his costume in front of all his friends!” She sighed. “Or that I will! I had better go up and see what he has chosen for me to wear.”





13



The next day began very badly.

Tina was still in the breakfast parlor when Dolby ushered in a weeping Flora. The older girl rose, offered tea, cocoa, coffee; Flora refused all comfort.

Taking the girl’s hand in hers, Tina led her to a chair and sat down beside her. “Now you must tell me what is upsetting you, dear Flora, for I cannot help you until you do so.”

Flora sobbed once more, then pulled out a wet little handkerchief and scrubbed childishly at her face.

“It is Mama!” she announced, and began to cry again.

“What has she done?” Tina persisted. “Flora, tell me!” Though she had rather take the unhappy victim in her arms, Tina gave her a gentle shake.

This firm treatment had the desired result. Flora took a ragged breath and was understood to say that her mother, jealous of the time and attention which Renfrew was lavishing upon Tina, Flora, and Nigel, had informed Flora that unless Gogo was included as one of the party, Flora and her brother must refuse all future invitations.

Tina had heard, from various sources, a good deal about Gogo, none of which would lead her to suspect that that amateur rakehell would be caught dead in most of the places the small party visited. Being Tina, she said so at once.

“Your brother would dislike our little excursions intensely.”

“I know that!” Flora wailed. “You know it! Uncle John does! Even Gogo knows it, but Mama does not! Or perhaps she wants to make trouble for Uncle John. She hates him, you know, because he is the Duke, although she is older! She will ruin everything! I hate her!”

Tina, startled by the intensity of the feeling in the girl’s voice, could find no way to deny her charges.

Flora was going on, this time in a tone of anguish. “She says it will be wiser, since I am not yet out, to remove me from temptation.”

“Not Bodiam again!” protested Tina. “She must know the Duke will not permit her.”

“No, this time she plans to send me home to my father’s estate in the north. She knows Uncle John has no control there. It is because of the rumors. She thinks she has the better of him at last!”

“What—rumors?” demanded Tina, her heart sinking.

“Gogo came in after dinner last night in high gig. It seems he was told some story about Uncle John which amused him very much, and was not to my uncle’s credit, which pleased both of them. Mama sent me from the room at once, but I—ah—lingered in the hallway.” Flora gave Tina a defiant look. “I know it was wrong to eavesdrop, but how else is one ever to find out anything? Well, I hid behind that silly suit of armor Mama insists upon keeping by the doorway—the maids hate dusting it; they always knock off some part of it!—and I heard Gogo tell Mama about this house where idle ladies go in the afternoons to meet gentlemen.” She frowned. “I’m not sure why that should be so naughty, for surely most males and females of our order—as Mama is forever saying!—are idle, and visit one another when not engaged with modistes or hairdressers. Males of course having all the fun, for they have their clubs, and mills, cockfights, and I do not know how many other interesting events!”

“Collect yourself, Flora, and give me a plain tale!” demanded Tina, already deeply apprehensive.

“Well, this house was called the Venus Club, and Gogo told Mama that it was all over town that Uncle John’s fiancée—” Flora halted in her tale, her eyes growing rounder as she noticed the horror on Tina’s expressive countenance. “—Uncle John’s fiancée! But that’s you, Tina! Gogo’s story was about you!” She stared into Tina’s white face for a long moment. “It is a lie!” she whispered. “No one will believe it!”

“No one will need to believe it,” said Tina quietly. “The harm will be done just by spreading it!”

“What shall we do?” breathed Flora, terrified by the bleak look on the lovely face before her. “We must tell Uncle John at once! Perhaps he can stop Gogo from spreading the story?” Then, as Tina, deep in thought, did not answer, Flora stood up. “I am afraid there is nothing I can do to help you, dearest Tina! Is there?” she added anxiously.

Tina, recalled from her own troubles by the desolation in the face before her, shook her head and forced a smile. “You have proven yourself my friend by coming to me at once with this—this false rumor. Perhaps it is I who should be helping you to endure your situation, but I fear I shall not be able to remain in London if this lie is spread. It will be better also for your uncle if he is not compelled to defend me.”

“You will leave London?” faltered the younger girl.

“It may be best to do so.” Tina summoned a smile.

“I hate Mama,” Flora gritted between small, set teeth. She turned to leave, then came back to give Tina a hard, quick hug. “Thank you for all your kindness to me, Tina. It has been good to be your friend.”

Flora left the room hurriedly, crying.

Tina, helpless to assist her, was forced to watch her go.





A quarter of an hour later, while Tina was still trying to decide what was best to do in the situation, and whether Flora’s news would change the Duke’s strategy, Dolby entered again with a worried look.

“There is a note from your Mama, Miss Athena,” he said, offering it upon a small silver tray. “The groom who brought it said it was most urgent—a matter of life and death.”

Dolby himself was of the opinion that the groom, youthful and full of his important mission, was milking it for every drop of drama he could squeeze out—but of course it was not Dolby’s place to so advise his employer’s granddaughter.

Tina took the envelope with dread. The letter was in her mother’s hand, so badly scrawled that Tina had difficulty in making out the words. The sum of the disjointed screed seemed to be that Papa had suffered an accident and was lingering at Death’s doorway, and could Tina tear herself away from the delights of the London Season and attend her father’s bed-side? And be sure to pick up her father’s new riding breeches, from their own tailor in Town, since Umphrey would never patronize anyone else, and bring two jars of Restorative Pork Jelly. The two latter requests were heavily underlined.

Tina shook her head in despair. The accident had evidently driven poor Dulcinia out of what little wits she normally employed. If Jase and Killy were away from home, furthering their careers on land and sea, poor little Dulcinia would have no steady support. Gathering her own wits about her, Tina turned to the hovering Dolby.

“It was good of you to wait,” she smiled briefly. “This letter was from my mother at Malong Hall. It seems my father has had—an accident, which naturally worries my Mama. She has asked me to return at once to help her. I shall go up and pack a bag, if you, Dolby, will have the small traveling coach made ready?”

“At once, Miss Athena. And your Grandmother?”

Tina hesitated. Then, setting her jaw, she went up to her grandmother’s bedroom. Lady Delia, wearing a charming bed-jacket, was lingering over a substantial breakfast.

“Umphrey has had an accident,” Tina said baldly. “Mama requires my presence.”

“Not on the eve of Lady Jersey’s Ridotto!” pleaded her grandmother. “Not even Umphrey could be that maladroit!”

Wordlessly Tina extended her Mama’s letter. Lady Delia perused it, frowning horrendously. “What does she mean, axehandle? Oh! That’s accident. Her spelling is worse than her handwriting! ‘Death’s hall’—stuff and nonsense! Yet it looks like it: ‘Umphrey entering Death’s hall’ . . . and then something I can’t make out; then ‘caught and mangled by Death’s teeth’! Really, Tina, your Mother is an idiot, although she is my daughter! ‘Death’s teeth’! Perhaps you get your literary proclivities from Dulcinia.” She frowned, sighed, and tapped her finger against the letter before returning it to Tina. “Ring for my maid, please. We shall have to inform the Duke. He will be furious, of course. Your sudden disappearance at this moment will serve to convince all the quizzies that the rumors are true.”

“Do we need to tell him?” Tina asked cravenly, and then answered her own question. “We do, and at once. We must give him time to plan his defense.”

“And what of your defense?” challenged Lady Delia.

“It will not so much matter, dear Grandmama, except for its ugly repercussions upon you. You had best disown me publicly, tonight!”

“What do you mean, it won’t matter about you?” demanded her grandmother.

“I shall not be returning to London. No,” she interrupted her grandmother’s protest. “If Father is dying, I shall remain to comfort Mama. You know how she depends upon him . . .” Tina could not go on for a moment. Then she lifted her chin in a shadow of her normal gallantry. “You did your best to make me a success in the Beau Monde, dear Grandmama, but you see it is a hopeless task.”

Lady Delia’s shoulders drooped. “It was a close-run thing,” she sighed. “I nearly brought it off—you and the Duke!”

“He will be relieved, after this storm in a tea-cup has died down,” Tina said with a confidence she did not feel. She continued bravely, “He is well rid of a flighty Bluestocking who embroils him in questionable situations and makes him the butt of scandalous on dits. He will be glad to be rid of me!”

Lady Delia sighed. “You may be right, child. Even so, you must tell him at once.” She glanced at the letter in Tina’s hand. “Do you suppose that nodcock wishes to be buried in his riding breeches?” Catching Tina’s anguished glance, she said briskly, “I do not for one second imagine that your father is at ‘Death’s door,’ Athena. That sounds like Dulcinia—up-in-the-boughs! You will probably discover your parent recovering from a colic! But you must go, dear child. Get dressed. I’ll see to all.”

Heavy-hearted, Tina agreed. She hugged the old lady gently, and hurried to her own room where her abigail was already packing a small suitcase. Tina changed quickly into a becoming traveling costume in soft amber superfine. Then, taking a lingering look around the pretty room, and resolutely refusing to glance at the Grecian costume the Duke had provided for her—“Heracles—who said Hebe had the power of making him young again.” . . . Oh, John, did you mean it? I have never seen you as too old!—she turned away.

She took her case from the abigail and went quietly down to the waiting carriage. At least she would see him this once more, and perhaps—

Tom Coachman, wearing a lugubrious expression, received her instructions to stop at Renfrew House on his way out of London with open relief. Did everyone know? But of course, Tina reminded herself. The trip did not seem half long enough. Tina had not yet decided how to present her news when one of the Duke’s footmen was handing her out of the carriage and through the front door. There Cullon met her with a Friday face.

“His Grace has been called away on a matter of great urgency, Miss Long,” the butler said. “I have already dispatched a messenger to Lady Camden’s home with the news. Miss Flora has disappeared again,” he concluded, sharply aware of her shocked and desolate expression. “His Grace was most concerned that you should lack his support at the Ridotto this Friday. He hoped to be back in London before that important event. But you will find his sentiments and his—ah—suggestions in the note he has sent to Lady Camden’s home, Miss Long.”

“I wish to leave this for His Grace,” said Tina dully, holding out the message from her mother. “Please inform His Grace that my father is gravely ill and I am summoned to Malong Hall. I am leaving at once.”

Cullon was obviously unhappy at this turn of events, and apprehensive that his master would be angry with him for not persuading Miss Long to remain in London, but he had no choice. He attended the young lady back to her carriage as though she were royalty. He was dismayed to note that she was crying as the coach drew off.





14



As Lady Delia’s carriage rolled smoothly over the roads toward Malong Hall, a miserable Tina had plenty of time to consider her situation. At least John would not think she had been running away from the scandal in a craven way—her mother’s letter would prove that point. But what had occurred to take him from London so precipitately? Could he have changed his mind, and decided to challenge either or both of the vicious rumor-mongers to a duel? If Flora’s incoherent account was true, the wicked lies were being spread all over London. Even if he succeeded in silencing the sources of the canard, the ugly story would spread in all directions, like waves from a rock thrown in a pond.

Flora! In her own misery, Tina had forgotten poor little Flora. Perhaps someday, if she became a noted writer, she might try to find the child again and offer friendship. At that thought, Tina’s mouth twisted in self-condemnation. She had not been of much assistance to the young girl, running away when her friendship was the only thing Flora had to cling to. Where was Flora?

By the time Tom Coachman decided to stop to rest his team and get Miss Long refreshment, Tina’s mind was exhausted with fruitless schemes and her heart was sore with regret. For she had finally faced the truth—that she was deeply, recklessly, hopelessly in love with a man who saw her only as a greedy opportunist: “so determined a campaigner for marital bliss,” he had accused her. She remembered every word he had spoken to her. Unfortunately, the sting of contempt behind most of them still hurt as much as it had originally done.

What was worse, she had invited his scorn by answering his question of why she had come to London with bald honesty, admitting she came to find a husband. Of course he had been disgusted! Perhaps if she had also confessed her plan to have her teaching manual published, he might have given her the benefit of some delicacy of feeling? But no! Her avowed purpose was one completely without delicacy, and must be such as would disgust any man of sensibility and taste! Tina groaned and wished she had it to do over. London was a forcing-bed for maturity. Was it too late for her?

Rallying enough to put on a brighter face for Tom Coachman, she dismounted at his command and allowed him to accompany her into the genteel inn at which, he informed her, Lady Delia always stopped for refreshment. It appeared he was known, and favorably known, here. Tina found herself cosseted and treated with every courtesy. She forced herself to eat something from several of the dishes she was offered; the result was a lightening of her black mood. She returned to the carriage much strengthened, and began to consider the situation at Malong Hall.

Was Papa really seriously ill? Mama’s frenzied letter would seem to indicate that he was, but a long association with that scatter-brained female had taught Tina to look for the small grain of truth within the dramatic presentation. For example: there was the underlined request for Umphrey’s new riding breeches. Why should Dulcinia be so urgent about such a minor and actually useless detail, if her husband were on his death-bed? And then there was the Restorative Jelly. Sighing, the girl realized she would have to wait until she reached Malong Hall before she could find the answers she sought.

It was well after dusk when Tom Coachman brought the carriage to a halt in a well-lighted yard behind a rather imposing inn. He helped her down and she was glad of his arm. Several hours in a coach, no matter how well-sprung, tended to stiffen muscles unaccustomed to such rigors.

“This is where Lady Camden usually spends the night when on the road to your parents’ home,” he advised her, and led her into the pleasant hallway. Here Mine Host and his wife made her welcome with discreet warmth, and the buxom lady led her up to a pleasant bedroom where a small fire burned on the hearth and the bed was already turned down.

“You will wish to have a supper before you retire,” suggested the hostess firmly. “There is a private parlour which Lady Camden always uses. Your meal will be ready for you in half an hour.”

“Thank you,” said Tina, too tired to argue the matter.

She washed her face and combed her shining hair into some sort of order, then wondered if she would even bother to go down to the parlour. It was in her mind that she should be driving on through the night, to reach Malong Hall as rapidly as possible, but the memory of the coachman’s tired elderly face restrained her. Had she enough money to hire a relief-coachman? Surely old Tom could not object to that! Tina counted, the coins and notes in her reticule, and decided that there might be enough. Of course there was the expense of the inns, and the meals for both of them. She would ask that Tom be brought to her after dinner, and discuss the matter honestly with him. A little more comfortable for this decision, Tina left her cozy bedroom and went along the hallway toward the head of the stairs.

Suddenly she halted. From behind one of the closed doors came a wisp of sound—a woman’s sobbing. Tina took two more steps toward the stairs, then paused. The sound came again: the heartbroken cry of a woman in deep grief. Tina went back and tapped softly on the panel.

The sobbing ceased abruptly. There was a pause so long that Tina was afraid the other woman was going to ignore the knocking. Then a very young voice called out unsteadily, “Who is it?”

With a thrill of fear and hope, Tina identified the childish voice. She opened the door and slipped quietly inside, closing it after her.

Flora raised a puffy red face from the pillow. Her eyes widened with surprise and then the whole small, tragic face came to life.

“Tina! Is it really you? Oh, Tina!”

The older girl came quickly to the bed and took the sobbing child in her arms. “You are safe now, my dear,” she crooned softly. “You can come home with me until we decide what to do about your problem.”

Flora’s head came up warily. “Home?”

“I am on my way to Malong Hall. You will be most welcome there for as long as your Mama will permit you to stay.”

“I shall not tell her where I am!” cried Flora, “She really does not care. She only uses me to hurt Uncle John.”

“While we are thinking about that, why do we not share a very good dinner which I am assured is waiting for us in the private parlour?” coaxed Tina. “I know I am hungry. Are not you?”

Flora gave a watery smile. “Ravenous,” she admitted. “I did not have money for both a room and food, so I told the innkeeper I was not hungry. I came by stage-coach—”

“But where were you going?” asked Tina. Time enough to scold her for the alarm, the fears her unannounced departure had given rise to. For now, she must be comforted. Tina smiled lovingly into the pale little face with its frame of bright red hair still bouncing defiantly. “What was your plan?”

“I was going to Renfrew Keep,” she admitted. “I knew—no one—could get me away from there without Uncle John’s permission. He is Head of the house, you know,” she added naïvely. “It is his Castle.”

Tina hugged her. “You were right to place your dependence upon your uncle,” she said softly, “and you did let him know where you were going—”

The sudden appalled expression on the child’s countenance halted Tina in mid-sentence. “Flora! You left him a message, surely?”

The bright red head shook guiltily. “No. I forgot.”

Tina hugged her once more, but a look of decision had taken the place of sympathy. “We must let him know at once. I’ll ask Tom Coachman to send a groom post-haste. They will all be beside themselves with anxiety.”

“Mama will not,” objected Flora stubbornly. “I do not wish her to be told where I am.”

“She will use your defection as a whip for the Duke’s shoulders,” Tina advised, grimly.

“You care for Uncle John, do you not?” ventured Flora, her pale little countenance alight with affection and curiosity. “I do love you, Tina! I am so pleased you are going to be my Aunt!”

Tina, feeling the treacherous warmth in her own breast, made haste to get the child to her feet and over to the commode to wash the tear stains from her cheeks. It would not do, she thought, holding a towel for the now happily splashing Flora, to discuss her feelings about the impassive Duke, nor his for her. Her immediate concern was to get this child to safety somewhere. She found herself unexpectedly angry at a family whose older members were so irresponsible in their behavior toward the children. Her own family, though not over-endowed with brains, were warm and loving, and cared for each other’s happiness.

She led the now contented Flora down to dinner in the small private parlour. The meal was a good one, and both girls did it justice. Then, not wishing to linger near the public rooms of the inn. Tina took Flora back to her room. She explained the situation when both girls were comfortable beside the tiny fire.

“My Mama has written me a letter saying that my Papa is at Death’s door,” she began. “But there are mitigating circumstances.”

Flora, at once entranced at the drama thus unfolded to her, clasped her hands and waited, open-mouthed.

Tina took a breath and continued. “You should understand that my family are the dearest, most loving people in the world, but they tend to—to lack judgment. My mother especially is moved to extremes of emotion upon very little provocation—”

“You mean she goes up into the boughs at the slightest excuse,” nodded Flora. “Or even without one.”

Tina chuckled. “You sound as though you knew her!”

Flora said simply, “My Cousin Harriet is such a one. She goes into a flusteration over matters which anyone else would see no need to bother about. She seems to enjoy being in a frenzy.”

Although the picture was not totally acceptable, Tina let it go, since it saved further explanations. “Mama says in her letter—or seems to say,” she corrected herself, “since her handwriting is atrocious and she crosses her lines not once but several times, and has afterthoughts which she writes in along the margins!—at all events, she seems to be saying that Papa is desperately ill, dying, in fact, and then she commands me—underlined!—to bring with me to Malong Hall his new riding breeches and two jars of Restorative Pork Jelly!”

“Perhaps her doctor has told them to expect a miracle?” suggested Flora. Then she frowned. “But why the breeches? Unless your Papa has expressed a wish to be—that is,” Flora’s face turned scarlet. “Do forgive me, Tina! You are such a comfortable listener that I do not realize the implications of what I am saying!” She hung her head.

Tina rose, went to the child, and hugged her warmly. “That is the finest thing you could have told me,” she said softly. “Yes, it is possible that my dear Papa might have expressed a wish to be buried in his new breeches, but there was something about Mama’s letter which puzzles me. I must tell you that Mama is not in the least bookish or romantic, yet in the letter she said something to the effect that my father had been ‘caught and mangled by Death’s teeth’! Such fustian is not in her way at all!”

“It sounds,” said Flora judiciously, “as though he’d been attacked by a horse. Have you one by that name—Death?—in your stables?”

Tina stared at the child with open mouth. Out of the mouths of babes—! Entering Death’s hall now translated to Death’s stall. And if Umphrey’s riding breeches had been “caught and mangled by Death’s teeth,” of course he would be anxious for their replacement. Suddenly a gurgle of laughter rose in her throat and would not be denied.

She began to laugh so heartily that Flora, at first startled, soon joined in the fun. They shook with laughter, gasping as the fit left them. Tina beamed fondly at Flora.

“That was more Restorative than Pork Jelly,” she announced, sending the younger girl into another fit of giggles.

Tina smiled fondly at her. “Now, I have a proposal to make—two, in fact. I shall send off a note to the Duke at once, informing him of your presence with me. That should allay the worst of his alarm,” she added hopefully. “Then, tomorrow, you will accompany me in my grandmother’s coach—much more comfortable than the stage, and certainly less expensive! To Malong Hall, where we will discover if indeed my Papa has lost an argument with a new horse named Death.”

Since Flora regarded Tina’s plans as inspired, both girls went off to bed in good spirits. They got an early start the following morning. Tom Coachman was plainly worried at the presence of a new passenger—and that one a daughter of the notorious shrew Lady Rate, but was somewhat reassured since Miss Long had sent off a message to the Duke. If he pushed the horses, he could get his two charges to Malong Hall within two days, which meant only one more night on the road, tempting Fate that no one would recognize either of the girls and spread scandal. Tom sighed. It was not easy being the guardian of Young Females. He really had not had the training for it.





The following evening, after a long, exhausting day in the carriage, the girls ate quietly at the inn Tom Coachman selected, and Flora went thankfully upstairs to the room the girls shared. Tina, equally tired, felt she had to write to her grandmother, which duty she had unaccountably forgotten in her concern with her letter to the Duke. She was just nicely launched into a lengthy and detailed account of the last two days when she was disturbed by loud voices in the hallway, one imperious, the other obsequious, followed by the beat of furious footsteps along the uncarpeted hallway to the private parlour. The door was thrust open and the Duke of Renfrew, magnificent in riding dress, strode into the room, immediately making it seem tiny and crowded by his presence.

The nobleman was obviously in a fury. Gone was the normal cool impassivity of his expression, the faintly arrogant imperturbability which had, upon occasion, annoyed Tina to the point of exasperation. Instead she was confronted by a dark Corsair, whose eyes blazed with anger. Directed at herself! Tina opened her mouth, gasped, and closed it cravenly.

The Duke nodded. “Wise of you!” His voice rose as he went on, “You idiot! You little coward! How dared you leave London without telling me?”

Tina’s scattered wits were collecting themselves at the injustice of the Duke’s attack. “How could I tell you? You were gone!”

“I was trying to find that idiot niece of mine! Sophia drove her away and she’s disappeared! But I counted—foolishly, as it appears!—upon you to hold the fort for me in London, not to slink away like a dismissed servant at the first sign of danger!”

Tina’s rage at these unjust charges was almost as great as His Grace’s by this time. “I went to your home to tell you that my father was said to be dying—! You must know that! I left Mother’s letter for you to read—”

“As soon as I returned to London from Bodiam, where I was sure I’d find Flora, I was given your Mother’s letter.” That seemed to enrage him further. “She is more idiotic than you are! I rode post-haste to Malong Hall, where I thought I would find you. You seem to set a very slow pace for one supposedly rushing to a death-bed!”

“My father!” demanded Tina quickly. “Is he really ill?”

A reluctant smile tugged briefly at the Duke’s stern lips. “He has a broken leg and a badly lacerated posterior. His new stallion bears the provocative name of Death.” He watched Tina’s expressive little face intently, grinning in sympathy at her dawning understanding. “He had opened the door of Death’s stall, startling the mettlesome beast into attack, which included biting him after knocking him down.”

Tina nodded. “So that’s why Mama was so insistent upon my bringing the new riding breeches—which I forgot to pick up in my haste to get to his death-bed!” She began to chuckle.

He joined her laughter, but after a minute a darkling shadow crossed his face. “Do you chance to know where Flora went? Now I’ve got you safe under my hand, I suppose we shall have to search for the brat. Of all the idiots!” It seemed to be a word much in his mind.

“She’s upstairs in my bedroom,” Tina informed him casually. She was still thinking about his phrase got you safe under my hand.

Instead of the relief and gratitude she was entitled to expect, the Duke glared at her with renewed anger.

“Upstairs—! You mean you helped her to run away from her home? Encouraged her in her childish rebellion? Failed to notify anyone as to her whereabouts? You irresponsible little lunatic. I’ve set the Bow Street Runners after her!”

Tina gasped. The Duke must indeed have been concerned for the young girl, alone and miserable and frightened, prey to any scoundrel she might encounter. With understanding came gentleness, and Tina rose and went quickly to the angry giant. Placing her hand on his arm, she said softly, “She’s well, and quite over the unhappiness which drove her from her mother’s house—”

The Duke interrupted with an icy glare of distaste, “Spare me your comforting platitudes, if you please! Take me to Flora at once!” Tina snatched away her hand from the iron bar of his arm and glared back at him with equal distaste. “Why should I? So that you can shout and sneer at the girl, and bullock her as you have been doing with me? I think not, Your Grace! She is tired and she’s gone to bed. Where I am going to join her!”

The Duke caught her arm and drew her back to the sofa by the fireplace. “Simmer down, little fire-eater.” He made her sit down and, after pulling the bell-rope, he sat beside her. Tina glared at him, but the fire had indeed gone out of her as she observed, at this closer vantage point, the lines of exhaustion which marked his dark face. He had been on the stretch with apprehension for Flora’s safety, and had made a forced ride down to Malong Hall in Tina’s behalf—surely out of character for the arrogant, unfeeling nobleman! And now he had found her, after stopping no doubt at every respectable inn on the road back to London, to reassure her as to Umphrey Long’s well-being! No wonder the poor man was weary. He could even be excused for feeling scornful at the stupidities of those who surrounded him, who depended upon his strength and decision to keep them out of the worst sort of muddles into which they seemed always to be falling!

Very much in charity with her arrogant nobleman, Tina longed to smooth away the lines from the strong face and offer whatever sort of comfort and solace he wished.

The Duke glanced up from the fire and caught the softened glow in Tina’s wide golden eyes. At once his own eyes narrowed with interest, and his expression acquired a distinctly predatory look. For some reason this did not alarm Tina. She smiled into his hard countenance, and said softly, “How much we all owe Your Grace! It is unfeeling of us to dump all our problems into your lap! But you are unfailingly good! A wise elder counselor!”

The dark piratical eyebrows rose sharply. Then his lips widened into a wolfish grin. “What are you up to, witch? This sudden excess of mawkish amiability must have some dark purpose behind it. Soothing syrup and sentimentality! Are you practicing for the composition of a romantic novel?”

Tina’s hackles rose at his taunting mockery. Devil that he was, he did not permit the expression of even common courtesy without voicing his suspicions of the speaker’s bona fides! She hated him!

The creature was looking at her with his eyes glinting with amusement. Tina suppressed her fury and disappointment sternly. Whatever she might have been moved to say was forever lost as the Host entered and asked their pleasure.

“I shall have a meal, whatever your good wife can prepare for me. The best wine in your cellar. A glass of something suitable for this lady, who has already eaten, I am given to understand. While I am dining, a bedchamber to be prepared for me. I think that is all for the present.”

Bowing and smiling, the inn-keeper got himself out of the room. Tina regarded the Duke with a jaundiced eye.

“You are very sure of yourself, are you not?” she said.

The Duke only shrugged.

“Does everyone always do exactly as you wish?” she persisted.

The big man raised one eyebrow. “Yes.”

Tina felt the rising of fury within her once more. She had to get out of this room before she found herself yelling at her tormentor like a fishwife. Well, she could leave now; he was in the way of being fed and rested without need of any comfort she could give. She opened her mouth to bid him a chilly good night.

The devil forestalled her. “I wish,” he said in a voice notable for its absence of arrogance, “that you would remain for just a few minutes, share a glass of wine with me, and tell me what has been happening. We have much to discuss,” he finished, in a wheedling voice, “Athena?”

Tina felt like a child’s ball, bouncing back and forth on its string at the whim of the owner. First the Duke treated her with contempt, driving her from him; then coaxed her back with appeals to her compassion and courtesy. She frowned at him.

“I do not see what we have to talk about,” she stated repressively.

The Duke’s boyish grin disarmed her. “You are just saying that because I was cross with you. Being worried, tired, and hungry at the time.” He tried to adopt a pathetic mien.

Tina felt a rush of automatic compassion, as quickly doused when she noted his sideways glance to see how she was taking his wheedle. “You are a thimble-rigger, a Captain Sharp, sir! What do you want of me?”

“Merely to talk, to plan our campaign, Athena,” the Duke coaxed. The entrance of the host and two serving girls with His Grace’s meal and the wines forced the end to private conversation, but when, at length, they were alone again, Tina found it hard to maintain her querulous attitude. He looked so very tired, and he ate his dinner like a starving man.

“When did you last eat?” she demanded.

The Duke shrugged. “Late last night. Your charming Mama insisted that I break my fast, although the hour was so advanced.”

“You mean she did not give you breakfast this morning?”

“I stayed at the inn near your home. It would not,” the Duke advised her primly, “have been convenable for me to stay in a house of mourning.” He glanced at her sideways. A most reprehensible look, Tina fumed. What was he playing at? One would almost think the wretched creature was enjoying her company, and attempting some sort of light-hearted dalliance!

The girl sighed. He was irresistible in this role, and he knew it.

“Talk!” she commanded.

The Duke chuckled, wiped his mouth neatly, and began.

“I explained to your Mama about Lady Jersey’s Ridotto tomorrow night, and how necessary it is for you to attend. I did not need to mention the importance of scotching the scurrilous lies of the two men who saw you in Fort Street. It was enough to hint at the possibility of securing a voucher for Almack’s. Your Mama—although she hardly looks it—is more than seven!

“She informed me with charming naïveté that she and your family had despaired of your making a success in the Beau Monde—since you had shown absolutely no interest in obtaining a husband, in spite of their combined efforts. Lady C. was their last resort.”

He laughed aloud at the repulsive look which crossed Tina’s face at this disclosure. “Ah, my love, if ever I need to know the truth of your statements, I shall consult Lady Dulcinia!”

Tina was so struck by the casual sweetness of his my love that she forgot to be angry at his shameless pumping of her Mama.

“What else did she tell you?”

“Very little that I had not already deduced,” smiled the Duke. “I, in turn, assured her that you were a tremendous success and would undoubtedly receive at least one distinguished offer after Lady Jersey’s ball—if you were able to be there! At which she urged me to find you, somewhere on the road between Malong Hall and London, and bear you back post-haste to Lady Camden.”

“You are a ruthless man,” said Tina. “Did you identify the gentleman who was to make me the distinguished offer?”

“No,” replied the Duke with a prim mouth, “I did not become specific.”

“Just as well,” snapped Tina. “I am not returning to London.”

“Why not?” demanded the Duke coldly. “Are you afraid of a little gossip? Or are you avenging yourself upon me because I accused you of tricking me into marriage? I have announced our betrothal publicly. You know enough about Society to realize that it will be impossible for me to withdraw now, and humiliating to be forced to explain your absence. Is it your desire that I be so embarrassed?”

Tina clenched her hands into small fists. “You have not thought of the effects of my presence upon your own dignity, Your Grace! I have no desire to embarrass you. My presence in London will encourage your sister to spread her lies. But when I fail to return, surely the sympathy of the Ton will be with you, deluded victim of a scheming female, and the story will soon be forgotten.”

“If you think I wish to be known as the tottyheaded victim of a scheming minx, you are far off! And you have apparently forgotten that your Grandmother will be deeply hurt, perhaps even ostracized by your defection.” He frowned at her anxious little face. “Can you not trust me and your Grandmama to pull all the chestnuts out of the fire? Come, show a little courage, Athena! Trust me, and you shall achieve your heart’s desire!”

Tina felt the stirrings of hope. “What would you have me do, Your Grace?”

“Merely accept the fact that you have achieved every girl’s objective in coming to London: to catch a husband,” grinned the Duke.

“But as my too-confiding Mama informed you, it was not by choice that I entered upon this quest. In short, sir, I do not want a husband! I never did!”

“Yet you lent yourself to the plan, and came to the Marriage Mart with Lady Camden,” said the Duke sternly. “What was your reason?”

Tina shrugged. “I disliked the notion of dwindling into an ape-leader. Perhaps I was even jealous of a red-haired flirt who had all the youths in the county at her feet. Or perhaps I was bored with the dulness of conversation which concerned itself solely with horses and hunting and county gossip.”

“But surely bucolic conversation has not suddenly risen to new heights of sparkling interest?”

“No, I am sure it has not. But the sale of my manual, of which I told you, has convinced me that I can find more real satisfaction in creative activity than in the idle life of a society matron.” Catching his look of incredulity, Tina added quickly, “I am to do several more books for the same purchaser. I shall be well-occupied and happy, I assure you.”

“You will not miss the dances, and concerts, the theater?”

“All these can be found outside London,” prevaricated Tina, annoyed at his persistence. “Malong Hall is not Outer Mongolia, you know!”

“Near enough,” said the Duke, unforgivably. He lifted one haughty eyebrow at her. “I have listened with patience to your arguments, Athena. I have decided, however, that I need you in London.”

“You need me—?” Tina found herself echoing.

“Yes. As I told your Mama, I shall take you and Flora back to London with me. I shall keep Flora in my Town House, employ a governess until she can be enrolled in a good school which will challenge her growing mind. You will continue to be her friend, and accompany her on our educational trips as long as she is in the city. And Friday night—why, that is tomorrow, is it not?—we shall attend the Ridotto together.”

As he made these arrogant announcements, Tina found herself torn between anger and incredulous joy. She was forced to admit that whatever his reasons, she wanted to be with this overbearing, beautiful man wherever, whenever, he wished. Unable to voice further objections, she said, “I am tired,” in a cross little voice.

The Duke opened the parlour door for her, bowed, and watched her progress as she slowly mounted the stairs.





15



Tina’s feelings were mixed as she prepared for Lady Jersey’s Ridotto. The costume the Duke had provided for her was at once daring and demure, a white-and-gold enchantment of softly draped material and subtly placed gold cord. For the first time in her life, her lack of inches was disguised—or made unimportant—by the artful fall of silken material. With her crown of dark, shining hair she was, in fact, a tiny goddess.

In spite of her own, Hugget’s and Lady Delia’s delighted recognition of her beautiful turnout, Tina was still very frightened. Lady Sophia had not communicated with her, or her grandmother; the Duke had sent masses of flowers and some charming trifles (a fillet of flexible gold to crown her coiffure in the Grecian style, and a flexible golden necklace set with glowing topaz), but no message had accompanied the gifts. So it was impossible for Tina to know what plans His Grace had made to get them out of the social ruin which threatened. Grandmama, appealed to in desperation, merely shook her head and advised Tina to trust the Duke.

Trust the Duke! Of course she did! But then how could even so skilled a social campaigner as he was get them out of this tangled web of malice and hatred? Taking a last glance at the surprisingly lovely little figure in the mirror, Tina squared her shoulders and prepared to enter the arena.

We who are about to die, salute you! she thought wryly, echoing the famous salutation of Roman gladiators before the Games.

When she joined Lady Delia, Tina was encouraged by the impressive picture her Grandmama presented. In a superb representation of a Greek Matron, Lady Delia positively glowed with restrained magnificence. Her robe was of so dark a purple as to look almost black in some lights, and her famous rubies burned with autocratic splendor at throat, wrist, fingers, and upon her snowy hair. Tina began to feel more confident.

“We make a handsome pair,” she smiled.

“It is more important that you and Renfrew make a handsome pair,” corrected Lady Delia.

“And that he does not catch cold,” Tina could not forbear adding. “The ancient Greeks really had no inhibitions about displaying their—ah—manly charms.”

Lady Delia, who liked a salted reference if it were not crudely expressed, smothered a smile.

At this moment, a footman announced the arrival of the Duke, and both ladies went down to the drawing room to join him. Tina caught her breath at sight of him.

He always stood head and shoulders above most of the company, but tonight there was a blazing splendor about John Stone which dazzled the eye. His six-foot-four inches wee draped in a short linen tunic with a metal breastplate whose bosses caught the light. A short, very practical looking broadsword hung from a leather belt at his narrow waist. The pleated tunic fell just above his knees, revealing powerfully muscled legs. A cloak of royal purple was caught over one massive shoulder with a jeweled clasp, and above it rose the strong wide column of His Grace’s throat and the noble, darkly handsome head. Tina experienced a strange weakness in her knees which had the odd effect of rendering her breathless. It was left for Lady Delia to say, “Incomparable, John! If any other man in London could carry off such barbaric magnificence, you would start a fashion tonight!”

The Duke smiled. His eyes went to Tina, and lingered over her delicate beauty. “Perhaps we all might set a new style—if the English climate more closely resembled the Mediterranean.” He could not seem to stop staring at Tina. “Athena,” he said softly. “I think it should have been Aphrodite!”

This remark enabled Tina to regain her voice. “But there is already an Aphrodite Long, sir. My beautiful sister! A ‘Goddess, excellently bright,’ as Ben Jonson wrote,” she concluded, with a naughty glance at Lady Delia.

The Duke cut in smoothly before her grandmother had a chance to express displeasure. “But you are not prepared to flaunt your blue stockings this evening, I see.” His eyes went boldly over her figure, lingering on the shapely legs under the revealing close-drape of her costume. Lady Delia suppressed a huff of laughter, and Tina felt herself coloring under that predatory glance. She held her head proudly.

“Indeed not, Your Grace,” she retorted pertly. “I shall, in fact, attempt to captivate every male creature at the ball!”

Her rebellion, if such it was, was quickly quelled. “I think not,” said His Grace smoothly, moving forward and taking her arm in fingers of iron. “I believe I must instruct you in the proper strategy. The primary purpose of this evening’s exercise is to secure your voucher for Almack’s—the symbol of your acceptance by the Beau Monde. To this end, we must scotch the vile rumors already set about by my wretched sister, her son, and the two libertines who observed you on Fort Street. I have contrived a plan.”

When he did not continue, Lady Delia prodded, “What is it? And what roles do you wish us to play?”

“Yourselves,” said the Duke firmly. “Only that. Allow me to direct the action.”

Tina scanned the magnificently virile man beside her. The Grecian trappings, while enhancing his powerful male body, were not solely responsible for the impression he made. It came to her that John Stone, Duke of Renfrew, would stand out in any costume, in any group of men. He had bred true to those qualities which had first won the Dukedom. For all his arrogance, if any man could resolve their dangerous problem, it was John Stone.

Partly to cover her extreme admiration, partly to express it, Tina said in rallying tones, “For myself, I intend to behave as though you were my whole dependence and delight—as the phrase is.”

“Do so,” invited the Duke with his wide wolfish smile. “It will be good practice for you,” and he offered an arm to each lady and led them out to his carriage.

Their arrival at Lady Jersey’s home was in the nature of a royal progress. Even the crowds of the hoi polloi, gathered in the street to gawk at the swells in their colorful costumes, received the Duke’s party with cries of admiration, and when a footman handed down a small black boy in an elaborate costume, there was vociferous applause.

“Whatever is that?” questioned Tina, but the Duke merely took her arm and her grandmother’s and escorted them into the wide hallway, lit with a thousand candles and crowded with members of the Ton. A hasty glance to the rear showed Tina that the child was following them, bearing a shining package.

Sally Jersey, heading her own reception line at the top of the wide stairway, cried out with delight at their costumes, and bade them an extravagant welcome. She herself was charmingly pert as Columbine. When the Duke’s ladies had expressed their greetings, the Duke waved forward the little black page.

“A trifling gift for you, my dear Sally,” he said gently.

Lady Jersey’s eyes widened as they took in the richly dressed small figure. “In the nature of a bribe, perhaps?” she taunted sweetly. It was clear she had heard the rumors.

The Duke favored her with what Tina privately thought to be a devastating smile. “For you, my dear? Absolutely useless to try any such ploy upon one of your acknowledged nous! No, Aladdin is merely the bearer of a real gift for you. Miss Long and I know how well one of your brightness of mind will appreciate it. It comes from Fort Street.” He enunciated the contentious name clearly.

There was a sudden silence, and then the hiss of drawn breaths, as all those who had been pretending not to listen to the exchange between the two powerful social arbiters now gaped openly.

Sally Jersey’s eyes assessed the gold-foil-wrapped package the black page was offering her. Then curiosity won, and she accepted it and tore away the wrappings.

To Tina’s complete astonishment, a small book in a bright orange cover was revealed.

Lady Sally stared at it. “Roads to Wonder? What is this, Renfrew?”

The Duke took Tina’s hand and pulled her closer to himself and Lady Jersey. “My fiancée—who has really dreaded being revealed as a Bluestocking!—has just had this most useful volume published by Guthrie and Sinclair, in Fort Street. It is already a success in the field for which she intended it, but she is of such overweening modesty that she has refused to permit any advertisement of her work.” He grinned at Lady Jersey. “Feeling that I might—er—cut up rough!” He joined the general laugh at his sudden descent into cant.

Lady Jersey’s eyes were bright with admiration and amusement. “My dear Renfrew, you should have been a General! You have cut the ground out from under your enemies’ feet! So charmingly, too! I hope you are going to permit me to keep this pretty page? As I recall, my own Mama had one very like him to attend upon her!”

The Duke bowed. “He is yours! And Athena and I hope you will be pleased to bestow your patronage upon her work. We shall pen a most flattering and obsequious dedication to be included with the text, if you will permit? I assure you, the work is scholarly.”

Sally Jersey handed back the volume to the waiting page. “Aladdin shall keep it until I have time to peruse it! I am not very—scholarly myself, but it would be flattering to become a patron of the arts!” She gave Tina two fingers to shake, bestowed a smile upon her, and turned to the next guests in line.

None of the three spoke until they were safely within the ballroom. Then Lady Delia smiled up at the Duke. “Thank you, John! That was masterly!”

He smiled and pressed her hand where it lay on his forearm.

“Renfrew protects its own,” he said. “It is our family motto.”

Tina felt again that strange weakness at the knees and the accompanying breathlessness.

At this moment the musicians struck up a lively tune. Since this was a Ridotto, with all the guests in masquerade, there was none of the careful formality that usually marked a Grand Ball. It was hard to single out the most important personages when everyone was hiding under an assumed identity. Many of the dancers were masked. A few even had elaborate constructions over their entire heads to represent strange beings. Under such conditions, the rules of precedence could hardly be enforced.

Establishing Lady Delia with a gaggle of her cronies, the Duke swung Tina out onto the floor to join the waltzing couples. The girl had been hoping for just this moment.

“Thank you, John! It was a splendid stratagem!” she beamed.

The Duke held her a little closer and said softly, “I think Sally Jersey accepted it. And she is such a talker that the word will be in everyone’s ear before the evening ends, and all over London tomorrow. Sophia and George are thwarted, and the two spies discredited. Yes, it was a good evening’s work, but we had to pay for it by branding you a Bluestocking. Do you regret it?”

Tina’s head rose proudly. “I glory in it! The day will come when everyone will receive a good general education, and with it the power to make something worthwhile of himself! How could I regret my small part in that?”

“But the Polite World is hardly ready for pedagogical revolution, my dear Athena,” interjected the Duke smoothly. “Nor will it welcome a militant Bluestocking, manning a barricade of text-books!”

“Much I care,” muttered Tina. “I shall be happily writing my manuals and possibly even setting up a school of my own at Malong Hall!”

The Duke’s shout of laughter attracted attention. He softened his voice as he said, “Can you not picture Dulcinia and Umphrey acting as sponsors for such a school? They will commit you to Bedlam first!”

“I may not go back there,” Tina retorted. Now that John had smoothed her path and confounded the gossips, she might just stay in London with Lady Delia and enjoy the cultural amenities of the metropolis. She said as much.

“And our engagement?” challenged the Duke.

Her eyes were wide and troubled as she stared up into his face. “You have done so much for me, Your Grace! Of course your comfort must be my first concern!”

“My comfort?” repeated the Duke, as though he did not particularly enjoy the taste of the words, “I recall that you once called me a wise elder counselor, and upon another occasion, thanked me for my middle-aged indulgence of you children. How great is the gap between us, Athena?”

“I am nineteen,” she admitted, feeling very green and gauche in the presence of his worldly self-possession.

“And I am thirty-six, twice your age and one hundred times your experience.” His voice was somber, repressive. Tina felt suddenly cut off and lonely—rejected as unworthy by every criterion. She peered up at him as he swung her deftly among the other dancers.

“We owe you so much, Lady Delia and I,” she began, in a small humble voice.

The Duke caught her uncomfortably close and then held her away from him. His dark, saturnine face looked down at her, impassive and arrogant. “Yes, you do owe me rather a lot,” he said, surprisingly. “I will tell you how I intend to collect the debt.”

Tina waited, the beginnings of alarm stirring in her breast.

After a long pause, the Duke said, in a voice whose silken menace sent a chill of fear through the girl, “First: your behavior tonight must be that of a young woman joyously approaching a much-to-be-desired wedding.” His fine eyes mocked her troubled face. “Can you manage that, do you think, Athena?”

“Yes,” the girl answered simply. If only he knew how eagerly she longed to be the arrogant Duke’s bride!

“You will not betray, by word or deed, that our engagement is—a hoax. You will continue to partner me at whatever social events I choose. You are a very effective buffer against encroaching females.”

Tina felt her anger rising at this cynical pronouncement. She bit back the retort which rose to her lips. The Duke, holding her effortlessly close to his body, watched the changing expressions which passed across the little face. He nodded. “I see you are learning to control your tongue and your temper,” he goaded. “By the end of the Season, I shall have schooled you well enough to make you desirable to other men.”

This was too much. No female, however grateful, could be expected to put up with weeks of such deflating remarks. More bitterly than she herself was aware. Tina struck back at her tormentor. “Who would want another man’s cast-off—even if the other man was a Duke?”

His grip tightened painfully. “You are repudiating the bargain?” his voice was hard.

“Of course not! I asked a simple question,” Tina defied him.

The Duke’s smile was an insult. “Almost any man in the Ton—if I am the Duke referred to in your simple question. I am known to be most particular, fastidious, and experienced.”

“Your Grace should open a School for Concubines!” flamed Tina, prey to emotions she had never felt before.

“Be careful, Athena! You are casting down the gauntlet! I never refuse a dare.”

He was mocking her! The girl threw back her head to confront him face to face.

The Duke seized the opportunity. Placing his hard mouth over hers, he kissed her until she was breathless, dizzy, and stumbling. Forgotten was the crowded ballroom around them. Forgotten Lady Delia and decorum, Lady Jersey, Almack’s, and the sharp eyes and sharper tongues of the quizzes. When the Duke finally lifted his dark corsair’s head from hers, Tina gasped. She was conscious of one warm, hard hand firm against the nape of her slender neck. She was aware of a fire running along her veins, and the trembling of her knees—which seemed to be almost a permanent state when she was with the Duke. Her great golden eyes blazed up into his.

“No wonder mankind has committed every possible folly in the name of Love,” she said, voicing her inmost thoughts.

The predatory smile widened on his Grace’s beautiful mouth. “No wonder?” he prodded.

Tina was too dazed by her experience to have her guard up against this man. “It is magic . . . cataclysmic . . . the earth whirls! It is even more powerful than the other time—”

The freest, most delighted laugh she had yet heard from the Duke’s lips rang out. All he said, however, was, “You are an apt pupil, Athena.” He kept his arms about her, steadying her, his great shoulders a shield against prying eyes, until she had regained her breath and her balance.

Tina found her cheek pressing against metal. She drew back slightly and dared to look up into his face again. He was smiling a gentler smile than she had ever seen upon his lips. And then he said, “Do you think you could become addicted to my love-making, Athena?”

Tina blushed a fiery red under that amused scrutiny. She was being brought back too quickly from her romantic revelation. For a few precious moments it had seemed as though all problems were solved, all questions answered; as though she were on the verge of knowing some profound truth which would cast its light upon all her days. His words brought her back to reality—the crowded ballroom, the overheated air thick with perfumes, the noise of the orchestra and the people talking above it.

“I would like to go home,” said Tina.

At once the spell was broken and the Duke’s face returned to its wonted impassivity. “We shall remain until after supper. You have obviously forgotten our reason for being here.”

The dancing continued. Tina was never left alone. Sometimes, between dances, the Duke would not even return her to the chairs where Lady Delia and her old friends sat, fanning themselves and sipping champagne. Once he did bring her there, and seated her while he danced with her grandmother. The moment he left her side, a number of men converged upon her, clamoring for the privilege of leading her onto the floor. Tina accepted one of them and found herself being whirled around the floor in a gavotte. At first she was anxious and stiff, but the dedicated skill of her partner soon won her to an appreciation of the lively measure, and she began to enjoy the exercise. When the music ended, she joined in her young partner’s laughter as he led her back to the rendezvous.

The Duke was there, frowning coldly.

After that he left her once, to dance with Sally Jersey, and he made sure she was seated beside her grandmother, and drinking fruit punch, before he left.

“John seems particularly devoted tonight,” murmured Lady Delia in her ear.

“He is jealous of his consequence,” Tina murmured back.

Lady Delia cast a sharp glance at her. “But of course! And he deserves your gratitude for his face-saving stratagem this evening! Even if you were not his fiancée, his action as we greeted Lady Jersey would have saved your credit in Society. It was brilliant!”

Tina nodded agreement.

Although they danced together again, and the Duke squired the two women down to supper with every appearance of enjoyment, the pleasure had gone out of the evening as far as Tina was concerned. She smiled her bright, attractive smile, she widened her great golden eyes upon the Duke’s face with every appearance of admiration and delight, she asked questions and made comments in her pretty voice—but all the time she was thinking back to that magical moment on the dance floor, and wondering desolately if she would ever again experience such bliss.

At last the time came to take their leave of their indefatigable hostess. Lady Jersey was still prattling on, her face animated.

“How does she do it?” muttered Lady Delia. “I could swear she hasn’t stopped talking all evening.”

“She loves it,” advised the Duke, also sotto voce. “She talked all through our dance. Eventually I found it rather restful. There is no need to think of something to say.”

He and Lady Delia were laughing when it was their turn to thank their hostess and bid her goodnight. Sally Jersey scanned their faces with sharp, interested eyes, then glanced at Tina.

The girl was ready. Instead of looking at Lady Jersey, she had fastened her eyes on the Duke’s smiling face in a glance of besotted adoration. Her hostess flashed back to the Duke with reluctant admiration. “How do you manage it?” she mocked. “Another victim—” she glanced at his costume—“to your sword! Goodnight, child,” she addressed Tina. “My compliments upon your literary efforts. Although I cannot see Renfrew permitting you to continue with them after your marriage!”

Affably formal, the Duke escorted his ladies out to his carriage, which appeared as by magic on the arrival of the party at the head of the steps. Lady Delia kept a flow of innocuous comment about the costumes, the food, the music, the remarks of her contemporaries, until the carriage pulled up in front of her own well-lighted doorway. As he and a groom assisted her out of the vehicle, she chuckled at the Duke.

“I have just given my celebrated imitation of Sally Jersey! I fear it may be catching!”

Once inside, the Duke bent over her bejeweled hand. “Good-night, Lady Delia. Thank you for being my guest this evening. May I have just two minutes to speak to my fiancée?”

Lady Delia nodded. She looked very tired. “Thank you, John. Yes, you may talk with Tina for a moment—not long, if you please. The evening has been a demanding one for us all.”

With that, she left them and walked slowly up the staircase, preceded by her footman with her lighted candle in his hand.

The Duke led Tina to the formal drawing room and closed the door behind them. He escorted her to a chair and almost pushed her down into it.

“Your Grandmother, at least, likes me,” he said grimly. “Maybe it takes an older woman to appreciate me.”

Staring up in surprise into his discontented face, Tina felt a small surge of hope. Impulsively, meeting the obscure need she sensed in him, she said honestly, “I have never thought of you as old! You must know that you are—that you have—” Conscious of her self-betrayal, she hesitated.

“If you mean half the things you say, or even one quarter of the things your smile has been implying—maddeningly!—all evening, why do you always draw back? Does a man’s touch disgust you?”

“Yours does not,” answered Tina, throwing her cap over the windmill. “You saw what happened to me tonight when you kissed me.”

There was a lightening and softening of the harsh dark features above her. The Duke took her hand and pulled her up to stand close in his embrace. Tina winced at the sudden contact.

The Duke released her at once, his voice grim. “There! You have done it again! Every time—!”

Tina laughed. “Your Grace, when you force a woman against a metal breast-plate as hard as you have just done, it hurts! Your knowledge of the female anatomy must tell you what I mean!”

Incredulous, then finally accepting, the Duke only muttered, “I forgot I had the damned thing on!” and joined her laughter.

Very carefully he drew her to him. “This is not a very romantic setting, is it, my little Wisdom? Shall I call tomorrow, wearing a more accommodating garment, and drive you through the park? Yes, that would be convenable. We’ll take Flora with us. She will be dying of curiosity, and you can enlighten her as we go.”

Tina nodded, dreamily content to be held in that light, possessive embrace. Whatever it was he felt for her, she would accept it, and hope that she could someday win his love.

And then his next words shocked her into full awareness.

“We shall continue this absurd engagement until the end of the Season, as I planned,” he said casually. “Knowing that you love me will make it all much easier.”

She veiled her eyes with suddenly heavy lids. Oh, God! Do not let him know how this has hurt me! she thought. She did not fear that she would cry. This agony cut too deep for tears. Absurd engagement? Knowing she loved him would make what easier?

In a moment, sensing her lassitude, the Duke released her from his embrace. “Tired, little one?” he asked softly. “I shall let you go now. But be ready for our drive out tomorrow! I intend to assert my domination over you while I still can!”

Trying hard to smile, Tina bade him good-night.





16



Once in her room, Tina sank onto her bed and shook with the agony of her loss. In one evening she had learned more than she ever wished to know about love and betrayal. The Duke’s rejection, so casual, almost gentle, had thrown her into a state of anguish which she did not think she could endure. Tina lifted her head and clasped her trembling hands tightly. She must take action! The Duke had managed to scotch the venomous rumors spread by his sister and his nephew. Lady Jersey had accepted her as a guest. No harm could come to Grandmama, nor even to His Grace, from her innocent forays into Fort Street. And she still had the Purchaser of her manual, who wished further books of increasing difficulty!

Tina clung to that, the one hopeful fact in this tempest of pain. Because it seemed obvious, even to her naïve heart, that the Duke did not intend, and had never intended, to marry her. It was, as he had always stated, a measure of self-protection, pure and simple. The more fool she, for hoping and expecting anything else!

On the other hand, Tina did not believe that she could endure several more weeks of play-acting, of being always at the Duke’s side, breathing the fragrance of his immaculately kept body, seeing the powerful beauty of his warm, possessive smile, feeling the hard caress of his hands—and knowing it all to be a sham. It was more, she told herself, than any woman could bear! But what could she do?

Go home. Lady Delia and the Duke could spread the word that her father had been injured. That much was true. And that she had been called back to his bed-side. True, also—and easily to be verified by any scandalmonger. And soon enough he would forget the country bumpkin who had so briefly engaged his attention. The very fact of their supposed engagement would protect him for the rest of the Season. Oh, why didn’t he find some suitable nonentity, and marry her? cried Tina’s sore heart.

Having made her decision, the girl washed her face and began to pack. Within a short time, she had everything ready for the morning, even laying out the travelling dress that she wished to wear. It was one the Duke had commended when he took Flora, Nigel and herself to Astley’s one day. She resolved to take that much comfort with her on her flight.

In the event, her departure was less bothersome than she had feared it might be. Lady Delia never came out of her bedroom before noon on mornings after a great ball. The servants, well trained, did not express any of the curiosity they must have felt at seeing Lady Camden’s granddaughter embarking in a hackney coach with two large suitcases and a handbag. Dolby, directing the placement of Tina’s bags at her feet, ventured one question.

“Milady is aware of your journey, Miss Athena?”

“She knows of my father’s accident, Dolby,” Tina answered composedly.

“Yes, Miss,” agreed the butler, but his glance was full of doubt. Tina smiled at him suddenly. They were good, these devoted old servants of Grandmama’s! “Thank you for everything,” she said, pressing into his reluctant hand the envelopes in which she had placed the vails for the servants. This was such an assurance of her final departure that she had not wished to do it earlier, lest he consult Lady Delia.

She sat back in the coach, the footman closed the door, and the driver set his team into motion. It was goodbye. Tears misted her vision, but she had no desire to look a last time upon Portman Square.

The trip home was not comfortable, even in the mailcoach. She arrived at Malong just before lunchtime the next day, exhausted by the incredible rapidity of the non-stop journey. In the village, she was able to secure the services of a gig and driver from the host of the inn, who bent a pretty forbidding look at her weary, bedraggled state.

“Now, Miss Tina, what’s up? Where’s yer Grandmama, then?” he demanded with the licence of one who had known her from her childhood.

“I have returned to be with my Papa,” said Tina shortly. Old retainers—Joshua Tendon had been head groom in her father’s stable until he married the former innkeeper’s widow—seemed to think themselves entitled to domineer and pry into one’s private affairs! Still, he handed her into the gig with gentle support, and admonished the stable-boy fiercely to get her to Malong Hall safely or else!

Her Mama was not too surprised at her arrival, and broke into a paean of thanks for the breeches, which the Duke had apparently dispatched post-haste from London.

“Papa will be up and about within the next few days,” she volunteered. “His leg is mending nicely, and the—ah—other wounds have healed over. He should be able to resume his normal activities much sooner than he thought. Oh, Tina, it was so good of you to come to us!” Her pretty face under its fetching lace cap clouded. “But I am sure the Duke told us you were going back to London with him! Did you miss him on the road?”

In spite of her weariness, her sore heart, and her natural exasperation at this beloved muddle-head, Tina had to laugh. “Mama, you are a never-failing refreshment to one’s spirits! Now let me come in and wash the travel dust from my person, and then perhaps you will instruct Mrs. Morgan to set up a meal for me? I have not eaten in days!”

“This folly of fasting to achieve a fashionable slenderness of figure does not at all please me!” she protested, leading the way up to Tina’s old bedroom. “Oh, Morgan!” She caught sight of the elderly housekeeper lurking in the shadows at the rear of the hall. “Here is Miss Tina down from London on that horrid mail-coach, and apparently so eager to rejoin us that she has not stopped to break her fast on the way! Please be so good as to have a collation set up in the morning room. Unless, my love, you would prefer to go straight to your bed?” she added, to Tina.

The girl laughed and hugged her. “No, Mama, I’ll wash and eat first. It restores me just to be here with you again!”

Her mother, vaguely worried by the sudden arrival, stayed with Tina and escorted her down to the sunny charming room in which a small table had been set for her. Tucking into the tasty food with relish, Tina soon felt herself much better able to cope with any queries her parent might care to make. But before the inquisition started, she said, “Papa looks quite recovered, does he not? I am glad you did not waken him to greet me when we peeped in just now.”

“Dr. Sevenage has given me strict instructions,” nodded her mother. “Porter with his luncheon, then a good nap after it. He guarantees that will restore Papa to his old spirits very shortly!”

“I am glad,” smiled Tina. “Such a panic as you put me into, with that letter, Mama! ‘Death’s hall—Death’s teeth’! I had not heard of the new stallion, so you may imagine what I feared!”

Dulcinia had the grace to look ashamed, but it was a temporary guilt. Her pretty face broke into a mischievous smile. “If ever I want your company, I shall know what to do,” she said unrepentantly.

“You are likely to have a surfeit of it,” Tina advised her. “I am home to stay.”

At once a frown clouded the pretty face. “But the Duke? Such a lovely man, Tina! I quite lost my heart to him!”

“Be careful, Mama, or I shall tell Papa!” teased the girl, but her heart was not in it. She did not think she could bear an inquisition, however loving, at this moment, so she rose quickly, and dropping a kiss on her Mama’s soft cheek, said, “Not another word—not even one syllable, my dear! I am so tired I am ready to drop!” She went into the hallway, ignoring her Mama’s loving protests—and ran square into the big hard body of the Duke of Renfrew.

Taken completely by surprise, Tina could not disguise her anxious, loving search of the beloved face. The Duke was weary; hard lines of fatigue grooved his dusty countenance. His eyes also were burning beneath heavy lids.

“Oh, come in and sit down!” begged Tina. “Let me get you something to eat and drink!”

“When I have settled our affairs, you little—” began the Duke in a grating voice totally without affection or tenderness.

Tina flinched automatically.

“Yes, you are wise to prepare yourself, woman!” the big man snarled at her. “You little coward! What—”

“Your Grace!” piped up Dulcinia happily. “What a pleasure to welcome you again to Malong Hall! This silly child was too tired to tell me you were coming. Morgan! Send someone to take his Grace up to a bedroom to wash and refresh himself, if you please. Then prepare a meal. The best cognac, I think,” she dimpled up into the taut, angry face above her.

Slowly the anger and resentment drained out of the dark face. A slow smile took their place, softening the powerful features. “Thank you, Lady Dulcinia! You Long women have a gift for comfort,” he glanced slowly over the face and figure of Tina. So intimately searching was his scrutiny that Tina felt herself blushing hotly. The Duke’s grin widened. He bowed slightly toward Dulcinia, and then turned to follow the footman up the stairs, halting at the landing to look down at the women who watched his progress from the hallway below. “A gift for comfort,” he repeated softly, “as well as the power to enrage a man to madness.”

With a final glance at Tina’s face, he turned and went on up the stairs.

“What a charming man!” sighed Dulcinia.

“I thought for a moment he was going to beat me,” whispered Tina.

“Umphrey often told me he wanted to beat me,” confided Dulcinia. “I found it very flattering.

Silenced by this startling communication from her parent, Tina went cautiously up to her own room to bathe and change into fresh clothing. In the coming encounter, she would need all the reinforcement available. For there would be an encounter; His Grace’s final look had promised it. Tina got out her prettiest dress, a very soft primrose which brought out the gold in her eyes. Dulcinia, who apparently had a very good idea of what her daughter was up to, sent in her own maid to brush and dress Tina’s dark hair, and had even sent a tiny pot of rose-pink for her lips and cheeks. This Tina refused, but she did so far arm herself as to dab her finest perfume generously on her person.

“You look good enough to eat, Miss Tina,” said the abigail.

Tina shivered involuntarily. “I hope not,” she muttered, and she stepped bravely down to the morning room. She was surprised to find the Duke alone, eating heartily.

Catching her glance around the room, the Duke grinned at her. “Your Mama has more nous than you, my dear girl. She knows when to make herself scarce!”

This was hardly a promising beginning, thought Tina, warily scanning the beloved face. The predatory smile was much in evidence.

“Why did you . . . come here?” She asked. It embarrassed her when her voice came out in a weak whisper.

The Duke lifted his brandy glass in an insolent salute. “To bring you your voucher to Almack’s and—a new contract.”

“Contract?” Why did she have to echo his words like some silly ingénue? Tina thought fiercely.

“Yes. It seems the person who purchased your manual wishes to tie you down securely to the production of several more. The terms are adequate.”

“You have read my contract?” flared Tina. “By what right—?”

“The right of the Purchaser,” said His Grace calmly.

“You—you are the Purchaser?” stammered Tina.

The Duke’s grin was less threatening. “Yes.”

“But why? Why should you want my manuals?”

“I thought Sinclair might have told you.”

“Nothing. He said secrecy was the essence of . . . the contract.”

The Duke finished his brandy, began to wipe his lips and then desisted, with a devilish glance at the girl. “I am sure you will prefer the flavor of such an excellent brandy to the taste of beer,” he said, as a kindly adult promising a treat.

So he was going to kiss her! Tina’s knees were attacked by the familiar weakness. She backed away slowly, trembling.

The Duke observed these signs with smug satisfaction. “I see you are suitably impressed by my presence,” he taunted. “That is well for you.”

He moved forward with the grace of a tiger and took her arm. “Mrs. Morgan tells me that we may use the library for our—conference, since no one but Miss Tina ever goes near the place.” He smiled down into her small, worried countenance. “Lead the way, Author.”

When they had entered the room, the Duke closed the door firmly after him. “Now, Miss Athena Long, Author, Seductress! Why have you chosen to play least-in-sight with me? Why, little coward, did you decide to desert me in the middle of the night, after giving me to believe that we had a bargain?” He strode to her and seized her arms in iron fingers. “Why?”

Staring up into those demanding grey eyes, Tina knew that nothing but the truth would serve. “You said our engagement was absurd! That knowing I loved you would make it easier!” she sobbed with the pain of remembered rejection.

His fingers tightened. “But of course it was absurd! The melodramatics of the scene in my library with the Pennets! Your naïve stratagem ‘to save my bacon’! Would you not call that Cheltenham rodomontade of the most ridiculous? And as a sensible female, why did you not confront me with your—your suspicions at once?”

Tina drew a shuddering breath. “I suppose because I am not—a sensible female,” she said. “Thinking as I did, I could not bear to be with you for weeks, close to you every day—”

The Duke’s voice interrupted sharply, “You find me so distasteful?”

“Oh, no!” She looked up and saw the pain in his face; her heart was wrung. “How could you think that, John, when you saw how your kiss affected me? I could not bear to pretend that we were to marry, when it was all a sham! Too painful—for one who loves you,” she ended bravely.

The Duke’s hands closed more tightly upon her arms. She looked into his face. “I did not wish you to feel obligated to me,” she confessed, “but the most urgent thing was that I really couldn’t stand the pain of seeing you—and not—having you!”

The Duke drew a hard breath. “And I thought my advanced age and experience revolted you. I feared I could not make you happy.”

Tina dared a tentative smile. “That is absurd, Your Grace!”

“You called me John just now,” the Duke reminded her.

“John! You know how you affect me! You teased me about it!”

“Did I?” queried the Duke, with less assurance than he had ever displayed toward her.

Tina, looking at the Duke’s handsome face with the eyes of love, perceived something she had not seen before. Under the arrogant façade of the dark corsair, beneath the imperturbable front which His Grace usually presented to his world, there breathed a man of passion—and sensitivity. A man who could be disappointed, hurt, betrayed. Tina’s warm heart swelled with compassion and love. She knew he would not be able to accept the full measure of what she felt for him—not yet! But her keen woman’s mind began to see the answer. With a long, loving, teasing look into that guarded yet vulnerable countenance, she said, “Of course you did! A man of your knowledge of the world! Your experience! Surely you would know when a woman is in love with you!”

“Perhaps I saw it as mere physical attraction, or . . .pity?” His voice was a little stronger, more assured, and his grasp on her arms even tighter. Tina shook with inner joy, but her voice was still gaily teasing as she challenged.

“Perhaps you are a wily devil, John Alexander Stone! What rig are you up to? You know I adore you, every virile, desirable inch of you—and there are plenty of them!” She pulled back a little to observe the effect of her remarks. He was staring intently into her small, enchanting face, seeking the reassurance he needed.

“I believe I must always call you Alexander! The world may see you as Duke John, but to me you are the Conqueror. You bestride the narrow world of Polite Society like a Colossus,” she primed her lovely mouth, miming pedantry, “as Shakespeare said of Caesar,” then broke the illusion with laughter. In fact, sir,” she was quaking inwardly now with terrified delight at the expression which blazed on the Duke’s face. “As Milton said, ‘Your—er—dark large front and eye sublime declare Absolute rule.’ ”

Slowly, purposefully, the big warm hands left her arms and found their way around her slender body. Then hard fingers turned her chin up so her eyes were compelled to meet his own.

“Little minx! I—I—” Still he could not express the feelings, so new to him, which were shaking and changing him. He took a deep breath and, put his lips, as hard and warm as his hands, over Tina’s, possessing them, ravishing them, adoring them. After a timeless moment he drew away, and touched her face with gentle fingers. He attempted a casual smile. “I am glad,” said His Grace the Duke of Renfrew, “that I chose a literary female to marry. It will make it easier for you to tell me how wonderful I am.” He pulled her even closer to his powerful body. With temerity and love, Tina clutched him with her arms and hugged him hard.

“Oh, yes, darling Alexander, yes!”

The Duke essayed a laugh. “I shall expect to hear it at least once a day for the rest of our lives! Is it a bargain?”

“It is a bargain,” agreed Tina joyously. “so long as you pay me every day with one of those earth-shaking kisses of yours.”

His shout of laughter, so free, so delighted, eased the tension between them. “Only one? Paltry!” he teased happily. “One kiss per diem will satisfy you?” He hugged her until she thought her ribs would crack, but Tina voiced no objection. “I shall have something to say about that! I cannot have it rumored that I am clutch fisted with my wife! Close armed, yes!” he grinned wolfishly. “Oh, be assured, my Athena, there will be more than one kiss a day—much more!” He gave her a sample which left her limp and loving in his arms.

She had never seen such open happiness in her dark corsair's face.

He smiled down at her, himself unaware of how revealing that smile was. “I have brought you a few wedding gifts, my little Bluestocking.” He swung her up into his arms and carried her over to a deep leather chair, where he held her on his lap. “First, the reason I need your wonderful manuals. I am establishing schools in the villages near to each of my estates. The schools will be free for the children of farmers, shop-keepers, servants—in short, for anyone who wishes to enroll. And you shall write all the manuals and train the teachers to pass on to the students your own joyous pleasure in learning.” He kissed her again, lingeringly, possessively, before she could express her thanks, leaving her breathless and dizzy with delight.

He observed her reaction with satisfaction, taking in the soft rosy blush, the wide dazzled golden eyes, the soft breath coming quickly between swollen lips. “You really do enjoy being kissed by me, do you not, my Athena?”

The girl met his gaze honestly. “Better than any gift you could give me,” she averred.

“Better than a wedding ring? Or a diamond necklace? I'll give you those, too. I am besotted with you, my darling girl. You are sure I am not too old for you?” he whispered ardently against her soft mouth.

“Age is only a number,” she said softly. “You are everything I could ever want—more than I ever dreamed a man could be! As long as you love me, neither of us need fear the years.”

Her lover held her close to his heart. Time became timeless in that quiet room where Tina's dreams, wonderful as they had been, had never reached the warm delight of this reality.

He watched her with hungry eyes, this once-arrogant, cold-hearted man who had never trusted any woman. He took in the rosy blush, the wide, dazzled golden eyes, the breath coming quickly between her parted lips. “You really do enjoy being kissed by me, do you not, my Athena?”

The girl met his gaze honestly. “Better than any gift you could give me,” she averred.

“Better than a diamond necklace,” he teased, to hide his incredulous joy. “I have one for you.”

“An impressive bauble,” the girl admitted, her eyes adoring him.

He laughed. “You little innocent, you couldn’t care less! But a wedding ring? I have that for you, too.”

Tina caught her breath. “Are you sure you really wish to be married to me?” she whispered.

The Duke in turn whispered ardently against her soft mouth, “I am besotted with you, my darling girl! Are you sure I am not too old for you?”

She drew back in his embrace, looked into his eyes and said clearly. “You are everything I could ever want—more than I ever dreamed a man could be!”

He caught her close to him again. “I love you,” he said, like a promise, like a prayer. “For all our lives—and beyond!”

And Tina, her heart on her lips, knew that her dreams had come true.





About the author



Elizabeth Chater was the author of more than 24 novels and countless short stories. She received a B.A. from the University of British Columbia and an M.A. from San Diego State University, and joined the faculty of the latter in 1963 where she began a lifelong friendship with science fiction author Greg Bear. She was honored with The Distinguished Teacher award in 1969, and was awarded Outstanding Professor of the Year in 1977. After receiving her Professor Emeritus, she embarked on a new career as a novelist with Richard Curtis as her agent. In the 1950s and 60s she published short stories in Fantastic Universe Magazine and The Saint Mystery Magazine, and she won the Publisher’s Weekly short story contest in 1975. She went on to publish 22 romance novels over an 8 year period. She also wrote under the pen names Lee Chater, Lee Chaytor, and Lisa Moore. For more information, please visit Elizabethchater.com.





Other books by Elizabeth Chater



HISTORICAL ROMANCE

A Season For The Heart

Miss Cayley’s Unicorn

The Marriage Mart

The Runaway Debutante

The Duke’s Dilemma

The Gamester

The Elsingham Portrait

Milady Hot-At-Hand

Lord Randal’s Tiger

The Random Gentleman

Angela

A Delicate Situation

Emerald Love

The Reformed Rake

The King’s Doll

Lady Dearborn’s Debut

A Place for Alfreda

A Time to Love

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #1

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #2

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #3

The Elizabeth Chater Regency Romance Collection #4





MODERN ROMANCE

Lauren’s Designs





SCIENCE FICTION

The Big Sling

Bait For The Tiger

Operation Disaster (Short Story)

The Treasure of Mars (Short Story)





MYSTERY

A Course in Murder

Miss Sillithorpe's Hobby (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

Infernal Triangle (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)

The Brotherhood of Darkness (Jamie Jarvis Mysteries) (Short Story)





