A Gentleman


and a


Scoundrel




A Sparkling Regency Romance



By Norma Darcy





Copyright





A GENTLEMAN AND A SCOUNDREL



Copyright: Norma Darcy 2013



Published: 5th May 2013



Publisher: Sparkling Regency Romance



The right of Norma Darcy to be identified as author of this Work has been asserted by her in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.



All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher.

You must not circulate this book in any format.



This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



Find out more about the author and upcoming books online at www.myhistoricalromance.com.





Dedication




For Norma.



I miss you.





Chapter 1




“In short, I wish to ask you if you would do me the honour of accepting my hand in marriage.”

The gentleman who had spoken stood by the unlit fireplace in the drawing room of Lady Garbey’s Town house, addressing that noble lady’s niece, a pretty young woman of one and twenty who had suddenly become inordinately fascinated with the embroidered flowers on her riding habit.

“I go into the country for a while and I find I must put my affairs in order before I leave.” He continued when she had made no answer, clearing his throat and resuming in his habitual calm, steady manner, “I am sure that your father must have spoken to you regarding the matter. Indeed, the whole situation of your sister Sophie’s marriage has thrown my future into the air—and yours too. While we had not originally been intended for one another, you and I, the circumstances changed when she married. Thus I must look elsewhere for a wife. I still wish to honour my promise to your family and I have told your father of my intention to address you regarding this matter. I’m sorry if this conversation is abhorrent to you, but I must put my offer before you without further delay.”

The lady paused in the act of removing her bonnet, her hand frozen for a moment as she digested the import of his question. They had been out driving together in Hyde Park and if ever a moment had been chosen for such a proposal, now was most definitely not the time. Her aunt could come in at any moment, she was expecting a morning call from a friend and she needed to go and change.

His words had been spoken calmly and with control, as if he were ordering a new wheel for his carriage rather than making an offer of marriage. This was hardly surprising given his reputation and how well she knew him. Of course such a question would be asked in a matter-of-fact way. Of course he would not allow a hint of emotion to colour such a moment! How else, pray, should he phrase the question that would define both his future and hers?

What had she been expecting? A declaration of his undying devotion? A passionate kiss on her hand as he dropped to the floor on his knees and swore eternally to be hers? She might have known he would have looked at her in the same way as he might if he had been telling his chef that the beef was overdone. There was to be no declaration of his regard, no solemn promise of fidelity and no fear of the gentleman clasping the young lady passionately to his breast. He simply was not made that way.

She thought, as she risked a quick look up at him, that he was sure of success. And who could blame him? He had everything a young woman could want—looks, wealth, position and a disposition so agreeable as to make him one of the most liked men in society. What woman in her right mind would refuse Jasper John Lansdowne, the Duke of Malvern?

He stood tall, his broad shoulders pushed back, one leg set slightly before the other and his hands clasped behind him, almost as if he were expecting a physical rebuff of some kind and needed to brace himself for the impact.

He was dressed for riding in a beautiful dark blue coat of impeccable cut, which fit snugly to his fine physique. A pair of buckskin breeches clung without crease to his legs and his top boots were polished to such a degree of perfection that his valet was frequently offered large sums of money to divulge the secret. A neckcloth arrangement of the valet’s own design completed the ensemble, and his dark brown hair was cut and arranged beautifully to accentuate his sculpted cheekbones and the planes of his handsome face.

He was, at two and thirty, as rich as a Nabob, and one of the most eligible gentlemen in the country. He was clever without being bookish, widely read and had travelled a great deal as a young man. His business dealings with a long-time friend, who had lived out in India for many years, had greatly expanded the wealth of his estates and guaranteed his heir (whenever he begot himself one) a significant inheritance.

He was never in dun territory, never cheated at cards or at love and was always fair in everything he undertook. He was well liked by those in his circle and those beneath it; he was a fair and good employer, never out of sorts, never one to lose his temper and never argued with anyone if he could possibly help it. His manners were as impeccable as his coat and he never regarded himself in anyway superior to those less fortunate than himself. He was widely regarded as the most even tempered of men, an agreeable companion, an attentive escort to any social occasion and a stalwart friend. He had intelligence and amiability in equal measure and was handsome to boot. Equally at home in a society drawing room or at a mill, he had the ability to mix effortlessly with any society. He was a good judge of horseflesh and his stables were well stocked with fine hunters and fashionable carriages. He was pronounced a capital fellow by all who knew him. He was a very fortunate young man and the catch of the season—as he had been the last ten years. He was known by all as The Nonpareil.

This paragon of masculinity stood stock still, his dark brown eyes fixed attentively upon the face of the only other occupant of the room.

Lady Louisa Munsford turned her slightly flushed face aside.

She had known this moment would come, indeed she had been expecting it any time these last six months. Ever since her sister, Sophie, had married Mr Trent, she had known that the alliance with the desirable Duke would fall to her lot instead. Their families had been plotting a union of this kind ever since Sophie had come into the world nearly thirty years ago.

Louisa was well aware he was a great catch. She was also very fond of him. Who could not be? There was nothing to dislike. He was a good, kind, amiable sort of man but…

Dull.

Oh yes, he was handsome enough and had quite the best figure of any man of her acquaintance but…

He liked to read about burial mounds and ancient tombs. They said that he was happier wandering around a ruined cathedral than he was making love to a woman. He was a good ten years older than she and very clever. He had the precise knack of making her feel like an ignorant child, as if he were the great learned professor and she, an ignorant halfwit who needed to be educated in the ways of the world.

He had known Louisa and her family for years. They were more like siblings than lovers. They had been much in each other’s company since she had graduated from the school room and they had developed a very easy friendship born of affectionate teasing and a mutual love of beautiful things. It was one thing to value Malvern as a friend, but that he would now seek her hand in marriage was a different kettle of fish altogether.

She was one and twenty but the desirable Duke did not seemed to notice that she had developed curves, or recognise the fact that she was a grown woman with desires beyond quoits and geography lessons. He treated her like his baby sister and it was a state of affairs that had started to irk her more and more over recent months. A recent trip they had taken to the British Museum had been the final straw. She had wanted to shake him when he asked if she was familiar with the Elgin Marbles.

She had never seen him show an ounce of feeling about anything, except his wretched artefacts. She had never seen him with one hair out of place. She had never seen him anything other than how his reputation portrayed him; calm, unflappable, amiable.

She wanted more. So much more.

She craved romance. She longed to see him excited, angry; anything that showed he felt emotion. She wanted to be clasped to his manly bosom and feel desired. She wanted him to cast aside his prim propriety and talk to her of poetry and love. She wanted him to be what she knew he could not be. She wanted the impossible. She wanted passion.

“Shall I ring for tea, your grace?” she asked, almost as if he had not spoken. “I am quite thirsty all of a sudden.”

He blinked at her. “Tea? Well, yes, thank you―” He broke off abruptly. “Forgive me, my lady, but did you not hear what I said?”

She smiled brightly and moved over to ring for her aunt’s butler. “Oh yes! I heard you perfectly well but a decision such as that needs to be considered very carefully and for that I need tea.”

“I see,” he murmured and almost imperceptibly squared his shoulders.

“Well and what a fine afternoon it has turned out to be, has it not? With all that rain we had this morning, who would have thought it would recover in quite such a charming manner? And Harriet, my most particular friend, you know, is arriving here within the half hour to talk of fashions―ah, Hoskins; may we have some tea, if you please?”

“Yes, my lady.”

“I hope he brings some of the plumb cake too. You really should try it, your grace; Mrs Henderson has quite perfected her recipe. Not that I mind her experimenting on me, you understand…Oh that brings me in mind of something I wished to say to you.”

“I do hope that there is something you wish to say to me,” murmured Malvern with a frown, evidently expecting some kind of an answer to his proposal.

“Yes,” she answered with a nervous little laugh. “I wonder if you wouldn’t mind escorting my aunt and me to the Royal Academy. There is a new exhibition that we are both keen to see.”

He bowed slightly. “But of course, my lady. My time is at your disposal.”

“Thank you. I should like to see it and no one is as knowledgeable about paintings as you are. I am sure my governess had not the skill to instruct me half as well as you do, for you are quite the tutor.”

His grace looked at her for a moment, unable to decide if she was taking him to task. Her eyes were certainly bright, but there was something about the fixed nature of her smile that led him to believe that the lady was upbraiding him. He eyed her speculatively and said, “I am glad that my discourse is of interest to you.”

“Of course, who could not be enchanted to learn of King Whatshisname and how many battles he won and peer at a fusty old brooch that looks exactly like fossilised dung?”

The duke’s lips twitched. “It was a very ancient brooch and would once have been very beautiful.”

“Indeed? You have quite a fascination with old things, do you not? I wonder that you do not move into the British Museum and spare yourself the expense of travelling there.”

He threw her a long suffering look. “As one of the exhibits, no doubt.”

“No,” she protested with a smile. “I was not going to say that.”

“Because I am so very ancient, am I not?”

“You put words in my mouth, your grace.”

The Duke looked amused. “Do I? Knowing you as I do, I think only that I saved you the trouble of saying it yourself.”

She blushed faintly. “I think you are in a very provoking mood.”

He gave her a knowing smile. “And I think that you are out of temper with me. Have I done something to offend you, my lady?”

“Offend me?” she asked as if greatly astonished. “What could you possibly have done to offend me?”

“I wish I knew. But you seem a little…on edge this morning.”

“Ah, Hoskins…thank you. Please set the tray over here. And plumb cake too. You are indispensible.”

Hoskins smiled and the wrinkles on his face folded together, almost hiding his merry blue eyes. “My lady,” he murmured and withdrew.

“It is very good cake, do try some, your grace. Have this large slice here. There you are. And do take your cup and be seated in the chair by the fire. And now we may talk of history. I was so grateful to you last time we met to tell me all about King Henry the Eighth. I had not known anything about him at all. My education, you know, is woefully inadequate. And five wives too! How busy he must have been.”

The duke’s lips twitched again as he sat down. Yes, he was definitely being taken to task. “Six wives,” he corrected softly.

“Oh was it six?” she asked, an expression of great surprise upon her face. “Well, I am so ignorant of these things. Such is the lot of the weaker sex.”

His grace smiled faintly but made no remark.

“And then there are the occasions when you offer me just the right amount of criticism as to my manners and how to go about in life. It is reassuring to know that you are there to correct me and put me straight on these things for I was very badly brought up, you know. My education was quite neglected, as I am sure must be obvious to such a clever man as you. It is a wonder that you choose to be in my company when I am such an embarrassment to you.”

“Good cake,” commented the Duke.

She blushed faintly; her eyes still alight with indignation. “I beg your pardon?”

“Mrs Henderson’s plumb cake is very good.”

“Yes,” she remarked awkwardly.

“But you have not yet eaten yours,” he pointed out gently.

“I am not hungry.”

There was a moment of silence.

“And so, my lord Duke, do you remain in Town much longer?” she asked with brittle politeness.

“I remain here for as long as it takes me to tie up my affairs.”

“And then you are off to Stonehenge or some such ruin?”

He set down his half eaten cake, an uncharacteristic flash of impatience sweeping across his features. “Are you going to honour me with an answer at least?”

“An answer to what?” she asked, her heightened colour advancing still further up her neck.

“You know what.”

Lady Louisa flushed. “I thought I already had.”

“I see,” he said. “Perhaps you need time to consider your answer.”

“I have already considered it.”

There was another long silence.

“May I ask why?” His brown eyes fixed her with his steady gaze.

“Because I do not think we would suit,” she replied, still with a heightened colour.

“But we are good friends, are we not?”

“Friends…or as brother and sister…the result is the same.”

“Brother?” he repeated, much taken aback.

She looked down at her hands. “I do not think that there is…what I mean to say is that I do not think that either of us feel as we ought.”

“And what is that exactly?”

“Love. Desire. Passion.”

He frowned. “You are an incurable romantic, my lady.”

She nodded. “And I won’t settle for anything less.”

“Very well,” he said, standing abruptly, “but I will give you some time to think about your answer. I understand it is a big decision for you and there is a lot to consider. You will wish to consult your family, I’m sure. I will give you a month to think it over.”

She all but rolled her eyes. She wanted to grab him by the lapels of his beautiful coat and scream at him. She was old enough to know her own mind. Why could he not take her answer as final? “Do whatever you think best,” she replied. You usually do.

He stood and so did she.

“Good day, my lady,” he murmured, bowing in a rather perfunctory way.

“Good day, your grace,” she said as she sank into a deep curtsey.



* * *



“Well?” asked Lady Garbey, poking her head around the door as soon as the Duke had left.

Louisa looked up from her contemplation of the floor. “He asked me.”

Aunt Garbey clapped her hands together. “And?”

“He is to give me a month to consider my answer.”

Her aunt faltered in her jubilations. “A month to…? Do you mean you have not accepted him?”

“I have not,” agreed her niece.

“Why not?” asked her aunt, the corners of her mouth drooping in a way reminiscent of a fish.

“Because he is too old for me and I…I do not feel as I ought.”

There was a silence.

“Louisa,” began Lady Garbey in strongly disapproving tones, “he is a very fine man. I do not think you realise how fortunate you are to receive his attentions. You will not find better anywhere. And he is fond of you.”

Her niece glared at her. “Oh yes, he is fond of me…like a kitten he can pet. As long as I don’t dare to have an opinion, he is more than satisfied.”

“Now Louisa―”

“Sophie was to marry him, not me, and I do not see why I have to marry him when she did not.”

“Because your family expects it.”

“I won’t,” cried Louisa. “I have nothing in common with him at all. We speak of nothing but history because it’s all he cares about.”

“He is certainly very knowledgeable, but it is ridiculous to say that history is all he cares about.”

“It is all he cares about. You were not there last week at the museum. He spoke to me as if I were the very greenest schoolroom miss who had no knowledge of the world. I nearly bludgeoned him over the head with the Rosetta Stone.”

Lady Garbey could not help but smile at that. “Really, Louisa, you should not speak of his grace in such a disrespectful manner.”

“Then you marry him,” flashed her niece.

“Louisa…”

“No Aunt. I will not be persuaded to marry a man who will more than likely give me lessons in the schoolroom rather than…well, rather than make love to me.”

Lady Garbey gasped, her fish-like expression pronounced. “What do you know of making love?”

“At present, nothing, but that, ma’am and not history, is what I wish to learn from my husband.”

Her aunt clapped her hands over her ears. “I will not listen to such language. Where have you heard such things? Surely not in my house?”

“I may be an innocent, but I am not ignorant. And I wish that you and Malvern and Papa would stop treating me as if I am. I want more than a history tutor for my husband.”

There was a sharp silence.

“Well, if you are determined to refuse him,” said Lady Garbey, shifting her ample bosom disapprovingly with the crook of one arm.

“I am.”

“I do not know how my dear brother will take this news.”

“I think we both know exactly how Papa will take the news,” contradicted Louisa wryly.

“And how did Malvern take your refusal?”

“He didn’t.”

Lady Garbey blinked at her niece.

“Oh yes, I gave him an answer, but I am a young child, you know, and do not yet know my own mind,” replied Louisa, her eyes kindling once again at the memory. “I am to have a month to make up my poor simpleton’s mind.”

“Now Louisa, don’t fly into a miff…”

“I am not in a miff,” replied her niece, casting herself onto a chair and fingering the velvet on the arm of it.

“You are in a miff. You always start destroying my furniture when you are cross.”

Louisa stood up instead and walked to the window. She could see the Duke’s broad back retreating down the street.

“What has he done to deserve your anger this time?” demanded Lady Garbey. “Last week, the poor man only had to mention Edward the Confessor and you accused him of patronising you―”

“He was patronising me!”

“Louisa, do you not think you are overreacting?”

“He treats me like a child,” replied the young woman.

“You think he treats you like a child and therefore you look for it in everything he says to you. Even when he is just trying to find out what interests you.”

“He knows what interests me,” flashed her niece. “We have known each other since I was a child. He knows that I am a vain, silly girl; shopping, pretty gowns and a handsome man in a red coat are all I think about, are they not? Everyone knows me to be uninterested in anything of a serious nature. After all, I am nothing but a pretty widgeon to him―that’s what he called me and you needn’t deny he said it for you heard him with your own ears.”

“Are you ever going to forgive him for that remark?” demanded her ladyship, rolling her eyes. “You know that he didn’t mean it.”

“He did mean it,” insisted Louisa. “He believes it.”

“He said it in a moment of anger.”

“Anger?” repeated her niece. “Since when have you ever seen Malvern angry? He said it because he knew that it would upset me.”

Her ladyship cast her eyes to heaven for divine help. “Why are you so sensitive to a throw away remark that he made in the heat of an argument, when you know full well that you goaded him into it―?”

“Yes, I did!” agreed Louisa, reddening. “Because I wished to see him let go of his fine manners and his propriety. I wished to see him without that perfect façade he wears to keep the entire world, including me, at a safe distance.”

Lady Garbey gave up.

Heaven knows what would happen when her brother heard the news. Refuse the Duke of Malvern? Refuse The Nonpareil? Good Lord, she would end up in Bedlam.

She went away immediately to write to her brother. Maybe the Earl could talk some sense into his daughter.





Chapter 2




Lady Louisa tilted her head on one side the better to view the painting.

There was no getting away from it; the lady was, however one chose to view it, significantly under clothed.

The woman rendered beautifully in oils stared unapologetically out of the canvas as she lay upon her bed, the sheets pulled up just short of the height needed to cover her modesty. Two rosy and erect nipples stood proud of her creamy skin, her dark eyes invited the viewer to come nearer, and Louisa began to seriously regret asking the Duke to accompany her to the Royal Academy Exhibition.

Louisa’s arm was looped through his as they walked through the lofty gallery rooms together, and her conversation, which had been at that moment about a particularly beautiful sculpture she had seen the week before, halted mid-flow at the sight of the painting. She wondered why the exhibition room was so hot all of a sudden. She took out her fan and began vigorously wafting cool air at her overheated cheeks. Really, it was too bad of them. It felt as if a furnace had started pumping out heat from under the floor. She was burning up with it.

They stood before the painting, his grace looking as if he were trying not to smile.

“Good composition,” he commented after they had stood for a long moment in silence.

“Isn’t it?” she agreed, grateful for a subject of conversation―any subject.

“Marvellous brushwork.”

“Yes, indeed. The subtlety of colour is really quite remarkable.”

“A most lovingly taken portrait.”

“The artist has most certainly taken an interest in his subject,” Louisa said.

“I think we can safely assume a healthy interest, yes,” the Duke murmured.

Louisa was not altogether sure of her companion’s meaning and thought it wise to ignore his comment. “How I do wish I could paint and draw half so well! She must have been a very patient model to sit for such a time. Do you think the artist spent many hours in serious study, sir?”

“He spent many hours doing something, of that we can be sure,” returned his grace dryly.

“I do not understand you, your grace.”

“Hours of objective drawing, is what I meant,” he said, correcting himself hastily.

Louisa put a hand to her chin, thinking. “What do you think the painting represents?”

His grace, the Duke of Malvern, did a huge double take. Was she really asking him to explain the meaning behind an erotic painting? The Duke fervently hoped the lady’s question was rhetorical and that she wasn’t seriously expecting him to offer any other sort of explanation as to why the bare breasted young beauty was exposing herself so knowingly to her audience. A man of the world he might be, and no stranger to physical intimacy at that, but he would be damned if he would stand there and explain to an innocent young woman the finer points of lovemaking.

“Would you care for some refreshment, my lady? We could go to Günters’ for ices,” he said, in a vain attempt to steer the conversation to safer waters.

But his companion was having none of it and remained intent on the picture before them. “She looks at us so confidently, does she not? She is almost trying to send us a message.”

“Where is your aunt? I last saw her talking to her friend but I am not even sure she has come into this room yet.”

Lady Louisa turned her eyes upon him. “What’s wrong?”

“I beg your pardon?”

“Do you not wish to discuss art with me?”

“Of course,” he replied a trifle stiffly.

“Then why do you look as if you wish to run away? Do you not admire the painting?”

“It is…er…most stimulating.”

“Are you going to buy it?”

He blinked. “Buy it?”

“Yes. You were admiring the brushwork, were you not? And it is indeed a most arresting piece.”

The Duke ran a finger between his cravat and his neck. “Most arresting. And my mother would hang me from the nearest tree,” he muttered under his breath.

“You could hang it above the fireplace in the drawing room.”

“Or the bedroom of a brothel,” he murmured. “Isn’t that Dick Hawton over by the door? I haven’t seen him in Town for an age.”

“I wonder who she is,” mused her ladyship, her finger against her lips.

His grace cast his eyes towards the ceiling to ask for divine intervention.

“Shall we move on to the next piece?”

“Do you think she’s in love?” asked Louisa, still staring at the painting.

“In love?” he repeated.

“Yes.”

“Er, no…she’s cold.”

“Cold?”

“Yes…she’s just woken up and is extremely cold…it’s a warning to all young women to wear a nightshift to bed.” Then the Duke turned his face away and grimaced, ruefully thinking to himself that she was never going to swallow that explanation.

“Are you sure?” asked Louisa, wrinkling her nose. “I don’t think so.”

“Shall I offer her my coat?” he quipped. “I’m sure she would feel the benefit.”

“I should rather think she must be too hot rather than too cold. Why else would she wear her nightshift down so low?”

An infinitesimal pause greeted this question and the Duke was hard put to it not to smile. He turned away and murmured something that she didn’t quite catch.

She finally met his eyes. “I beg your pardon? You spoke so softly that I did not hear you.”

He cleared his throat. “I said I’d like to show you…the next room. And then we shall find your aunt and find some refreshment.”

“You are laughing at me.”

“Not at all.”

“You are. I can tell by your eyes.”

He smiled but returned no answer.

“It is a great deal too bad of you to tease me, your grace.”

“My apologies,” he replied clicking his heels together as he made her a bow. “You may punish me as you choose.”

She tapped a finger against her lips, her head on one side like a curious bird, thinking. “A forfeit? Oh I like that idea.”

“I thought you might,” he murmured. “Well then, what is it to be? Don’t, I beg of you, make me read Byron.”

She gasped as she took his proffered arm. “How can you talk so? Do you not know that half the women of my acquaintance are as much in love with his prose as they are with his person?”

The Duke pulled a face. “Including you?”

“But of course. I like romantic poetry as much as the next woman. After all, I am a pretty pea goose, am I not, my lord Duke?”

“I know that you like to think that I have that opinion of you,” he agreed as they paused to examine a marble sculpture, two lovers entwined under a tree, strategically draped material over their most intimate parts.

“Oh how beautiful!” she exclaimed.

“I do hope you are not going to ask me to explain the meaning behind this one.”

She giggled. “Oh, there is no need; I understand.”

“You do?” he said. “Then perhaps you’d best explain it to me instead.”

She blushed. “No.”

He laughed softly. “No? That is hardly charitable of you, now is it?” he complained. “When I struggled so helplessly to explain to you the meaning of that wretched painting and tied myself in knots trying to attempt it.”

“You know perfectly well what it means and you are just trying to push me to the blush.”

“Is it working?” he enquired, looking down with amusement at her averted profile.

“Am I the only person who finds these rooms intolerably hot?”

“How subtly she changes the subject,” he murmured.

“Now that is two forfeits, my lord Duke.”

“Two?” he protested. “You are cruel, my lady.”

“You deserve it for being so provoking,” she retorted.

“Was I being provoking? I was only expressing an interest in the sculpture. And indeed, I wondered at the capacity of material to cling so conveniently in certain places. Really, it quite defies gravity.”

She struggled to hide a smile. “I think it would be rather indecent without the material, sir.”

“In think it indecent with the material,” he replied.

“But rather material than fig leaves.”

“Yes, indeed. In my experience a fig leaf is quite inadequate. But they do seem to be made of equally miracle like stuff in its ability to stay put without the need of buttons and braces.”

She choked on a laugh. “I meant that the material is aesthetically more pleasing.”

“Oh, I see.”

“Malvern, will you stop?”

His lips twitched but he spread his hands in an expression of innocence. “What have I done?”

“Three forfeits,” she declared, taking his arm once again.

“Three? Oh dear.”

“You are quite disgraceful.”

“I know,” he agreed woefully. “I am quite ready to admit to it. I need a wife to tell me how to go on in the world.”

She blushed and looked away. “Where is my aunt?”

“Over there by the door. You can see that bonnet coming from a distance of twenty yards.”

She laughed. “It is horrid, is it not? I did try to hint that she might buy the other one instead, but she was insistent.”

“It does rather assault the eye.”

They stood in front of the sculpture, the form perfectly rendered and unblemished.

“What shall we do now?” Louisa asked, unconsciously reaching out a hand to touch the marble of the statue. The man’s perfect muscular back was cold under her fingertips and as smooth as glass. She marvelled at the skill needed to produce such perfect form. Her hand strayed along the curve of his back in a long, lingering caress and then fell away.

“My lord Duke?”

He blinked at her, tearing his gaze away from her hand.

“You seem distracted, sir.”

He swallowed. “Let us find your aunt. I feel an immediate need for ices.”



* * *



“I have made a momentous discovery,” remarked Lady Louisa some time later as they sat in the Duke’s barouche, eating sorbet outside Günters’ in Berkeley Square. She looked across at him with a coy, knowing smile, her face dappled with shade cast by the maple trees overhead.

“And what is that, my lady?” he enquired as he helped himself to a scoop of the punch water ice they shared between them.

“You have a fault, your grace. You are not the epitome of masculine perfection after all.”

The Duke pulled a face. “I did not think that I was. What a vain creature you must think me, to be sure.”

“Louisa!” cried Lady Garbey from the seat opposite, her mouth showing signs of the chocolate ice cream she had recently demolished. “Where are your manners, child?”

Her niece blushed. “Well, everyone says that he is―perfect, I mean―not vain.”

“Very well,” asked the Duke, “and what is this fault of mine?”

“Your singing. You are quite tone deaf, you know.”

“This from the lady whose dulcet tones inspires sparrows to hurl themselves from the trees and dogs to set up such a howling as to wake the dead,” he replied.

“Well said, your grace,” Lady Garbey chuckled.

Louisa smiled and arched a brow at him. “How un-gentlemanly of you to mention it. But we were not discussing me, we were discussing you.”

“And why are we discussing me?” he enquired.

“Because you, Malvern, need a wife,” she declared, blushing ever so slightly. “I am going to find you a suitable match, and I believe that the lady needs to be tone deaf for you to deal well with her.”

Lady Garbey gasped. The Duke stared hard at her for a moment and then looked away.

“And why do I need you to find me a wife?” he asked, the question directed at his next spoonful of sorbet.

“Because your sister will see you married to Miss Bedgerton and she sings like an angel. Your marriage would be doomed to failure within weeks. Besides, I could not bear to see you throw yourself away on such a haughty creature,” she replied.

Lady Garbey tried to catch her niece’s eye and failed miserably.

“My sister may arrange a match for me with whomsoever she chooses,” replied his grace, “but I am old enough to be able to make up my own mind.”

“But you haven’t looked about you. Your ties to my family have meant that you have not had the opportunity to find a lady who would make you happy. I know you very well, and I think I am better placed than Lady Jane to know what would suit.”

“I see,” said the Duke, suddenly losing interest in his water ice.

“I think we should make a list,” announced Louisa.

“A list?” squeaked Lady Garbey from behind her handkerchief, only imagining the wrath of Louisa’s father to this current turn of events. And she knew perfectly well who would get the blame for mismanaging the whole affair. A chit barely out of the schoolroom, to play matchmaker for one of the richest and most powerful men in the country? She really would end up in Bedlam.

“Yes,” continued Louisa, oblivious to her aunt’s disturbing thoughts. “We will write down a list of requirements and then we will find a lady to match them.”

A short silence greeted this pronouncement, her ladyship looking with some sympathy at the gentleman seated opposite.

“Well,” continued Louisa brightly, having achieved her aim of putting her own matrimonial hand fairly out of harm’s way, “I think she must be tall―”

“Louisa, have you finished with your glass? The waiter is coming to pick up the empty things,” said her aunt with a quelling look.

Louisa turned a magnificent smile upon the young man who had appeared by the side of their carriage. “Thank you.” The smitten waiter stared adoringly up at her, dropped his tray and had the mortification of chasing runaway glasses for several moments afterwards.

“You were saying, my lady?” asked the Duke, leaning back against the seat of his carriage.

“I’m not sure that I should say any more,” replied Louisa, encountering the bleak stare of her aunt.

“Oh, do pray continue,” encouraged Malvern with an airy wave of the hand. “I would know what manner of woman you think suitable for my wife. Tall, I think you said.”

“Let us talk of something else,” returned the young lady.

“Good natured,” continued the Duke. “I do not think that I could live with a woman who was given to fits of the sullens.”

“Why do you wish to talk about this? I was in the wrong to tease you on this subject.”

“I wish to know,” he said simply. “As you have said, we are very well acquainted, and I trust your opinion. I would like to know whom you would like me to marry.”

She blushed as she saw her aunt roll her eyes. “She must have a sense of humour.”

“Undoubtedly,” he agreed.

“And be kind and obliging and generous of heart.”

“Of course.”

“Perhaps she should be a little educated about the world and take an interest in history. She should be beautiful and with a decided air of fashion―I could not see you marry a dowd.”

“No, indeed not,” he murmured.

“I think she should be kind and affectionate. She should like you for yourself rather than your purse or your title. She must not be a scheming fortune hunter.”

“And I wish you the very best of luck in finding such a woman,” remarked her aunt dryly.

Malvern smiled faintly at that. “And who, Lady Louisa, would you pick from amongst our acquaintance as a suitable candidate?”

There was a silence. Aunt Garbey’s eyes met those of the gentleman in a long look loaded with meaning as Louisa put her head on one side and thought.

“Well,” said she at last. “I was thinking of my other sister. Emma.”

The Duke blinked. “I thought you said that I was to look about me outside your family?”

“I did, but now I come to think of it, she is perfect. She is closer to you in age than I am and is quite the cleverest of all of us. She is good and amiable―”

“And set to marry Charles, Lord Yarlett,” commented the Duke.

“That is my father’s wish for her and only think how he would prefer to have a Duke for Emma’s husband. You and she have known each other for years, you both have a keen interest in history and she is quite as amiable as you are.”

“I thank you for the compliment of metaphorically bestowing your sister’s hand upon me. She is a most excellent woman and one I hold in the very deepest regard. But even putting aside Lord Yarlett, there is one small problem.”

“And what problem is that?” asked Louisa, looking up into his face.

“I do not have even the remotest wish to kiss her. Drive on, Briggs!”

“Yes, your grace,” the man mumbled from his seat.

Louisa lurched back against the seat as the carriage moved forward, rather shocked to discover that the Duke of Malvern entertained such thoughts as wishing to kiss a female. This revelation inevitably brought with it the thought that he had proposed to her and therefore, did that mean that he had wished to kiss her? The colour flamed in her cheeks and she turned her face aside, pretending interest in the passing traffic until they reached home once more.



* * *



“She refused you?” repeated Jane, Lady Myall incredulously.

Her brother gave a rueful smile and popped a grape into his mouth. “It does happen, you know.”

“No, it doesn’t,” she retorted. “It never happens.”

The Duke stretched himself out full length on the chaise lounge, crossing his booted ankles, clasping his hands behind his head and staring at the ceiling. “She has set herself the task of finding me a wife.”

Jane dropped her jaw. “She’s what? She is going to find you a wife? She, a chit who’s barely been kissed?”

“She says that she understands precisely the sort of female who would suit me and has determined to find her; all I am sure, to let me know that she is irrevocably decided against me.”

“I see,” murmured his sister. “And who has she decided upon?”

“At the moment, her current favourite is her sister Emma.”

“Oh lord.”

“Quite.”

“I like Emma…” began Lady Myall.

“So do I, but I don’t wish to marry her. Despite the fact that she is intended for Lord Yarlett, despite the fact that I consider her more like a sister than a wife, more pertinently, Marcus most definitely has an interest in that quarter. How could I cut the poor fellow out? He is the best of good friends―I could not, in all consciousness do that to him.”

“No indeed. He has been hurt before; and by a friend too.”

“Exactly.”

“What do you plan to do?” she asked.

He shrugged, his eyes roving over the fruits and leaves of the plasterwork mouldings on the ceiling. “Nothing.”

“Nothing?”

“What can I do?” he retorted. “I cannot force Louisa to accept my hand.”

“No,” she conceded, “but you can turn your attentions to someone else.”

“To what aim?”

She blinked at him. “To gain a wife, silly. That is why one pays one’s attentions to a woman, is it not?”

“One of the reasons, yes,” he agreed, thoughtfully frowning into the middle distance.

Her ladyship set down her teacup. “What did you think that I meant?” she demanded. “Did you think I was suggesting that you make her jealous?”

He shrugged again. “I can think of worse strategies.”

“And whom are you proposing for such an endeavour?”

“Lady Emma Munsford.”

“Jasper, be serious for one moment, do. Are you really proposing to make Louisa jealous by paying your attentions to her sister?”

“Do you think it will work?” the Duke asked.

“I think it will make Marcus as mad as fire.”

“Yes,” he said slowly and then laughed.

“He will be as jealous as anything.”

“Then he might be forced into declaring his hand rather than looking on from the shadows. It is about time Marcus Ashworth put his house in order. He has procrastinated for too long. Do you know, Jane, this might well be the proverbial bird that kills two stones.”





Chapter 3




It was a magical evening.

Louisa’s face glowed with happiness as she surveyed the scene before her. Vauxhall Gardens surely must be one of the most delightful, romantic places in the world, she thought wistfully. People milled around in their finery, the champagne flowed, kisses were stolen in the darkened walkways and the air was scented with jasmine.

It was a week after the Duke had accompanied her to the Royal Academy and she had not seen him again in all that time. Truth be told, she was avoiding him. She had been out when he had come to take her out driving, ill when he had arranged a night for her and her aunt at the opera and deeply engaged in a conversation with another man when he had intended to ask her to dance at Almacks.

She thought back to the day they had gone to the exhibition and the erotic painting that had made her start vigorously fanning her cheeks. The fact that even that message failed to elicit a response in the man on her arm proved what she thought of him; he was amiable and kind but incapable of passion. She was hoping that standing before such a painting would inspire him to look at her in a different way; to see that she had curves too; to see her as a woman who desired a man to want her in the way the painter had obviously wanted his subject. But he had declared that the lady had been cold and teased her over fig leaves. She had wanted to scream.

The firework exploded across the night’s sky in a shower of yellow sparks as Nicholas Ashworth grabbed her hand and pulled her along one of the darkened alleyways. Lanterns were strung across the path, nodding gently in the warm summer breeze amongst the honeysuckle and roses. Laughter and music and the sounds of gaiety drifted upon the air, moths flew in tight spirals beneath the lamplights, as giddy as the fireworks popping above them.

She giggled as they ran to the end of the walkway, feet crunching on the gravel as they ducked under an archway. Here was another avenue, flanked by tall hedges with a small Rococo style folly at one end. The walk was bathed in moonlight and utterly deserted. It was quieter here, away from the party that Louisa had come with, away from the throng of people, the laughter, the chatter and the music. Even the fireworks seemed to be once removed from the perfect surroundings in which she found herself.

They slowed, laughing and he still held her hand, pulling her up the steps and inside the stone folly. The stone columns were almost blue in the moonlight and surrounded by white roses, their perfect blooms appearing as pale spirits from another world.

In the darkness they stared at each other, smiling.

“How did you know I was coming here this evening?” Louisa asked, coyly looking up at him through her lashes.

“Your aunt has a fondness for me,” he replied, his eyes warm as they rested upon her with undisguised admiration. “I wheedled the information out of her.”

“Shocking,” she said. “And how many other ladies do you meet in these walkways, Mr Ashworth?”

“My lady,” he answered, his hand to his breast as if affronted by her suggestion. “I am not sure what you mean.”

“I think you understand me very well,” she retorted. “You are the handsome Nicholas Ashworth. The darling of the Ton. I doubt I am the only female you have brought here.”

“No,” he conceded, “but you are by far the loveliest.”

Mr Nicholas Ashworth smiled his handsome smile and moved to brace a hand high against one of the pillars to trap her with his body. She neatly sidestepped him leaving him holding nothing but air.

“And do you say that to every lady you bring here, Mr Ashworth?”

He shook his head, smiling, his eyes heavy-lidded with a mixture of drink, desire and expectation. He slipped an arm around her waist and pulled her back against him. The lady gasped as he lifted a hand and allowed his fingertips to trail along the slender column of her throat, downwards over the swell of her collarbone towards the curve of her breast.

“You tease me, my lady,” he murmured in mock censure.

She raised a brow. “Do I? By asking you about your other ladies?”

“You and my other ladies all come out here with me because you all want the same thing.”

She smiled. “And what is that, sir?”

“To be made love to,” he whispered. His hand cupped her chin and gently lifted her face upward so that he might look into her eyes. His eyes slid to her lips and Louisa felt her heart skip with expectation. She was going to be kissed at last; properly, soundly, thoroughly kissed.

“You are so beautiful,” he breathed.

Stop talking, her mind screamed. I want to, you want to, just do it, please, before I lose my mind.

“Your lips are sweet and full and red.”

Lady Louisa rolled her eyes. Oh for God’s sake. Lord Byron he wasn’t.

“Please, Nicky.”

He smiled and lowered his mouth to hers and Louisa closed her eyes. His arms tightened around her and he tilted his head to deepen the kiss.

Barely a second later, two hands grabbed Nicholas by the scruff of the neck and lifted him bodily from the ground. He was flung headfirst down the steps of the folly and through the nearest hedge without any consideration for his dignity or his expensive attire. Dark green glossy leaves clawed at his face and he held out his hands to save himself as his momentum carried him through the shrubbery. He heard his beautiful coat rip at the shoulder and the knees of his spotless white satin breeches were besmirched with mud, the palms of his hands grazed and sore. He blinked, trying to ascertain what had happened and why he was face down in a flower bed with his rear end in the air.

Lady Louisa stared in disbelief at the man who had so effortlessly spun her free of Nicholas Ashworth’s attentions. She hardly recognised the gentleman before her who looked at her now with such cold disapproval. He was pale with anger, his eyes raking over her figure as if she were nothing but a common trollop. Where the amiable smile of former days? Where the gentle humour in his eyes? Where the special attention she had come to expect from him? Gone; scoured away until nothing at all remained of his habitual good humour, and what was left, was disagreeable in the extreme.

“What is the meaning of this?” demanded the Duke of Malvern.

Lady Louisa coloured despite herself. She had to force herself to look at him. She told herself that she did not care. She lifted her chin defiantly and met the cold stare of her noble suitor.

“The meaning of what, your grace?” she asked in an equally frigid tone.

“You know very well what. You are not with your party. How came you to leave your aunt’s care? Have you no thought to your reputation or mine for that matter?”

“Yours?” she asked. “How, pray, does this involve you?”

“Our names are bound together by the arrangement that exists between us,” he responded angrily. “You must know that your behaviour reflects upon me.”

The tone of his voice was so utterly disagreeable that it put her forcibly in mind of all the complaints she’d had against him in the last few months and the way that he treated her. Here he was again, sternly lecturing her as if she were a child. It would do him good to realise that he could not order her about as if she were one of his servants. It would do him good to realise that he had to fight for her attentions. Other men were interested; he was going to have to woo her if he wanted her for his wife. The Duke of Malvern needed to be taught a much needed lesson.

She stared at him haughtily. “I wished to escape the company of Mr Biggleswade who was becoming tiresomely attentive―”

“And so instead you come out here alone with one of the biggest flirts in all of London?” he demanded, the scowl on his brow so utterly alien to her, a look that she had never seen in him before and wished never to see again.

“Who I choose as my friends has nothing whatever to do with you,” she retorted, her eyes flashing.

“Indeed?” he enquired with a lift of one haughty brow. “And are you really so naïve, Louisa?”

She flushed with mortification.

“I had thought you a woman of sense,” he continued when she had made no answer. “I had thought you a woman of great intelligence. And this is how you repay my trust in you? Do you imagine that such behaviour shows maturity? Do you imagine that anyone will be impressed by such wanton disregard for propriety? If your intent was to show me how grown up you have become, then you have failed in your task. Only the greenest schoolroom miss would behave as you have done.”

Louisa’s face was swept by a tide of mortification. “To you I might be a schoolroom miss, but I am a woman and I desire the company of people who want more from me than to teach me my sums. I wish for―” she broke off abruptly.

“You wish for what?” he demanded.

“Nothing.”

He came forward slowly to stand before her, towering over her, his body blocking out the lights of the distant lanterns. He put a gentle hand beneath her chin and cupped it in his warm fingers. Her eyes rose to his face and her heart skipped a beat as she saw the full force of his anger in those usually placid brown eyes.

“Do you think that secret assignations with strange gentlemen will make people respect you? Do you think anyone will be impressed by this behaviour? Your aunt? Your father? Me? Do you think any one of us wants you see you ruined?”

“I don’t care what you think of me,” she declared.

“That I severely doubt,” he said coldly and released his hold on her chin.

She gasped. Of all the insufferably, arrogant―

“And how many other gentlemen have you kissed in the moonlight, unattended with nary a thought to your reputation?” he continued before she had time to voice her response. “You come out here alone with a strange man who is not a relative, not even one of your party, a man who, in short, is fast becoming the most disreputable louche in society.”

“I say, Malvern, steady on,” protested the young Mr Ashworth, fists clenched.

“Nicholas is not a stranger,” retorted Louisa furiously. “He is my most particular friend.”

“Indeed?” replied Malvern, more than a hint of a sneer on his lips as he looked at her as if she had crawled out from beneath his shoe. “You certainly appeared very friendly, I’ll agree.”

She flinched at the implication of his words. “How dare you?”

“You are insulting, my lord Duke!” said Nicholas.

“Marcus is not here to protect you now,” said the Duke savagely, glaring at the younger man, “and if I were you, I would lower those fists of yours before I give you the lesson your brother should have given you years ago.”

Nicholas stormed forward. “You may be my brother’s friend but that gives you no right to censure me.”

“On the contrary,” remarked his grace coldly. “I have every right. You have played fast and loose with my property.”

“Property?” repeated Louisa in outraged anger.

“She is not your property yet,” snarled Mr Ashworth.

“You are mistaken,” said the Duke. “The lady and I are engaged.”

Nicholas choked. Louisa gasped and had to clutch at the stone pillar in front of her for support.

The look of arrogance on his face shocked her. His words were spoken without care for her feelings or wishes. She had never thought to hear such language from him. And that he should dare to announce their engagement before she had given him her answer? That he should dare to try to force her hand? She was out of all patience with him and determined at that moment that nothing would make her ever accept him.

“If anyone has the right to meet Lady Louisa in private, it is me,” continued the Duke. “We are betrothed and have been for a week. And as her ladyship’s future husband, all her kisses, embraces and anything else you had in mind, Nicky, belong exclusively to me. And I am not willing to share.”

Louisa looked around for something to hit him with. She did not think she had ever been so angry.

Nicholas could contain his own anger no longer and surged forward with fists up. “Why you―!” he lunged, swinging one fist wildly at the Duke’s noble head. But that gentleman, being somewhat expert in the science of pugilism, blocked the blow with one arm and took him down with a right hook before Nicholas Ashworth knew what was happening. Malvern hardly moved, but the young man fell, clutching his jaw, and it was plain from the stars in his eyes that he did not know what day it was. Nicholas pulled his fingers away from his mouth and they were wet with blood.

The Duke stood over the younger, slighter built man, an expression of grim satisfaction on his face.

Louisa was so incensed by his demeanour that she struck Malvern on the jaw with one perfectly formed tight little fist.

The shock of the unexpected assault made him take a defensive step backward, which gave the lady no small degree of satisfaction. She was so furious that she swung at him again, but this time he was ready for her and caught her fist in one large hand. She deployed the other fist rapidly and he caught that hand too and pinned both her arms behind her so that she was, by default, in his arms.

“Let me go!” she cried.

His brown eyes bored into hers. “I demand to know what has occurred between you and that man.”

“Nothing,” she cried, struggling against the strength in his hands. He held her as if quelling a spoilt child and the sensation did nothing to mollify her temper.

“He was kissing you,” Malvern gritted out.

“Yes, he was, and I enjoyed it,” she declared, her eyes wild and passionate and staring up into his face with defiance.

“Take your hands off her!” snarled Mr Ashworth, staggering to his feet.

“Or what?” demanded the Duke, making no effort to release his hold on the lady.

“She’s my fiancée! And you have no right to touch her!”

The earth seemed to spin through one revolution in one second, and it might as well have done, for Louisa reeled with shock.

“Your fiancée?” repeated his grace in an awful voice.

“Yes! So get your filthy hands off her!”

“Is it true?” asked the Duke, his eyes swivelling to the lady.

Later, when Louisa had had time to consider, she would come to regret her answer. But at the moment the question was asked of her, the overriding need to teach him a lesson outweighed good sense and she declared that it was. “And I love him,” she added for good measure.

The effect was immediate and effective. Malvern released her abruptly.

Louisa happened to glance at Nicholas at that moment and he looked so shocked and mortified by her revelation that she nearly burst out laughing. Nearly.

Malvern glared down into her face for a long moment as if trying to ascertain that she meant what she had said, his eyes searching her face. Finally he spun on his heel without another word and walked away.

The newly betrothed couple stared at each other. Good God, what had they done?



* * *



Lady Louisa groaned and buried her face into her pillow. It was ten o’clock the following morning and she had a headache and Lady Garbey’s house was in uproar.

“Did you know anything of this, Louisa?” demanded her aunt. “You are close to your sister. Did she speak to you of her plans?”

“No Aunt. I knew that Emma did not love Lord Yarlett but―”

“He’s broken off the betrothal,” squeaked her ladyship, sniffing her smelling salts. “He’s told Emma that all is at an end. I had to hear it from Mrs Waterhouse who heard it from Lady Holland. I ask you! Such a piece of news happening right under my roof and I had to hear it from Lydia Waterhouse! I felt such a fool. And not to mention that your father will be in high dudgeon at such news. Oh what are we to do? Poor Emma. Poor foolish Emma. They had been betrothed for months. She’ll be ruined now, of course. No man will touch her. And your father will blame me and I cannot say as I had any inkling of what was in her head―”

“Dear Aunt,” said Louisa, emerging out from under her pillow. “Father cannot blame you. You were not to know. Indeed, I knew that Emmy wasn’t at all sure about Lord Yarlett―the stories about him say that he’s forever in debt. I cannot see that Papa will be so very disappointed.”

Her ladyship groaned from behind her handkerchief. “I will end up in Bedlam.”

“Poor Aunt. There now.”

“And now there is a note from Malvern saying that he cannot come today, and it’s all my fault,” sobbed Lady Garbey.

“Malvern?” repeated Louisa, faltering slightly.

“Yes, a message arrived from his secretary at Grosvenor Square. He says that his master has a business emergency today and regrets that he will not be able to escort you to the British Museum,” said Aunt Garbey from the edge of the bed, turning over the Duke’s missive in her gnarled hand.

Louisa snatched the message out of her aunt’s hand and read the scant few words with a sinking heart. “Oh.”

“I must say it is most unlike Malvern to cry off from any engagement,” continued her aunt, “particularly when it’s history and there is nothing he enjoys better than to walk around examining old relics. You saw him last evening, Louisa, was all well when you spoke to him?”

Louisa sat up abruptly spilling pillows to the floor. “Why does everyone automatically assume it was my fault?”

Lady Garbey gave her a blank look. “I was only enquiring as to why―”

“I am not Malvern’s keeper,” replied Louisa stiffly. “Who he sees or what he does is of no concern of mine. He does not seek my permission to go out of town on business and I’m sure we will do well enough without him.”

Lady Garbey blinked. “I see.”

“I didn’t want to go to the stupid museum anyway. I have been there many times before. And Malvern spends an age before each exhibit, staring at it as if he expects it to come to life at any moment until I wish to scream with boredom.”

“But you always used to enjoy it, my love. You were in raptures over the Elgin Marbles.”

“Please can we talk about something else? I am weary of this subject.”

“But it is so unlike him. I swear I have never met a more agreeable gentleman than Malvern. And so handsome too.”

“I may wear the white muslin with the lemon satin ribbons this evening,” declared Louisa with a note of steel in her voice. She reached for her cup of hot chocolate and sipped it.

“Indeed, my love, I think you should for it becomes you very well. I was only saying to Emmy that you have been looking a little peaky of late. A ball with some dancing is just what one needs to restore one’s spirits. And hopefully Malvern will be returned from his business and you will be able to arrange another day to go to the museum.”

“Oh hang the museum!” said Louisa, setting down her cup with some force.

“My dear…you have not argued with Malvern again, have you?” asked her aunt.

“No, I have not. And I do not see why everyone always thinks that it is me who―”

“But when I come to think of it, he walked right past our box at Vauxhall last evening without so much as a nod in our direction.”

“He probably didn’t see us. And I don’t care that he didn’t say goodbye and I don’t care that he was making up to Miss Watson and I especially don’t care that he has business today and cannot take me to look at mummified Egyptian cat dung or some such thing.”

Louisa flung aside her bedclothes and swung her feet down to the floor.

“Oh dear,” murmured Lady Garbey as she watched her niece flounce away to the washstand.



* * *



“You do not dance, my lady?”

Lady Emma Munsford turned her head and perceived the Duke of Malvern smiling down at her. They were attending the Carrs’ ball and she had already received the cut direct from several of her acquaintance.

“I am tired, your grace,” she said as she held out her hand to him. “Are sure you should be seen talking to me? Can you not see that I am a fallen woman?”

“How so?” replied he, kissing her hand briefly and taking the chair next to hers.

“Well, if not fallen, then I am certainly in the middle of an undignified stumble. My engagement with Lord Yarlett is at an end.”

“Ah,” replied the Duke.

“So you had heard.”

Malvern picked up her fan and began to play with it. “A mere hiccup, my lady. Best to ignore them; that’s what I do.”

“Having spurned Lord Yarlett, for it is my fault you know, even if I have done nothing to deserve the withdrawal of his suit. Am I allowed to own that I am relieved to be freed from the relationship? I am even quite happy.”

“If my opinion means anything to you, I think that you have had a lucky escape.”

Emma smiled. “Thank you. I hope so. Sadly, everyone else thinks me callous.”

“Let them say what they like, my lady. It has been a good many years since I cared what any of them thought about anything.”

“Well, it is certainly a pleasant surprise to see you here for I am quite without allies, you know. To think of the Duke of Malvern gracing us with his presence; how you will put the match-making mamas in a bustle. I did not know you attended such things.”

“Why I hope I am not so important as to spurn an evening of dancing with pretty females,” he replied smiling. “And the happy consequence of being a Duke is that I am never short of the society of those ready to toad eat me.”

“That is a rather lowering thought, sir.”

“Yes, isn’t it? How long do you stay in Town?”

“Until the end of the month,” said Emma. “But I have a feeling I may be sent packing sooner than that. I am a social pariah. I have been spurned by their precious Yarlett, and the ton is determined to punish me for it. Do you stay in town long yourself?”

“Until the end of the season. We ride in Hyde Park tomorrow morning. You ride well as I recall, do you not, ma’am?”

“Oh yes, when I can. But I am forbidden to ride as a consequence of my having a cold recently. It’s all ridiculous in my opinion, but my aunt, you know, is convinced I shall have some sort of setback and so I am to stay at home. Very dull, is it not?”

“Very,” he agreed, absently playing with her fan. He looked thoughtful as if weighing his words. “You know that Marcus would mount you if you were in need of a horse, don’t you?”

Lady Emma blushed faintly. “Oh I do not ride because I am need of a horse; I have my own horse here, you know. And I am grateful to you for your offer but I have no desire to be indebted to Mr Ashworth,” she replied stiffly. “Besides, I feel sure he would lend me the oldest, fattest horse in his stable and laugh himself into an apoplexy to see me thrown by it.”

He smiled and was silent for a moment. “I doubt he has any horseflesh such as you describe in his stables.”

“You are no doubt right. He’d rather see me break my neck on that black beast of his.”

“The black? God no. He’d never let you near her.”

She sighed. “Too true. How very dull. The cart horse then.”

Malvern smiled and shook his head, his eyes following his finger as he ran it over the ridges of her fan. “You know he would willingly walk through fire for you, don’t you?”

Emma found herself reddening, much to her annoyance. “Mr Ashworth? When he doesn’t speak a word to me that is not forced out of him? When he can be in my company for a whole afternoon and make it perfectly clear that he is bored rigid by my presence? No, your grace. I think that is highly unlikely; impossible in fact.”

“Impossible it may be, but true it certainly is.”

“Mr Marcus Ashworth is as cold as the north wind, sir,” she said frigidly.

“He…er…suffered a disappointment as a young man,” said Malvern. “And that makes him cautious.”

“I see. And does that give him an excuse to treat me as if I had developed the pustules of the plague?”

The Duke smiled. “He is embarrassed.”

Lady Emma allowed her eyes to stray across the room to the tall unfashionably dressed man, staring in abject boredom out of the window. “He would be a good deal happier if he danced and tried to enjoy himself. Come Malvern, we know each other well enough I hope, not to stand upon ceremony. Say what it is you wish to say. You wish to add your voice to those of my cousin and my uncle and persuade me into taking Mr Ashworth.”

“Not at all. I merely point out that Marcus is a good man.”

“Oh I’m sure he is a good man; a capital fellow, as my uncle would say; a bruising rider by all accounts, adept at cards, boxing, shooting and fishing. These may be good qualities in a gentlemen’s friend but they do not figure highly on the list of what a woman desires in a husband.”

“Perhaps not. But he has money, a family that can be traced back for hundreds of years and a large profitable estate. As well as a good figure, he is in possession of all his own hair and a modicum of good sense. He is considered a very eligible bachelor by every family in his neighbourhood except―” Malvern broke off.

“Except mine? That is what you were about to say, is it not? Well, I will speak plainly sir, since you will have it so. Much as I blush to admit it to you, my family will not countenance a match with Mr Ashworth, even if I were disposed to accept him and he was disposed to ask me. Father wishes for a title. Now that it seems that you and Louisa are at an end, you can count on it that next he will be hoping that you and I might make a match of it instead.”

“Save your blushes, my lady. I know very well what your father wishes for. But you will forgive me if I speak plainly now…but you don’t wish to marry me, do you?”

Emma blushed despite herself. “I…I like you very well…but I do not wish to marry you, sir. No more than you wish to marry me.”

“No,” he agreed, spreading open her fan again. “Which in some ways is a shame; for I think we would deal together tolerably well. Our temperaments are well suited, we both have a sense of humour, a respect and admiration for the other, and a similar outlook on the world…and yet, there is something missing.”

“Love,” she said quickly and without giving herself permission to voice her thought aloud. He gave her a curious glance and Emma regretted her unruly tongue.

“Yes…love. You have felt it, ma’am? I feel sure you must have done to speak so.”

She blushed and looked away. “I believe one may do very well without it. I know many couples who wed for convenience and seem to be happy enough. You will laugh at me, your grace, but I am a romantic. My parents married for love; and I wish, if I possibly can, to do the same.”

“Good for you. For myself, were I not the Duke of Malvern I might hold out for love too. But I am a Duke and it is my duty to marry and to marry well. My family had settled upon a young lady for me…your sister Sophie. But as she is now unavailable, they wished for me to marry your sister instead.”

“And now that has fallen through and you are to be encumbered with me instead.”

He smiled. “Not at all.”

“But you, sir? Who do you wish to marry?”

He paused a moment, turning the fan over in his fingers. “There is a young lady for whom I have the deepest regard.”

“And your choice is not suitable?”

“Oh she is very suitable.” He paused and sighed. “But she won’t have me. Marrying a Duke carries with it a burden of expectation and responsibility and I do not think that the young lady wishes for that. She is well born but wilful.”

“Who is the young lady, sir?”

Malvern gave her back her fan, his eye carefully falling on no particular female before he looked away. “You should take this before I break it.”

Emma mechanically took the fan from his hand. “Forgive me, I did not mean to pry.”

He smiled. “No matter.”

“Am I to make my sister jealous, Malvern?”

He looked at her with a rueful smile. “Is it that obvious?”

“Anyone who sees the way you look at her may know it.”

He looked away at the dance floor. “Shall we?”

She smiled brightly. “But of course, your grace. And I shall take your arm thus and look up at you adoringly―how’s that?”

“Perfect,” he replied smiling down into her eyes as he led her to the floor.



* * *



“Enjoy your dance?” muttered Mr Ashworth, throwing down his cards on the table in the card room later that evening.

Malvern smiled. “Losing again, Marcus?”

“Yes, damn you. But nothing to signify.”

“I notice that you did not stay long to watch the dancing,” observed the Duke, picking up his friend’s cards and shaking his head over such a bad hand.

“Why would I watch something in which I have no interest?”

“Because you might spy a lady with whom you wish to dance.”

“And why would I want to do that when I am perfectly bored out of my mind with this room and everyone in it?”

“Because you would have the opportunity of a woman’s undivided attention for half an hour―that’s why.”

Mr Ashworth grunted and picked up his meagre winnings. “Can we go now?”

“You haven’t yet asked anyone to dance.”

“How observant you are. And nor am I likely to.”

“Lady Emma is unattended and is suffering under the ignominy of Yarlett having broken off their betrothal. You might do the gallant thing and show the world that we care not for their opinion.”

“I think she is doing just fine without me,” replied his friend as the lady in question was led out into the dance.

“See? You are too slow. You might ask her for the next set instead.”

“And have her refuse me with great glee in front of everyone here? No, I thank you.”

The Duke all but rolled his eyes. “Very well then, if you won’t then I might.”

Mr Ashworth’s head snapped around. “Three dances, Jasper?”

His grace smiled. “I find her company very pleasant. And I am sure that you would too, if you were but to make yourself agreeable.”

“I am agreeable. Every other woman of my acquaintances is perfectly happy in my company. It is just the Lady Emma and her dreadful family who find me decidedly beneath their touch.”

“You imagine it.”

“Do I? Then why does the eldest sister look at me as if I were something she had trodden in?” demanded Mr Ashworth.

The Duke grinned. “Sophie always has been…how shall I phrase it―?”

“A snob?”

“A woman aware of her own status.”

“A snob,” confirmed Mr Ashworth. “Can we go now?”

“You may go. I, for one, am going to ask the winsome Lady Emma to dance.”

“Pray, when am I to wish you joy?”

Malvern raised one perfectly groomed eyebrow. “I beg your pardon?”

“Three dances with the same female, is what is known as putting your cards on the table. Expect Crowborough to come after you with a parson’s noose without delay.”

“Then you ask her.”

“Not I. Make sure you step on her toes at least once for me,” said his friend savagely. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”

The Duke sighed as he watched his friend leave the ballroom. He could not help but notice Lady Emma’s blue eyes following the tall figure of Mr Ashworth until he was out of sight.

Then his eyes slid to Lady Louisa. His amiable smile hardened as she hastily looked away.





Chapter 4




“Marcus, well met!” exclaimed Nicholas as he ran into his brother in St James’s the following afternoon. “This is famous―my, but what a brown study you are in! You walked right past me and did not even know me.”

Mr Marcus Ashworth raised his eyes from the pavement to his brother’s face and forced a smile to his lips. “Sorry Nick, I’m a little distracted.”

“A little? I should rather think that if Aphrodite herself were naked before you, you would have stepped over her and continued in your contemplation of the flagstones. Well, what brings you to London? You didn’t tell me you had business in town.”

“I don’t.”

“Oh…well, what the devil are you doing here then?”

“I have absolutely no idea.”

The younger man’s eyes narrowed. “Are you sure you’re alright, old boy? You look a little out of spirits. What you need is dinner. Are you engaged to dine this evening? Come to my lodgings. I have a capital cook. I thought about coming up to the house to see if a room might be had, but then it occurred to me you might not wish to be disturbed.”

“You may come and stay at the house any time that suits you, as I have told you on many occasions,” replied his brother.

“Come and dine with me,” said Nick impatiently, waving him aside. “I have found the best brandy I have tasted in a long while―almost as good as that bottle we had at Christmas. You never did tell me how you came by it; hot from the excise men, no doubt.”

He took his brother’s arm and led him back up St James’s Street in the direction of the younger man’s lodgings.

Some while later, his rooms were reached, the table was laid for dinner and the wine was poured. The gentlemen seated themselves before the cold unlit fireplace.

Mr Nicholas Ashworth kept up a run of conversation, telling his brother the latest stories, the gossip and the scrapes their young cousin had gotten himself into up at Oxford; none of these stories failed to raise more than the barest hint of a smile.

“The thing is…I’m in the devil of a coil,” said Nicholas, frowning into his wineglass.

Mr Ashworth looked up suddenly at that.

Nicholas regarded his brother with irritation. “Haven’t you been listening to a word I have said?”

“Of course I have.”

“You have been lost in your own thoughts since I saw you ambling along the street in no particular direction. If I asked you to name what you ordered for dinner I would imagine that you could not remember.”

Mr Ashworth coloured faintly. “I have a lot on my mind. So who is she?”

“Why do you automatically assume it is a woman?”

“Well, isn’t it?”

Nicholas sighed. “Well yes…”

“And?”

“She’s exquisite.”

“They always are at the beginning, before they start spending all your money―well, never mind,” observed his brother cynically. “So who is she?”

The younger Ashworth rolled his eyes. “I already told you. Her name is Louisa. What is wrong with you today?”

“Who the devil is Louisa?”

“You know her. She was at Henry Trent’s wedding, for God’s sake. Don’t you pay attention to anything?”

Mr Ashworth gave him a blank look. “Louisa who?”

“Munsford. Lady Sophie’s sister.”

“What?”

“Don’t bark at me! You did ask.”

“Hell and damnation. What the devil do you want to go and fall in love with her for?”

“I’m not in love,” replied Nicholas crossly.

“You fall in love once a month. I could set my watch by you.”

“Well not this time.”

“That’s what you said the last time,” muttered his brother. “Oh the devil fly away with you, Nick.”

Nicholas stiffened and adjusted the arrangement of his nicely fitting coat, with its large brass buttons. “I fail to see why the mention of Louisa Munsford should have you muttering into your burgundy.”

“Because her father is on the hunt for a title, that’s why. And another Mister Nobody, rich or not, ain’t going to appease him this time.”

“Speaking from experience, Marc?”

Mr Ashworth grunted into his wine.

Nicholas brought his finely shaped eyebrows together in a frown. “But I don’t want to marry her…at least not yet. Too young for marriage, you know, want to see a bit of the world first.”

Mr Ashworth gave him a blank stare. “Then I fail to see your problem.”

“I’m engaged to her,” blurted Nicholas.

There was a moment’s pause. Mr Ashworth shook his head as if trying to shake cobwebs from around his brain. “So if you don’t want to get married, and you’re not in love, why on earth did you offer for her?”

“I didn’t.”

Mr Ashworth blinked. “Either I have drunk too much or not enough. What are you talking about, Nick?”

“I am engaged to Louisa Munsford and only you and Malvern know about it and it had better stay that way or I’ll have the Earl on my back. And Malvern…well, I know he is your friend Marc, but really, I never thought him so rag-mannered.”

Mr Ashworth put up one dark brow in surprise. “Jasper? Ill-mannered? You are acquainted with the Duke of Malvern, are you not?”

“You don’t believe me.”

“Of course I do…I just think it sounds a little…unlikely, that’s all.”

The Duke was famed for his calm, his unflappable poise in any situation and his elegant manners. In all the years Mr Ashworth had known him, he had never seen him lose his famous tranquillity.

“Oh the devil take Malvern,” said Nicholas impatiently. “What am I to do about my engagement?”

“Forgive me if I am being dense, but how did you manage to get yourself engaged without asking the chit to marry you?”

“It’s a long story.”

“I thought it might be,” murmured Mr Ashworth.

Nicholas drained his glass and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “It arose from a moment of chivalry, Marcus. An emotion that I know you are unfamiliar with.”

“And how is hurling insults at me likely to win my assistance in this matter?” asked his brother with a raised brow.

“The lady was in a compromised situation,” said Nicholas, doing his level best to sound dignified. “I felt honour bound to come to the rescue.”

“What sort of compromised situation?” demanded Mr Ashworth with a frown. “Have you insulted the lady?”

Nicholas shook his head. “Oh Lord no, it wasn’t as bad as that! When I say compromised, it wasn’t anything that needed―oh devil take it, then I really would have to marry the chit! No, it was merely a compromising situation brought about by moonlight and champagne and roses and the admiration of a very pretty girl looking at me as if I were her hero.”

“Lord,” muttered Mr Ashworth reflectively. “There must have been a lot of champagne.”

“And,” continued Nicholas, glaring at his brother for his interruption, “that is as much detail as you will get out of me. The how or why is not important. What I want to know is: how do I get myself out of it? Louisa thinks we are betrothed.”

“Then you are.”

“But, confound it, you don’t wish me married at the age of two and twenty do you?” asked Nicholas aghast.

“Not in an ideal world, no. But as you have been foolish enough to offer her your hand, however gallantly it may have been intended, you cannot now withdraw it. There are laws about that, you know. Breach of promise.”

“Then I will go to India and make my fortune as you did.”

Mr Ashworth stared at him. “And abandon her? No you will not. I’ll not have our family name dragged through the mire in such a fashion.”

“Again. Our family name bears the stains of many generations of Ashworths dragging it through the mud. You included. Nothing I could possibly do could compete with the damage you have done over the years.”

Mr Ashworth compressed his lips. “The Earl of Crowborough is courting the Duke of Malvern for Louisa’s hand now that Sophie has married Trent. He will not take news of this engagement of yours lightly. Let us hope he manages to find a way to break it and does our dirty work for us. Us? What do I mean us? Why am I involving myself in this? I must be insane.”

“Because you are my brother and you promised you would help me.”

“Did I? How remiss of me.”

“Marcus, you said―”

“Yes, I know what I said,” snapped Mr Ashworth. “But you’re a damn fool, Nick. How could you be so utterly stupid? Did you not listen to anything I said to you last time? I warned you that if you were not careful you would be caught by some scheming female sooner or later. And I was right.”

“She’s not a scheming female,” replied Nicholas, bridling. “She’s an angel.”

“Then go and marry her.”

Nicholas swore under his breath. There was a silence as the servant came in and supervised the arrival of dinner. The food was arranged on the table and when they were once more alone, the two brothers moved with their wine from their chairs by the fire to sit at the table.

Mr Ashworth thoughtfully picked up a knife and began to carve.

“Look, the family will never agree to it. They’re as ambitious as they come. All the money in the world won’t mollify them. And if I know Crowborough, he will move heaven and earth to stop this match.”

“It’s not that I’m not fond of her, you understand, just that I’m not sure I want to be married…at least not yet.”

“Do yourself a favour, Nick, and cool it off. Let her see that she was mistaken in your feelings for her and she may call the whole thing off herself―if that’s what you want.”

“I don’t know what I want.”

Mr Ashworth laughed. “I think we all know what you want Nick, but what you have failed to grasp is that ladies of quality don’t give up the goods until they have your wedding band upon their finger.”

Nicholas flushed. “Well, she is the most delectable piece I ever saw…”

“Then I put it to you that there is more lust than love in any of this.”

Nicholas fired up at that. “That’s all you think I care about. Just because that is all you care about. Just because you were so embittered by your experience of love, does not mean that the rest of us feel the same way. And just because you fell for the wrong woman does not mean that I am foolish enough to do the same.”

There was a long silence. “Who says I fell for the wrong woman?”

Nicholas paused in the act of raising the glass to his lips. “Why you have said so any number of times.”

He frowned. “I have? When?”

“Are you telling me now that you don’t regret it? Do you honestly think she was the right woman for you?”

Mr Ashworth set a piece of beef on his brother’s plate. “I think she was made for me.”

“Well, I am frankly astonished. You vowed in front of half the membership of Whites never to offer for a woman again after what she did to you. How you can sit there and―”

“Who are you speaking of?” demanded his brother suddenly.

“Maria Dewksbury, as she was then, however many years ago it was when you made a cake of yourself…” Nicholas paused and frowned. “Who were you speaking of?”

“Never mind.”

“Who?”

“Nick, leave it.”

“Made for you? Isn’t that what you said?” Nicholas chuckled. “Oh Marcus, you got it bad. And I have a pretty strong notion as to who the young lady may be.”

Mr Ashworth frowned as he concentrated on carving another slice of beef. “If you want my advice you’ll give her the cold shoulder. Or better yet, find yourself a new flirt. Her pride will do the rest.”



* * *



In the breakfast parlour of Lady Garbey’s town house on the other side of London, Lady Louisa Munsford was happily demolishing plum cake and hot chocolate, watching her sister read a letter. “Is Papa so very angry with me?”

Emma forced a smile and set down the letter that had come from Haymarsh and their father. “Not with you, love. With me.”

“Because your engagement to Charles is off?”

“He blames me for it all. He says that I must have done something to upset Yarlett. He said that I started the rot when I refused Lord Allenby all those years ago, and I have encouraged both you and Sophie to marry against his wishes.”

“Oh dear.”

Emma sighed. “Yes.”

“Oh Emmy, what am I to do? I was so enjoying Vauxhall last week and then our aunt ruined it all for she said I was flirting with Mr Biggleswade, which I was not for I’m sure he’s a charming young man and such fun, but Lord, what a name! And never, I promise you, did I think of him in that way but…it wouldn’t have been so very bad if…if,” and here she stopped to blush carnation red, “…I had not gone off with Mr Ashworth.”

Emma stiffened at the dreamy way in which her adversary’s name was uttered. “Mr Ashworth?” she repeated blankly.

“Didn’t he look handsome?” demanded Louisa wistfully. “I’m sure I never saw a man with a better figure.”

A picture forced itself into Emma’s mind of the man in full evening dress and she did have to admit that his tall, broad shouldered frame set off any clothes to advantage, but handsome? Not even his own mother would have used that epithet.

Emma regarded her sister with disbelief. “Mr Ashworth?”

“Why yes, do you not think so? And such a gentleman. His manners so polished, his readiness to laugh and dance and sing and generally make himself agreeable.”

Emma blinked and stared. Mr Ashworth? He wouldn’t know good manners if they fell upon him. He hated dancing. And his singing? Good Lord, let him not inflict that upon any poor unfortunate audience.

She closed her eyes as if she had momentarily lost her mind. “Louisa, am I to understand that you have fallen in love with Mr Ashworth?”

“Oh yes!”

Emma felt a cold hand rearranging her stomach. “But he is…unsuitable.”

“Unsuitable? Why?” asked Louisa.

“Well, I grant you that he has a good figure and an attractive smile when he can be bothered to find anything droll enough to entertain him, that is. And he may be as rich as Croesus, but I do not think your personalities are at all compatible.”

Louisa stared at her sister as if she had developed a pair of sideburns. “Not Mr Ashworth silly, I mean, not your Mr Ashworth. I mean Mr Nicholas Ashworth.”

Emma stiffened. “He is not my Mr Ashworth,” she retorted coldly. She poured herself another cup of coffee but wished for brandy instead as her stomach plunged with the most disturbing sensation.

“Emmy, you silly thing. As if I could come between you two love birds. Never was there a couple so in love. Eliza King told me that you did not care for your Mr Ashworth above half, but I knew she was only jealous for she wanted him for herself.”

“I? In love with Marcus Ashworth?” exclaimed Emma, aghast. “Have you taken leave of your senses?”

“Are you not?”

“No!” choked Emma vehemently. “What in God’s name gave you that idea?”

“The fact that you can’t keep your eyes off him.”

Emma definitely needed brandy. She decided a change of subject would be timely. “And you are in love with Nicholas?” she asked. “Forgive me, but are you sure? Quite, quite sure?”

The dreamy expression in Louisa’s eyes faltered a little. “Of course I am sure. Emmy, don’t tell me that you doubt me too! Our aunt says I am too young to know my own heart. I had thought I could depend upon you to understand.”

“But my dear, you must know that Nicholas is a dreadful flirt. He pays very pretty compliments to be sure, and he is very amusing but―”

“You do doubt me,” cried Louisa.

“Does Papa know?” asked her sister.

Louisa pushed away her half eaten cake. “Oh Lord no, of course not. He will say that he will not put up with another of his daughters throwing themselves away for a mere Mister―and you know how he says it Emmy, with that look on his face, looking down his nose with the air that you’re such a disappointment to him.”

“None better than I,” Emma muttered with a short laugh, thinking of her parent’s reaction when she had refused Lord Allenby all those years ago.

“He proses on about all the money spent on my come out and the clothes he was forced to buy and on and on all leading up to the fact that Malvern is the only match he will countenance. For a Duke, you know, Malvern is perfectly charming besides being quite handsome and not at all puffed up with his position. I’m sure he would make any woman a creditable husband…but…but not me. Does that make me so very bad?”

Emma smiled. “No, dearest. I am very fond of Malvern, for a more sensible, gentleman-like man I have yet to meet. But I could not love him.”

Louisa flung a piece of mauled plum cake back onto her plate. “But what am I to do, Emmy? Papa wants a title. Sophie married a mere mister. You have broken off with Lord Yarlett. Papa says that I am his only hope of happiness.”

“And what has Nicholas to say about it?” asked Emma.

Louisa plucked a currant from her cake and nibbled it thoughtfully. “I haven’t seen him since Vauxhall.”

“I see.”

“He…he is a gentleman of means, Emmy.”

“To be sure he is,” her sister agreed, “but rather limited means, my love.”

“Yes, but I should not care a rush for that! Mama thinks all I crave is a new pretty bonnet and I shall be happy. But I want more than that. I want what she and Papa have. I should be happy living in a cottage somewhere if I could be with him.”

Emma, knowing her sister’s love of shopping, rather doubted this pronouncement but prudently kept her reservations to herself. “Is it agreed between you then?” she asked. “Are you engaged?”

“Oh yes! He asked me at Vauxhall, you know. Nicholas was in the box next to ours with his friends. We stole away into one of the walks, when the fireworks were going off. There was a stone arbour amongst the roses. It was a little early for roses, but it was very romantic just the same.” Louisa picked up a knife and began to ruthlessly stab the remains of her plumb cake with it. “But then Malvern came upon us,” she added darkly.

“Malvern?”

“Yes,” said Louisa, brutally stabbing a raisin, remembering. "Almost as if he had followed us from the box.”

“And?”

Louisa raised her eyes from her plate and threw down her knife. “Oh never mind that now. It has nothing to say to anything.”

“Doesn’t it?” Emma prompted, burning with curiosity.

“Oh the mortification!” cried Louisa, burying her head in her hands. “I don’t think I shall ever be able to look him in the face again. Which is why I must leave London. I cannot endure it!”

“Endure what, my love?”

“But oh you don’t know,” said Louisa in agonised tones, “you cannot know what happened! He was so very angry and…oh why can I never think of anything to say to the purpose until it is too late? I blush, I stammer and I make a fool of myself. I wish I were clever and witty like you Emma, you always know exactly what to say.”

“Me?” said her sister, taken aback.

“Why yes. You know just how to set one down.”

“Do I? What a very curious skill that is to be sure. I haven’t decided yet if you have paid me a compliment or not!”

“What am I to do, Emmy? I cannot face Malvern again; it is too humiliating. And I cannot go home for Papa will be so angry with me.”

“Then let us go to Devon.”

“To Foxhill?” asked Louisa, her face brightening at the thought.

“I will write directly to Uncle Ned.”

“Oh yes do! I would like it above all things.”

Emma then watched in some amusement as her sister took to stirring her hot chocolate, seemingly unaware that the cup was empty.





Chapter 5




The kitten was adorable; all grey fur with a white splodge on his nose, as if he had been caught drinking from a saucer of cream and the wind had changed and forever stained him.

He was mewling from the bough of the tree somewhere up above her, a plaintive sound that spoke to her maternal instincts. Louisa had been looking everywhere for him; his curiosity had already had him trapped under the floorboards in the kitchen of Foxhill Manor for a week. She spoke softly to him as she climbed, hampered by her skirts as she struggled to find a foothold on the trunk of the tree.

“Come little one,” she cooed as her head drew level with the kitten. His green eyes looked hopefully up at her and he meowed again, showing a very serviceable set of teeth, his paws neatly set together with his tail wrapped around them like a stole.

Louisa pulled herself a little higher; the rough bark scratched the soft white skin of her hands as she hauled herself up onto the branch beside the tiny cat. She pulled the creature into her lap and it meowed contentedly as she stroked his ears. They sat there a while in the cool shade of the tree, watching the parkland shimmer in the heat, the deer sleeping lazily in a distant lake of shadow, the cat happy to relinquish the knotty problem of how to get down from the tree into the hands of his companion.

She and her sister had been in Devon for a week, staying with their Uncle King and his daughter Eliza at their home at Foxhill Manor, a beautiful Tudor manor house set in small but delightful grounds. It was a favourite haunt of both girls and the good, amiable nature of their uncle and the friendly society of the neighbourhood made them often wish that Foxhill was their home rather than the larger, greyer building of their father’s seat at Haymarsh. Mr Marcus Ashworth’s home of Stoneacre was not three miles from Foxhill, which meant the owners of the two estates were firm friends and often in each other’s company. Mr Ashworth was often to be found at Foxhill even if his younger brother still preferred to reside in Town. Devon was, by Nicholas Ashworth’s standards, a trifle flat―excepting when the Lady Louisa came to visit.

“Well now, fair rescuer,” said a voice behind her. “And how do you propose to get your little friend there safely back to earth?”

“Nicholas!” she cried, jumping so violently that she almost toppled backwards off the branch. “You startled me! What on earth are you doing here?”

“Marcus has business at Stoneacre so I thought I’d come along and surprise you. Are you not pleased to see me?” asked he, grinning as he ducked under a branch of the tree and came to stand in front of her. “Is this not a nice surprise?”

She made no answer but turned her head away, blushing faintly. The kitten rubbed its soft cheek against Louisa’s hand.

“Louisa? Are you not pleased to see me?” he demanded again.

She shrugged.

His smile slipped a notch. “What? And is this the welcome I am to have? Have your forgotten me so soon?”

“I am always pleased to see any of my old London acquaintance.”

He leaned an arm against the tree trunk. “Any of your London acquaintance?”

She looked down at the kitten. “Yes.”

“Well, I had hoped for a warmer welcome than this, I must confess.” He folded his arms and leaned his shoulders against the tree. “Egad, I hoped I had a place somewhere in your heart. You have not missed me and I have come all this way just to see you.”

“Just to see me?”

“Well, there is the trifling matter of a tailor’s bill…but that doesn’t signify.”

It never does, thought Louisa, remembering a rumour she had heard about him but she said instead, “And your brother is to …er…stump up the ready?”

Nicholas looked a little irritated. “Well I…I have an allowance of my own, you know; Marcus is the trustee and never begrudges me so much as a groat; but never mind all that now. Am I to understand that all is at an end between us? I thought that we had come to an arrangement.”

“Did you?” she answered, smoothing the fur of the kitten.

He stiffened and his jaw tensed. “You have had a change of heart then?” he asked.

“My heart is true,” she replied quietly. “My heart does not bend with the wind.”

“Neither does mine.” He flung up his hands in exasperation. “I have been to your father’s estate and back to London to look for you. Are they the actions of a fickle heart?” he demanded.

“I don’t know what is in your heart,” she replied miserably. “You tell Malvern we are engaged and then I hear stories…”

“What stories?”

“Caroline Hinchcliff.”

“Who the devil is Caroline Hinchcliff?” Nicholas asked.

“You tell me.”

“Never heard of the chit.”

“You danced with her twice at the Almacks or so they say,” said Louisa, her eyes sparkling with tears.

“Did I? It seems unlikely, I don’t recognise the name…and twice is a bit particular, you know…blow me if I can remember…Hinchcliff…what did you say her first name was? Catherine? No, Caroline wasn’t it? Yes Caroline Hinchcliff. Oh I know whom you mean! Oh Lord, don’t tell me you’re bent out of shape over Caroline Hinchcliff? She’s Tom Hinchcliff’s widow! She’s only just put off her widow’s weeds. I knew Tom very well up at Oxford. Capital fellow, got his leg shot off in the war. Dreadful business. Bled to death on the battlefield, but enough of that! Almacks…yes, I wore my new evening coat. Dreadful squeeze. Almacks, you understand, not my new coat. I daresay I was the only friend she had in the room and so danced with her as a favour. You wouldn’t want me to be uncivil, would you? You wouldn’t have wanted me to ignore her? She was agreeable enough, reasonably pretty, I suppose, although not a beauty and a dreadful whinnying laugh like a horse.”

“She…she was your friend’s widow?” asked Louisa, unable to keep the hopeful note from her voice.

“Yes! I cannot believe you have been jealous of Caroline Hinchcliff. Louisa, you goose. As if I could have eyes for anyone but you.”

She coloured, feeling suddenly very foolish. How could she have let such a trifling rumour so overset her happiness? Did she not trust him?

“Is that why you left London so suddenly?” he demanded. “And without telling anyone where you were going? Do you not think that I, as your fiancée, might have been told?”

She hung her head. “I needed to be alone…to think…”

“What was there to think about?”

“You know…after what happened at Vauxhall…when Malvern found us,” she replied uncomfortably.

Nicholas flung away from the tree. “Malvern! I swear you care more for his good opinion than you do for mine.”

“That’s not true!”

“Then why did you look so mortified when I told him we were betrothed?” he demanded. “Are you so ashamed of me?”

“No, of course not! Nicky…you know I never could be.”

“Then why?”

“I…I…I don’t know. You took me by surprise, that’s all. I didn’t know how to answer.”

“Don’t you want to marry me?” he asked, looking as forlorn as the kitten in her lap.

“Of course I do, what a thing to ask your fiancée!”

“Well…just thought I’d be sure, in case you changed your mind. You haven’t, have you?”

“Nicky! How can you ask?”

He looked surprisingly gloomy at this declaration of devotion from his lover. “God, what a coil!” he said suddenly. “And only Malvern knows it beside you and I and Marcus of course―now don’t fly up into the boughs! Marcus won’t breathe a word to anyone. But I must say I wish it was out in the open instead of all this sneaking around behind everyone’s back. Then at least I would not have had to put up with Malvern’s cursed interference. He rang such a peal over my head, I can tell you! It was all I could do not to land him a facer. Prosing on and on like an old woman! And what right has he to tell me what to do? What business is it of his if you and I wish to meet in private? He is not your father and he certainly isn’t mine!”

“No indeed,” she agreed quietly.

“What was he so angry about anyway? What did we do that was so very bad? I have never seen him so furious in all my life! He was white with it. I thought it would carry him off and he’d keel over in the rose bushes at any moment.”

Louisa lowered her eyes to her lap and kept them there. “Perhaps…perhaps he’s very old fashioned in his views?”

Nicholas burst out laughing. “Malvern? Hardly! He’s not exactly lily white when it comes to associations with the fairer sex, you know.”

She raised wide, innocent eyes at that. “Isn’t he?”

“God, no! Did you never hear about―?” he broke off suddenly. “No, I don’t suppose you did. Well, never mind…it is not the subject for genteel young ladies.”

“No,” she agreed, now burning with curiosity.

“But if you hadn’t sworn me to silence I would have announced the whole in The Times and to hell with what your father says.”

“Oh, Nicky, no!”

“Yes, I tell you! He is going to know soon enough anyway, so why not tell him now? At least that would stop him trying to foist a match you don’t want upon you. And it might stop Malvern sniffing around you all the time.”

“He doesn’t,” she replied crossly. “Don’t say such vulgar things.”

“He does. The man cannot keep away. It’s disgusting. He’s old enough to be your father.”

Louisa’s eyes flashed. “He is not!”

“Nearly,” replied Nicholas bitingly. “Ten years older.”

“Then that is not old enough, is it?”

He laughed scornfully. “Right.”

She glared at him for a moment and then bizarrely, perhaps at the shocking thought of Malvern as a father at the tender age of ten, began to laugh.

He looked contritely up at her. “Oh Louisa, darling, don’t let us argue. I have missed you so…”

She sniffed. “Caroline Hinchcliff made me so unhappy.”

“Goose,” he said lovingly.

“Take the kitten, will you? I’m beginning to lose feeling in my legs. But do be careful, he does wriggle so.”

“Louisa? Am I forgiven?”

“Yes, but do take the kitten before he puts his claws through my skirts.”

He smiled and held out his hands. “Never fear, my lady, he shall be safe enough. Now if you will hand him down to me…can you reach down a little further? That’s the ticket. There. And as soon as he is out of your hands he jumps to the ground and all over my new coat. What an ungrateful little wretch he is! No, do not dig your claws in, you vile creature.”

“Oh he is not a vile creature, Nicholas; you cannot say that he is. Look at his face. Isn’t he adorable?”

The gentleman looked up at the lady, a smile on his lips. “Adorable…yes.”

Louisa looked away, blushing profusely.

“And how will you get down from that tree, my lady?” he asked softly.

“I shall climb down when you turn your back,” she replied, raising her chin.

“But I am not going to turn my back.”

“Ungallant of you sir!” she cried.

He laughed. “Is it?”

“Yes, for I shall be forced to stay up here all day and already my legs are numb.”

“Then it is just as well that I have a better notion. Ease yourself forward off the branch and I will lift you down.”

The thought of being caught in his arms brought the colour flooding into her face. “No sir. If you will be so kind as to turn your back for a moment, I shall jump down and then we will all be comfortable. It is not so very far after all.”

“Far enough to turn an ankle. Better to do it my way. Never fear, I shall catch you.”

“I do not doubt you, but what if someone was to see us?”

“No-one will see us,” he replied smiling. “What are you so afraid of?”

Louisa’s heart seemed to skip over itself. She remembered when Malvern had caught them at Vauxhall Gardens and her mouth went dry. But Malvern was not here. “Nothing,” she said.

“Then come down to me,” he said holding out his arms. “I promise I shan’t let you fall.”

Louisa looked around for a means of escape and saw none but the gentleman smiling gently up at her. The warm breeze tugged at his shirt, laying the material flat against the muscles of his arms, ruffling the hair on his head, pulling at the rose he had hooked through the top button-hole of his waistcoat.

“Louisa,” he said. “Will you not trust me?”

She looked down at him and saw a mixture of humour and entreaty and frank admiration in his gaze. Throwing caution to the wind she eased herself forward, the bark grazing the backs of her thighs as she slid off the branch. His hands grasped her waist and he lightly swung her down until her feet almost touched the ground. Almost. He held her a moment, her toes in mid air, her breast against his, her heart hammering so hard she thought that he must feel it through their clothes. Her gaze seemed caught in his. She could not free it no matter how hard she tried to pull it away.

“Louisa,” he whispered. “Have you any notion how beautiful you are?”

She blushed in riotous confusion. The kitten mewled from his nest in Mr Ashworth’s coat.

“The kitten, sir, I think he must be hungry.”

“I am sure he is,” Nicholas murmured.

“I should return him to his mother.”

“All in good time.”

“Your poor coat, sir, I fear it is ruined.”

“And yet, strangely I do not care. What else will you think of, I wonder, to stall the inevitable?”

“I think you should let me go, sir.”

“And why would I do a silly thing like that?”

“Because it is improper to hold me so.”

“Even though you like it?” he asked.

“What makes you think that I like it?” she returned loftily, her eyes almost meeting his.

“Because you are trembling. And I think that if I kissed you…”

She swallowed hard, her eyes shyly meeting his. “And are you going to kiss me?”

“I was going to kiss you the minute I saw you stuck up that tree,” he replied and did so. He kissed her gently and almost as soon pulled his mouth away and Louisa was prey to a stab of disappointment. His arms held her close then and he placed his chin atop her head. Perhaps he would kiss her properly once they were married. She sighed contentedly and laid her cheek against his shoulder.

“Whenever you are with me everything seems so simple,” she said into his cravat. “It is when I am alone that I begin to have doubts. I don’t mean to but I just can’t help it.”

“Doubts about what?”

“You. Me. Malvern. Everything.”

“Malvern?” Nicholas ejaculated, pulling away slightly. “What on earth has he to say to this?”

“A great deal,” she responded, laying her hands against his chest. “My whole family wants me to wed him. His family too. It is expected of me.”

“I don’t give a stuff for that…” he said crossly. “You don’t, do you?”

“I don’t know.”

He took her by the shoulders and looked intently into her face. “Do you love me, Louisa?”

“Oh yes! At least I think I do,” she added thoughtfully in less than flattering accents, “but Mama says I am too young to think of love affairs. She wants me to make a good match first and then says I am to have affairs when I am older.”

Nicholas shuddered visibly at the thought. “You shall not. I won’t let you.”

“But it wouldn’t be so very bad, I suppose. Malvern is quite a good match besides being rather handsome and such a kind, considerate man―”

“Malvern isn’t just a good match,” he said grimly. “He’s the best match. They don’t call him the Nonpareil for nothing. Short of Prinny himself, you could not do better for yourself. And what am I? A poor country bumpkin who has acquired nothing but a little town bronze.”

“Oh no, Nicholas, you are a gentleman.”

He flung away from her. “A gentleman.” He laughed scornfully. “How can I compete with him? I have no title, no estate; I do not even have my brother’s purse with which to bribe your father.”

“What are we to do?”

“What can we do?” he asked disconsolately. “There’s nothing for it, I shall have to go to India as my brother did to make my fortune.”

“India?” Louisa clapped her hands to her cheeks. “Oh no!”

“I daresay I shall be gone these ten years or more.”

“Ten years?” she whispered.

“It would not be so very bad. I should write often. Would you wait for me, love?”

She swallowed. “Ten years. But I shall be one and thirty and quite…quite an old maid. Oh I cannot even think it. Are you certain it would have to be ten years? Would five not suffice?”

“Seven at the earliest.” He laughed and took her into his arms once more. “There now, don’t look so forlorn, I am not going to India. I have little appetite for sweltering heat and none at all for business.”

Louisa was relieved. “What shall you do then?”

“I might work for the foreign office―I have a friend who might be able to put in a good word for me,” he suggested, contemplating a distant patch of daisies.

“To be sure I would like it if you were happy, but it does sound a trifle dull.”

“Well, yes, I own that is not precisely what I would like. But a second son, you know, has few options. I might become a curate…now don’t laugh. What pray is so funny about that?”

“You making sermons. Of all the most nonsensical notions,” she said, giggling.

He grinned. “Are you implying that I am so dissolute that I have no moral compass?” he asked, pretending to be offended.

“No, but you must own that it would be a trifle odd to have you prosing on to your parishioners about living a good Christian life while you were yourself gambling in to the small hours. I do not think you would make a very convincing curate, Nicky.”

“Well of all the shabby things to say! I am quite offended.”

She dimpled. “I think you would look just the thing in a red coat.”

His eyes shone. “Do you think so? Or the Hussars perhaps?”

“Very handsome.”

“I will speak to my brother directly, if you wish it. The uniform would certainly cut a dash… Although if I were to get posted abroad, which I very likely would be, I should be away from you a good deal. And then there is the unavoidable issue of getting shot at. And that, my love, is not agreeable at all. It would make a terrible mess of the uniform and me.”

They both fell silent for a moment, contemplating this gloomy picture.

“Well, we do not need to decide now. There is plenty of time. We shall be secretly betrothed in a very romantic way until I can figure out what is best to be done.”

“But we don’t have any time at all,” cried Louisa. “Malvern is coming tomorrow. And I can’t face him. I won’t!”

“Malvern? Here? Good God, what for?”

“Your brother invited him to stay with him at Stoneacre and he is to dine with us.”

Nicholas swore under his breath. “What in God’s name is Marcus playing at? He promised me―oh but never mind about that now. There is nothing for it; we shall have to run away together.”

Louisa laughed incredulously. “You are not serious?”

“Why not?”

“You want me to deliberately ruin myself? Papa would never forgive me.”

“What other choice do we have? Would you rather elope to Gretna Green?”

Louisa pulled away from him, paling at the thought. “Then I really would be ruined. I could not do that to my family. Pray don’t ask it of me.”

“Then I shall speak with my brother this minute. Meet me here tomorrow. Tell no-one and come alone.”

Louisa nodded as he kissed her swiftly on the lips and took himself off. She put her fingers to her mouth savouring the memory of his kiss.



* * *



Mr Ashworth was in shirtsleeves, engaged in dressing for dinner, when his brother sauntered into his bedchamber at his home at Stoneacre and threw himself down upon the bed.

“Where the devil have you been?” demanded Nicholas impatiently. “I’ve been looking all over for you.”

Mr Ashworth raised a brow, observed the young man in silence for a moment, and said, turning his attention back to his neckcloth, “It’s good to see you too.”

Nicholas missed the sarcasm. “I have something particular I wish to say to you.”

“Clearly. To what do we owe the honour? Have you been dunned out of London already?” asked the master of the house as his eyes lifted from the mirror, a flicker of warmth in the expression that rested fleetingly upon his brother.

Nicholas could not hide his irritation and scowled. “I am not here for money.”

“I didn’t suppose anything of the sort,” replied Mr Ashworth coolly, returning his attention to the matter at hand. “I am surprised to see you here, that’s all.”

“I thought you said I could stay whenever I wished it.”

“I did.”

“Well I wish it,” said Nicholas shortly.

Mr Ashworth bowed slightly. “Then you are welcome.”

Nicholas leaned back on the bed, propped up on his elbows, watching with vague disapproval as his brother negotiated the creation of a fold in his cravat with quick, impatient fingers. “Marcus wait, you can’t squash it all under your chin like that! Good Lord, it’s a travesty! And only one fold? Thank God the Beau cannot see you! He has quite twenty neckcloths at the ready in case he should make any mistake, you know.”

“More fool him,” muttered Mr Ashworth.

“What style are you copying anyway?”

“None,” replied his brother as he reached for his coat.

“None? But you must have been attempting some style or other, surely?”

“Er yes―it’s of my own creation. I call it The No-Nonsense.”

“You would!” retorted Nicholas, goaded. “But only one fold Marcus, it’s not at all the thing, you know―I can show you the Waterfall, I think you would look quite the gentleman―”

“Content yourself with the fact that I have dressed for dinner at all; that’s about as far as I go.”

“Who made your coat?” asked Nicholas, eyeing his brother as he shrugged his shoulders into it.

“Strauss.”

“Strauss?” repeated Nicholas, wrinkling his nose with distaste. “And who pray is he?”

“He trades in Netherby. He used to work in London before he had a difference of opinion over the setting of a sleeve or some such nonsense and set up shop not two hundred yards from The Boar. I think he has done a fine job.”

“A Mr Strauss of Netherby?” repeated his brother scandalised. “And to think I introduced you to Weston himself!”

“Yes and a pretty penny it would have cost me too. Mr Strauss has made me five new coats for a fraction of the cost. And I fancy that the fact you had to ask me who made it informs me you could not yourself tell the difference.”

“Well as to that, I noticed a slight difference in the cut and the finish is not quite up to standard, you know, one’s eye becomes attuned to it―” Nicholas broke off as he encountered the amused stare of his brother. “Oh rot you Marcus! You have enough blunt to float the Royal Navy and you choose Mr Strauss in Netherby to dress you?”

His brother smiled. “I know, trying is it not?”

“It’s obscene, that’s what it is. I am sure Lady Emma would like to see you rigged out in the first stare of fashion.”

Mr Ashworth pulled a face at that. “In primrose yellow pantaloons? I think she would laugh herself silly. And what’s more I shouldn’t blame her.”

Nicholas coloured faintly. “Those pantaloons are―”

“All the crack, yes I know Nick, thank you,” replied his brother with a weary smile. “You have told me so any number of times.”

There was a sniff. “Well I think Emma sees more than you think.”

The smiled became a little strained. “Lady Emma wouldn’t notice if I turned up for dinner wearing doublet and hose with a two foot log cod piece and a ruff around my neck. She pays little enough attention to me, I assure you.”

Nicholas shook his head, grinning. “Two foot long? I think anyone would notice that. But you are wrong, Marcus. She has an eye for a well turned out gentleman as much as any other female.”

“Well, we disagree upon this point. What brings you all the way down here? London too flat for you?”

Nicholas laughed. “Hardly.”

“In dire straits again, are we?”

“Why is it that whenever I come and see you, your first thought is that I am after a handout?”

“Because you usually are, dear boy,” replied Mr Ashworth.

“Well I’m not,” scowled his brother.

“Very well. So why then are you here?”

“To see you, of course.”

Mr Ashworth gave up on his cravat and stuffed the loose ends of it into his waistcoat. “I’m flattered.”

“Don’t be,” Nicholas said throwing himself back upon the pillows.

“Would you have the goodness to take your boots off my bed?”

“Sorry…you are dressing for dinner at home, Marcus? That’s a bit over the top, isn’t it?”

“I’m a reformed character,” replied Mr Ashworth reaching for his signet ring.

“Lord, what a thought.”

“Isn’t it?” agreed his brother, turning at last to see him. “So, are you going to tell me what brings you here? And in such a fit of the sullens?”

“Louisa tells me Malvern is to stay with you,” said Nicholas, not mincing matters.

There was a slight pause before Mr Ashworth answered. His grey eyes flickered for a moment thoughtfully over his brother’s figure. “He is. What of it?”

“She is not happy about it. Come to think of it, I ain’t happy about it either.”

Mr Ashworth tugged the sleeves of his shirt at his wrists. “With all due respect to the Lady Louisa and to you, Nicky, whomsoever I invite to my own home has nothing at all to do with either of you.”

“But you must understand, things are very awkward for her just now.”

“Are they? How so?”

Nicholas could not stop the colour that tinged his cheeks. “Damn it, you know Malvern…”

“Well, yes,” said his brother gently, “we have known each other since we were children. For God’s sake, Nick, come to the point! What is so awkward?”

Nicholas kicked at the rug on the floor at his feet. “You don’t understand…he…I mean, I…oh if you must have it, I kissed her! And I’m not ashamed of it either, so don’t think that you can make me! And if you’re wondering what the devil this had to do with Malvern, well I’ll tell you. He saw us.”

“Ah.”

“And the cursed fellow threw me through a hedge,” blurted Nicky, his eyes flashing with anger at the thought of it. His pride was still wounded and for all he had tried to brush it off, he still felt humiliated. “And you can wipe that smile off your face, Marc, it ain’t funny.”

“No, of course not. And did you deserve…ah…being thrown through a hedge?” asked Mr Ashworth, schooling his face into a neutral expression.

“No! Well…no, dash it, I didn’t. But it’s the hypocrisy of the thing! Don’t tell me Malvern has never kissed a girl before because I won’t believe it! And he came and found me at my lodgings the next day and read me such a lecture that he had no right to do. You Marc, yes, that I can stomach, but him? Telling me to stay away from her? I won’t put up with it!”

Mr Ashworth sat down on the edge of the dressing table and crossed his ankles, his hands resting on the edge by his hips. “But perhaps,” observed he softly, “Malvern was protecting his own.”

Nicholas’s head shot up. “His own? She’s promised to me―hang on, has she accepted him then?”

“My dear Nicky, how should I know?”

“Who else should know but you? You’ve been as thick as thieves with him since you were both knee-high to a grasshopper.”

“If I did know, and I am not by any means saying that I do, would you expect me to betray a friend’s confidence by blabbing all to you? Would you like me to treat you in such a fashion?”

Nicholas flushed faintly and dropped his gaze from his brother’s.

“No, I thought not,” said Mr Ashworth. “I merely offer an explanation for Malvern’s uncharacteristic show of temper, that’s all.”

“Louisa won’t have him, she is promised to me,” said Nicky.

“Then if she is promised to you, nothing Malvern can say will make any difference. But if Lady Louisa had led Jasper into thinking that she had accepted him…you see what I am thinking. I do not mean to imply that the lady has played fast and loose with anyone’s affections., merely that she is confused.”

Nicholas stood up abruptly. “I don’t understand you Marcus; you promised you would help me.”

“Aye and so I did.”

“Forgive me, but how is inviting my rival to stay helping?” demanded Nicholas.

Mr Ashworth smiled as he pocketed his snuffbox. “All will be revealed in the fullness of time. Shall we go down to dinner? I am famished.”

“But―”

“Have you changed your mind about this girl, Nicky? Do you wish to marry her?” Mr Ashworth demanded, stopping with one hand on the door handle but making no move to open it.

Nicholas looked rather taken aback. “Wish to marry her?”

“Yes. You appear to be more willing now than when we spoke of it before.”

“Of course I wish to marry her! Have you not been listening?”

Mr Ashworth sighed heavily and shook his head in exasperation. “I can’t keep up with you; one minute you are begging me to help you get out of the engagement and now you want me to help you to do what exactly? Persuade Crowborough into it, is that it? Well, I’ll tell you this, Nick, it had better be marriage. Louisa is not one of your Cyprians. Crowborough won’t stand for anything else, you know. Come to think of it, I won’t stand for anything else,” added Mr Ashworth reflectively. “Ashworths do not molest innocent females, for all our father did his best to break that rule. But I will not have Emma railing at me because she is upset by your dalliance with her sister. Do I make myself clear?”

“Oho! Big brother puts his foot down!” said Nicholas half annoyed, half laughing.

“Quite. Louisa is a gently bred female. She also happens to be related to one of the most disagreeable women of my acquaintance. You would do well not to press your attentions in that direction unless you mean to see them through. Or you will have me to answer to.”

Nicholas ran a finger around his collar as if it was too tight. “I mean to see them through.”

Mr Ashworth directed his penetrating stare at his brother for a moment, nodded and then smiled. “Come then, let us go down. Good Lord, how you can wear those ridiculous shirt points for any length of time beats me. I should more than likely have my own eye out with them.”





Chapter 6




“He’s here,” Louisa announced.

She was standing by the open window of the drawing room at Foxhill gazing out at the park and the hills beyond, her hands leaning on the sill, her blonde curls at her temples stirring in the breathless heat of the afternoon.

It was four o’clock and every window had been flung wide open to let in what cool air might be had. Sunlight streamed in between the curtains, illuminating the dust motes in a swirl of glitter and the fine sheen of sweat on Louisa’s brow; then it fell in a white hot wedge across the pale blue carpet. The parkland quivered with rising heat, the grass was dry and brown, the trees rustled in the warm breeze.

“Who is here?” enquired Emma as she set another crooked stitch in her embroidery.

“Good gracious, what magnificent horses!” cried Louisa, ignoring this. “And he’s driving himself and Mr Ashworth in his curricle with two of the most beautiful grey horses I have ever seen―and one, two, three, four, five…oh at least five capes on his greatcoat. How very elegant he is, Aunt.”

“Very.”

“Who’s here?” asked Emma again, having not received an answer to her question at the first time of asking.

“Malvern, silly, who else?”

“Oh…Malvern, yes,” said Emma absently. “I had quite forgotten he was coming.”

“Forgotten?” repeated Louisa scornfully turning around from the window. “Forgotten the Duke of Malvern?”

“Well we are not all fixated with the movements of the Duke as you are, my love, however agreeable he may be,” replied Emma with a faint smile.

“I am not fixated with him at all,” said Louisa loftily, turning back to the window again to press her forehead against the painted window frame. “And he is dressed in a smart blue coat with silver buttons and a very rakish hat and quite the glossiest pair of Hessian boots I have ever seen…one never sees Malvern looking shabby, does one? He always looks just the thing.”

“And that is why he requires three carriages for his baggage,” murmured Emma.

“Come away from the window, Louisa,” said Lady Garbey, turning a page of her book. “His grace will see you.”

“No he won’t, for I am hidden behind the curtain. Not that he is so very fashionable, not like Mr Nicholas Ashworth, nor so handsome, but he does have a certain air about him. Do you not think so Aunt?”

“Very elegant,” agreed her ladyship without looking up from her book.

“You do not appear to be very interested,” remarked her youngest niece reproachfully.

“I hope I am always interested in Malvern, for he is a very creditable young man,” said her ladyship, fixing her niece with a penetrating stare over the top of her book. “But as you and he are now not going to make a match of it, I don’t see why I should pay him any more or less attention than any other gentlemen of my acquaintance.”

“But he is a Duke, Aunt,” said Louisa.

“So he is.”

“And he has been excessively kind to us.”

“So he has,” agreed her ladyship, “and he has been very attentive to you, Louisa, although I am sure you do not deserve such notice from him.”

Her youngest niece turned back to the window in stony silence.

“Have you quite given it up then, ma’am?” Emma asked her aunt quietly.

Lady Garbey lowered her book. “Louisa has told me in no uncertain terms that she does not care for Malvern. I hope that I am not so unfeeling as to force her into a marriage she does not want.”

“And Papa?” asked Emma doubtfully, snipping the pink silk thread neatly at the back of her tambour frame.

“Your father is still coming around to my way of thinking.”

Emma smiled, pointed her needle safely through the canvas and set aside her embroidery. “You mean you are still persuading him that he should.”

“Precisely,” said her ladyship. “And if your sister can have such disregard for her own future, then I do not see why your Papa, Mama and I should send ourselves to an early grave worrying over it.”

“You needn’t talk about me as if I were not here. I am not deaf, you know,” said Louisa pointedly from the window.

“I won’t say anything behind your back that I am not prepared to say to your face,” said her ladyship. “You have taken Malvern in dislike without giving the poor man a chance. And in throwing away such an advantageous match, Louisa, I am afraid that I lose my interest. I wash my hands of you. As far as I am concerned, you may marry whom you wish, whether they be rich or poor, handsome or not. I care not.”

“I have not taken against Malvern…” Louisa said defensively, her colour mounting. “Indeed, I like him very well. It is just that I do not wish to be his wife.”

“This is old and tedious ground, Louisa. Do let us speak of something else.”

The young lady’s bosom heaved. “You care not whom I marry? Aren’t you going to tell me what is due my name, what I owe to my father? That is what you usually say.”

“I have said all that and more any number of times. For all the good it did me I should have held my breath,” replied Lady Garbey.

“And now that Malvern is not to be my husband you wish him at Jericho? Such fine treatment, Aunt! I say that he is lucky not to be associated with a family such as mine.”

“So do I say it, for he would be ill served to take you as his wife. I would not wish such unhappiness upon a man I like so well.”

Louisa gasped as if she had been slapped. “How can you speak to me so? You who married for love! You who waited for Uncle John for all those years. Yet you would have me enter a loveless marriage.”

“I would have you enter a marriage that would be the making of you. But you wish to throw it all away. And for what? A mere Mister Ashworth?”

Emma felt the colour rush into her cheeks; she put out her hands in a placating gesture that was lost upon the other two. “Aunt, Louisa…pray don’t―”

Louisa drew herself up to her full height. “The Ashworths may not be your idea of the perfect match but I can assure you, in these parts they are considered quite a catch.”

“To squire’s daughters and penniless widows, I am sure they may be,” muttered the Lady Garbey.

“Mr Ashworth is a gentleman,” Louisa flashed.

“A gentlemen? Oh yes, he’s a gentlemen. All the Mr Ashworths are gentlemen, every last one of them.” She broke off with a bitter laugh.

“Please Aunt,” whispered Emma.

“Their father was as handsome as they come and rich to boot. He stole the heart of every young female of my acquaintance; me included. Oh yes, you may well stare, but I too fell for a mister Ashworth. Much good did it do me.” Lady Garbey paused and flung her book down upon the settle beside her. “He all but ruined me. Do you think me happy to see you throw yourself away on William Ashworth’s son? Do you think I would not cry to see you ally yourself with such a man?”

“I must ask you to stop this,” said Emma, her face pale. “The gentlemen will be upon as at any moment.”

Their aunt folded her hands in her lap. “Ask his mother what married life was like with a Mr Ashworth if you don’t believe me.”

“Aunt, enough,” said Emma sharply, rising to her feet.

But the lady was too incensed to heed the pleas of her niece. “William Ashworth was a scoundrel and a rake and led his wife a merry dance. His sons are no doubt the same. Do you aspire to such a life?”

“How can you say such things?” cried Louisa. “Do you have no feelings at all?”

“I would not see you unhappy for all the world,” said her ladyship, her bosom heaving, her eyes crackling with anger. “Do you not see what Nicholas Ashworth is? Do you wish to end up married to a penniless younger son? The elder at least has Stoneacre but you will have nothing.”

“I don’t want anything,” said Louisa.

“No? And what will you live on? Where will you make your home? Do you expect your father to set you up with an establishment of your own? Well, I will tell you now, young lady, he cannot afford it.”

“I love him, something you seem to have forgotten!”

“Love! Why is it the young think they were the only generation ever to be in love?” cried Lady Garbey throwing up her hands.

“You laugh at my feelings. I never thought that you could be so cruel.”

“You do not know your own heart. You have been bewitched by a handsome face, that’s all. I am glad you have not taken Malvern for he is a good deal better off without someone so fickle.”

Louisa moved into the middle of the room, her bright blue eyes spitting fire. “I don’t want Malvern! He cannot feel love or emotion or passion. You may tell him that I have the headache for I do not wish to see him,” she declared hotly.

There was a silence, for the Duke of Malvern was standing in the open doorway, a tight smile pinned to his lips, his hands clasped behind his back, and a scowling Mr Ashworth at his side. Mr King stood smiling behind them, apparently oblivious to the awkward atmosphere. How much any of them had heard, Emma knew not. She could not raise her eyes from the carpet.

Louisa looked in confusion from her aunt to her sister and then spun around. Colour flew into her cheeks as she met the cool gaze of the Duke. Tears started in her eyes and she fled from the room.



* * *



Louisa dreaded the arrival of the gentlemen after dinner that evening. They lingered long over their port and cigars, and her nerves were torn to shreds waiting for them to appear. She was mid way through her third cup of coffee by the time they came in. She kept her eyes on her book as Malvern came close; he looked as if he might approach her and then appeared to change his mind. He settled himself eventually by her sister and was soon chatting away to her as he would a close confidante.

Louisa strained to catch every word he uttered, was jealous of every smile he gave Emma and wished that he might look at her just once. She felt such a cloud of dejection settle upon her that her book held no interest and the words before her swam and blurred together on the page.

He was ignoring her. He was punishing her. She had never thought that she would ever be in a situation as to lose his friendship; it had seemed impossible. And yet here it was.

And he really was the most agreeable man, she thought wistfully as she watched him through her lashes. So kind and gentle, she had never known him lose his temper in all the years that she had known him until that fateful night at Vauxhall Gardens.

She saw that he was elegantly dressed, that his coat fitted his shoulders to perfection, and that he had a dimple when he smiled on the left side of his face but not the right, that his dark hair shone under the candlelight and that he used his hands to express himself when talking. His hands were large and well shaped and masculine.

Why had she never noticed that before? She had seen him any number of times, and if anyone had asked her what his hands were like she would have stared at them blankly. But now here she was, observing that his hands were strong and gentle, and she wondered what it might feel like to be touched by them…

Her face flooded with a sudden rush of colour; what was she thinking of? Her mind traitorously conjured up the vision of her father’s stable hand and the milkmaid she had seen embracing in the stables. She remembered the sight of pale flesh and hastily torn off clothing, she remembered the haste with which she had left the scene, the image of Jem’s rounded buttocks going up and down forever branded in her memory. She began to feel hot.

Malvern was ten years her senior and he liked to visit ruins―yes, this was better! This was safer territory! He was too old for her, too tame and dull. He collected sculpture and went to art galleries and read dry dull books such as the one she was trying to read at that moment, just to impress him. No, she amended hastily, not to impress him, merely to improve herself. Nicholas, by contrast, was young and handsome and was never happier than when riding hell for leather across the fields, jumping fences and risking his neck in the pursuit of pleasure. Really, there could be no comparison for any romantically minded young woman.

Louisa shifted her gaze to Nicholas and by so doing missed the look that Malvern cast in her direction. Nicholas had informed her that he would stay away from her in company so as not to arouse suspicion. So the two secretly betrothed lovers sat in miserable silence as the occupants of the room chatted and laughed around them.

She sipped her coffee and her eyes fell to the floor and she floated off into a world of her own.

“You have dropped your book, my lady,” a voice said.

Louisa looked up suddenly and her heart knocked against her ribs as she saw the Duke smiling down at her, her book in one of the hands she had been admiring but only a moment ago.

“Oh…thank you,” she murmured, blushing.

“Is this seat taken?”

“N―no, your grace.”

“Would you mind if I joined you?”

She shook her head, and forced a smile, wondering why her heart felt as if it was trying to escape from her breast. He took the seat next to her and examined the cover of her book. “Jermyn’s History of the Reformation. I had no notion you were interested in the Reformation, my lady.”

She coloured faintly. “A little.”

“And have you made it beyond the introduction?” he asked smiling. “And that was not meant as a patronising comment I assure you, but merely as an observation on the book. I found it so intolerably dull that I gave up at page thirty.”

Louisa, who had manfully struggled to page thirty-two, gave out an almost audible sigh of relief. “Really?”

“Really. He’s a pompous bore,” he declared. “I shall have to lend you another much better one if you are interested?”

“Yes…thank you.”

“Then let us set aside Mr Jermyn and talk of something else.”

“How is your sister, Duke?” Louisa blurted and then bit her lip. Hardly a conversation designed to enthral a gentleman.

He paused. “She is well, I thank you. She was disappointed to learn that you had left town so suddenly, but I daresay she has written as much to you since.”

Louisa coloured up to the roots of her hair. “I―I was unwell and came here to stay with my uncle.”

“I am sorry to hear that you have been unwell. It must be an unhappy woman indeed who deserts London halfway through the season; such balls and parties and routs as there are, I wonder that you could bear to tear yourself away,” he observed gently.

Louisa, recalling the last time she had seen him at Vauxhall Gardens, with such an expression of reproachful anger on his face, hardly knew where to look. Surely he must have known that it was he who had precipitated her hasty fight from London? Was he teasing her? Or punishing her by reminding her of it? “I―I hope that your sister recovered from her influenza?” she stammered.

“Oh yes, quite recovered thank you. You know Jane, quite the stoutest of all of us. I am sure she will outlive us all. But she will be distraught to think that she had made you ill too. Especially as she had expressly gone out of her way not to give it to you.”

“Oh, but I did not have the influenza,” said Louisa quickly and then cursed her unruly tongue.

“No? But I thought you said that you had been unwell?”

She coloured once more. “Yes, but it was not influenza. It was a stomach upset illness…thing.”

His lips twitched but ever so slightly. “I see.”

“I had been in bed two weeks with it before we decided to visit my uncle here.”

“Well, I wonder that they should risk travelling with you all that distance if you were so very ill,” murmured the Duke.

“I was better by then.”

“Oh…but if you were better then why did you need to leave London at all?”

The coffee cup clattered against the saucer as she set it down.

“My dear Lady Louisa,” said he laughing softly. “Am I so very terrifying?”

She blushed scarlet. “No! Of course not.”

“You didn’t need to run all the way from London to be rid of me, you know.”

“How…how is your mother, your grace?” she stammered.

“Very subtle change of subject.”

“It was not a change of subject…and will you stop referring to that event which you must realise is uncomfortable for both of us,” said Louisa, her words hissing beneath her breath. “I believe we were discussing the health of your mother, your grace.”

“Were we? I thought we were discussing your very sudden departure from town, the timing of which I have to say was very curious.”

“If you have come here just to be odiously provoking I wish you will go away!”

He inclined his head in acquiescence but his eyes shone with amusement. “The Dowager Duchess is in very good health, I thank you. My brother John has just become a father for the first time and so is in tolerable health although a trifle tired. Richard is always to be found in the boxing ring so he is busy ruining everyone else’s health, and my father has been dead these ten years or more so I think we may safely say that his health is poor. My excellent uncle has the gout but has probably another twenty years left in him yet, my cousins I have not seen for many a year so I cannot report on the condition of their health, my aunt has a violent twitch and my dog has an unfortunate propensity to try and mount anything that comes in his way; trees, fence railings and my leg included. There, we may now summarily dispense with any further investigations into the health of my family.”

Louisa was obliged to turn her face away to stop herself from laughing.

“And now at least you are smiling,” he murmured. “I was very much afraid you were set on scowling at me across the room the entire evening.”

“I was not scowling,” she replied.

“No, indeed, you had probably an eyelash in your eye which made you squint so violently.”

“I was not squinting.”

“Or perhaps a raspberry seed stuck between your teeth?”

“My lord Duke, will you stop roasting me?”

“Then smile at me and tell me that I am forgiven,” he said softly, his eyes filled with earnest entreaty.

“There is nothing to forgive,” she all but whispered.

“It seems that I upset you and I assure you that I should not have done so for all the world―”

“Please let us speak of something else.”

“Louisa, please―”

“No,” she said in a sharper voice which drew the glances of others around the room. “No,” she said again in a calmer tone. “I don’t wish to speak of it.”

The Duke sat still for a moment and then stood up abruptly. “Very well, my lady. I will rid you of my presence which is so obviously causing you distress.” He bowed and moved away and Louisa felt the strongest urge to burst into tears.

“What did he want?” Nicholas asked suddenly at her elbow, offering his empty coffee cup to her to be refilled.

She jumped visibly. “Nothing.”

“It didn’t look like nothing to me. Was that fellow trying to make love to you?”

“Keep your voice down,” she hissed as she poured him another cup of coffee.

“I won’t put up with it, Louisa. He may be handy with his fists but I’m not scared of him.”

“Handy with his fists?” she repeated blankly.

“Aye, the most punishing left you ever saw.”

She stared at him.

“Boxing,” he explained with a slight roll of his eyes. “He’s not such a one as I would wish to meet in the ring, but I will if I have to. A lady’s honour and all that.”

“Does he box a great deal then?” she asked, diverted by this unexpected revelation.

“Does he box? Trust to a female to say that! He outboxes us all, excepting Marcus who can match him, but you wouldn’t want to get on the wrong side of him let me tell you. The last time he and Marcus had a set to, they each had black eyes the size of saucers. I lost a good deal of money on that match; I thought Marcus would take him in the third round. Not a bit of it. The Duke may be softly spoken, but he’s as hard and fast as they come.”

“Oh.”

“Are you going to hand me that coffee cup or shall I just stand here and whistle for it?”

Louisa blushed faintly and handed it to him.

“Your sister’s in a queer mood tonight, ain’t she?” Nicholas observed, watching Emma flirting outrageously with the Duke.

“I don’t know what you mean,” Louisa replied carefully.

“Don’t you? Well I ain’t the only one to notice it. Too much champagne if you ask me.”

“Well, I don’t.”

“Alright, don’t fly up onto your high ropes. I’m just saying, is all. She’s all over him, not that he’s complaining. Look at him, like a pig wallowing in mud.”

Louisa cast a look across the room at Malvern where he was standing by the fireplace with a cup and saucer in his hands, looking down at Emma with warm amusement as she reached up and straightened his cravat. Her hand lingered on his chest a moment before she withdrew it.

Louisa observed this all with mild disquiet. She did not need Nicholas to tell her that Emma was acting strangely; she knew her sister well enough to be able to see through the smiles and the laughter. Emma was playing a part. She exchanged looks with her aunt across the room; Lady Garbey was not deceived either.

“And look at my brother,” murmured Nicholas. “He looks as if she is ready to start spitting fire.” He chuckled into his coffee cup. “Lord did you ever see such a face? I fancy your precious Duke would be dead where he stands if looks could kill.”

Louisa’s gaze shifted from her sister to Mr Ashworth’s brooding countenance.

“To be sure he doesn’t look very happy,” she agreed.

“Oh, he always looks like that. Picnic tomorrow,” said Nicholas, breaking into her reverie.

“Sorry?”

“Marcus is arranging a picnic for us all under the old ash tree. Just an intimate gathering, just us Ashworths and Munsfords and the Kings. We shall eat strawberries on a blanket and cook ourselves under the sun.”

Lady Emma’s laugh tinkled across the room as the Duke whispered something in her ear. Marcus Ashworth set down his cup and walked out.





Chapter 7




The sun had lost its bite by late afternoon and the informal picnic laid out on the grass under the ash tree broke up. The servants were clearing away glasses and plates and the remains of their lunch as the party slowly meandered back to the house. Lady Garbey, Uncle Ned and Cousin Eliza were already walking some way ahead; Mr Ashworth, his brother and Emma followed a distance behind, leaving Malvern and Louisa to bring up the rear. Nicholas Ashworth turned to look around for her from time to time and Louisa sent an imploring look in his direction for rescue.

“May I carry that basket for you, my lady?” asked the Duke, watching Louisa pack her shawl into it, along with her embroidery, a book and her bonnet.

Louisa blushed as the Duke took the basket from her. She noticed his hands again, with their long fingers and neatly manicured nails. He smiled down at her in his calm, reassuring way and she tried to return it. “Thank you,” she said.

They walked on in silence for a few moments, the long fronds of grass whipping against their feet. A white cabbage butterfly flitted before Louisa and landed on her breast. She laughed and caught the precious creature in her hands. Its wings tickled against her skin. She let it go and watched it soar into the late afternoon sky and fly higher and higher until it was out of sight. The Duke watched her, his dark brown eyes seeking hers.

“I think I have offended you,” he observed quietly.

Louisa was startled and almost dropped her diary. She fleetingly met his gaze but her courage failed her. She looked away quickly with a nervous laugh. “Offend me? Why should you think that?”

“Louisa, I am not stupid…”

She coloured faintly. “I am a little tired, that’s all.”

There was a short silence while they walked on together.

“I hoped we are good enough friends by now that we could be plain with one another. I hope you will tell me if I have upset you.”

“You haven’t, your grace.”

He bowed. “You are kind, as always, but I think I have. I hope you will tell me how I can make amends?”

They came to the narrow wrought iron gate and negotiated it in silence, the Duke holding it open for her to pass through. She moved close to him then, ducking under his arm, the puffed sleeve of her gown brushing against his coat. She felt his eyes on her.

“Your Grace, I…”

“Jasper,” he corrected softly.

She shook her head. “It would not be proper to call you by that name, sir.”

“Wouldn’t it? Why not? It is my name.”

“It would imply that we were…that we had a…oh you know very well what I mean.”

“Yes, I suppose you are right…it would not be proper,” he agreed, his voice tinged with regret. “Such rules as we make for ourselves as a society. I wonder that we can abide to live by them. What harm is there in two people calling each other by their given names after all?”

“A great deal it seems.”

He sighed and offered her his arm. She did not take it.

“Louisa…” Malvern began, his voice low.

“Please…don’t.”

“You spurn my friendship now?”

“No…of course not.”

“Then why will you not take my arm?”

The softness and the hurt in his voice was nearly her undoing. She looked across the walled garden and saw the green coat of Nicholas Ashworth disappearing through the gate into the rose garden. She dropped her gaze away but not before Malvern saw the direction of her gaze.

“Ah…” he murmured.

“It is not what you think.”

“Isn’t it?” he asked, the smile twisting sourly on his lips.

“If my aunt were to see us together, she would inevitably draw the wrong conclusion and inform my father.”

“And what conclusion would that be?”

“That you and I…that you and I…had come to an agreement,” she stammered.

“And have we?” he asked softly.

“Oh don’t!” she cried, her hands at her cheeks.

“You raised the subject, my dear Lady Louisa. I was determined not to speak of it. But since you have raised the subject, I find I must ask: have thought any more on what I said to you last month?”

She turned her head away, her face red, her eyes filled with distress. She cast a look at Nicholas, pleading for him to come back and rescue her.

“I have the right to a proper answer,” he said quietly.

“I know,” she said with her back to him. “I know that you do. Indeed, I have kept you waiting too long for it and I am sorry. You have been patient and I have not been fair, your grace.”

“And your answer?”

There was a long silence.

“I think you quite the most agreeable gentleman of my acquaintance.”

“That is a damming start indeed to be thought only agreeable,” he said with a wry twist of his mouth. “I think I may safely guess the rest.”

“My answer is still no,” she whispered.

He nodded and turned his face away. “Very well.”

“I am sorry, Duke.”

“Don’t be.”

“My father will be very angry with me,” she said tearfully.

“Your father is the least of my worries. He will not know if we do not tell him, will he?”

“Are you…are you very angry with me?” she asked.

He smiled. “How could I be? Here, my handkerchief. There now, there is no reason to cry, is there?”

“You are so very nice to me,” she said, dabbing her eyes with his handkerchief.

“Nice? Am I?”

“I don’t deserve your kindness. I am very flattered by your offer, indeed I think you would make a very good husband; you are so very kind, and charming and obliging…” she replied, tears rolling down her cheeks.

“And nice,” he said grimacing.

“Well, yes…but you see that you are so very much older than me, and I am so innocent of the ways of the world, and you are so clever and experienced that I think you would very soon tire of me,” she confided naively. “I cannot sit still for five minutes together and I am sure I would quite wear you out. You will like to visit ruins and old churches when I had much rather go shopping. And I know you are very well educated and fond of books and I can only pronounce with any authority on the novels of Mrs Radcliffe or The Monk.”

He smiled, wincing a little at her frank confidences. “But I see my education is woefully incomplete!” he cried. “You shall have to lend these books to me.”

She looked up at him in wonder. “You surely do not wish to read them, do you sir? You are a man! They are not at all informative or educational and my father says if read too many of them, they will rot my brain.”

“Does he so?”

“You are laughing at me,” she said accusingly.

“I am in deadly earnest. Lend me these books and then we may compare them together. Which one shall I start with, do you think?”

“You are not serious.”

“Perfectly! What an intolerable bore I should be if I cannot enjoy a good novel!”

Louisa cast a look up into his eyes and saw that he was not teasing her; at least she didn’t think he was for his face was perfectly grave.

“Then you shall start with The Monk,” she declared, eyes shining.

“Capital! Will I be very afraid?”

“Oh yes. It is quite the most horrid book. But probably you don’t wish to really read it at all and are only saying so because you wish to oblige me.”

“Not at all. I very much wish to read a book that all society is reading. But I do wish that you would not cry, however. Please don’t cry, I think we may be friends, may we not?”

She smiled tremulously up at him. “Yes. If you please.”

“Shall we put the entire episode behind us? From this day forward we will forget our conversation in horrid Vauxhall Gardens ever happened. Neither of us shall mention it ever again and we shall go on like ever we did before.”

“Oh thank you. It would be so much better if we could be friends again.”

“Then let us shake on it. There. Now dry your eyes and give me that smile. That’s better!” he approved. “And I shall begin our new acquaintance by asking how you like Stoneacre? Is it gloomy enough for you?”

She laughed nervously and threw him a speaking look. “My sister calls it Bluebeard’s Castle.”

Malvern’s lips twitched. “Does she indeed?”

Louisa blushed. “Well only the house, you know, for it so terribly dark inside and all those pieces of armour, and bears and stuffed fearsome creatures with the staring eyes―but not―I mean, I didn’t mean to imply that she thinks Mr Ashworth is Bluebeard―I am sure he was never even married before and even if he was, I am certain that a man in this day and age would not get away with murdering women―not that Mr Ashworth would dream of such a thing―oh my wretched tongue!”

“No, don’t go and spoil it,” he replied, his eyes dancing. “I think that is a splendid description of him. I always did wonder what he kept in that study of his.”

“You are funning with me.”

He twinkled. “Just a little.”

“You won’t tell him, will you?” she said anxiously.

“You don’t wish me to?”

“No, if you please. I don’t wish to do anything that would―” She broke off in confusion. Louisa paused and looked at her hands. “I mean, they already argue all the time. I should not wish to give them further reason to stay at odds with each other. I…I think perhaps that things are not all that they seem between them.”

He inclined his head, smiling faintly. “I think you are very perceptive, my lady.”

“I used to think they loathed each other, for they are always sniping at each other, but since I have been staying here…I have noticed…a tension between them,” she said suddenly in a sudden rush of confidence. “The way he looks at her sometimes. I shouldn’t be speaking to you of such things, I know. You are his friend after all.”

“I am. But I hope I am also your friend and if you wish to confide in me, I hope you know that it will go no further.”

She bit her lip. “Thank you. It was a little strange, now I come to think of it―at least I thought it so. Emma flirted with you so outrageously at dinner last night that I couldn’t help but remark upon it. I was shocked. I have never seen her act so strangely. She was smiling and laughing the whole night long and yet her eyes looked as if she might have cried at any moment.”

“I think it was an act for Marc’s benefit.”

“I hardly knew how to answer when Mr Ashworth bid me goodnight.” Louisa bit her lip. “But Papa will never agree to a match between them.”

“No. But I have an idea that I might hatch a plan to bring them together.”

“Oh yes, that would be marvellous! And I shall help you. We shall be very clever and bring them together, despite my father’s objections.”

He smiled. “I think we may try, my lady.”

She threaded her free arm through his. “Then I shall be perfectly happy to stay, for you and I shall be a team. We shall ride to see Sophie tomorrow and see what she knows, for she has seen them any number of times―oh but I forget that you don’t like to ride do you, sir? We shall take the landau instead if you prefer, I am sure my uncle would not mind lending it to us, then you may truly comfortable see the ruins of the old abbey at a more sedate pace.”

“Thank you,” murmured his grace gravely.



* * *



“What am I doing in this Godforsaken place, Marcus? The bed you have given me has lumps, my bedchamber reeks of damp and now I have just been told by one of your neighbours that I am bookish and clever and as crusty as the ruins I like to frequent!”

Mr Ashworth laughed. “And who dared say such a thing?”

“The fair Lady Louisa. I apparently do not enjoy riding because I am far too old to keep my seat upon a horse; we are to go by landau instead at a sedate pace―for my comfort, you know, just in case too much excitement carries me off.”

His friend burst out laughing. “Poor Jasper!”

“Just so. Does Ned even own a landau? Oh, I suppose he kept one for Mrs King. And then to cap it all, she tells me that I am nice.”

“Nice?” ejaculated Mr Ashworth, pouring his friend a glass of wine. “You are a lot of things, Jasper, but I would never have described you as nice.”

“Nice; what a damming that word is, to be sure! I am kind and obliging and agreeable and a dull, dull dog…and your brother is handsome and dashing and exciting, devil take him.”

“Did she say that?” asked Mr Ashworth, handing him the glass of wine.

“She didn’t need to,” muttered the Duke. “I caught Nick making up to her at Vauxhall, damn his impudence.”

“He did mention something about it.”

His grace sipped his wine. “Did he though? I sent him off with a flea in his ear.”

“So I understand. Did you land him a facer?”

“Very likely. If he hadn’t been your brother…well, suffice it to say that I lost my famous unshakable calm.” The Duke lifted his wine up to the candlelight and watched the colours dance and refract. “I don’t think I have ever been so angry.”

“Do you want me to send him off?”

“To what purpose? Louisa will think you have done it at my behest and despise me all the more for it. We are to be friends, you know.” He ran a ragged hand through his hair and laughed bitterly. “Friends, Christ.”

“She’s infatuated, that’s all. She’s young. She does not know her own heart yet.”

“Except that she has resolutely set it against me,” replied Malvern with feeling.

“Nick don’t mean marriage. Louisa will find that out at some point.”

“Damn you, Marcus!”

“Me?” replied Mr Ashworth half laughing. “What have I done?”

“Your little brother is following in your footsteps, can’t you see that? He has become exactly what you were ten years ago. He’s never done one sensible day of work in his entire life. He dresses like a coxcomb, spends night after night gambling into the small hours, in which I might add, you seem to encourage him! He flirts outrageously with every young chit who finds herself catching his eye, makes her an object of his gallantry for three weeks until her mama expects an announcement in The Times at any moment and then diverts his attention when someone prettier comes along―and I know for a fact he has a mistress in Brook Street paid for at your expense! And all you do is laugh.”

Mr Ashworth smiled. “So much anger, my dear Jasper, it’s surely not good for your health. At your age you know…”

“This ain’t funny, Marcus.”

Mr Ashworth sighed. “No. Are you jealous because your old man kept you on a tighter leash? Or would you like me to pay for you to have a mistress in Brook Street?”

The Duke glared at him.

Mr Ashworth sobered. “What would you have me do, your grace?”

“Don’t give me that ‘your grace’ flummery. I won’t be toad-eaten by the likes of you. I’m being serious. Isn’t it time you reined him in?”

“It is not for me to do anything of the kind. He is a grown man and I am not his father,” said Mr Ashworth coolly, sipping his wine.

“You might as well be. You are all he has got.”

“He’s just blowing off steam, that’s all. Father’s death has been like a weight off his shoulders. He’ll come around.”

“And in the two years since the old man’s death, how much money has he blown?” demanded the Duke.

Mr Ashworth shifted uncomfortably in his chair. “I have no idea.”

“Poppycock. No idea how much money has gone out of your coffers? Come now, Marcus. I think I know you a little better than that. I suspect that you know very well that it runs into thousands.”

“You exaggerate.”

“Do I?”

“Nick is two and twenty. He is as young and foolish as ever you and I were at that age. And for the record, I do not shell out for him to keep his mistress in Brook Street. I give him an allowance; how he spends it is up to him.”

“It’s the same result.”

“Come, Jasper, would you deny a young man his chance to sow a few wild oats, before he gets himself shackled down?”

“Oho! And now a comment on the married state, methinks.”

“I meant the shackles of responsibility,” said Mr Ashworth acidly.

“Of course you did,” murmured the Duke.

“Jasper, go to the devil.”

The Duke laughed. “Well, I have said my piece. But don’t be surprised when he finds himself married to some fortune hunting harpy because he’s got her with child. Your problem, I am happy to say and not mine.”

“I thank you for your warning. But I say again that I will not step into my father’s shoes. Nick had twenty odd years of repression to suffer under that man and he does not now need it from me. He does not even have the consolation of inheriting the estates and Stoneacre as I do. He is young and enjoying life; I would not put him back in his cage for all the world.”

“Speaking from experience, Marc?”

Mr Ashworth was spared the necessity of answering him by the appearance of his butler. “Dinner is served, sir, your grace,” announced Hale from the door.

“Saved by the bell,” murmured the Duke.

“Thank you, Hale. We shall be there directly.” Mr Ashworth turned his attention back to his friend. “You have nothing to fear from Nick, you know. He thinks he’s in love for the moment but it will soon pass. In my experience, his undying love rarely lasts longer than a month. In three weeks he will have forgotten all about her.”

“He might well,” the Duke agreed, standing. “But she may not forget him so easily. Anyway, let us talk of something else. What plans have you for my entertainment tomorrow? More ritual humiliation at my expense?”

“We shall all play quoits tomorrow. Nick is hopeless at it and so am I. That will give you a chance to shine heroically,” said Mr Ashworth smiling.

“Great. A man wielding a quoit. She will scarce be able to keep her hands off me, will she?” the Duke muttered, tossing off the rest of his wine. “Will you stop laughing? Damn you Marcus, it’s not funny.”

“No, of course not,” said his friend still smiling.

“Are you sure that quoits isn’t a little too much excitement for a man of my advanced years? You wouldn’t want me keeling over dead in the middle of your green, now would you?”

“You may die on my green with my good wishes, as long as you don’t make a divot when you land.”

“Your concern touches me. But I won’t say where.”

“You can sit next to that Garbey woman at dinner. You are the golden prospective nephew-in-law and she much prefers your company to mine anyway. And if I have to spend another evening enduring her insolent questioning, I’ll drown her in the turtle soup.”

“I beg your pardon, old boy? A bit deaf…I can’t hear you without my ear trumpet.”

“You heard me perfectly well. Let us go in to dinner before my brother drinks all my sherry.”





Chapter 8




Louisa lay on her back on the warm flat rock, bathing in the warm afternoon sunshine and staring up at the ocean of blue sky above her. The trees around her reached up into the blue, the green leafy branches almost ensnaring the tiny cotton-bud white clouds as they scudded by. The waterfall rushed at her feet, the sound of churning, falling water whooshed in her ears. Her bare toes dangled over the edge of the rock, skimming the cool surface of the raging torrent.

She was clothed in nothing more than her chemise, as her sister was beside her. She and Emma had been swimming in the pool at the foot of the waterfall and had climbed up here to the top, out of the shadows into the full heat of the sun to dry off, their hair soaking wet and matted in great clumps, the white material of their shifts clinging wetly to their backs and indecently to the womanly curves of their figures.

Had their father seen them he would have been shocked; had anyone else seen them they might have been ruined. But Louisa and her sisters had thought of the waterfall as their own private space since they were children, and no-one ever seemed to go there but them. It was situated on the border between Mr Ashworth’s property and that of his neighbour, Mr Deverill, and it was disputed as to which estate owned it. Neither of the gentlemen ever seemed to go there and so the girls since they had been old enough to swim had often trespassed on a hot summer’s day to splash about in the pool.

“So then what happened?” Emma asked gently, plucking the damp material of her shift away from her breasts. “Did you dance with him?”

Louisa sighed from the rock beside her, tracing shapes in the clouds with one fingertip extended towards the sky. She let her hand fall back against her chest. “Yes, twice,” she replied, frowning at a bird hovering overhead. “Then he sent me flowers the next day, pink roses, but that doesn’t signify because every gentleman sends flowers after a ball.”

“Not every gentleman, my love. How intolerably vain that sounds.”

Louisa gave a gurgle of laughter. “I did not mean it quite like that. What I meant was that every gentleman I danced with at that ball sent me flowers so one cannot set any store by him sending me them too.”

“No, I suppose not. And then?”

“And then we met his sister Jane, Lady Myall, when we were out driving in Hyde Park. I have to confess that I have never liked her. She was so intolerably rude to me, Emmy, that it was all I could do not to lose my temper with her. Malvern looked rather mortified at her behaviour and apologised as we drove home. But then the following week I was shopping with Aunt Garbey and just as I was leaving the circulating library, who should I bump into but Lady Myall? It had started to rain and I had four books under my arm that were getting wet. So she offered me a lift home in her carriage; such a very fine carriage too. And she apologised. She confided to me that she was worried for her brother, worried that I might break his heart. Me, Emmy! As if I would deliberately do such a thing! As if I could do such a thing. As if Malvern ever would let himself go enough to fall for anyone.”

“He never loved Sophie, you know,” said Emma, turning her head on the flat rock to look at her sister’s profile. “They were only ever intended in the hearts of their fathers. There was nothing more between them than that. You cannot condemn him for deserting a match neither of them wanted.”

“Oh I know that!” said Louisa, plucking at a frond of grass. “And you needn’t think I am jealous, Emmy, for I am not.”

Her sister turned away to hide a smile. “Oh no, I wouldn’t think that.”

“But to be so coveted, merely for the name of one’s family is so very lowering.”

“How do you think he feels?” said Emma. “The poor man has been a target of every match-making mama since he turned eighteen.”

“Yes, but don’t you think he would prefer to marry for love?”

“I think he might well,” returned Emma, thinking of a conversation she had with him not so long ago. “But he knows what is due to his name and his family and is prepared to do his duty.”

“Duty! I am sick to death of it,” said Louisa with feeling.

“So are we all.”

“So he is to sacrifice his own happiness by marrying me,” retorted Louisa with spirit. “What a tiresome thing it must be to be so eligible. To be contrived to make pretty compliments to a girl just out of the schoolroom who was cutting her milk teeth when he was attending his first ball, just to acquire good breeding stock.”

“Louisa! You shock me,” said Emma, laughing. “And exactly how old do you imagine he is, for God’s sake?”

Louisa sat up abruptly and teased her long hair apart with her fingertips. “Too old for me.”

“Rubbish.”

“Nicholas says he is old enough to be my father.”

“Fathering babies at ten? Even Nicholas would have to own that that is unlikely.”

“He offered for me, you know,” said Louisa wistfully.

“Who, Nicholas? Yes, you told me.”

“No, not Nicholas, that was later―I meant Malvern.”

At last! Emma thought. Finally we get to the heart of the matter. “Did he though? You never mentioned it before.”

“Not long after my talk with Jane…he came to Grosvenor Square. We had been out riding and I was wearing my scarlet riding habit with the frogging up the front. I really must get it altered for I have lost weight and it sags around my waist but it so suits me that I am reluctant to give it up. I get so many compliments when I wear it―” She broke off, realising that her sister was staring at her in barely disguised irritation. She laughed. “Oh Emmy, you look like you are ready to murder me! I daresay you are waiting for the rest of the story. Where was I? Oh yes, he asked me before I’d barely had time to remove my hat. He said he was going into the country for a while and needed to put his affairs in order before he went. His affairs in order? I ask you! What sort of a beginning was that? He told me that the whole affair had gone on too long and that I should once and for all give him an answer. ‘Lady Louisa, would you do me the honour of accepting my hand in marriage.’ Just like that, he said it, Emmy, all stiff and starched as if his valet had pressed him along with his shirt points. Well it was all I could do not to laugh. It was very embarrassing. He just came out with it before I had realised what was happening.”

“And then?” asked Emma, breathless with anticipation.

“And then I ordered tea and he went away,” said Louisa airily.

“No, no, you can’t leave it hanging like that!” cried Emma, bursting with curiosity. “Tell me all! Did he say nothing more?”

“Not really. We talked of Mrs Henderson’s cake and then he left.”

“And is that all?”

“Yes,” said Louisa, reaching for an apple from their small picnic basket and biting into it.

“But did he not try and persuade you?”

“No. I came away with the impression that he didn’t much care if I accepted him or not.”

“Oh…” replied Emma, a frown between her brows. “But did he try and kiss you?”

Louisa burst out laughing. “Malvern? Lord, no!”

“Why is that so fantastical?”

“Because he is a gentleman through and through. I shouldn’t think he would let himself get…get so carried away. I have never seen him with as much as a hair out of place…well excepting at Vauxhall.”

“No,” said Emma slowly. “I suppose not. Although I didn’t have him down as a man who wouldn’t go after what he wanted. And what was your answer?”

“My answer?” Louisa asked, taking another bite of her apple.

“Yes. You haven’t told me.”

“Well, I didn’t precisely give him one at the time. I said I would give it some thought and rang for tea instead.”

“Oh, Louisa, you didn’t!”

“What is so very terrible about that? He said I might take as long as I needed to think it over. I must say I think it was excessively obliging of him.”

“Excessively,” agreed Emma, faintly.

“Which made his behaviour at Vauxhall all the more remarkable,” said Louisa, frowning at her half eaten apple. “It was so romantic. All the lights were twinkling and there were music and flowers, lanterns and fireworks. It was during the show that I contrived to slip away from the box from Mr Biggleswade who was becoming so tiresome in his attentions that I was out of all patience with him. Nicholas was waiting for me; we had not planned to meet but somehow we knew the other would be there. We ran down one of the pathways into an avenue that was so dark it was hard to see the path. And there was a stone arbour set at the end of the walk, surrounded by roses that were still in bud. He told me that I was beautiful and that he thought that he might be falling in love with me. Such a contrast, Emmy! Malvern was so stiff and formal in his declaration when he should have tried to woo me. I was seduced by the atmosphere and the words of a handsome man. So I let Nicholas kiss me. I know! I know I shouldn’t have let him and indeed I was just about to push him away when suddenly I was freed from his embrace and Nicholas was sent sprawling into the hedge. Then I saw who it was who had rescued me and I hardly recognised him. Malvern! He looked so stern and disapproving, his face…his eyes, usually so full of laughter were cold and hard. I have never seen him so utterly altered, so pale with anger. His eyes raked me over as if I were the veriest trollop…” Louisa paused and looked down at her hands. She took the remains of the apple and wrapped it in a napkin. “Oh Emmy, I felt so ashamed! I could hardly bear to look at him. Nicholas came back then, shaking himself off with fists raised. Malvern told Nicky to take a damper in such a voice as I had never heard from him. Then he turned back to me and was all starchy stiffness and propriety, just like Papa. He read me a lecture about going off unattended with strange gentlemen, and when I told him that Nicholas was not a strange gentleman at all and was in fact my most particular friend, he said, ‘Indeed?’ in the most odiously pompous way you ever heard, looking down his nose at me as if I were unfit to shine his boots―and then, what do you think, Emmy? Malvern announced that we were engaged! Nicholas choked and I nearly swooned with the shock of it―well I didn’t, but I felt like it! Malvern said that if anyone had the right to meet me in private, it was him and that we had been engaged for a week! How dared he? How dare he assume that I would accept him? Of all the stupid things to do, for all it did was put my back up. And of course then Nicholas swung at him, fists about his head. It all happened so fast and it was over before it had begun. Malvern barely moved but Nicholas went down clutching his jaw and I was so angry with Malvern that I hit him. He turned his eyes on me, and demanded to know if there was anything between Nicholas and me. And I could not answer because I was so confused. But Nicholas then announced that I was engaged to him! I was never more astonished in my life!”

“Heavens, what a tangle!”

“Yes! And then because I had been caught in a compromising position I said that yes, I was engaged to Nicholas and poor Nicky looked so shocked that I almost burst out laughing. So we ended up engaged without Nicholas having actually asked me!”

“And Malvern?”

“He spun on his heel and walked away.” Louisa looked down at her hands. “He was due to take me to the British Museum the next day but he sent word that he had business to attend to instead.”

“Oh,” said Emma, trying to digest all the information her sister had thrown at her.

“Emmy, I am so confused! Tell me what to do! When I am with Nicholas I am sure it is him I love and when I am with Malvern…I…I…”

“You…what?”

Louisa buried her face against her upraised knees. “I jump at the slightest touch of his hand, my legs turn to jelly when he smiles at me and I…oh―”

The sentence was torn from her mouth as an ear-splitting cry rent the air followed by an almighty splash. The sounds of more shouts and splashes came to them and the sisters exchanged startled glances as they crouched down against the rocks. On their bellies, they crawled to the edge and peered over into the gorge below.

Diving off a rock into the pool at the foot of the waterfall was a man, stark naked. He came up screaming with the cold, slicking his hair back from his head, the muscles of his shoulders bunching together. Another man swam into view, his arms forming perfect arcs as he glided through the water.

Louisa clapped a hand over her mouth to stop herself from laughing. “It’s Malvern,” she whispered watching the long muscular curve of his arms as he swam.

“And Mr Ashworth,” said Emma wryly, ducking down quickly as the man slicking back his dark hair looked up to where they were sitting and into the sun. “What are we to do? Our clothes are down there.”

“Then you’ll have to go down and get them,” whispered Louisa.

“Me? I’m not going down there dressed like this,” cried Emma, indicating the very visible outline of her breasts through her chemise.

“They are gentleman; they will turn their backs.”

“Of course they will,” agreed Emma sarcastically. “We all know that every man is likely to turn away at the sight of a half naked woman, don’t we? All those spyglasses trained at the bathing machines on Brighton seafront are purely there to watch the seagulls, aren’t they? You go down there. Malvern will much rather look at you than me anyway.”

“What? No! I will be ruined!”

“Then we’ll have to wait until they have gone.”

“We’ll be frozen to death by then. The sun is already disappearing behind that cliff.” And she shivered as if to prove the point.

“I don’t believe this,” cried Emma, flinging up her hands. “How long have we been coming here without seeing another soul?”

“Oh…” said Louisa, reddening, her eyes latching on to the sight of Malvern, standing waist deep in the pool, water dripping from his surprisingly well-formed torso. “I didn’t expect him to be so…to be so…beautiful. He’s like a Greek sculpture.” She gulped, blushed and was silent.

“Oh God,” said Emma with feeling, rolling her eyes.

“He is beautiful…you must own that he is, Emmy.”

“Spare me your impure thoughts, Lou, and concentrate on how we are to get our clothes back!”

“Where did we leave them?”

They peered over the edge again, their eyes scanning the delta of large flat rocks and rounded pebbles. “That rock down there. Just the other side of where their boots are, do you see? I can just make out the pink ribbon of your bonnet.”

“Oh it’s too far to make a run to it without being seen.”

“And what if they come out of the water…?”

Louisa swallowed on a laugh. “We will go down there together and call to them from behind that big rock at the bottom. It will shield us from their view. They will then bring our clothes to us.”

“They are stark naked!” said Emma, flushing at the thought.

“Then we will close our eyes until they are decent. Come on. You take the picnic basket and hold it in front of you.”

“It’s not big enough.”

Louisa choked on a laugh.

“Not that, the picnic basket!” said Emma in exasperation. “For God’s sake Louisa, get a grip on yourself.”

“What would Papa say if he could see us now?”

“Don’t even think it. Come on, follow me. Keep low and try to be as quiet as you can.”

The two girls crept slowly downwards, one rock at a time, sitting down where they could to keep out of sight. Emma kicked a stone that caused a miniature avalanche of pebbles and both of them froze, terrified lest they should be seen by the two men swimming in the pool below them. After what seemed like an age, they negotiated their way down to the big fat rock that marked the start of the upward path. Crouching behind it, Emma peered around the corner, saw one of the men had swam to the far side of the pool, almost behind the waterfall and she settled back against the rock. She looked at her sister, her eyes large with excitement.

“I think I can make a run for our clothes,” she said. “They are swimming around to the back.”

“Be quick then,” whispered Louisa.

In a trice she was gone and Louisa leaned her back thankfully against the cold side of the rock. It was then that she saw him.

The breath was driven from her lungs with shock. Standing directly in front of her was the Duke of Malvern, entirely naked and staring back at her in equal amazement. He hastily moved his hands to cover his modesty but not before Louisa had seen altogether too much for her peace of mind. He had come out of the lake, his hair was wet and slicked back from his forehead, the water had streamlined the hair on his chest into one dark vertical arrow that ran down the centre of his belly.

Louisa felt the colour flame in her cheeks and she rose to her feet, whirled around so fast that she caught her ankle in a hollow between two rocks and she fell, wincing with pain as her foot was twisted beneath her. She let out a cry of dismay, and the Duke, now wearing nothing more than a pair of hastily donned breeches, was coming after her. She hauled herself inelegantly on to a rounded rock and felt wave after wave of stabbing pain pulse through her foot.

“Louisa, are you alright?”

“Your grace, go away… you are not…decent. Come to think of it, I’m not decent either!” she said, wrapping her arms across her breasts.

“You’ve hurt yourself. Let me look…dammit woman, let me see.”

“It’s fine…really. I just stumbled, that’s all.”

He picked up her foot and gently pushed the hem of her chemise up above her knees. Louisa flushed and tried to pull it down again. He had one hand on her calf; she felt the cold wet touch of his fingers as if they were red hot.

“I’m fine…really,” she murmured.

“If you will permit me, my lady? I’m trying to see if it’s broken.”

“It’s not broken. I twisted it.”

She carefully arranged her gaze on a distant clump of trees as he examined her foot. He had gooseflesh on his upper arms and water droplets on the muscles of his chest. How did she know that? Had she been looking? She felt suddenly very hot, as if she were sitting inside a furnace. He was so close, his shoulders filled her vision and she had to concentrate very hard on her distant clump of trees.

“No, it’s not broken, at least I don’t think it is but you ought not to put any weight on it. Wait here while I get dressed,” he said, rising to his feet. “My horse is over there, I’ll give you a ride back to Foxhill.”

“And my clothes, sir? My sister has gone to fetch them from that rock over there.”

“Wait here,” he said curtly and strode back to the rock where his and Ashworth’s clothes were laid out. He picked up his coat and came back across the pebbles as if they were using stepping stones and handed it to her.

“You’re cold,” he said softly, his eyes drifting down the length of her damp chemise as she unfolded her arms to put his coat on.

She could not answer him. She knew that he’d gotten quite as good a look at her as she had of him. She shuddered, folding the material about her to shield herself from his gaze.

“I’ll…er…I’ll go and get dressed then,” he said without moving a muscle.

“I’ll go and find Emma.”

“You may not wish to do that at this precise moment in time. Marcus is just coming out of the water.”

“Oh…but what about Emma―?”

They must have heard the shriek three miles away in Netherby.

“I think she has just seen rather more than she bargained for,” said his grace with more than a hint of laughter in his voice.

“Well, don’t just stand there! Do something.”

He spread his hands, half laughing. “Like what? It’s not my fault.”

“Go and take him his clothes, for God’s sake. And while you’re at it, put yours on too.”

“Hark at you, miss, sitting there in nothing more than a shift, which I may tell you does not leave an awful lot to my imagination.”

Colour blistered her face and she tugged his coat closer around her. “Your imagination, sir, can do what it likes!”

“Oh it is. It is running riot, let me assure you,” he replied softly, his eyes warm with amusement and something else, something that made her heart skip a beat.

“Go!”

He turned away grinning, and Louisa struggled to keep the smile from her face.



* * *



Louisa picked up her bonnet and rammed it down over her hair.

She was dressed and decent and her eyes met the Duke’s fully for the first time since he had come out of the water completely naked. Her face burned every time her traitorous mind conjured up the image of his athletic body.

Malvern held his hat in his hands, staring down at it as he rotated it between his fingers. “My lady, allow me to apologise…for earlier, I mean. I had not intended…I mean…I would never have wished for you to have witnessed…such a shock for a young lady.”

Louisa’s unruly bottom lip began to wobble and she clamped her teeth down hard upon it.

“Indeed, I am quite overcome,” she said in an unsteady voice.

“I am mortified that you should have seen me so…so…”

“Exposed?” she managed, a handkerchief to her mouth.

“Er…yes. I…um…hope that I have not ruined the friendship that I have begun to hold so dear.”

Malvern stared at her, worrying that he had grievously offended her, now just when they had become such easy friends. He cursed himself and the rotten misfortune that persuaded him to suggest to Mr Ashworth that they go for a swim to cool off. He frowned, wondering how he would ever win back her respect, when to his surprise, he saw a twinkle of laughter in her eyes. He watched as she lost the battle with her control and burst out laughing.

“Why you little…” he said, grinning.

“Oh Malvern!” she cried, wiping her eyes. “Your face!”

“I should throttle you. I was worried!”

Louisa went off into another peal of giggles.

“Wretch,” he said, laughing himself. “I thought I had mortally wounded your sensibilities!”

“Oh you have. Can you not tell?”

“You are horrible. You see a man completely stark naked and all you can do is laugh at him. My pride will never recover.”

“Oh lord, I haven’t laughed so much since Emma got her head stuck between the railings at Grandmama’s house!”

“Thank you,” said the Duke, dryly.

“I wasn’t laughing at you. I was laughing at the situation.”

“You relieve me.”

“Dear sir, how could you think I would laugh at you? Indeed, you need not be so embarrassed. You saw me too, remember?”

“I do indeed remember. In fact I think it will be a long time before I forget it. But that was a very un-gentlemanly thing to say, and not at all the conversation for friends, and now you are blushing and I deserve that you should punish me for such a speech.”

She turned away, embarrassed. “I should, your grace.”

“I apologise then, if you wish me to,” he said, and then more seriously, a frown between his brows: “You were not…offended?”

“Not in the least,” she returned airily. “Now let us go out into the sunshine for it grows chilly.”

He followed her as she limped out from the shade of the trees and walked towards his horse, grazing by the fence.

“Wait there, I shall fetch my horse. I do not think you should try and walk on that ankle. It is already swollen.”

She grasped the branch of a nearby tree, standing on one leg to keep the weight off her sore foot.

The Duke brought his horse over to her and the animal nuzzled her arm.

“Oh, is she yours?” Louisa asked raising a hand to stroke the horse’s nose.

“No, I stole her.”

She threw him a laughing look.

“Yes, she is mine. Turn towards me and I will lift you up,” the Duke responded coming up beside her.

Louisa’s heart began to pound. Was he suggesting that she share the horse with him? Was he suggesting that she sit on his lap within the circle of his arms, her head against his shoulder? She tried not to imagine riding thus. She tried to tell herself that it was highly improper and that she did not want such intimacy with him, but to no avail. Her mind was running riot.

“But I don’t have a lady’s side-saddle,” she said softly.

“Do you need one?”

She stared at him. “Are you suggesting that I ride that saddle?” she demanded, blushing at the thought of spreading her legs wide over the horse’s back, her gown riding up around her hips.

“I might be,” he replied with a slow smile. “You must have ridden thus when you were a child.”

“Oh, yes, but…” She could not go on.

“I will set you down long before the house. No-one need know.”

Louisa felt her stomach plummet with disappointment. He was treating her as if she were a child! She bit her tongue to stop the angry retort that sprang to her lips. He thought he was giving her a high treat as he might have done to a small child. A ride on his horse. Was he to ask her if she wanted to play jackstraws next?

“But it is highly improper, your grace.”

“So is marching about the countryside without a stitch on. Come. I am not such a dull creature all the time, you know.”

She lowered her eyes. “I didn’t think you were, sir.”

He looked amused but let it pass and held out a hand to her. She did not take it.

“I am not used to riding that saddle sir,” she said. “I might fall.”

“Nonsense. Come, I will lift you.”

“Is there not another way for me to ride home?” she asked, blushing at her own brazenness.

He dropped the hand that had been extended in invitation, misreading her reluctance to take it for a rejection of him. He looped the reins of his horse around the branch of the tree and smiled into her uncertain eyes. “Don’t you trust me?” he asked.

“Of course.”

“Do you think I am such a poor judge of horseflesh that my mare will land you in the ditch?” he teased.

“I am sure that she won’t.”

“Perhaps you think a man of my advanced years should not be purchasing such a creature and risk over exciting himself in such a fashion. What did you recommend for me? A landau?”

She bit her lip to stop herself from laughing. “Did that offend you, Duke?”

“Offend me? No. It mortally wounded my pride. I am thirty two; not one hundred and thirty two.”

She laughed. “I apologise then. But Nicholas says you are too old for me,” she said.

“I know he does. He no doubt put the idea in your head that I am too old to ride a horse. And do you…do you think I am too old for other things too?” he asked softly.

“What things?” she countered, blushing.

He took a step forward and then another until he was less than six inches away from her. Her eyes met his. They held each other’s gaze in a long breathless moment that set her pulse racing.

“Chess?” he suggested after a long moment of exquisitely tense silence.

She laughed nervously, knowing full well that the noble game of chess was not the activity currently occupying both their minds. “Chess?”

“Very strenuous, you know,” he murmured. “Could sprain a thumb if one is not careful.”

“No,” she replied breathlessly, “I don’t think you too old for…chess.”

He reached out a hand and smoothed a wisp of hair away from her eyes. “Quite right,” he agreed.

She shivered but it was not from the cold.

He placed his hands upon her waist and in one smooth move lifted her high onto the back of his horse, his eyes never leaving hers. Her stomach flipped over as his hands held her aloft. She felt powerless and ridiculously alive as if every nerve in her body jumped at his touch.

“I am not going to ride home with that man,” said Lady Emma with a glare over her shoulder at Mr Ashworth who followed, looking mildly amused as he led his horse up to them. “I am not so lost to all propriety as to sit on the same horse as him, whatever he may think to the contrary.”

The spell was completely and utterly broken. Whatever magic had been in the air shattered like glass, and Louisa turned to hide her acute disappointment as Malvern walked away.





Chapter 9




Mrs Henry Trent, whose marital home was only a few miles from Foxhill, wrote to her mama with the news that Louisa was in the neighbourhood staying with their uncle and that the Duke of Malvern was often in attendance. They were getting on famously, declared Sophie, and she would not be at all surprised if her sister and the Duke did not make a match of it after all.

The arrival of her letter precipitated a need of Louisa’s father to oversee proceedings and it wasn’t long before the Earl and his Countess arrived uninvited to Foxhill to manage the situation to their own satisfaction.

However, within one hour of arriving at Mr King’s quiet country home, the peace of the beautiful Tudor manor house was seriously compromised.

“I will not!” cried Louisa, standing and flinging down her embroidery. “I will not marry him and you cannot make me!”

The Countess of Crowborough observed her daughter’s departure in long suffering silence. The door when it slammed caused a painting to shift on the wall, the gentleman and his wig now at an alarming angle.

Uncle Ned exchanged glances with his daughter. “More tea?” he asked in his soft voice.

Determined to catch Malvern in his noose before the Duke left for town again, the Earl had gone about the task in entirely the wrong manner. It was his view that Louisa was spoiled and all she needed was a firm hand.

“You are a fool, John,” Lady Crowborough said softly to her husband.

The Earl spread his hands. “What have I done?”

“All you will do is drive her into young Ashworth’s arms. Is that what you want?”

“Of course it isn’t. But you have seen her and Malvern together. They are getting along famously.”

“Yes,” replied her ladyship, pouring out another cup of tea. “And if you would just let things progress naturally, I think she would be very likely to have him. But she is like you and stubborn―now don’t fly up onto your high ropes, my love, you know that you are. When did you ever do anything that someone else ordered you to do?”

“This morning,” he replied promptly. “You told me specifically not to get marmalade on Ned’s newspaper because he particularly doesn’t like it. You ventured to drop me a hint and I was happy to obey.”

Mr King reddened and assured them that he did not mind such trifling matters as marmalade on his newspaper.

The Countess ignored this speech and sighed. “A hint, yes. Bludgeoning you with it would have met with a mulish determination to carry on as you were before.”

“So what would you have me do then? Let her throw herself away on that young buck who hasn’t two pennies to rub together?”

“Of course not. But I think that her affection for him, such as it is, will wear itself out before long. All we need do is wait.”

“She will marry Malvern!” he said, slamming his hand down upon the table. “It is the fondest wish of both her family and his.”

Lady Crowborough sighed, exchanged a meaningful glance with Eliza and gave up. She returned to her magazine, examining a fashion plate with some dismay. “Long sleeves are in fashion again.”

“How tedious,” agreed Miss Eliza King, nibbling a cake.

“Damn impudence!” rumbled his lordship. “That chit of a girl thinks she can run rings around me―”

“Primrose yellow too…do you think I would look well in yellow, my love? I did once have a gown that colour when I was expecting Sophie. I thought it became me rather well…”

“I’m fed up with being told what to do by the women in my house. Surrounded by ‘em! Four females are enough to drive any man to Bedlam.”

“Papa,” said Emma, coming into the room at that moment. “Whatever is the matter? I could hear you arguing the other side of the house!”

“Your sister!” responded the Earl wrathfully. “She’s still set against Malvern.”

Emma pulled out a chair and sat down at the table. “She’s just snubbed him. The poor man asked her to go out for a drive with him and she bit his nose off and told him that she never wanted to see him again.”

“Now see what you have done,” said Lady Crowborough, glaring at her husband.

“Don’t blame me. If your daughter is spoiled there is only one person to blame for it,” he responded, hacking through a lump of cake with his knife.

“Me, I suppose?” demanded the Countess, her bosom heaving. “And if Louisa ends up eloping with Nicholas Ashworth, I will know very well who is to blame!”

She flung down her magazine and stalked from the room.

The Earl watched her go, slightly chastened by the temper of his wife. “Devil take it, I’m in trouble again, Emmy.”

“Go and make up with her.”

“Which one?”

Emma laughed softly. “Mama, of course. I will speak to Louisa.”

He sighed and stood up, squaring his shoulders. “I only want what’s best for her. Do you really think she would marry young Ashworth just to flout me?”

“I hope not Papa. I don’t think she’s really in love with him.”

He digested this with foreboding. “God only knows what lurks inside the female mind. I saw Robert Marcham in London a couple of weeks ago. Handsome fellow, just came into another property, won it in a game of cards, so they say. Do you think Louisa would like him better than Malvern? I know an Earl is not as high as a Duke, and he is a hardened gamester, but he’s a capital fellow.”

“And makes Mr Nicholas Ashworth look like a choirboy,” said Emma uncharitably. “No, I do not think Louisa would prefer the Earl of Marcham. Papa, please do not mention it to Louisa. Or Mama for that matter. Unless of course you wish to spend the night sleeping in the stables.”



* * *



“Didn’t you hear me?” cried Louisa, snatching her elbow out of the Duke’s hand. “I said I never want to see you again!”

She flung away from him and opened the glass panelled door into the orangery. The scent of citrus assaulted her nostrils at once and the heat was stifling; very much like the rage within her.

“What have I done?” Malvern demanded following her, a frown between his brows.

The greenhouse was hot and humid even with one of the windows open, and the sun beat down upon them and the sky burned bright blue through the glass roof. Beds were arranged down each side filled with orange and lemon trees and a huge grape vine covered one wall. A white painted seat was set in the middle, but it was too hot to sit there today.

“What have you done?” she repeated, laughing wildly. “You have come here, that’s what you have done!”

He stiffened, the lines of his handsome mouth compressed, and seemed momentarily incapable of a reply.

“Papa thinks you have come here specifically to make me an offer.”

“Your papa thinks it or you think it?” he asked.

“All you have done by following me here is reawaken expectations in my father’s breast,” she replied. “If you had not come, he might have eventually given up the idea and I would not now be harangued from all sides.”

“How very distressing for you.”

“You announced to Nicholas that we were engaged,” she replied, ignoring this. “And because of you and your assumption that I would be so overcome by your wealth and position that I would jump at the chance to wed you, he felt he had to offer for me and now I am engaged to him…and…and I don’t wish to be! I don’t wish to be engaged to anyone,” she said, slicing at the fronds of a palm tree with the edge of her hand. “Papa says that I have to marry you. And I won’t. He cannot make me.”

The Duke stood stock still.

“Oh why did you come here?” she complained; sweat glistening across her brow, her chin, and the hollows of her collar bone. “You’ve ruined everything."

“I came because Marcus invited me,” he replied stiffly.

“And I just happened to be here?”

He looked surprised. “Yes, you happened to be here. You flatter yourself if you think I came here merely to see you.”

She stiffened. “Didn’t you?”

He shook his head in laughing disbelief. “Dear God, the attention you have excited at a few parties has gone to your head,” he said scathingly. “Just because you have all the fortune hunters and fops of London at your feet, don’t think to put me there also. You are not the only pretty girl of my acquaintance.”

She turned away to hide her face. “No indeed, you have hoards of pretty girls swooning at your feet, don’t you?” she retorted. “And you cannot stand it that I am not one of them.”

“This is laughable. What is the matter with you? What has happened to make you rip up at me like this?”

“You come here, following me from pillar to post around the country like some…some lap-dog, hoping that I will take pity on you and accept you,” she continued, swiping angrily at an overhanging orange blossom.

“Lap-dog?” he repeated furiously.

“Or are you hoping that I will finally give in to my father’s demands and that he will bludgeon me into accepting you? Well I can tell you now, I will not!”

The muscles in his jaw clenched tight with anger. “I do not need your father to fight my battles for me.”

“Then why else are you here? Nicholas says you are always sniffing round me.”

“I might have known he would have something to say on the matter,” the Duke snapped. “Do you have a thought in your head that was not put there by him?”

“How dare you? At least he doesn’t treat me as if it is his right to have me!” she flashed, her eyes sparkling with anger.

“Indeed? Have I not been brought up to expect that it is my right, that your family and mine would be allied by our marriage?” he asked, his voice icy with disdain.

“Yes, but that was my sister and she married Mr Trent. I am not my sister and not bound by those promises. You have no right to me.”

He stripped her bare with his eyes. “You speak as if you are something quite out of the common way, as if you are a great prize and I should count myself fortunate to be allowed to pay you my addresses! I am only a Duke after all! You value your own worth too highly, madam.”

She blushed, shamefaced. “And you value your worth too high. You speak of a marriage as if you can just pick a woman off a shelf. Two a penny are they, to a great man like you? You care not whom they are, as long as they are fit for breeding.”

He laughed scornfully. “You talk very freely of breeding, ma’am. I would have thought a twenty-year-old chit from the schoolroom would have shown a little more modesty.”

She flung up her hands. “Oh yes, modesty. Why not preach to me of duty as well? And respectability and virtue. You sound like my father. I might have known that you would preach something as dull as that. We cannot have a young lady who shows any emotion, can we? We cannot talk of love or feelings or passion. You are so stiff and starched I wonder if you have ever let yourself go. I’ll wager you even make love with your coat buttoned up.”

“What do you know about making love?” he asked, his eyes raking her up and down. “A schoolroom miss who’s barely been kissed? Don’t make me laugh.”

“I know more than you!”

“Indeed?” he replied frigidly. “I am sure your father would be very interested to hear it. I think the Earl of Crowborough would be mortified to learn that his daughter has already parted company with her virtue.”

She stared at him in confusion. “You mistake me. I was talking about feelings of the heart and love―things that you apparently think unimportant.”

“I am relieved to hear it!” he said. “There is a good deal of difference between feeling love and making love I assure you. You do yourself no favours in speaking about things which you do not understand.”

“I do understand. I am not a child.”

He laughed scornfully. “No, you’re not a child…not much…if I made love to you right now you’d run a mile.”

“Would I? How do you know I would?”

He appeared momentarily lost for words.

“Do I shock you?” she taunted. “Are your aristocratic sensibilities offended?”

“Hardly,” he replied. “It would take a good deal more than that I assure you.”

“So speaks the man of experience. For you have a hundred years more experience than I, don’t you? You are a man of the world who has loved many women and I am just a child; you had better confine me to the nursery where I belong. Which makes a match between us more than ridiculous, it makes it sordid. Everyone thinks you are old enough to be my father.”

“Thank you for that!” he replied caustically.

“Well, you are! And you treat me as if you are my father,” she cried. “You ask me to take a ride on your horse and go out for a drive with you as if it’s a high treat. I wonder that you don’t buy me dolls and hoops and offer to show me my sums too. You look upon me as your niece or your daughter when all I want from you―”

She broke off in confusion, blushing profusely.

“All you want from me is what?” he demanded, scowling.

“Nothing,” she said in a small voice, playing with the ribbons on her gown.

“Tell me.”

“I shouldn’t have said anything.”

“Well you did, so come on, tell me. All you want from me is what?”

“Is…is…oh hang it all…is to be kissed!” she said, her voice shaking with passion. She moved away to the other door which had been opened to let some of the heat out and marched through it. She found herself in the kitchen garden, her feet striking against the red brick path that led her through beds of carrots and beetroot and long curly beans, their pods swollen with beans like beads on a string. She got as far as the hothouses before he caught her arm.

“Louisa, if I have not touched you it is because I was afraid of frightening you, not because I don’t wish to,” he said, staring at her.

“Show me.”

“What?”

“Show me, or are you incapable of it? Are you afraid you might get a hair out of place?” she retorted. “You owe me three forfeits, remember? But I only need one. I claim it now. Kiss me.”

The Duke seized her by the shoulders. She stared up into his eyes at once fearful and excited. She had goaded him, pushed him into losing his temper. His eyes were dark and sultry like melted chocolate. Louisa felt herself melting into him.

“Why are you doing this?” he demanded, shaking her, his lips a hands-breadth away from hers.

She was desperate for him to close the distance between them, to feel his mouth on hers, to feel the hard muscles of his arms around her. She parted her lips in open, wanton invitation and she saw his eyes slide to her mouth. He was going to kiss her, he was, she could feel it. Her heart pounded hard and heavy inside her chest.

“Your grace, my lady,” said a voice from behind them, coughing discreetly. “Can I move past you to the hothouses? The path is a bit narrow here and I need to pick a melon for cook and there’ll be a might deal of trouble if she don’t get it.”

They sprang apart, the Duke every bit as red-faced as the sun-burned gardener before him. Fullerton tipped his flea bitten hat and shuffled away, his footsteps punctuated by the handle of his hoe touching the path like a walking cane.

The gardener’s sudden interruption was like the release of a pressure valve and Louisa felt the tension ebbing out of her. She watched Fullerton go with his uneven gait, embarrassed and disappointed and slightly ashamed of her behaviour now that the heat of her frustration had died.

“You are leaving tomorrow,” she said at last, her voice expressionless.

“You know I am.”

“And you have said that you won’t be back.”

“It is unlikely, I think. I have much business to attend to in London, which will keep me there indefinitely―”

“Go then! I want you to go. I wish you had never come here,” she sobbed.

He glared at her, his eyes searching her face. “Do you?”

“You may tell my father that all is at an end between us.”

“I am not your servant madam, you may tell him yourself,” replied the Duke icily.

“There are any number of eligible ladies in the country who would be more than happy to become your Duchess. Unhappily for you, I am not one of them.”

He bowed. “I count myself fortunate to have escaped from an alliance which can only have made us both profoundly unhappy. I bid you good day and wish you every future happiness.”

With that he bowed and strode away.



* * *



“Louisa, there you are,” exclaimed Emma. “Malvern has had to go away on important business. I tried to detain him for half an hour so that you might have the chance to wish him goodbye but he would not wait any longer than the time it took to bring his curricle round.”

“He has gone?” Louisa asked, tears gathering in her eyes. “I thought he wasn’t leaving until tomorrow?”

“He said he had spent too long here already. Are you alright, my love? You look a trifle out of sorts.”

“I have a headache.”

“Oh. Strange that he left in such a hurry. Well, I am sorry that he has gone for he is such good company and I am sure that Uncle Ned will miss him too. Now that I think of it, it is strange that he left in such a hurry for there was no letter or express to call him away.” Emma paused, observing her sister’s white countenance with a suspicious eye. “You did not argue with him did you?”

“No I did not argue with him. Why does everyone automatically think it is my fault?” she asked hotly.

“I was only asking, love. You did tell him that you never wanted to see him again, and there’s no use denying it for I heard you say it.”

“And I meant it. We are at an end, he and I.”

“Oh no, Lou, what happened?”

“I do not wish to talk about it. He―he is far too old and serious for me and I am far too passionate a creature for him. We are decided we should not suit. Now pray do not pain me by ever speaking of him again.”

Emma regarded her sister with a good deal of surprised concern. “But my love, I thought you and he were fast becoming the best of friends?”

“If I were five again, I am sure that a friendship of that kind would suit me. But I am a woman and I need more from a husband than day trips to the seaside. I don’t know why I ever thought our relationship could be any different. I have said a thousand times that I will not marry Malvern and I say it again now―oh, Papa…”

The Earl came into the room his hands clasped behind his back. “You needn’t look so forlorn, Louisa, I am quite well aware of the situation. Malvern has just told me in no uncertain terms that he has changed his mind and is no longer prepared to wait for you―you will listen, Louisa! His actual words were something like hell will freeze over before he willingly sees you again. I congratulate you! You have managed to insult one of the greatest men in the country and I will add, one of the most decent men of my acquaintance. Oh clever girl! I hope you are proud of yourself.”

Tears rolled down her cheeks. “I am! I told you I would not marry him and you would not believe me. I will marry Nicholas Ashworth.”

“Over my dead body,” muttered the Earl. “I’d rather you married Deverill than that young fool! You will marry Robert, Earl of Marcham.”

Her mouth fell open. “But he is older than Malvern!”

“Eight and thirty, I believe.”

“Twenty years older than me!”

“Seventeen actually.”

“And a―a hardened gamester! They say he bet his whole estate on the turn of one card!”

“That he did. Lost it too and then won it back. And he’s a womaniser to boot. You’ll have your hands full with him and it will serve you right. But he is handsome as any man I have ever seen so that should be enough to satisfy your maidenly desire for a pretty face.”

“I will not! They say he has orgies!”

“He may well do. But he’s richer than Malvern.”

“Papa, please, you do not mean it…”

“Undoubtedly, I mean it. I have been kind and have let you take this fence at your own pace and look at the way you thank me! You have made it virtually impossible for your mama and me to ever invite Malvern to Haymarsh ever again. He is a good man, Louisa, and he worships you. Why do you think he’s been staying here for a fortnight when he has that giant estate of his to run and business to attend to? For you Louisa, you ninnyhammer! Well it doesn’t make hide nor hair of difference now because it is all too late. I will leave on Monday and travel up to see Marcham. I’m sure he’ll be more than happy with the alliance. His reputation is such that no eligible female of rank or birth will have him.”

“Papa…no!”

“You have made your bed, miss and now you will lie on it!”





Chapter 10




“Marcham!” cried Nicholas, later that evening, thoroughly outraged by his love’s news.

“Yes,” replied Louisa.

“But he’s nearly forty.”

Louisa bit her lip. “I know.”

They were sitting by the small ornamental lake and the clouds flew across the sky. The sun had disappeared a few moments ago behind a bank of grey clouds and it did not seem that it was to return that day. Louisa shivered involuntarily.

Nicholas picked up a piece of gravel from the path and hurled it into the pond, scattering the goldfish from where it plopped through the surface. “God…it’s…it’s indecent, that’s what it is,” he said. “Marcham’s a gambler and a womaniser and a…a scoundrel. They say he all but killed a man in a duel when he was seventeen. And he’s a drunk to boot.”

“Yes.”

“And he’s won whatever fortune he possesses at the gaming table.”

“I won’t do it, Nicky,” she declared. “I swear I won’t.”

“No, by Jove, you won’t. I’ll make damn sure of it.”

“But what am I to do? Papa is threatening to ride over to see Marcham next week.”

“He doesn’t mean it. He’s bluffing.”

“Oh, do you think so?” cried Louisa, pulling a strand of hair from her mouth that had been blown there by the wind.

“Of course I think it. Do you honestly think Crowborough would see any daughter of his married to such a man? Don’t be such a goose, Louisa.”

“But what if he isn’t bluffing?”

“He is.”

“But what if he isn’t?”

“Then there’s nothing for it, you’ll have to marry me,” declared Nicholas gallantly.

Louisa bit her lip, swiping away the tears in her eyes. “Oh but, Nicky, you don’t really wish to be married to me, do you?”

“What a shabby thing to say! Of course I do.”

“Really?”

“Well, I’d sooner marry you than see you sacrificed to a man who would make you miserable, at any rate.”

Louisa ripped a petal from the rose in her hand and tossed it into the stream and was silent. That wasn’t quite the answer she was hoping to hear. She watched the water take the bright red petal and suck it into a long dance as it tumbled over the rocks and was eventually lost from sight.

“Well you might at least sound pleased about it, or grateful at least,” complained Nicholas.

“I am grateful. But I wouldn’t want you to do anything you didn’t really wish to do.”

“I do wish to,” he insisted. “The question is do you want to?”

“I am fond of you, truly I am…”

“But?”

“And I don’t wish to be like those horrid females who are forever changing their minds, but…but I think that you don’t really love me. Oh don’t look so sulky, Nicky! I meant no insult. But I think you are as much in love with Caroline Hinchcliff as you are with me.”

“Unjust! Since when have I mentioned her name to you?”

“Never,” she replied with a smile. “And that, I think, is the problem. If you were completely indifferent to her you might have spoken of her given that you danced with her twice at one ball and have spent a good deal of time in her company. But you told me she was only reasonably pretty when everyone knows her to be a great beauty. Oh don’t be cross, dear, dear Nicky! I am not in the least bit upset, which I think means I cannot have been in love with you very much at all, can I?”

“I suppose not,” he replied, sulkily stubbing the toe of his boot against the rock she was sitting on.

“And I really think that I should release you from our engagement. Noble as it was, I don’t think you really meant to offer for me at Vauxhall, did you?”

He shrugged, looking up at the sky and the threatening black clouds that were beginning to gather. The breeze stirred the tails of his coat and the ribbons of Louisa’s bonnet and dandelion seeds flew past them like flakes of snow. A storm was coming.

“So what now? You’ll marry Malvern I suppose,” said Nicholas, eyeing the clouds with misgiving.

“I? Marry Malvern?” she demanded, immediately firing up. “I will not!”

He blinked at her and spread his hands. “What did I say?”

“Why does everyone assume that just because he is a Duke that I will fall at his feet? He is old and serious and dull and I don’t like him above half,” she said crossly. “I would rather marry Mr Biggleswade than him!”

“Who?”

“Oh never mind! I have a headache.”

“Of course you do,” he said, rolling his eyes. “And when you have stopped being such a goose and have decided that you do wish to be married to Malvern after all, be sure and let me know. Come on let’s go in. I just felt the first raindrop and I think it’s going to blow a storm.”



* * *



The storm raged loud and lustily through much of the morning, hurling shards of much needed rain at the windows and lashing the ground with hailstone the size of ice cubes. Lightning struck the fence at the boundary with the moor and rendered it into matchsticks. Within two hours the storm had blown itself out leaving a wake of destruction behind it.

“I think Louisa must have argued with Malvern,” Emma said, setting a stitch in her embroidery. “The reason is unclear but all I do know is that everything is at an end between them. Malvern could hardly wait to have his curricle bought round before he was off and he would not stay for luncheon before he left. I don’t think I ever saw him so vexed. As soon as I saw Louisa’s face I knew that they had argued.”

Her father gave a snort of disgust and flung his book down upon his desk. “Not exactly a surprise. Your sister could start an argument in an empty room.”

“Yes, she is a little excitable…”

“A little?”

Emma glanced over at him. “She thinks Malvern is too serious for her. She’s young and her head is full of romance novels.”

He stood up and walked away to the window and looked out at his brother-in-law’s parkland, bracing his hand high against the casement. “She thinks anyone over thirty has one foot in the grave and anyone who has a brain is dull.”

Emma smiled. “I hope she changes her mind. I heard that you were thinking of the Earl of Marcham for her instead.”

Lord Crowborough turned around to face her at that with a short laugh. “Robert Marcham? Do you really think I would choose that loose fish for my daughter? God help us. He’ll whip her into shape alright. If you think she and Malvern fight like cat and dog…you will hear the fights she and Marcham will have in the next county. The man would gamble away his own grandmother if he thought he’d make some money out of it. Well, my dear, you wanted excitement at Haymarsh and now you have it. A notorious rake in the family will make us a hit with our neighbours, will it not?”

“Do you know him then?”

“Marcham? A little. Malvern knows him better than I. They have neighbouring property in Worcestershire―” he broke off as a thought occurred to him. “Oh lord, that will set the cat amongst the pigeons, won’t it? Jasper would be neighbours with Louisa as Marcham’s wife. Poor Jasper.”

Emma sank back into her chair. “Can we not do something?” she asked.

“About what?”

“But only think! Poor Malvern. How humiliating for him! To have the woman who he was destined to marry living right next door as another man’s wife.”

“Humiliating? That’s certainly one way of putting it,” he said, leaning his hips against the window sill, his back to the glass.

“What do you mean?”

“I would imagine that humiliation would be the very last of his feelings on the subject. He’s about as deeply in love with your sister as any man I’ve ever seen.”

“He never shows anything but the utmost politeness to her as he does to anyone. I have never seen the look of the lover about him when he is with her.”

“That, I suspect, is the problem,” her father replied, folding his arms across his chest. “Louisa is romantic and Malvern ain’t. If I know anything about ladies, she’s waiting for him to sweep her off her feet. And she can wait in vain for that to happen. Malvern’s more likely to offer to show her how to feather a corner than offer her pretty compliments.”

“Feather a corner?”

“Driving to an inch, my dear. Our Duke is never happier than on the seat of his curricle.”

“I must do something,” Emma said, contemplating the carpet at her feet. “I know Louisa likes him. I know it. All she needs is a little push.”

He put his head on one side, watching her with a smile playing about her lips. “Shall I invite the Earl of Marcham to stay, my dear?”

She looked at him, knowing what he was thinking. “Do you think he’d come?”

“No, I think he’d find it intolerably dull. But if Louisa were to think he was coming…”



* * *



In the event, the Earl of Marcham had no intention of visiting the neighbourhood of Foxhill or even journeying as far south as London and was settled to stay at his house in Worcestershire for the foreseeable future.

This was just as well, as Lord Crowborough never wrote to him. He picked up a folded tailor’s bill and pretended that it was a letter from Marcham; a faint smile touched his lips as he waved the paper in the air and looked under his brows at his youngest daughter.

“He will be here next Friday,” said he, lying glibly. “If he can tear himself away from the Faro table at Whites for long enough, that is.”

Louisa blinked. “He’s coming here? But I thought you were going north to see him?”

“I was,” replied her father. “I saved myself the bother of a northward journey by writing to Marcham in London. I heard that he was staying there with friends and wrote him to come to us for a few days before he journeys north again.”

“I wouldn’t have thought Marcham had any friends,” muttered Nicholas gloomily into his wineglass.

The Earl threw the letter down upon the table. “It appears he does have some friends. But for how long they remain his friends is another matter.”

“But…oh but sir, is it certain?” cried Louisa.

“Of course Your engagement with Nicholas is at an end and you have refused Malvern so I am running out of options. You must marry someone, you know. Marcham is not so very bad…at least he’s not as bad as he was…he has sobered with age. I believe he still intends to wed someone, if only he can find a willing bride of rank who is not too fussy where he has been.”

Louisa went white. “But he…he’s debauched…and a drunk…and a womaniser. He is not as young as…as…some people.”

Crowborough contrived to hide a smile. “Malvern isn’t exactly a saint, you know.”

Her eyes flew upward. “I was not talking about Malvern,” she said crossly.

He bowed his head. “No, of course you weren’t. Apologies. I misunderstood you.”

“Yes, you did. And I wish everyone would stop mentioning his name every five minutes.”

“Whose name?”

Louisa rolled her eyes. “Malvern’s.”

“Oh…I didn’t think I was mentioning his name every five minutes,” commented her father.

“You are all of you doing it. If I’m not hearing about his wealth and his estates, then I’m hearing what a fine gentleman he is, and his kind, polished manners. And if it’s not that then it’s how handsome he is, or how clever he is or it’s how he can turn a four-in-hand upon a sixpence. On and on it goes until I am thoroughly sick of hearing about him.”

“I see,” murmured his lordship.

Mr King raised his eyes from his contemplation of the floor and fixed the Earl with a knowing look. “Don’t rise to it, Louisa. He’s roasting you.”

“My dear Ned, I am doing nothing of the sort,” replied the Earl with an amiable smile. “It is the Lady Louisa who is fixated with the Duke of Malvern.”

“I am not!” said that young lady, bosom heaving. “I care not if I never see him again.”

“The rate you are going, you may well have your wish,” responded her father.

“What do you mean?”

He shrugged his shoulders. “Why merely that Malvern is shopping for a wife. He tells Mr Ashworth here that he is taken with a Miss Thomas.”

“A Miss Thomas? And who, pray, is she?” demanded Louisa, turning her eyes upon Marcus Ashworth.

“Dark haired chit,” responded Nicholas promptly, before his brother had time to respond. “Swimming in blunt, squints like a ferret. And built like a―well, let’s just say that he wouldn’t need a pillow at any rate if he were to marry her.”

“Nicky, please do strive for some manners,” said his brother in pained exasperation.

“Does he mean to have her then?” asked Louisa, ignoring this, her voice brittle.

“I have no idea. You will have to ask Jasper,” replied the elder Mr Ashworth.

“Does he love her?” asked Emma, lowering her embroidery.

“Who knows?”

“Well, I wish him happy,” said Emma, dropping her eyes back to her needlework. “He once told me that he loved a young lady but was honour bound to wed a Munsford instead. Well, as that is not now going to happen he is free to pursue the dearest wish of his heart.”

“Do you think a gentleman should pursue the wish of his heart then?” Mr Marcus Ashworth enquired from the other side of the room where he had appeared to have lost interest in his book.

“If he is able to and it causes no harm to others…yes.”

“And if the wish of his heart is distasteful to the object of his desire?”

“He should at least tell the object of his desire of his feelings.”

“I see. And if those feelings are not returned?” asked Mr Ashworth. “Surely the gentleman is open to a certain degree of humiliation at the lady’s hands?”

Emma briefly met his eyes once again. “Certainly there is that risk. But then she would at least know how he feels and would be able to act upon the knowledge if she returns his regard. If he does not tell her then she may pass through life thinking that he does not care.”

“Can we stop talking about Malvern?” cried Louisa.

“We weren’t talking about Malvern,” said Nicholas, examining the candlelight playing on the claret in his wineglass.

“Weren’t we?”

“No,” said Nicholas. “And if you would stop thinking that the only subject of conversation in this house is you and Malvern, we would all be eternally grateful.”

Louisa gasped. “I do not!”

“You do too. Every conversation we have ends up with you leading it back to your damned Duke,” he insisted.

“Oh Nicky, hush,” said Emma gently.

“Well she does and it’s getting on my nerves.”

“He is not my Duke!” said Louisa hotly.

“More’s the pity. You’d do us all a favour if you would just throw yourself at his chest and have done with it.”

“Throw myself at him? I will not. I would rather marry Marcham!” she declared.

“Good,” said her father with promptitude. “Then can I write and tell Marcham that he is most welcome here next Friday?”

Louisa’s lip trembled and she fled and the door slammed behind her.

“Oh Lord,” groaned Nicholas, staring at the door through which she had departed. “How much longer do we have to put up with this?”

“Patience Nick,” said Mr Ashworth softly.

“But she’s starting to irritate me.”

Emma smiled as she selected a length of pink embroidery silk. “Then it’s a good job that you and she didn’t make a match of it.”

“Lord yes, I should have murdered her within a week. If I hear Malvern’s name one more time I swear I’ll…well, it would be un-gentlemanly of me to say what I’ll do.”

Mr Ashworth met Emma’s amused gaze across the room. “Poor Nicky,” he soothed.

“Don’t you ‘Poor Nicky’ me! You aren’t the one who has to put up with her moping around all the time.”

“But you do it so well, Nicky,” said Emma, her eyes dancing.

“Oh quiet the pair of you.” He stood up abruptly. “Hang it all, I suppose I had better go after her or she’ll be in a fit of the blue devils until breakfast. And have you actually thought what will happen when Marcham does not turn up next Friday?”

Mr Ashworth smiled faintly. “It won’t come to that.”

“Oh won’t it? How do you know it won’t?” demanded Nicholas.

“Trust me, Nick.”

“Hmm. That’s what you said that time when I took your advice over Annette Ellis. She gave me a black eye that lasted a whole week. No, Marcus, I do not trust you one little bit! Right, I’m off to bed and I’ll look in on Miss Misery Mumps on the way. Goodnight all.”



* * *



Nicholas Ashworth sent his eyes heavenward, pleading for divine intervention. He was standing in the door of the Lady Louisa’s bedchamber watching her packing at alarming speed and with no degree of skill. “You can’t leave now, it’s the middle of the night,” he said, exasperated beyond measure.

“Oh no?” cried Louisa with a hard triumphant smile as she flung her unmentionables into a bandbox. “Just watch me.”

“Louisa, be reasonable.”

“Me?” she repeated. “I am not the one who has invited Marcham here against my wishes to view me as if I were a mare in a stud farm.”

“Well hardly that. Look, for God’s sake, you don’t have to marry the man.”

“No…you’re right, I don’t and will not.”

“Where are you going, anyway?”

“London.”

“London? Why?”

“Because there is work to be had there. I can find a post as a governess and support myself and then I need not marry anyone I don’t wish to,” she said, picking up her hairbrush and adding it to the pile.

Nicholas banged his head against the doorframe in exasperation. “And who do you think is going to employ you as a governess? Only twenty and an expert on the novels of Mrs Radcliffe.”

Louisa poked her tongue out at him. “Twenty-one and I am good with Sophie’s children. I have taught them their sums.”

“That does not make you governess material. You don’t want to be a governess, do you?”

She sniffed. “No, but I do like children.”

“And I like horses but I don’t want to be a stable hand,” he said, goaded. “Lou, you ninnyhammer, why don’t you go and marry Malvern and have your own children?”

“I don’t want to marry Malvern,” she said crossly, folding a nightdress.

“The hell you don’t. You have been miserable ever since he left.”

“I have not!”

“You’re in love with the man. Admit it. Go to Stoneacre and get him.”

“I? Go and get him? Why should I?” she demanded.

“Because if you don’t, he will marry Miss Whatshername in a fit of pique.”

“Miss Thomas.”

“Yes precisely.”

“Swimming in blunt you said.”

“Well, perhaps not swimming―”

“And big bosoms.”

Nicholas ran a finger around the collar of his shirt as if his neckcloth was too tight. “I say, Lou, it is not modest of you to talk of such things―”

“You men talk of it, so why should I not talk of it?” Louisa demanded, flinging the badly folded nightdress into her box.

“Because it ain’t ladylike.”

“Oh pooh. I care not for being ladylike,” she said and examined herself in the tall looking glass. “Do you think I have nice bosoms?”

He coloured scarlet. “Louisa!”

“Well, do you? Do you think Malvern would like them?”

Nicholas put his head in his hands. “God help me.”

“Do you? I want to know.”

“Yes,” he said exasperated. “I think Malvern has an eye for a prettily turned ankle the same as any other man.”

“Does Miss Thomas have pretty ankles?”

“No, calves like table legs.”

“Really?”

He rolled his eyes. “Does it matter? Don’t you understand? Malvern does not want Miss Thomas, he wants you. He only says such fustian to Marcus in the hopes that you will hear of it and go after him.”

Louisa paused in the act of arranging a gown on the bed, ready to be folded. “Do you really think so?”

“YES!”

Louisa swallowed and sank back onto the bed, sitting on her gown and creasing it beneath her. “But he’s too old for me,” she said, staring at the wall.

“Oh what rubbish!”

“You said he was,” she pointed out reasonably.

“Yes, but only because I was jealous at the time. But now I realise that we wouldn’t have suited at all and I’m not jealous in the least. But what I do want is for you to stop moping around.”

Tears clouded her eyes. “Oh Nicky, I’m so unhappy.”

“Confound it, she’s crying again. For God’s sake pull yourself together and make a plan to get him back.”

“But he doesn’t want me anymore,” she sobbed. “He told Papa that hell will freeze over before he willingly sees me again.”

“Said that did he?” mused Nicholas. “Well, he was angry. And no doubt you said something stupid and insulting and the poor man was heartbroken.”

“Heartbroken?” she repeated. “Truly? Do you think so?”

He rolled his eyes. “Trust to a female to make such a mull of it. Tomorrow Malvern leaves for his estate in Worcestershire. I will have a word with him when I get back to Stoneacre this evening and ten to one, he will come to you.”

“Oh do you really think so?” she breathed.

“Now stop blubbing and put your clothes back where you found them.”

“Yes…Nicky…thank you.”

“Yes, yes,” he said, waving his hand impatiently in the air. “Let’s not get maudlin about it.” She threw herself onto his chest and he clumsily patted her back.

“Oh dearest, dearest Nicky,” she cried into his shoulder.

“Come now, chin up. Marcham won’t have you, I’ll see to that. I’d rather marry you myself than see you hitched to that wagon.”

Mary O’Donnell, the Munsford family nurse, coming up the hallway at that moment, heard this last sentence with a little surprise and observing that Mr Nicholas was in Lady Louisa’s bedroom and had his arms around her and her ladyship’s face was turned into his coat and a half packed band box upon the bed, she drew her own conclusions. Nicholas hastily sprang apart from the lady red faced and bid her a hurried goodnight.





Chapter 11




Nicholas did his best.

Against his brother’s advice, he cornered Malvern in the library at Stoneacre just as the Duke was about to retire to bed. He came swiftly to the point and tried to convince Malvern that it was all a misunderstanding and that were he to show his face at Foxhill the following morning, he would find the Lady Louisa eager to accept him.

The Duke heard him out in silence, politely waited for his last sentence to end and set down his glass. Then he bid Nicholas a calm goodnight and quietly left the room almost as if he had not spoken.

Mr Ashworth smiled into his brandy and crossed his booted ankles as the door closed behind his noble friend. “I warned you to leave him be, didn’t I?”

“Oh go to the devil, Marcus!” snapped Nicholas, pouring himself a liberal brandy.

Mr Ashworth grinned. “Not so easy playing cupid, is it?”

“They are both of them stubborn as hell.”

“Yes.”

“And destined to spend the rest of their lives in misery rather than admit that they have feelings for each other,” said Nicholas, flinging himself into a chair.

“That’s love, little brother,” said Mr Ashworth, smiling.

“Oh what would you suggest then? Being the expert in our midst?”

“He’s going to Worcestershire tomorrow. Follow him there. Go to Lansdowne and corner the lion in his den.”

“Go to Lansdowne?”

“Yes. Take Louisa, take my carriage too, if you like. She’s going to have to eat some humble pie if she wants him back,” replied Mr Ashworth. “I’ve known Jasper for twenty years and more, and I’ve never seen him so angry or so hurt. She’s going to have to go to Worcestershire and convince him to have her back.”



* * *



Lady Sophie Trent having summarily dispensed with her children into the charge of their nanny early Thursday morning, entered Foxhill Manor house with every expectation of an enjoyable day spent shopping with her sisters. However, it did not take her long to discover that the master of the house was out and that three other family members were also absent from it and had been up with the lark and that the whole household could be said to have been in an uproar.

She was at the outset greeted by the housekeeper who informed her that Lady Emma was indisposed.

“Indisposed?” cried Sophie. “Emmy? My good woman, she is never indisposed. We are going shopping for I saw the prettiest little hat in the milliners last week and I quite made up my mind to have it. You shall not mind if I go up to her, ma’am? I know my way.”

The housekeeper wrung her hands. “No, you don’t understand, my lady. Lady Emma is not here.”

“Oh. Where has she gone? Probably for a walk. It is perfectly stuffy in this hall, isn’t it? Shall I wait in the parlour?”

“My lady, you misunderstand me. She has left Foxhill. Gone. Run away,” said the poor woman, tears gathering in her eyes.

“Nonsense!” said Sophie brusquely.

“Master Nicholas has gone too. And Lady Louisa. And Mr Ashworth.”

There was a pause while her ladyship digested this information. “Good gracious.”

“Yes, my lady. So you see, I don’t think you will be shopping today.”

“No…no, I suppose not.”

The doorbell rang violently at that moment and voices were heard in the hallway. The butler appeared. “A letter, for Mr King.”

Lady Sophie Trent stepped forward, holding out her hand expectantly. “Is it from Emma? Let me see.”

The butler looked affronted. “It is a private letter, my lady.”

“If it is from Emma, I wish to see it. Let me look at the direction and see if I can recognise the handwriting.” Sophie snatched the letter out of his hand before he could protest and broke the seal. She read with eyes that devoured the page. “Good heavens!”

“What is it, my lady? Is it the Lady Emma? Is she with friends?”

“Oh no! No, no, no!” she cried, clasping the letter tightly in her hand. “I must go after her immediately! Have my barouche brought around immediately, Brent.”

“Certainly, my lady.”

“Oh but hurry, Brent, hurry!”

The servant half ran from the room and Sophie followed him and walked up to the front door, threw it wide open and walked slap bang into Mr Vincent Deverill, their uncle King’s neighbour and friend, who was at that moment raising his hand to knock upon the door.

The smile of surprise on his face was quickly replaced by concern when he saw the look of distress in her eyes.

“My dear Lady Sophie, whatever is the matter?” he asked, taking off his hat.

“Deverill! Thank God. Read that,” she said, thrusting the letter into his hands, opening her reticule and reaching for her smelling salts.

He stared at her for a moment and then looked down at the letter that she had pushed against his chest. He read the crumpled sheet of paper swiftly, his eyes scanning the pertinent facts and then he raised his eyes once again to her face.

“I am afraid I do not perfectly understand, my lady,” he said, a frown between his brows.

“You do not perfectly understand―? How can you be so dim-witted at this moment? Can you not see?” demanded her ladyship, pressing her smelling salts to her nose.

“Er…see what, ma’am?”

“Don’t be so dense, Vincent! Louisa has eloped!” she cried, passing her hand over her brow.

Mr Deverill burst out laughing. “Eloped?”

“Yes! Oh I’m sure it is vastly funny to a libertine like you!”

“Indeed ma’am, I am only laughing because it seems so unlikely. I cannot imagine Malvern doing anything so improper―”

“Not Malvern, you fool! She has gone with Nicky, that wretched boy! Oh why do you stand there dawdling? Go after them, man!”

“I am not going anywhere until I fully understand what is going on,” he answered calmly. “Brent, please fetch her ladyship a glass of wine.”

“I do not need wine,” snapped the lady. “Why do you not go after them?”

Mr Deverill led Lady Sophie Trent to a sofa in the hall and sat her down. Her ladyship looked up at the painting above the fireplace and shuddered.

“Because for a start I do not know that they have eloped and for another thing, I do not know in which direction they have gone,” he answered reasonably.

Sophie picked up the letter and waved it in the air. “Emma says Papa wanted Louisa to marry Marcham―”

“Marcham?” ejaculated Mr Deverill. Then he began to laugh. “Poor little Louisa.”

Her ladyship stiffened in her chair. “I fail to see what is so funny.”

“Yes, I can see that you do…” he said, amused. “Nevermind. Drink your wine, Lady Sophie, and let me read the letter again. Yes, see here, your sister says that Nicky has gone off with Louisa. That does not necessarily mean that they have marriage in mind.”

“What?” shrieked Sophie. “Oh where is my vinaigrette? How can you say so? They must be married. Her reputation will be ruined if they are not. Oh my poor nerves!”

“If you will listen ma’am, I will read it again. See here she says: ’Nicky has gone off with Louisa. They left early this morning. I have spoken to my maid and she knew something of the plan last night.’ Who is Lady Emma’s maid?”

“Mary,” replied Lady Sophie faintly.

“Brent, bring her ladyship’s maid Mary to see me.”

“Very good, sir.”

Mr Deverill returned to the letter. ’I know it seemed to us that we were doing the right thing but it seems that the Earl of Marcham was the straw which broke the camel’s back. Our game backfired, I think.’ What game?”

“I don’t know,” wailed her ladyship.

“’I aim to find them and return them to Foxhill before any harm can be done to her reputation. Trust in me…etc etc,” he read, frowning. “Interesting sign off.”

“Eh?”

“Emma says that Marcus Ashworth has gone with her. I’ll bet he has, the dog…”

“But never mind that now. Where have they gone?” demanded Sophie, slugging a great mouthful of wine.

Deverill folded his arms across his chest. “Emma sounds calm. I think that if she truly thought they had eloped she would have written it in a blind panic. Which leads me to think that she is not much concerned.”

“Then why has she chased after them?”

“That is an extremely good question…ah…Mary is it?”

The maid bobbed a curtsey. “Yes, sir.”

“You appear to have information about the Lady Louisa’s whereabouts?” asked Mr Deverill with his most charming smile.

Mary Beth O’Donnell was not impressed. She glared frostily at the handsome gentleman and folded her arms across her bosom. “I don’t speak of my lady to anyone.”

Sophie rolled her eyes, long used to her old nanny’s ways. “Oh come down off your high ropes Mary and tell him, do. We do not have time for your hoity toity airs.”

The maid sniffed. “I didn’t see anything, your ladyship.”

“Mary…tell him!” said Sophie with a quelling look.

“All I seen was a bandbox on the bed with Lady Louisa’s things in it and some such talk of going to Malvern.”

“Malvern, Derbyshire? Or the Duke of Malvern?” asked Sophie sharply.

“I don’t know as I can say, my lady, she was all upset and Master Nicholas had her in his arms and they spoke of some fellow called Marcham who Master Nicky said was having to marry Lady Louisa and that he would marry her himself if such a thing were to come to pass.”

Mr Deverill exchanged glances with Sophie before returning his attention to the maid. “And did you speak of what you had heard to your mistress?” he asked.

“To be sure I did. Lady Louisa has always been a headstrong girl ever since she were a babe. I knew that if I did not tell Lady Emmy, it would all be too late to stop her.”

“I told you!” cried Lady Sophie triumphantly.

“And Lady Emmy…er, I mean, Lady Emma, went after them?”

“Yes sir. She’s left with Mr Ashworth. Indecent if you ask me.”

There was a silence.

“By that you mean left alone with Mr Ashworth?” Sophie repeated, thunderstruck.

“Aye, my lady. The gentleman said he wouldn’t let her go alone,” said Mary, shuddering at the thought.

“But he can’t…I mean, the scandal,” said Sophie, fanning herself vigorously. “Oh the shame of it. I shall end up in an asylum!”

Mr Deverill turned once again to the maid. “Are you quite sure your mistress left with Ashworth?”

“Oh yes! I seen them with me own eyes. Didn’t say as where they were headed. Some place as I don’t know as civilised people even live there.”

“Probably Bath,” put in Mr Deverill with a shudder. “Enough card parties to drive any man to drink.”

“Will you be serious, Vincent?” said her ladyship. “Now, Mary, are you telling us that Emmy has gone to this hideous place alone with him?”

“Not a bit of it, my lady. Lady Garbey would have none of it. She went after them, much to Mr Ashworth’s annoyance, I might add.”

Mr Deverill gave a shout of laughter. “Did she by God?”

“I fail to see what you find so amusing, Vincent,” said Sophie.

“Lady Garbey’s gone to play chaperone,” he replied, still laughing, “and scupper Marc’s plans for wedding bells.”

“Are you telling me that Mr Ashworth is planning to ruin Emma?” demanded Mrs Trent.

“Marcus Ashworth wants her for his wife,” replied the gentleman. “And he’ll do anything to make that happen. The devil of it is, Lady Garbey knows what he is about and is much inclined to throw a spoke in the wheel at every opportunity.”



* * *



Louisa arrived in the town of Lansdowne late in the evening three days later, tired and irritable and out of all patience with her escort.

She ordered the coachman to take her and Nicholas immediately around to his grace the Duke of Malvern’s estate two miles distant from the town. To all entreaties made by her young male travelling companion that you could not accost a man in his own home, unannounced at such an unreasonable hour, fell upon deaf ears. She called him an old woman, at which point they fell out again. After a heated discussion, the carriage pulled up before the imposing house and they received very short shrift from the butler who was not about the let a young chit of a girl into his master’s house at nearly eleven o’clock in the evening unless something quite extraordinary had happened.

Nicholas smiled smugly at her in barely disguised triumph as the door was closed in their faces. This resulted in another argument and neither the lady nor the gentleman spoke to each other until breakfast the following morning.

They had put up at the White Hart in the town, posing as brother and sister, which given that they argued over everything from the moment they arrived, was entirely realistic to the staff who served them.

Nicholas had hired a private parlour and had bespoken breakfast without any idea of how he was going to pay for it. The matter didn’t concern him long, however, perhaps because he realised that soon the girl would be off his hands and he could return to Stoneacre, or perhaps because he was expecting a surge of generosity from the Duke when his lover was restored to him. Thus his mood was buoyant, even despite having to wait for Louisa for nearly an hour as she three times changed her mind about the gown she was wearing, went off to change her clothes and then immediately demanded his opinion as she preened about before the mirror. Having finally settled on a pale pink morning dress, and a bonnet trimmed with matching pink ribbons, they set off for Lansdowne Hall, in a hired gig, once more in charity with one another.

His grace was not at home.

As the butler imperiously informed them, it was the Duke’s habit to drive his curricle early every morning as anyone acquainted with his master would know.

Louisa wanted to say that in fact she was very well acquainted with the Duke and indeed so much so that she was almost his fiancée, and that she knew him so well that she had almost been kissed by him. And that she knew his master a great deal better than he did himself. And that if she had not been so stupidly blind, she might at this point be planning her wedding celebrations to him rather than battling with his bad tempered butler on the steps of his house.

Nicholas bundled her back into the carriage before the argument threatened to come to blows.

“Pompous, odious man! Why Malvern employs such a man I have no notion,” cried Louisa.

“Probably because he’s a good butler,” replied Nicholas. “Well I warned you not to show up on his doorstep like a beggar, didn’t I? You should have done what I told you, sent him a note requesting him to call in at his earliest convenience at the White Hart. By far the better way to do it. But instead of that you turn up on his doorstep in the dead of night, expecting him to welcome you with open arms. Well, he’s a proud man, Lou, and you hurt him and you had much better eat some humble pie.”

“Oh be quiet, Nicky, do!”

“I’m just saying, is all. Come on, let’s go.”

They arrived back in the town just as the gentleman they were pursuing had reached his home. And Louisa arrived back at the hotel later that day, tired and frustrated and missing Malvern like a gaping hole in her side.

On the following morning she saw him. They hardly exchanged a word but she saw him. He was wearing a bottle green coat and biscuit coloured pantaloons and was riding a horse whose coat shone like molten copper in the sun. At his side was a beauty on a white horse, her groom behind them at a respectful distance. Miss Thomas. His head was turned towards his companion and he was laughing at something she was saying. Something about the way Miss Thomas tossed her head told Louisa that her rival was confident of reeling the Duke in.

Suddenly, she faltered. What if the Duke wanted to be reeled in? What if he liked the heiress? Was she about to make a fool of herself by throwing herself at him when he had already found her replacement?

Louisa’s feet then appeared to have welded themselves to the ground. She stood open mouthed, struck dumb. “I can’t do this,” she whispered.

“There he is!” cried Nicholas, oblivious to the turmoil raging in his young charge’s breast and raised the tip of his walking cane to point it at the Duke.

Louisa grabbed his arm and whirled them about so that their backs were presented to the oncoming riders. “Oh don’t point your cane at him. He’ll see us.”

“Well, if that don’t beat the Dutch! You want him to see us, you goose. Lord, I worry about your sanity sometimes. We came here specifically to see him and now that we’ve come all this way and finally tracked him down; you decide you don’t want to see him after all―”

“What if he doesn’t want to see me?” she whispered, her hand gripping like a claw at the sleeve of her companion’s coat.

“Of course he’ll want to see you.”

“But he―I mean look at them. Look at the way he is looking at her. He admires her! Oh it was a mistake coming here!”

“Lou, get a grip on yourself, will you?”

“Oh, he’s nearly upon us!” cried Louisa. “What shall I do? If we turn down this path we might escape his notice.”

“Too late, he’s seen us,” Nicholas replied cheerfully.

The Duke looked over at them and stiffened. He sat atop his horse, staring at Louisa, a strange and utterly perplexing expression on his face, his handsome lips hardening into an uncompromising line. She saw anger in his eyes and surprise too, but also something else, something unreadable which brought the heat of mortification to her cheeks. She remembered the last time she had seen him and all the horrible things she had said. She remembered the angry expression on his face as she accused him of being devoid of all feeling and passion. She remembered the hurt in his eyes that an old friend could say such cruel things to a man who had always been loyal to her through thick and thin. She bit her lip, wishing that the ground below the sleepy town of Lansdowne might develop a sink hole the size of Carlton House and swallow her up. She wished she had worn a bonnet with a larger brim so that it might shield her face from his view. She wished that he wouldn’t keep looking at her like that.

Louisa saw Miss Thomas break off her conversation when she realised that her companion was not listening to a word she had said, and then she too turned her eyes upon Louisa.

Malvern swept the tall curly brimmed hat from his head as he rode up to them. “Good day Lady Louisa… Nicholas. Allow me to present Miss Thomas to you. Miss Thomas, my friends Lady Louisa Munsford and Mr Nicholas Ashworth.”

“Enchanted,” said Miss Thomas with a faint sneer, which implied she was anything but. She held her riding crop at a strange angle, as if she were at any moment planning to wield it against her love rival.

“A pleasure to meet you, Miss Thomas,” replied Louisa in a small voice.

There was a brief but pained silence. The Duke looked uncomfortable, his habitual easy manners had deserted him and he appeared to be more interested in a gentleman acquaintance of his who was at that moment riding by than in the present company. Finally he brought his eyes back and addressed Nicholas.

“What brings you to Worcestershire so suddenly?” asked Malvern.

“You,” said Nicholas in his blunt way, which brought a blush to Louisa’s cheeks.

“Indeed?” said the Duke and raised one haughty brow. “Should I be flattered?”

Nicholas rolled his eyes in exasperation deciding that someone needed to take these two love birds in hand or nothing would be resolved to anyone’s satisfaction except possibly the sour faced Miss Thomas. “Louisa has something to say to you, your grace,” he blurted.

Louisa gasped. “Nicky!”

“Well you do, and if you two are just going to stand here and glare at each other all morning, then I’m off!”

She coloured hotly and looked away, unable to raise her eyes from a distant flower bed.

The Duke turned his eyes upon her for the first time. “You have something you wished to say to me, my lady?”

Louisa balked. “No, indeed sir, I do not wish to interrupt your ride―”

“Louisa, tell him!” said Nicholas, exasperated.

“Nicky, if you don’t be quiet I swear I’ll―”

“Tell me what?” asked the Duke quietly, still watching Lady Louisa.

She swallowed, her hands shook, and she felt hot and cold at the same time. Oh God, why did she come here? “I am sorry. I made a mistake coming here. It is clear to me now―”

Nicholas rolled his eyes. “What Louisa is trying to tell you is that she’s in love with you, and yes thank you, she would be honoured to accept your hand in marriage.”

Louisa gasped. “Nicky! How could you?”

“Well it’s true, isn’t it?” Nicholas reasoned, spreading his hands.

There was an uncomfortable silence during which time the Duke’s eyes had shifted to Louisa’s reddened countenance.

“How very affecting,” tittered Miss Thomas, her sneer quite pronounced. “Tell me Jasper, since when has it become acceptable in our society for young women to throw themselves at gentlemen in the street?”

The Duke struggled to form an answer.

“I did not throw myself―” insisted Louisa, acutely embarrassed.

Miss Thomas smiled like a snake. “Let us go, Malvern. This creature seems determined to ruin what has been a very pleasant morning―”

“Is it true?” demanded the Duke, cutting across his companion’s speech with uncharacteristic rudeness. He watched Louisa, his eyes steadily upon her face.

Three pairs of eyes stared at her. She blanched.

“I apologise for interrupting your ride,” Louisa said with difficulty, “I should not have come―good day.”

She bobbed a curtsey, turned about and ran.





Chapter 12




Louisa thought that she might well find a very high cliff somewhere and throw herself off it.

What had she expected? That he would forgive her? That all she had to do was go to him and he would reassert his wish to wed her without the bat of an eyelid? Did she think that she could cast herself onto his chest and he would hold her and forget all the hideously foolish things she had said to him in the orangery at Foxhill?

How childish she must have sounded to him! How utterly wanton too! He must have laughed himself silly. He, a man who had lived a great deal and if rumour had it, loved a little too, should take lessons in lovemaking from an innocent girl who knew no more about love than a kitten? It was laughable.

She hid herself in her room at the inn for the rest of the day, at turns tearful, determined never to speak to him again and the next moment planning how she would win him back.

It was during one of these spells of bright optimism, when she was writing to her sister in the private parlour that Nicky had hired for their personal use, that the door opened suddenly and the Duke of Malvern himself walked in.

To say that his arrival was unexpected would be an understatement.

He had not been announced and his sudden appearance before her threw her mind and her cognitive skills into considerable disarray. She dropped her pen and succeeded in rendering a good portion of her carefully written letter illegible with a growing splat of ink. She blotted it and stammered an apology, and realising that the letter was a hopeless cause, gave up finally and looked over at him, a sheepish half smile on her lips. But the smile died when she saw the expression on his face. There was no smile of returned greeting, no words appropriate of a long standing friendship such as theirs. He closed the door behind him and made the quite extraordinary step of locking it.

“Good morning your grace,” she said uncertainly, rising from her chair.

She stared at him, a little confused by his behaviour. He had not moved from his position by the door or made any move to greet her in the accustomed manner.

“Are you quite well?” she asked.

Finally he moved towards her, his eyes dark and intent with purpose. He was staring at her in a way she had never seen from him before and it gave her pause. She hesitated and tried to smile.

“Shall I ring for tea…?” she murmured, her voice faltering as he closed the distance between them.

And still he would not answer. She backed away uneasily as he advanced upon her across the room, his eyes holding hers captive all the while.

“Malvern?” she said, thinking that he might have bad news to impart. “Is everything alright?”

He pursued her still until her back bumped against the wall and she felt the flocking of the wall hangings beneath her fingertips. She had no-where left to run. She stared doggedly up into his face as he took the final step towards her. He braced one hand against the wall either side of her waist, trapping her with his body but without touching her.

“You doubt me as a man?” he demanded.

She was horrified. “No.”

He placed one finger under her chin and tilted her face up towards him. “You doubt my ability to make love to you?”

The colour flamed in her cheeks as her eyes met his. “No.”

“My interest then? You think I have no interest in pleasures of the flesh?”

She was mortified. “It was a silly argument, no more. I was angry and―”

“You think that because I am a gentleman and treat you with respect that I do not feel desire?”

She could do nothing but stare at him. She shook her head. His dark eyes bored into hers with anger and something else that made her heartbeat double its speed.

“You would prefer me to try and force my attentions upon you to show that I have the same desires as other men? Is that it?” he asked.

“No…no Malvern, I swear―”

“Because I have made no move to touch you, you think that I don’t wish to?”

She heard the bitterness in his voice and swallowed hard. “No.”

“You accuse me of treating you like a child…of thinking of you as a child and not a woman. You have grown up, have you not?” he said as his eyes travelled rather insolently down her body.

Her voice felt strangled and she opened her mouth to speak but nothing came out.

“Yes,” he agreed, eyeing her as a hawk eyes up its prey. “Curves in all the right places. And you think that because I have not tried to steal a kiss or more from you that I have not noticed that you have become a very desirable young woman?”

She hardly knew how to answer him. “Malvern, please―”

“Well let me tell you that you are wrong. You are wrong indeed,” he whispered and before she knew what he was about, lowered his head and locked his mouth firmly to hers.

If he had set out to shock her, he succeeded. If he set out to change the orbit of her world and knock it out of kilter, then he succeeded in that too. She was shocked, stunned and struck dumb by the change in him. This man who held himself on a tight leash, never allowing himself to show his feelings in public for fear of having them mocked or thought vulgar was letting her see another side to his nature; an exciting, masculine, masterful side. And now here was her safe, dull, staid Malvern, kissing her―and passionately kissing her at that!

Her lips tingled with static at the first touch of his mouth as if her whole body became alive with a primitive electricity and breathless anticipation. He deepened the kiss, his lips coaxing hers apart and they moved under his with an answering pressure. She closed her eyes as a trembling excitement fanned out through her body. When his tongue entered her mouth and touched hers, she thought she had never experienced anything so wetly shocking or so downright arousing, but she did not want him to stop. She could not let him stop. Her arms slid around his neck and pulled him nearer, her mouth opening eagerly to his gently probing tongue. His arms slid around her and brought her against him, his hand on her bottom, the deeply erotic kiss shocking her innocent mind to the core.

She had never thought to see such a change in him. She had never thought to see such anger or such passion. His behaviour, his demeanour, the look of want deep in his eyes staggered her. Was this her Malvern? Was this her dear kind friend who took her to museums―?

She should stop him now. She really should; his other hand was working the buttons at the back of her gown and soon he had the bodice of her gown open and was tugging the sleeves off each shoulder. His lips left her mouth and worked their way down her neck, over the hollows of her collar bone and down to the swell of her breast. She wasn’t sure how he managed it, as her eyes were closed at that moment, but her nipple was freed from the confines of her dress and he took it gently but firmly into his mouth, sucking and licking the hardening nub until she moaned with the pleasure of it and threw her head back against the wall. Something surging and exciting tingled between her legs and her fingers crept into his hair, holding onto his head as his tongue swirled with maddening slowness around the taut sensitised peak of her nipple. The world could have slid from its orbit and she would not have noticed, the building could have collapsed around her and all she cared about was his mouth hot and wet and wickedly arousing on her breast. His hand slid slowly under her skirts and petticoats, higher and higher, his fingers warm and dry. He hooked her garter with his thumb and slid it downwards, exposing the smooth skin of her thigh to his touch. His finger slipped between her legs, and she gasped and cried out as he explored the slippery wetness of her. And as his finger massaged her flesh and he licked and teased and sucked at the sensitised tip of her breast, she felt a white hot tingle of heat between her legs and she wanted to open herself as wide as could be to let him find all of her. Her breathing was ragged, her heart beating like a galloping horse and he flicked some tiny secret part of her with his thumb and she felt a surge of pleasure careen to that spot.

And then, he stopped.

Just when an exquisite tension was building inside her, when a yearning for release took hold of her and nothing else mattered but his touch, he stopped. Just when she began to feel as if she were on the edge of something wonderful, when she was desperate for him to bring her to the crescendo that she felt sure was there―maddeningly, he stopped.

He raised his head and released her and she almost slumped to the floor. She blinked, uncomprehending. Had she done something wrong…?

Her knees were trembling, her breasts begging for his touch, her body tingling with excitement and a desperate need for him to come back and finish what he had started. She stared up at him, her lips swollen and red from the imprint of his kiss, her naked breasts spilling out of her dress in the most wantonly disgraceful manner, her hair in wonderful disarray around her shoulders.

If Malvern was at all moved by this very erotic display, she would not have known it for way he looked at her with such calm indifference.

“As a matter of interest, how much further were you going to let me go?” he enquired, holding up her garter that he had removed as if it were a trophy, moving the soft fabric between his fingers and bringing it against his lips.

She flushed with humiliation, gathering the disarray of her bodice over her exposed bosom. “I don’t understand,” she whispered.

“No,” he agreed. “You don’t. You mock me for treating you as a gentleman should, with honour and respect. You flaunt erotic paintings under my nose to taunt me into what exactly? Kissing you? Is that what that day was about? You touched the man in that damned sculpture as if you were touching a lover. You cannot know how my body has tortured me for weeks with thoughts that you might one day touch me in such a way.”

He took a step away as if he needed to put the distance between them for his own safety as well as hers.

She frowned, confused. “Are we stopping?”

“That, my lady, is up to you. You will choose if you wish us to continue,” he said, his eyes straying to the open bodice of her gown, betraying the thought uppermost in his mind. “Make no mistake; I am a man as any other with the same desires as any other. I want you in the most disgraceful, un-gentlemanlike ways that any man wants a woman. I want to do things to your body that would shock you exceedingly. But I will let you choose—while I yet have the power to walk away. Tell me now or forever be silent, which do you want? I can be a gentleman and leave this minute or I can be a scoundrel and seduce you.”

He tilted his head and his eyes slid to her mouth. Her lips were parted in breathless anticipation. He stared down at her for a long moment. “Well? Shall I unlock that door?” he prompted. “Which do you want, the gentleman or the scoundrel? Shall I take you on the rug as Nicholas Ashworth and others would? Is that what you want from me, Louisa? A quick tumble before the fireplace?”

Slowly, she shook her head, as if at last realising what had almost happened. Tears of humiliation stung her eyes. “No.”

“No? Why not?” he mocked softly, moving back towards her. “You wished to be treated as a woman, did you not? And you wished for me to show you how much I desire you. Now you have had both. If you object to the carpet, you can always hitch up your skirts and bend over the table, I’m quite happy to take you from that angle. It’s all the same to me.”

“How dare you?” she cried, her face flushed red with just as much anger and humiliation as from the aftermath of their lovemaking.

“No,” he agreed. “I thought not. Be careful how you tease me with your games, my lady.”

A tear fell from her eye. “Why are you doing this?” she whispered.

“To teach you a much needed lesson,” he said, tucking her garter into his pocket. “You wish me to treat you as a woman? Then don’t treat me as a boy. Many other men of our acquaintance would not have stopped just now and you, my lady, would have been ruined. Think carefully on that the next time you taunt a man. Be thankful that I am not the kind of man to deflower an innocent girl and leave her with the consequences.”

He turned without another word and went out, closing the door softly behind him.



* * *



Such a scene was to have its inevitable conclusion and Louisa slid down the wall until she was a ball of misery curled up against the floor. Tears streamed down her face and splashed onto the pale fabric of her dress as it started to rain outside and the droplets pattered gently against the window.

She tried to repair her appearance, the fastenings of her gown were awry, her breasts still tingled after his physical assault upon her senses. She could not do up the last of her buttons by herself. How was she to explain to the maid how they had come undone? Did everyone know that Malvern had been here and seen her alone with the door resolutely locked against casual intrusion?

How foolish he must think her now, how wanton and base. He had all but taken her virtue and she would have let him, here in this room; a private parlour in a very public inn. She would have let him take her clothes from her and willingly submitted to his touch, the blue rug their only excuse for a bed. It was not she who had pulled back at the eleventh hour but him. Had it not been for his sense of honour and decency, she might in all probability have been ruined, or with child or both.

But, oh how wonderful to be in his arms at last! How wonderful to feel his body next to hers, his touch on her skin, his lips on hers with an ardour that she found truly staggering. How could she have thought him an unemotional man? How could she have doubted his ability to feel and desire as other men did? She had been truly deceived by her own prejudice. She thought that she knew him as well as any woman could and she had been utterly wrong.

He had punished her and it had been a harsh lesson indeed. She had toyed with his affections, she had goaded and taunted him in the hopes that she would see another side to him, a side that she wanted just as much as the close friend he had become. She had wanted to provoke a reaction and finally she’d got what she wanted. But at what cost? What did he think of her now? A hussy? A loose, wanton female who would let any man do what he wanted with her? Had she told him that it was him and only him who she wanted in that way? Had she let him know that no other man would have been granted the liberties he had taken with her that afternoon?

She hugged her knees into her chest and laid her head down atop them and sobbed herself dry of tears.





Chapter 13




The Duke of Malvern’s plan had been to walk away and leave her with imaginings of what might have been, while he effortlessly transferred his affections elsewhere.

The plan had not been to sit up half the night racked by guilt and regret, thinking himself the most unfeeling brute in all creation and drinking himself into a state of dejection.

The plan had certainly not been to find himself at the front door of the White Hart the next morning with a posy of pink roses in one hand and his pride squashed firmly under one elegantly shod top boot, determined to gather the young woman into his arms and demand that she agree to marry him without delay.

He knocked on the door with one gloved hand and waited. He was shown into the parlour, the scene of his ill-judged seduction the other day, and stood kicking his heels by the window, his shoulders set back, attempting to look as though nothing in the world had happened. He glanced at the wall, remembering the feel of her in his arms, the touch of her lips on his and how she had thrown her head back against that innocent wall with a breathless moan that he did not think he would ever forget even if he reached the age of ninety.

She would not see him. His posy of flowers was returned with a polite note and a desire that he not call again. He wrestled with the urge to run up the stairs and seek her out in her bedchamber but on meeting the plea in the old landlord’s eyes, decided that he would not put the man out by creating such a scene. He smiled faintly, nodded and went away.

Had the Duke known that the lady had sobbed all the while she was writing the note, he might have been mollified. As it was, he shuffled back down the front steps of the inn like an old man, feeling as if he had lost the shining sun from his sky. He threw the flowers at his groom before climbing back into his curricle. The groom caught them deftly against his chest with an expression of extreme surprise upon his face.

“Give them to your sweetheart, Bob,” his grace recommended as he gathered the reins into his hands, “I have no use for them.”

He flicked the reins and the equipage bowled forward.

She did not want to see him. Could he blame her? He had humiliated her. He had used her body against her, knowing that he could make her want him, knowing that he would not let up until she had all but given herself to him.

What he had not expected was that it would go so far. He had been virtually on the point of unfastening his breeches when reality eventually reined him in. How he had stopped himself he did not know. He had been almost at the point of no return and if she had touched him, he would have been lost indeed.

He thought ruefully that it was that which had saved him. If she’d touched those long fingers to any part of him, he would have had her on the floor and damn the consequences. Even the thought of it now had him breaking out into a sweat.

He had been angry and hurt and determined that she should know him for who he really was. She should know that a gentleman who was the epitome of kindness and amiability was not necessarily a flat. A man who had respect for a woman was not necessarily one who did not feel the urge to take that woman to bed. He was bitterly upset that she still did not appear to know him after all these years; she still thought him some kindly uncle rather than a man with whom she could share her undoubted passion. She considered him her sister’s rejected suitor and unworthy of any romantic feelings. She thought him devoid of any interest in a woman beyond the need to beget himself a wife and an heir. She thought him dull and passionless.

He was far from that. He wanted her. He wanted her so badly it hurt. He’d wanted her since she had first come out at the tender age of seventeen, her eyes shining with wonder at the new fashionable world she had entered. When she’d looked at him with those cornflower blue eyes, he’d wanted to take her into his arms and waltz her right under her father’s nose, even though in those days the waltz was a scandalous dance. And when that pup Thomas Bradley had broken her heart, he’d wanted to hold her while she sobbed into his shoulder and kiss away her tears―after he had broken Bradley’s nose, of course.

But he had been intended for Sophie and had been all his life. He’d had to remind himself of the fact. Louisa was not destined for him. He had told himself that she was too young, that Sophie would make him a better, more suitable spouse. But his heart would not be schooled into submission. He wanted Louisa. He wanted to make love to her long into the night, to show her what he was capable of, to show her that they could be so much more than friends.

His afternoon passed gloomily, working his way through a pile of business correspondence that needed his attention. He was distracted, however, and was very soon staring listlessly out of the window.

“There you are,” commented a dry voice from behind him.

The Duke turned. “Marcus, what the devil―? What on earth are you doing here?”

Mr Ashworth smiled faintly and closed the door. “I told your imperious butler that I would announce myself.”

“What are you doing here?”

“Nice to see you too,” remarked his friend, sitting in the chair behind the desk and bracing one foot over the opposite knee. “We’re all here. Louisa’s flight from Foxhill caused a hell of a stink, I can tell you. The maid swore blind she had eloped with Nicholas.”

Malvern stiffened.

“She hadn’t, of course, she’s come here to see you. Not that it hasn’t been proved to be a waste of time, however, not to mention the expense. Half the Munsford family are staying at the Hart and that Garbey woman too. Poor landlord doesn’t know if he’s coming or going. And now Louisa says she won’t have you and is determined to return to Haymarsh.”

The Duke stared at the floor.

“I take it you have had another argument?” asked Mr Ashworth.

“I don’t want to talk about it.”

“She was all set to come here and apologise and now we’re all back to square one. What happened, Jasper?”

“I said that I don’t want to talk about it.”

Mr Ashworth shrugged and turned his attention to some papers on the desk instead. “Are you going to accept his offer?”

Malvern shrugged. “It’s a small house and I won’t miss it. He may have it with my blessing.”

“You could sell it for double that amount.”

The Duke shrugged again. “I could…but I won’t.”

“For what it’s worth, my opinion is that you shouldn’t sell it,” said Mr Ashworth, tossing the paper back onto the house.

“Crowborough wants the land.”

“Tough,” remarked his friend uncompromisingly.

“What do I need with another house? I can only live in one at a time and I already have more than enough for my needs.”

Mr Ashworth steepled his fingers. “It won’t work, you know.”

“What won’t?”

“He cannot convince his daughter to marry you no matter how many properties you throw at him.”

There was a brief silence.

“Are you accusing me of bribery?” asked Malvern, folding his arms across his chest and leaning his hips against the window seat.

“Absolutely, I am.”

The Duke put his head on one side, regarding his friend with a curious look. “What would you suggest, then? Being so stunningly successful with women as you are.”

“Compromise her.”

“I beg your pardon?”

Mr Ashworth smiled. “Put aside your gentlemanly manners and make love to the girl.”

His grace, who had very nearly done just that, flushed the very faintest shade of pink but made no answer.

His friend raised one brow. “Do I ascertain that such a remarkable event has already taken place?”

“No, you damn well don’t,” snapped the Duke.

“I see,” Mr Ashworth murmured.

“No, you don’t see anything of the kind. If the lady has lost her virtue, it certainly was not to me.”

“More’s the pity,” commented his friend with a faint smile. “At least you wouldn’t look so damned miserable.”

“Given the arid state of your love life, Marcus, I think I’ll keep my own counsel,” said his grace caustically.

Mr Ashworth laughed. “I’m telling you: women don’t want nicely behaved gentlemen with nice manners.”

“Oh yes, and what do they want?”

“A scoundrel. They want danger and excitement. And for us gentlemen who lack a pretty face,” said Mr Ashworth, pointing his thumb at himself, “I have come to the conclusion that any man might choose any woman he desires to wife; he might be as ugly as sin, he might have no prospects or connections, no title and no wealth and still hook any woman he wants.”

The Duke of Malvern cast his eyes heavenward to seek divine assistance.

“And how have you come to this deluded conclusion?” asked his grace.

Mr Ashworth grinned. “Observation and my innate cunningness.”

“And what exactly are you planning?”

“I am not planning anything,” replied his friend smoothly. “All I am doing is sharing with you my observation that a man’s lack of prospects count for nothing if he ruins her. If he ruins her, all his inadequacies are forgotten. In fact, the lady may cordially dislike him and still have to marry him.” He smiled and spread his hands. “And voila, he may have the woman he wants for the asking. The woman’s family will be desperate to see them wed and throw shoes and rice and make merry.”

“Are you suggesting that I ruin the Lady Louisa?”

“Certainly I am. Seduce the chit. I have no doubt that such a task will be no very great sacrifice on your part.”

“You are a cynical bastard, Marcus.”

Mr Ashworth shrugged. “Perhaps.”

“And what do you think such a scheme would do for marital happiness when the lady finds out that I have tricked her?” demanded the Duke.

His friend grinned. “What does that matter when she’s in your bed with your ring upon her finger?”

Malvern shook his head. “Unbelievable. You’re not seriously contemplating this cork-brained scheme I hope?”

“No,” conceded Mr Ashworth. “I’m not.”

“Thank God for that.”

“But I think you should.”

“No.”

“Malvern, for once in your damned life, stop playing the perfect gentleman and go after what you want. You’ll lose her else.”

“I want her to marry me because she wishes to marry me, not because she has been forced into it,” muttered the Duke.

“What does it matter how it comes about if it gets you what you want? What have you got to lose?”

“Everything,” replied the Duke moodily. He threw himself into a chair by the window. “I want her to be happy.”

Mr Ashworth rolled his eyes. “Once you are wed, you’ll have the rest of your life to convince her that she’s happy.”

“Good God, I do believe you are utterly devoid of any proper feeling. I did not think it was possible, but you have just proved it.”

Mr Ashworth laughed. “Fine. So do it your way and when you are still alone in ten years time and the Lady Louisa is popping out yet another brat for her devoted husband, I will remind you of this conversation.”

A grim smile greeted this pronouncement followed by the swift retort, “And when you follow your own advice and end up miserable and leg shackled to a woman who loathes you, I will remind you of this conversation.”

Mr Ashworth merely smiled. “We’ll see.”

The Duke groaned and put his head in his hands.

“Are you quite well, Jasper?” asked Mr Ashworth, amused.

“No, damn you.”

“You groaned. Loudly.”

“She won’t see me.”

“Ah. And what have you done to be expelled from her ladyship’s court?”

“Apart from humiliate her, cheapen her and force my attentions on her just to prove a point? Why, nothing at all.”

“Oh, is that all?”

“I’ve made such a damned mess of it all.”

“It sounds like it, certainly,” agreed Mr Ashworth, examining his fingernails.

“And she’s so…” His voice faltered as his mind conjured an image of her semi-naked body in his arms, so perfect, so wet, and so ready for him. He groaned at the thought of sliding himself inside her, of holding her while she came, of once again kissing those perfect breasts…

“Unavailable?” suggested his friend.

The Duke swallowed and the image shattered. “Oh go to the devil, Marcus,” he snapped.

Mr Ashworth laughed. “You are right, though. Given my woeful history with the weaker sex, you’d best ignore me.”

“I plan to.”

“In fact, forget all my advice. You are doing very well without me. What woman wants to be made love to when you could take her to a museum instead? What woman can resist a man who whispers tales of Egyptian mummies into her ear or describes to her the taxonomy of bats?”

The Duke of Malvern then told his oldest friend to go to a very warm place using colourful language which would have shocked many of his acquaintance but which brought a broad grin to Mr Ashworth’s face.





Chapter 14




“I apologise, Mr Pritchard, but I must see Lady Louisa without delay,” said the Duke, leaning across the counter at the White Hart. A post chaise stood out on the road laden with baggage ready to take the lady back to her father’s estate in Hampshire. The yellow carriage door was open, ready to take its fair burden on her journey home.

“I regret, your grace, that I am desired to refuse you entry,” replied the landlord apologetically.

“I know you are,” conceded Malvern with his most engaging smile, eyeing the brace of servants behind the landlord with a wary eye and thinking that the Lady Louisa had exaggerated his pugilistic skills to a very flattering degree. “But I simply have to see her. It’s imperative. Five minutes.”

Mr Pritchard bowed. “And were it up to me, your grace, I should be happy to show you into the private parlour, but Lady Louisa is adamant.”

“Five minutes is all I ask. Please Pritchard. I must speak with her.”

The landlord bit his lip. “I cannot, your grace.”

The Duke of Malvern took out his pocket book and brought forth a note, which he waved under the man’s eye. The ostlers and grooms gaped as the nobleman rolled up a note and tucked it inside the landlord’s pocket. “A little something for your future, Pritchard to…er…help you in your retirement.”

“I could not possibly―” he said haughtily, but broke off when another note was tucked under his coat.

“Of course you could,” murmured Malvern with a smile.

“I have been asked specifically not to admit you, your grace.”

The Duke silently pulled another note from his pocket book.

He was considerably lighter in the purse when the guardians of her ladyship’s fortress eventually stepped aside, and he ran lightly up the staircase, a look of determination upon his features. Everyone had their price, he thought with grim satisfaction.

He found the bedchamber door and threw it open.

Lady Louisa sat by the empty fire, in a travelling dress of violet silk, embellished with military style frogging and a hat set at an angle over her blonde curls. She was evidently upon the point of departure as she was pulling on her gloves. She looked up as he entered the room and gasped faintly.

“No,” she whispered as he locked the door, fearing a repetition of what had happened the week before.

He took a step towards her, “Louisa―”

She raised her chin, forcing steel into her spine and summoned a cold voice her old governess would have been proud of. “What are you doing here? Have I not made my feelings perfectly clear―?”

“I must speak with you. Immediately.”

“Please leave,” she replied icily. “My aunt will be here at any moment.”

He took another few steps towards her as she struggled out of her chair, reaching for the mantel piece to steady herself. “Don’t come any closer,” she said, knowing that if he tried to touch her, her will would crumble, knowing that she was unable to resist that wild passionate side of him now she had experienced it.

He frowned as he watched her limp across the floor. “What is the matter with your leg?”

“I sprained my stupid ankle yesterday,” she said crossly, “although what business it is of yours, I know not.”

“Is it swollen?”

“Of course it is swollen,” she snapped.

“Should you be travelling in such a condition?”

She rolled her eyes. “I have twisted my ankle; that is all. I am hardly at death’s door.”

She struggled, half hopping, half hauling herself along, using the mantel piece as a crutch.

“How are you going to get down the stairs?” he demanded.

“Slowly,” she replied flippantly. “Will you please go?”

“Not until I have said what I wish to say.”

“I do not wish to hear it,” she said coldly.

There was a footstep in the hall and then someone noisily tried the door.

“Oh.” Lady Garbey’s surprised and muffled voice could be heard from the other side of the portal. “The door is locked…how strange… Louisa? Are you in there?”

“Open the door,” Lady Louisa commanded him quietly.

The Duke came towards her, an expression of barely concealed frustration on his face. “How much longer are you going to pretend to ignore me?” he demanded.

“Pretend?” she repeated, colouring.

“We both know you are punishing me and that’s fine; I deserve it, but you cannot ignore me forever.”

There was a knock on the door. “Louisa, my love? Why is the door locked?” called her ladyship through the painted wood panelling.

Louisa’s eyes met those of the gentleman. “Open the door, if you please.”

“Not until you agree to speak to me.”

Tap. Tap. Tap. “Louisa? Are you quite well?” asked Aunt Garbey. “Shall I call Dr Reece again?” Tap. Tap. Tap.

Louisa tore her eyes away from his dark chocolate-brown gaze, which seemed to immerse her in feelings of heat and stifling tension and a need to have him as close to her as a second skin.

Tap-tap. “Louisa? My love? Have you fallen? I’ll fetch Pritchard and have one of the ostlers break down the door. Don’t move. Pritchard? Pritchard! There you are. Please have one of the servants break down the door. Lady Louisa is taken ill.”

The Duke rolled his eyes and hastily moved to the door and unlocked it.

“Malvern!” gasped Lady Garbey when the door was open, looking curiously from the angry, frustrated face of the Duke to the stiff, haughty features of her niece. “How good of you to come and say goodbye to Louisa,” said her ladyship, watching her niece colour up and look away.

The Duke struggled to hide his irritation but his good breeding came to his rescue and he found a semblance of his manners from somewhere. “Lady Garbey,” he murmured, bowing with less than his usual grace, “I trust I find you well?”

“Very well, I thank you,” she replied with a bright smile, “although the same cannot be said for Louisa. She stumbled on a cobblestone and her foot has quite ballooned up. In fact you should be seated, my dear, remember what the physician said? You are to rest it as much as possible.”

“I have been resting it,” retorted the young lady.

“Well rest it some more. Sit down, child.”

“The carriage is waiting for us,” replied Lady Louisa, hobbling across the room. “Goodbye, Aunt.”

“Yes, yes, but how determined you are to leave. Can you not stay another few days? It really is very pretty here and I have never been to Worcestershire before. I am sure your father would not miss you for another week. And then Emma and I could come with you all the way to Haymarsh for I must say that I don’t like the idea of you travelling home all that way on your own.”

“I am not on my own,” said Louisa. “I will have my maid―”

“Yes, but that is just what I cannot approve of. A gentleman escort is what you need and I do not think Nicholas counts for he is only a boy, you know.”

“I will be there in no more than a day’s travel,” said Louisa. “How you do fuss, Aunt. I hardly think I need trouble any of the gentlemen of our acquaintance with such a tedious task as shepherding me back to Hampshire.”

The Duke’s eyes rested upon her lovely face. “I would be honoured to escort you, my lady.”

She blushed but did not look at him. “I am grateful for your kind offer, but really, there is no need. I am well used to junketing about the wilds of Hampshire on my own and indeed have been doing so all my life.” She bent down to kiss her aunt’s powdered cheek. “Goodbye, dear Aunt. I will write very soon.”

“Are you truly going then?” asked Lady Garbey, looking imploringly at her niece.

“I think I have been long enough away from home. My mother writes me to return, and indeed I think I have had more than enough of Worcestershire and its ways.” She cast a swift look at the Duke as she made this last remark.

“May I escort you to your carriage then?” asked Malvern.

She inclined her head. “You may have the time in which it takes me to hobble to my carriage.”

The Duke, expecting another refusal, was surprised and considerably thrown at being granted such a short space of time with her. He knew not where to begin to broach the subject that weighed so heavily on his mind. But she was walking, well hobbling, away from him and his time was running out like sand through an hour glass.

She had reached the door by now, grimacing as she balanced her weight momentarily on her sore ankle.

“You should not be walking on that foot,” he said softly behind her.

“You are wasting your opportunity, my lord Duke; I am already in the hallway.”

He caught her elbow and held it fast. “Come into the parlour with me,” he murmured under his breath, “I cannot say what I wish to here, in front of the servants and your aunt.”

“There is nothing you can possibly say that I wish to hear,” she replied stiffly, reaching for the balustrade and wincing heavily as her weight came fully upon her ankle.

“You are in pain. Let me carry you.”

She gasped, frightened of his touch as if he were contagious or somehow would do harm to her person. “No!”

“You can barely walk on that foot. Let me carry you to your carriage if you are so determined to travel today.”

“I am not so lost to all propriety as to let you carry me, despite what you may think of me―Malvern, don’t come any closer.” She thrust out a hand to ward him off but he took no notice of her protests. “I don’t wish you to carry me. I have no wish to be made fodder for the gossips―Malvern, don’t you dare―“

But the Duke had taken matters into his own hands. Muttering a curse about stubborn women, he closed the distance between them and swept her up into his arms.

“You are wincing with every step you take,” he admonished gently. “If you fall down the stairs and break your silly neck it will serve you right, but I would never forgive myself.”

“Put me down this minute!” she commanded, a wave of heat sweeping over her face as she encountered the startled look of Lady Garbey and the fascinated stares of Mr Pritchard’s servants. She turned her face away, aware that the Duke was looking down at her with an expression she had last seen when he had all but seduced her.

“Put your arms around my neck,” he said carrying her down the stairs.

“No,” she mumbled against his shoulder, sounding like a cross and petulant child.

He laughed softly. “I don’t want to drop you, now put your arms around my neck,” he repeated.

She did as she was told, but more from a sense of self preservation than ardour, and the Duke of Malvern tightened his arms protectively around her. The bottom of the staircase was gained all too quickly for him, and he carried her out into the yard and only released her at the open door of the post chaise. He assisted her inside the vehicle and before she knew what he was about, had jumped in behind her and closed the door on the startled maid. He took the seat opposite her and pulled down the shutter at the window, providing them with some degree of privacy.

Louisa gasped. “What exactly do you think you are doing?” she demanded, extremely put out by his high-handed ways.

“I wish to speak privately with you and this seems to be the only way for me to achieve it,” he replied calmly. “You have refused to see me and barred my admittance. What else was I to do?”

“Please get out of this carriage at once,” she demanded.

He shook his head. “Not until I have said what I came here to say. I wish to apologise for my behaviour. It was unforgivable of me to treat you the way I did.”

She turned her face away, embarrassed. His words brought a flush to her cheeks and with it the pain of the memory of her own foolishness, of her own willingness to let him do what he wanted to her and damn the consequences. “You humiliated me,” she said quietly.

He shifted uncomfortably. “Yes.”

“You shamed me.”

“I know and I’m sorry.” He fell silent and gazed in abject misery at her beautiful face, seeing the hurt play out across her features.

“You made me feel like one of those women who…who…seduce men,” she said haltingly.

He bit his lip. “I’m sorry. Forgive me.”

“You might not have taken my innocence from me, but you took my trust. I trusted you completely and you abused it.”

“I’m truly sorry,” he whispered, leaning forward in his seat. “I was angry and hurt.”

“So you set out to punish me by making me feel like a…a…trollop?” she demanded, turning her wounded eyes upon him. “You made me ashamed to feel desire and ashamed of my wish to be desired. You made me feel embarrassed to have a woman’s natural feelings. You set out to punish me and you succeeded well in your aim, for no other man could shame me as you have.”

There was a painful silence.

“Please, Louisa, tell me I am forgiven,” he begged, his dark eyes intent upon her face.

“Never,” she said, tears rolling down her cheeks. “I never want to see you again.”

“You don’t mean that.”

“I do. I do mean it.”

“But you can’t. I love you.”

She was startled. Her eyes flew to his in shock. “I beg your pardon?”

“I love you to distraction. You know I do.”

She stared at him, completely in a daze, her mouth unable to speak the words to express her amazement.

“When Sophie married Henry Trent, against your father’s wishes, against our families’ expectations,” he continued, “I could hardly believe my luck. Suddenly I had become free of my obligations. Suddenly I was free to choose the woman I wanted. I knew that I had an opportunity to finally make you mine after all these years.”

“I don’t believe you,” she whispered.

“Don’t you?” he asked with a doubtful smile. “Are you still so naïve, my sweet Louisa? Can you not see what everyone else has known for years?”

She gaped at him. “Is it true?”

“You know it is. Why else do you think you have you always been able to run rings around me?”

“But you hardly ever noticed me,” she blurted.

He shook his head. “Not true.”

“You tell me to sit up straight and tidy my hair and not to slouch. You criticised me just at those moments when all I wanted was for you to notice me.”

He smiled ruefully. “I was trying to convince myself that you were nothing more to me than a younger sister. Sadly, I failed miserably in my aim and I couldn’t help but admit to myself that I wanted you by my side for the rest of my life.”

“Malvern, truly, do not jest with me―”

“This is no jest.”

“But you think me naive and immature.”

“I think you adorable.”

She gaped at him. “But I am not clever at all.”

“You do yourself a disservice by pretending to be only interested in shopping and Gothic novels but I know you better than that.”

“But I am interested in them,” she admitted.

“I know you are. And so am I. But there is much more to both of us than our public personas suggest.”

“But…but you can have anyone you want…and you want me?”

He nodded, smiling tenderly at her. “I have wanted you for years; since the night of your first ball, do you remember? You wore a white gown and blue ribbons in your hair and you looked like an angel sent from heaven. You were so damned beautiful and I could hardly believe that the girl I had known all my life had blossomed into such a bewitching creature. I ached to hold you. I don’t think you ever realised what you did to me, how when you smiled at me, my heart skipped a beat. I don’t think it entered your mind that I longed to take you into my arms and kiss you and claim you as my own. But you did not notice me. You were the belle of the season, the new Incomparable and you had all of London at your feet. I was nothing more to you than your big brother, to escort you and defend you against your unwanted beau. You gave your hand to me in some dance or other, and I could hardly speak for the pleasure of touching you, however innocently. Every touch of your hand on mine, every time our eyes met as you danced in my arms, I became more deeply ensnared. Every time you looked at me, or rather look through me as if I was part of the furniture, was torture.” He laughed, but it was a bitter sound. “Had you no notion? Are you really so blind, Louisa?”

“You’re in love with me?” she breathed.

He leaned forward, his earnest eyes upon her face. “Completely. Desperately.”

“Oh,” she said faintly, trying to assimilate this newfound knowledge.

“So…am I forgiven?” he asked softly.

A reluctant smile tugged at her mouth. “No.”

“Not even a little bit?” he coaxed.

She blushed coyly. “Not even the tiniest bit.”

“Oh dear,” he said, forlorn.

Her lips twitched. “What are you to do?”

“Well, there’s nothing for it then,” he responded. “The situation is desperate.”

“Most desperate,” she agreed.

The Duke sat perfectly still for a moment, and then he reached up and rapped on the roof of the carriage. The driver, taking this as a signal for departure, flicked his reins, the horses sprang into action and the equipage moved forward.

She turned her laughing eyes on him. “What are you doing?”

He shrugged, leaning against the squabs of the carriage with nonchalant ease. “Abducting you.”

She gasped, half laughing. “Malvern, you do not mean it. Take me back this minute.”

“Certainly I mean it,” he replied coolly.

“But where are you taking me?”

“I have absolutely no idea,” he admitted with bruising frankness.

“You are jesting with me. You would never behave so improperly.”

“I have turned over a new leaf. I have been advised that being a gentleman is not going to win me your heart. Women apparently prefer a scoundrel to a gentleman. Therefore, I have decided to become a scoundrel…well, for as long as I can keep up the pretence at any rate. Come here.”

“Malvern, please, take me back,” she said.

“I mean to start my new scandalous life by seducing you in this carriage―behaviour which I have to admit I have indulged in once before but a lifetime ago when I was eighteen, and I was rather foxed at the time. I think we may manage if you hitch up your skirts and straddle me.”

“Malvern, pray be serious.”

“I am being serious,” he said as his dark eyes held hers. “Come here,” he said again softly.

“Jasper, behave yourself.”

“I want to touch you.”

Her face flamed. “We can’t.”

“We can and we will. I have wanted to touch you for a very long time. But a gentleman, my love, does not admit to such base thoughts. A scoundrel though…a scoundrel is something different entirely.”

With these words, he moved across the carriage to her seat, positioning himself so that his thigh was intimately resting against hers.

Louisa turned her face away, hardly knowing where to look.

“Look at me,” he commanded.

She shook her head. His close proximity was stifling, the heat of him, the size of him made her feel small and vulnerable.

He laughed softly and put one finger under her chin, turning her face back towards him.

“Please Malvern,” she begged.

“Are you so frightened of me?” he asked, gently pulling the reticule from her hands.

“No―no,” she stammered.

“I’m very glad to hear it,” he murmured as he slipped one arm around her waist and drew her against him. “Now tell me, sweet Louisa, have you been able to put me out of your mind?”

“Easily,” she answered.

He raised an amused brow. “Truly? And you haven’t lain awake imagining me doing this?” he asked as he leaned forward and kissed her throat above the tight buttoned spencer she wore.

“Not in the least,” she replied.

“No?” he murmured, “then how about this?”

Louisa closed her eyes as his lips travelled up her neck to a highly sensitive spot under her left ear. She shivered with pleasure as a tingle of excitement rippled through her. “You overrate your attractions, my lord Duke,” she said but rather breathlessly.

“Do I?” he whispered. “Shall we put your theory to the test?”

“No,” she returned, her voice no louder than his. “I don’t wish to feel like that again.”

“Like what?” he murmured.

“Hot…and tingly and aching in places I thought I could not ache…and…”

His lips twitched. “Frustrated?” he suggested.

She reddened. “Yes. You walked away and left me…” she said, staring at her hands, “like…like that…when I was so…so desperate for the end that I wanted to scream.”

The Duke wanted to smile at the admission but did not. “My poor darling,” he said soothingly.

“You knew it, too, and you left me―oh…what did you call me?”

“My darling,” he repeated, “for that is what you are; my precious darling girl.”

“Oh,” she said, blinking.

“And if you marry me, I’ll take you to the end, over and over again. I’ll show you what’s there, I promise. And it will be wonderful.”

“You called me your darling,” she said in wonder.

He laughed softly and pulled her onto his lap and into his arms.

“Jasper!” she cried, outraged at this behaviour and blushed rosily.

“Yes, my love?” he replied setting her weight on his thighs and wrapping his arms around her.

“You…you are not seriously going to become a scoundrel are you?”

“Why?” he asked, gazing fondly down at her. “Do you not think such a role would suit me?”

“Not in the least,” she said, laying her head against his shoulder.

“Oh well that is disappointing to be sure. Just when I had begun to think I might like it very much indeed; seducing beautiful women has a certain appeal, you know.”

“But I don’t want the scoundrel,” she whispered, her lips inches from his jaw.

He froze in mock horror, his eyes fixed upon her face and a smile tugging at his mouth. “You don’t want the scoundrel?”

She shook her head.

“You want the dull, staid Malvern who bores you to death with talking of architecture and fossils and burial mounds? The amiable gentleman who would much rather take your virginity in wedlock in a comfortable bed than a draughty carriage―?”

She silenced him with her mouth, locking her eager lips to his, finally tired of the game they were playing. Malvern was a most eager recipient of her kisses and a moment later, all pretence and humour was gone and he gave himself up to the joy of having her in his arms once again.

Malvern lifted his head and took her face tenderly in his hands. “Is it true?” he asked as his eyes searched her face.

She nodded eagerly.

“Then tell me. I want to hear you say it,” he whispered hoarsely.

“I love you—” she broke off as he kissed her again, crushing her to him, his arms holding her as if he would never let her go.

“I’m so sorry for all those things I said,” she said when she was able.

“Hush now, they don’t matter anymore,” he said as he smoothed her hair away from her face.

“I have made such a mull of it all.”

“Yes, darling, you have,” he agreed, kissing her once again.

“Jasper!” she cried.

He laughed and kissed her nose. “I thought you would never come to your senses.”

“I thought you didn’t want me anymore.”

“Darling idiot.”

“Well you were so enamoured of Miss Thomas and her pillows―”

“Her what?”

“It’s what Nicky calls them. He said her bosoms were―”

“What an endless source of profanity that boy is!” marvelled the Duke.

“But why did you choose her, Jasper? She is horrid and catty and looks down her nose at everyone.”

“I did not choose her. She chose me. And after you had turned me down I didn’t much care who I married.”

“Oh.”

“Yes,” he said, pulling her close in his arms once again. “Now if you don’t agree to be my wife this instant―”

“Oh yes, Malvern! A thousand times yes!”





Chapter 15




Louisa was in a strange room.

She blinked and stared at the ceiling, confused. Was she dreaming? She closed her eyes, opened them again and stared at the ceiling anew. No, it still appeared to be an unfamiliar room, with the solitary crack running north to south across the plaster.

She became aware of three things—a warm tickling sensation against her forehead, a dead weight across her chest and a heartbeat sounding under her ear.

The soft tickling against her forehead, she realised was a regular little puff of air, and it teased the fine, almost invisible hairs on her face. She turned her head, confused and suddenly all became clear.

She was lying on a man’s chest―his bare chest at that―and a face, softened by sleep was inches from hers, the tickling she felt was his breath on her forehead. His dark hair was like ink against her pillow, the heavy pressure across her chest was his arm, flung around her protectively like a harbour wall. The breath caught in her throat.

The Duke of Malvern was in her bedchamber.

She swore under her breath and must have voiced her obscenity aloud as she heard an answering groan from the bed beside her. Was he awake? She couldn’t tell. His eyes were still closed. She felt him move his arm downwards, and settled diagonally across her waist and hips. He sighed and was silent.

She shifted away from him towards the edge of the mattress, forcing his arm to drop away. The new expanse of sheet was cool under her skin and she resented having to move from her warm patch. “Exactly how much of this bed do you want?”

He groaned again.

“Your grace?”

No response.

“Malvern?”

He stirred, groaned and finally opened his eyes, blinked a couple of times and stared up at the ceiling.

“Are you awake?” she demanded.

“No.”

“What are you doing in here?”

He yawned loudly, stretched and reached for her, bringing her body back against his. “Sleeping, or at least trying to.”

“You’re in my bed,” she pointed out the obvious, a steadying hand against his chest.

His brown eyes held hers. “I’m your husband, where else would I be?”

There was a silence.

“My husband?” she repeated. My husband, she said again in her mind, savouring the import of what that meant. “I thought I had dreamed it all. It doesn’t seem real.”

“That’s because you drank too much champagne last night, your grace,” he murmured.

She raised herself up on her elbow to look at him, half laughing. “I did not drink too much champagne.”

“You were flirting outrageously with the landlord of this very respectable inn. He thought he’d died and gone to heaven.”

She laughed and the sheet fell away from her bosom; she was wearing a very indecent negligee. Self-consciously, she pulled the sheet back up again.

“Did you undress me?” she asked with a heightened colour.

“Well, I wasn’t going to let the landlord do it, was I?”

“You mean that you…I mean you…did you really?”

He laughed softly. “Of course I didn’t. I’m not so debauched that I would take advantage of a semi-conscious woman―even if she is my wife. Besides, I am saving myself for our wedding night.”

She blushed. “Last night was our wedding night.”

“Well technically it was, I’ll agree. But I refer you to my previous statement about too much champagne.”

She lowered her eyes. “Who undressed me then?”

“Your maid, silly, who else?” he said, kissing her nose.

“Was I very drunk?”

“Very. I brought you back here―held you in my arms all the way here. It was heaven.”

“Your grace, if you will not be sensible―”

“Then you slept with your head upon my chest and it was all I could do to remember that I was a gentleman―”

“That would be a momentous day,” she retorted, laying her head down once more against his bare shoulder, the warm taste of his skin against her lips.

“I am a gentleman, no matter how much I may wish sometimes that I were not. Especially when the woman of my dreams presses herself against me in a most familiar way―”

She gasped. “I did not.”

“Most familiar,” he reiterated, kissing the top of her head, “the whole of your west wing was pressed against my portico.”

She burst out laughing. “Your portico?”

His lips twitched. “Precisely. You see now the gravity of the situation. A man already on the edge of what he could bear has to deal with buttresses in places they have no business being. I rather marvel at my self control.”

“We did not…I mean, you didn’t…?”

“No, although I will admit to being strongly tempted. Spending the night in the arms of the woman I love and not even being able to kiss her was a sore trial indeed. A situation which needs rectifying immediately,” he said and captured her lips with his own for a long delicious moment.

She giggled and rolled off him.

“Where are you going?” he complained.

She smiled and swung her legs over the side of the bed, her nightshift slipping back down her thighs. “I want to look out of the window.”

The room was lit with muted sunshine and she walked towards the window and pulled the drapes apart wide enough for her to see outside. The cathedral spires were silhouetted against the sky, cold and blue and bathed in wintry sunshine. The Duke and his new Duchess were journeying to the coast to begin their tour. She leaned forwards to better see the view, unconsciously silhouetting her body against the window and giving her husband a provocative view of her derrière.

She heard a groan from the bed and turned towards it. “What’s the matter?”

“Come here.”

She dimpled and blushed. “No.”

“Louisa, come here.”

She laughed at the almost desperate note in his voice. “When did you know? That you loved me, I mean?”

“Do we have to do this now?” he complained.

“I want to know.”

“I have needs, you know. And four years of waiting has made me very, very needy.”

She blushed and laughed.

“Is that negligee you are almost wearing, for me?” he asked, throwing back the covers and coming to her side.

“It is,” she murmured. “And it is very thin. And the laces at the neck don’t keep it in place. All it needs is for one to catch the hem in something and it slides off my shoulders.”

He raised a brow. “Really? How interesting,” he observed twisting his fist in the skirts of the nightgown and gently tugging.

She dimpled and blushed adorably as the laces popped and the material slid off one shoulder. Her breasts strained against the edge of the fabric for one long tortuous moment and then burst free, her nipples already erect. He groaned and brushed the nightgown down her arms, over the slender curve of her waist and down to the floor, revealing to him that which he had dreamed of. He reached out a hand and touched her waist and sliding it around her back where it cupped her bottom.

“Do you not like my night attire, my lord Duke?” she teased.

“I think you know the answer to that,” he answered as his hand came up to caress the small of her back. He pulled her against him and the shock of her breasts naked against his chest had a profound effect on both of them. Their eyes met, wildly intense and darkened by the knowledge of what would follow.

“Darling Louisa,” he whispered, “do you know what you do to me?”

She smiled and shyly placed her hand against his ribs, the smooth, warm skin flinching at her touch. She trailed her fingers across his flat belly and then followed the dark line of hairs that directed her downwards, exploring his body, claiming every inch of him as hers. She heard him suck in his breath as he realised where her hand was headed and his body tensed in anticipation of the moment when she would find him and take him into her hand.

His lips came down hard on hers then, wanting to give something back to her as she was giving something to him. He slipped his tongue inside her mouth; her nipples grazed his chest, teasing both of them. And as his tongue found hers and entwined in a deeply erotic dance, her curious hand found the hard heat of him and stroked the length from root to tip. He closed his eyes and moaned against her lips as his hand closed over hers, teaching her how to touch him. She took the cue and increased the pressure of her hand, squeezing and pulling him and then driving him wild with a tiny flick to the tip.

He felt a surge of pleasure between his legs and almost came then and there like an inexperienced boy. With a savage laugh, he hastily thrust her hand away from him.

“Darling, stop,” he said raggedly in her ear. “I can’t take any more.”

“Am I doing something wrong?” she asked, concerned she was hurting him.

“No,” he said laughing and groaning. “It’s too damn good―that’s the trouble.”

“I don’t understand.”

“How to explain it? You’re setting the firework off before the…ah… audience has arrived,” he said, looking down at her with tender amusement.

“Oh,” she said, blinking up at him and looking so adorable that he kissed her again.

“And now, wife, it’s your turn.”

She smiled shyly up at him. “My turn?”

He nodded slowly. “Close your eyes.”

She laughed nervously. “Why? What are you going to do to me?”

“Trust me. Close your eyes and let your mind float away.”

She did as she was told and waited for a moment in breathless anticipation for it all to begin. She heard him move behind her and still he made her wait. Then a finger pulled her hair away from her neck and laid it over her shoulder.

“Jasper?” she asked uncertainly.

“Hush. Relax, I’m here.”

He placed his lips against her shoulder, a tiny butterfly kiss that barely touched. And then another and another and slowly, incredibly slowly, his lips traced along the gentle ridge of her shoulder, up to the base of her neck, teasing the fine sensitive hairs as he went, kissing the back of her neck until he found a spot beneath her right ear and felt her body shudder in response to his touch. He smiled and kissed that spot again and again; teasing and tickling until she leaned back against him. His hands came up then gently stroking the skin of her back, her shoulders, and the curve of her bottom. Then his hands slipped around her waist and up towards her breasts. She moved against him, desperate for his touch, but again he made her wait, caressing the planes of her stomach and the valley of her cleavage. Finally his fingers swept around her breasts in slow circles, never straying inwards to the spot where she most craved his touch. By the time his fingers finally came to her nipples, she was on fire for him, desperate for his touch everywhere. His hands cupped the fullness of her breasts, gently squeezing and kneading, grazing her nipples with his palms. He turned her in his arms, dipping his mouth to her breast, and took one hard nipple into his mouth, sucking at it and swirling his tongue around the sensitised tip. She groaned, her breasts tingling with excitement, and she felt hot liquid pooling between her legs.

She smiled as he swept her up into his arms and carried her over to the bed.

“Are you finally going to seduce me now?” she asked, and her husband did not miss the hopeful note in her voice.

He looked down at her in tender amusement. “That, my Duchess, if you don’t mind me saying so, is a very silly question.”

He laid her down on the bed and then joined her there, his hands gently parting her thighs. He kissed her as his finger slid into the wet warmth of her and she arched off the bed with a moan.

“Louisa, you’re incredible,” he whispered.

She smiled and closed her eyes, widening her legs as his fingers expertly teased her flesh, and she would have cheerfully murdered anyone who interrupted them at that moment. His thumb darted and flicked at her tiny button and her fists tangled in the sheets above her head. His mouth closed once more over her nipple, licking and sucking and she felt an aching void appear between her legs that simple must be filled or she would go mad.

“Jasper,” she groaned.

His grace, otherwise engaged, did not answer her.

“Jasper, please…now.”

“I want to touch all of you.”

“No…come here…please.”

He hastily climbed on top of her, his own need now so intense he did not think he could last much longer. Gently lowering his hips between her legs, he slid himself inside her an inch at a time, and it was almost too much for him; it was too delicious.

She gasped as she accommodated every inch of him. Their eyes met as he fully sheathed himself inside her.

“Are you alright?”

She nodded and smiled against the pain.

“Am I hurting you?”

“A little.”

“It’s only the first time,” he whispered.

“I know.”

“Do you want me to stop?”

“No,” she said. “I want you to take me to the end.”

He gave a ragged laugh. “All good things come to those who wait.”

“Jasper, I swear I will kill you―”

He laughed again and moved himself back until the tip of him was nearly out of her, his fingers slipped between her thighs and he took a nipple once more into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue.

“Jasper,” she moaned.

He smiled and entered her again and closed his eyes at the sheer pleasure of it. He wanted to savour every moment, he wanted to make it last forever. He had waited so damn long for this moment and he wanted it to be perfect.

“I love you,” she whispered as he began to move, slowly, incredibly slowly as if stroking her flesh with his own.

“I love you too,” he muttered and he thrust into her as hard as he dared, but she seemed to want it and he thrust again, both of them breathing hard, panting with exertion and the will to hold on just that minute longer until neither of them could take it anymore and ecstasy took over. He cried out as his release came and she held his shuddering body as his buttocks flexed under her hands, spewing his seed into her.

In the aftermath they lay joined still at the hips, laughing in wonder at what had just passed between them, kissing gently and looking into each other’s eyes.

“My God,” he breathed in awe and she laughed in delight.

“Are you feeling quite well, my lord Duke?” she asked, amused, laying on his chest.

“I am now.”

She blushed and laughed. “Did you enjoy yourself?”

“What do you think?” he murmured.

“Well I would have thought a man of your experience would set no store by the inexperienced caresses of an innocent.”

“My Duchess may be inexperienced but she’s wonderfully inventive. And a very quick learner.”

The new Duchess of Malvern blushed and laid her head down upon his shoulder.

“Happy?” he asked.

She sighed contentedly. “Happy. What shall we do today?” she asked, playing with the patch of hair on his chest.

“What would you like to do today?” he countered looking up at her.

“We could look around the cathedral,” she suggested.

“We could.”

“Or we could take a picnic down to the river.”

“In that rain?”

“A bit wet, do you think?”

“Certainly a bit wet.”

“Oh…or we could go for a walk. The meadows looked glorious from the carriage window yesterday.”

“Yes.”

“Or I am sure we can find some old ruins for you, your grace.”

“Strangely, ruins hold little appeal for me today.”

She looked at him, sensing he was less than enthusiastic about her plans. “What would you suggest then?”

“Well,” he said, wrapping his arms around her and kissing the top of her head, “we have champagne, a cosy room with a fine view. I suggest we order lunch and stay right here.”

“Here?”

“Right here.”

She blushed. “In bed?”

“Absolutely.”

“All day?”

“Certainly all day.”

“But what will the servants think? And the landlord?”

“I don’t give a tinker’s damn what they think.”

“But it’s…I mean…what will we do?”

Their eyes met for a long moment. She read the message there and she laughed.

“Again?” she asked, blushing.

“Why, do you think I need a rest?” he asked softly, his eyes alight with laughter.

“Well for a man so stricken in years, as you are…” she said, a smile tugging at her lips.

He raised one dark brow in amusement. “Stricken in years, am I?”

“I wouldn’t wish to wear you out, not until we have an heir at least…”

She squealed as he swiftly rolled them both over on the bed so that he was lying on top of her, pinning her hands to the bed above her shoulders and letting her feel the strength in those muscular arms.

“An heir, did you say?” he asked, looking down at her with tender amusement.

“Yes,” she replied laughing.

“And how does one acquire one of those?”

“Let go of my hands, your grace, and I’ll show you,” whispered the Duchess.





Coming Soon from Norma Darcy




THE BLUESTOCKING AND THE RAKE

– A sparkling regency historical romance



The Earl of Marcham has decided to put the excesses of his colourful youth firmly behind him.



As he comes to the realisation that he must marry, a straitlaced spinster releases a morality pamphlet exposing yet more of his misdemeanours. The Earl decides that the most appropriate way to avenge himself, is to seduce her…



Miss Georgiana Blakelow has long ago given up the hope of marriage. She has resigned herself to a life of companion to one or other of her sisters and of trying to save the family estate from ruin.



As the sparks fly and Marcham finds himself unexpectedly attracted to the spinster, Miss Blakelow becomes more determined than ever to keep him at a safe distance. And the Earl discovers that his bluestocking is not all that she seems…



* * *



Find out more about me at www.myhistoricalromance.com

or www.facebook.com/historicalregencyromance





