Table of Contents



About Holly Newman



About Diane Stuckart



About Denise Domning



Leave A Review for Regency Rebels



Copyrights





TABLE OF CONTENTS


START READING





ALMOST PERFECT COVER


COPYRIGHT, ALMOST PERFECT


PRAISE, ALMOST PERFECT


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER ONE, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWO, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER THREE, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER FOUR, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER FIVE, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER SIX, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER SEVEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER EIGHT, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER NINE, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER ELEVEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWELVE, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER THIRTEEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER FOURTEEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER FIFTEEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER SIXTEEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER NINETEEN, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWENTY, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR, ALMOST PERFECT


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE, ALMOST PERFECT


A NOTE FROM DENISE





HONOR'S PLAYERS COVER


COPYRIGHT, HONOR'S PLAYERS


EPIGRAPH, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER ONE, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER TWO, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER THREE, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER FOUR, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER FIVE, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER SIX, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER SEVEN, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER EIGHT, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER NINE, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER TEN, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER ELEVEN, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER TWELVE, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER THIRTEEN, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER FOURTEEN, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER FIFTEEN, HONOR'S PLAYERS


CHAPTER SIXTEEN, HONOR'S PLAYERS


A NOTE FROM HOLLY





ROSES AT MIDNIGHT COVER


COPYRIGHT, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


PRAISE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


EPIGRAPH, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER ONE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWO, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER THREE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER FOUR, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER FIVE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER SIX, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER SEVEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER EIGHT, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER NINE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER ELEVEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWELVE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER THIRTEEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER FOURTEEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER FIFTEEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER SIXTEEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER NINETEEN, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWENTY, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


EPILOGUE, ROSES AT MIDNIGHT


A NOTE FROM DIANE


OTHER BOOKS


COPYRIGHT


TABLE OF CONTENTS





This is a work of fiction; everyone in the book is created out of whole cloth (although I did my best to portray them and their times as accurately as possible).

Almost Perfect



copyright(©) Denise Domning 2003, 2012



All right reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any way.

Cover art and graphics by ADKDesigns.biz





Praise for Almost Perfect


"Almost Perfect proves as engaging and satisfying as Denise Domning's Medieval romances. I hope that this will not be the last book, or the last romance, from this very talented author."

---Sondrea Cash, Romance Reviews Today



"Whether writing Medieval, Elizabethan, or, now, Regency England and Scotland, [Ms. Domning] will capture the reader's attention from first page to last."

---Carla Arpin, Book Reviewer





First, I want to thank Lucia Macro for suggesting I try this new time period. Who knew the Regency could be so fun? I'd also like to thank Erika Tsang for her enthusiasm. It's priceless. Mostly, I need to thank Joan Domning, Holly Thompson (aka Holly Newman) and Alison Hentges (aka Georgina Devon). Without your input this book could never have been written.





"Eliza, it's come," Cassandra Marston called to her sister as she shut the door on the stench and heat of London in late July, cutting off mid-word the cries of a street vendor shouting about the quality of his apples.

Her call echoed eerily in their almost empty townhouse. The last of their servants had left yesterday, giving up their positions with nothing more than Cassie's promise to someday pay their back wages. Most of the furniture had been sold and their closets, emptied. Yesterday, she and Eliza had packed the few items they'd retained in a single trunk, which their departing footman had kindly stowed in their ancient coach for them before leaving.

As she waited for her sister's response Cassie tore open Aunt Philana's package. Inside was a soft leather pouch that clinked nicely when Cassie shifted it and a single square of fine card stock. She gratefully tucked the precious purse into the pocket of her lavender pelisse, then lifted out the formal invitation from Ryecroft Castle and its master. This she held out before her as Eliza came clattering down the stairs.

Eight years younger than Cassie's five and twenty, Elizabeth Conningsby bounded off the final step and into the foyer, her golden curls bouncing and her summer bonnet swinging from her gloved fingers by its ribbons. Like Cassie, she was dressed for traveling. Unbuttoned against the heat, her dark blue pelisse flew open to reveal Eliza's most comfortable dress, a blue-sprigged muslin decorated only with a blue ribbon along its high waistline. It was the twin to Cassie's attire.

Smiling, Cassie showed her the invitation and the coat of arms it bore.

Eliza laughed, her smile glorious and just like Cassie's in its lush bend. Their mother, dead these two years, had passed her beauty—golden hair, brown eyes and well-made, even features—to both her daughters.

"I cannot believe it! We are really attending an earl's house party," she cried in pleasure and relief. "I couldn't bear the thought of making that long ride north without any certainty that at its end we'd be included or even welcome. By the by, I've been watching from the back window. The lad has just finished with the harnesses. We can leave whenever you're ready to wake Papa."

Sir Roland Conningsby had returned this morn at quarter past eight, roused his daughters and demanded they prepare immediately to leave London, something they hadn't planned to do until the morrow. After making his pronouncement their father had donned his own unique traveling attire: a coachman's dark maroon jacket, fawn breeches and brown boots; Roland considered himself a great whip and intended to serve as their coachman on their trip to Scotland, which was fine with Cassie for that meant forgoing the cost of a hired driver. After that, he'd retired to the drawing room and promptly fallen asleep, leaving the chore of readying their transport to his daughters. Hopelessly ignorant of harnesses and the like, Eliza had finally resolved the issue by begging their neighbor's servant to do the task for them. As always, her pretty ways won her his compliance.

The drawing room door to the right of them creaked open and their father peered out at them, blinking sleepily. "What's all the commotion?" he asked around a yawn, stepping into the entry hall, straightening his jacket before scrubbing at his eyes. The settee's patterned fabric had imprinted on one side of his round face. What little hair he had left stood up around his head in a tangled white halo. Dark rings hung beneath his eyes.

Cassie shot Eliza an unnecessary warning look. They had both agreed it was better if Roland knew nothing of their true destination. She smiled at their sire. "Only that we have finally received a letter from my aunt just in the nick of time," she told him.

Roland's eyes widened. "Time!" he yelped, then ducked into the drawing room where they kept their clock or more rightly now, their mortgage holder's clock.

He exploded back out into the foyer, his face ashen. "It's eleven! Didn't I tell you we had to leave before eleven?" he squawked.

"Papa," Cassie said, speaking to him as if he were a slow child, "it hardly matters what time you might want to leave. There's no going before the coach is ready and the lad had to finish his own chores before he could help us."

"I could have done it! You shouldn't have let me sleep!" Roland yelled at his eldest child.

His daughters both stared at him, shocked by his unexpected display of emotion. He had never before raised his voice to either of them.

Just then the front door knocker clanged, the deep brassy sound reverberating hollowly against the marble floor and newly bared walls of the foyer. Eliza shot Cassie a look of dismay that matched Cassie's. Neither of them could tolerate facing yet another of their father's endless, angry creditors.

Roland blanched. "We're not answering that," he whispered, then grabbed Eliza, giving her a push toward the stairs that led down to the house's service rooms and the alleyway door. "Go!" he hissed. Eliza stumbled toward the back of the foyer then pivoted toward Cassie in confusion.

At the door the latch rattled then, with a creak of the hinges, the door groaned open.

Cassie whirled in surprise and not a little annoyance. What sort of low-life entered someone's home without permission? She blinked in astonishment as Neville Mayne, Earl Bucksden, stepped into their foyer.

Like any good dandy he paused in the open doorway so the women might better appreciate his beauty. In his middle years Lord Bucksden was fit where Roland was fat. The earl was dressed for visiting in a long-tailed blue coat, pantaloons and a tall gray hat upon his head. Pomaded and brushed forward, wisps of black hair clung to his cheeks. His collar points were exalted, rising well above his jaw line, while his neckcloth was creased exactly so beneath his clean-shaven, dimpled chin.

The earl, smiling as if entering uninvited into homes was a common occurrence for him, closed the door behind him. Perhaps it was. Although Lord Bucksden presented himself as the handsome ideal, Cassie knew better. As a widow she was privy to all the darker gossip of the ton and the earl was no paragon. One rumor said so many high-born women had come to ruination in Bucksden's bed that the earl's bastards would one day sit at the head of a dozen ancient families. Lord Bucksden's skill at the card table had bankrupted many while his skill with weapons had ended the lives of three gentlemen.

"Mrs. Marston," the earl said to Cassie, sweeping his hat from his head then fixed Eliza with an overly bold gaze. "Miss Elizabeth."

From the corner of her eye Cassie saw her father flatten himself against the foyer wall and slither his way to the drawing room door. Coward! He'd done something and was trying to avoid the consequences. Perhaps a duel was too much to hope for?

Stewing in a resentment she ever fought to contain, Cassie took Eliza's hand and they followed their father into the drawing room. Neither of them offered Lord Bucksden so much as a word of greeting. An interloper, even a well born one, hardly warranted a welcome.

Their drawing room was the only room in the house that still had all its furnishings. Its gentle blue walls and draperies, a buff carpet and the comfortable settee were a testimony to Lady Conningsby's long rule over this household. The emptiness of the rest of the house testified to what had happened after her death freed her husband's purse from her iron control, a control Cassie had failed to duplicate. Cassie had sold what she could as she tried to meet their expenses but Roland's losses at the tables continued to mount. It had almost been a relief when her father's club had at last stopped extending him credit, and Cassie had to finally acknowledge that neither Sir Roland Conningsby nor his daughter could cover his debts.

Roland stood with his back to the draperies that covered the tall street windows. He was toying with a button on his waistcoat, something he only did when he was feeling guilty. As his daughters entered he opened his arms, his gesture suggesting he had protection to offer. Eliza hurried to his side. Cassie stopped in front of the large Wedgwood urn displayed on a pedestal near the hearth. She knew too well their father had no succor to offer.

Lord Bucksden halted beside her, again breaching all etiquette by entering their private chamber uninvited.

"Father, why is Lord Bucksden here?" Cassie asked, ignoring the nobleman.

"Why, to collect my winnings, Mrs. Marston," the earl replied for Roland.

Roland blanched, whitening so much that Cassie thought he might swoon. "I was in my cups, Bucksden. You can't possibly hold me to that ridiculous wager."

The earl cocked his head to an elegant angle. "Why should I not hold you to it, Conningsby? It was an honest wager made between two honest men. You proposed it, you gambled. You lost. Now I've come to collect."

He crooked his elbow in Eliza's direction. "Miss Elizabeth, if you would be so kind?"

Eliza gasped. Roland stepped between his youngest daughter and the earl. He thrust out his chest and spread his arms wide. "You cannot have her."

"What have you done?" Cassie demanded of Roland.

Lord Bucksden shot her a sidelong glance. "What he did, Mrs. Marston, was game with me. My stake was three thousand pounds, an amount he gave me to understand would resolve your present financial discomfort."

Cassie arched a brow at him. Three thousand was about a tenth of what they needed now that the house was gone, but she doubted her father knew that. "And what was my father's stake?"

"Why, he wagered your sister as my mistress." Bucksden smiled.

Cassie's knees weakened in horrified disbelief. Across the room Eliza opened her mouth as if to scream. No sound came forth. She dropped her bonnet. It bounced away from her as she sank to her knees and buried her face in her hands.

"You odious man," Cassie cried, not certain if she chided Lord Bucksden, her father or all the gamblers who had conspired to complicate her life. That list included her departed husband who, despite his sweetness, charm and religious prattle, had proved to be a closet wastrel.

"Unnecessary vitriol, Mrs. Marston," the handsome earl retorted smoothly. "You behave as if I intend your sister harm when pleasure's my purpose. Miss Elizabeth will have a far better life as my mistress than she can now expect as Sir Roland's daughter."

He smiled at the kneeling Eliza. "Sweet, beautiful creature," he crooned. "If only you weren't related to Sir Roland your beauty might tempt some man to overlook your impoverishment and offer for you. But no gentleman could ever tolerate a marriage that connects him to your foolish, penniless sot of a sire. The only one who'll have you now is a tradesman's son, but even one so low might consider long and hard before offering. Your bloodline won't open many doors these days."

Roland's face whitened even further at this, his eyes tearing. Cassie wondered if it was the first time he'd been forced to confront the opinion his peers and betters held of him.

Across the room Eliza lifted her head from her hands and looked at Cassie in despair. Desperate to save her sister Cassie stepped between Lord Bucksden and the rest of the room.

"I don't care what you and my father wagered last night my lord, you cannot have Eliza. Remove yourself from our house."

Steel glinted the earl's dark eyes. When Cassie didn't move, his eyes narrowed. Cassie thought she glimpsed the deep and dangerous rage the gossips said drove him to kill rather than wound his dueling opponents. His fists closed. It was an effective threat from a man with so powerful a form. Still, she held her ground. No gentleman would ever hit a woman.

Bucksden took a step toward her, his lip curling.

Would he?

The earl lifted his arm.

Cassie's certainty and courage failed both her. She shifted to the side, only to collide with the pedestal behind her. The urn wobbled. The invitation still clutched in her hand, she grabbed in instinctive reaction for the urn, steadying it on its base with one finger on its handle.

Lord Bucksden nodded in satisfaction. "Very wise of you, Mrs. Marston. Defy me, and I'll see to it that you and your sister wear nothing but rags for the remainder of your days." His warning stabbed through Cassie, all the more threatening because she knew he'd done the same to others.

"I'd rather wear rags than become your mistress," Eliza retorted, shaking off her shock to again find her heart. She rose to her feet. "I won't do this! I won't go with you."

The earl chuckled and dark pleasure filled his gaze as he looked at Eliza. "Feel free to resist with all your might, my dear. I like fiery women. Breaking your spirit will be the first of the many pleasures we shall share together."

He started toward Eliza, opening his fist to extend a now graceful hand. "Come now, it's time we left."

Eliza's bravado wavered. "Cassie," she pleaded, retreating until she stood against the windows behind her, her hands curled around the ledge.

Before Cassie knew what she intended, the urn was in her hands. She swung the heavy piece with all her might. It met the back of Lord Bucksden's skull with a most satisfying thud then exploded into pieces. The earl groaned and toppled. As he fell his head struck the edge of the small table standing between him and their settee. The table tilted as one leg broke, cartwheeled into the air as he fell into its place then landed, tabletop down, upon his back. And there it stayed, perfectly balanced on the still nobleman's prone form.

Silence thundered in the room, broken only by Eliza's ragged breathing and the faint sounds of street traffic from the lane below the windows. Roland stared aghast at Cassie.

Stunned at what she'd done, Cassie dropped the shattered remains of the urn's handle. She stared in horror at Lord Bucksden. He lay where he'd fallen, face down, his legs aspraddle, his arms at awkward angles. For all the world he looked like a marionette whose strings had been cut.

She clasped her hands. God help her! If she'd thought him cruel or dangerous before she hit him, he'd be twice as monstrous once he recovered from her assault. She waited for him to rise. One moment, then another moment passed. He didn't shift so much as a finger.

New worry tore through Cassie. She stepped to his side, the rustle of her pelisse and gown impossibly loud as they brushed the carpet. Pushing the table from his back, she leaned down to peer into his face. Lord Bucksden's eyes were closed and flat, his mouth slack. Beneath his head the carpet steadily darkened, stained by a slowly spreading pool of blood. She watched, but not a single loop of carpeting stirred near his nose and mouth.

Cassie's stomach wrenched. She'd twice before seen death, having tended both her mother and her husband as they passed. This is what they'd looked like after shuffling off their mortal coil.

She straightened to stare helplessly at her father. "I've murdered him," she whispered hoarsely.

"Egads," her father replied weakly as he fiddled in earnest with his snuff box then shoved it back into his waistcoat pocket. Cassie saw it in his face. He knew as well as she that she would hang for this.

Eliza hurried to Cassie's side and grabbed her hand. "Come! We must leave now before anyone discovers what's happened."

"There's nowhere for me to go," Cassie replied, her voice as cold as a winter lake. "Nor you," she told her sister. "Don't you see? I've destroyed you more completely than Lord Bucksden ever could. Oh Eliza, a moment ago you were just a wastrel's daughter." Roland winced. "Now you're a murderess's sister with no prospect except a lifetime's shame."

"Never," Eliza exclaimed. Pride and gratitude filled her gaze. "What you did, you did for love of me. Now, let's go."

Cassie only shook her head. "How? Where?"

Shaking free of Eliza's grasp she strode to the front window, knowing her family would follow, and pushed aside the drape. Standing in the street below was the earl's city phaeton with its spiderweb wheels. A short, ugly fellow held the horse's head. The jerk of Cassie's head indicated the earl's servant.

"His tiger will call the Bow Street Runners when he discovers what I've done to his master," she told them. "We can't elude them for long. Far better that I wait here to accept my fate as I must." She choked as she spoke these words, already feeling the noose about her neck.

Eliza yanked the curtain from Cassie's fingers and shook the drapery back into place. "That will not happen," she said, her mouth firm in determination. "Cassie, the Runners must first know where to look for us and they don't. No one knows we go north to your Aunt Forster's house."

"We're not going to my cousins in Brighton?" their father cried out, blinking in surprise.

Surprise melted into relief. "Clever girls," he told them as if they were well-trained dogs. Then he smiled, but it sat crookedly on his lips beneath his bloodshot blue eyes. "Now, we've not only got a hidden destination but a head start as well. The earl's man will think nothing of waiting an hour or more before considering anything has gone amiss."

His hopeful facade cracked. "That is, if his master said nothing to him of his purpose here."

"That's enough," Eliza said, her voice filled with command. "We leave now."

She grabbed Cassie by the arm and started across the room, pulling her sister after her, stooping to pick up her bonnet as she went. Roland followed, closing the drawing room door once they were out. Cassie flinched at the quiet snick of the latch. It was the sound of the hangman's hatch opening.

Eliza set the pace, creeping quietly down the back steps. Their kitchen was as dark as ever. With but a single window the room was always cast in shadow even at the brightest hour of the day, dulling its white walls and graying the white tile in the checkerboard marble floor. Only half the usual pots and pans hung from the racks, the rest having been sold to a tinker. Gone were the knives, given to Cook against what was owed her. The scullery sink was empty for once, every bowl now stacked beneath the large wooden table at the room's center. But a dusting of ashes filled the room's brick-lined fireplace.

"Wait," Roland whispered hoarsely as Eliza reached for the outer door's latch. Both girls turned to look at him. His shoulders were hunched and his head ducked as if expecting a blow. He patted his empty waistcoat pocket. "We will need something to fund our journey. I must stop at my solicitor's to make a draw."

Eliza gave a scornful huff as she wrapped a bracing arm around Cassie's waist. "I think not," she retorted even as Cassie shook her head in warning at her sister.

That brought Roland upright in a hurry. His brow creased in insulted surprise. "What do you mean?" he demanded.

Eliza glanced from sire to sister then gave a disgusted snort. "You and Mama! Shame on you both for coddling him so. You've allowed him to remain silly and irresponsible. It's time he knew."

She turned on their father. "Papa, you can't make a draw because you've bankrupted us. Have we ever emptied the house of furniture before leaving London after the Season? A few weeks ago a disreputable looking man tapped upon our door. He informed us that you had mortgaged this house to him shortly after Mama died. Since you have not paid him, he has foreclosed upon us. Let me say too that he very much enjoyed telling us he had never expected you to pay him and had always intended to take our home as his own," Eliza finished with a defiant upward jerk of her chin.

Cassie's heart ached as she again wallowed in the depth of her failure. She should have tried harder. How had her mother managed so well when all Cassie had been able to do was keep the lids on the boiling pots of Roland's catastrophes?

Roland's expression flattened at Eliza's bold speech. In that moment his usual faÃ§ade of nonchalance slipped, revealing a man who, while sensible to what he'd done to his family, could not generate the will to stop himself.

"It's all gone?" His words wore a touch of shame.

"It is," Cassie replied. Maybe Eliza was right. Perhaps she should have confronted him sooner.

His eyes filled. His chin quivered. "If that is so, then whatever shall we do?" It was a helpless plea.

As much as she hated it Cassie couldn't stop herself any more than her father could. She reclaimed her role as head of her family.

Stepping out of Eliza's embrace, she took her father's hand. "What else can we do but run?" she asked, and led her sire out of the kitchen door and into the alley beyond.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Holding back the ancient coach's leather window curtain, Cassie leaned out of the opening into a misty summer afternoon. She breathed in the scents of southern Scotland: rain, damp earth, sheep and coal smoke. Here along the border between Scotland and England the landscape alternated between long flat plains and twisting, undulating hills. Time and eons of cooking fires had stripped these low peaks of their trees, leaving them wearing only gray-green heather, prickly gorse and thick grass.

Roland snapped his whip, gave a joyous curse and drove their tired horses through a flock of complaining sheep. Inside the coach Cassie bounced. Roland was the only one enjoying Scotland's primitive road conditions. The deeper the ruts the bluer his curses became as he immersed himself into his role of coachman.

Baaing, bells ringing, the flock scattered away from their wheels. As they moved Cassie caught her first glimpse of the rolling stretch of manicured lawn that surrounded Ettrick House. Here and there, arranged in artful display, were the thriving remains of the exotic shrubs and trees—towering pines, glossy-leaved trees covered with fragrant white blossoms, thick-trunked nut trees and the like—whose propagation had been the life's work of Aunt Philana's beloved husband.

As Roland guided their coach onto the gravel drive the house itself appeared. Four storeys tall, it was built of gray stone and roofed in slate that gleamed like silver in the day's watery light. Tall and paned, three rows of windows marched in formation across its forward face, each window wearing a triangular cap of white ashlar. A broad stairway swept up from the gravel courtyard to a wide landing protected by a massive stone portico.

Beneath the persistent hopelessness that had held Cassie in thrall since she'd swung that urn, something new stirred, teased out of her as much by the solid stability of Aunt Philana's home as by the fact they'd reached this place without event. It was a moment before Cassie recognized hope. She wanted to believe rescue was possible, she truly did.

Sighing, she dropped the window flap and looked at her sister who napped fitfully on the opposite seat. Neither of them had slept well since leaving London. Eliza wore her bonnet, her face framed by its bent brim; the hat had been damaged when she'd dropped it in their former drawing room.

Reaching out, she touched Eliza's shoulder. "We're here, darling."

Eliza woke with a start. Her gaze darted nervously about the coach's interior for an instant before she caught herself and straightened. "We've arrived? Was there anyone on the road behind us?" They'd taken turns checking for pursuit.

For Eliza's sake Cassie filled her smile with a confidence she didn't own. "Not a soul."

An answering smile crept across Eliza's face. New life sparked in her brown eyes. She leaned forward on her seat and threw her arms around Cassie.

"We've done it! We've reached Scotland undetected. Before the fortnight is out we'll be on our way to America, making our escape long before the Runners ever think to look for us here."

Hopelessness returned, crashing over Cassie like a wave. Over the course of their journey Roland had dreamed up an elaborate and impossible plan for rescue. It included buying passage for them all on a ship out of Edinburgh and sailing to the American city of Boston. Roland had distant cousins living there on whom he intended to impose without qualm or concern. Somehow Cassie doubted these folk would be quick to take in the now destitute British branch of their family.

Settling back into her seat, Eliza continued happily. "All that wants doing is to sell our coach and horses."

Cassie only nodded. At a recent inn she'd overheard a conversation between travelers regarding a recent sail across the Channel. She'd nearly gagged when she heard the man mention what he'd paid for his berth. She knew the value of their coach and four and it wouldn't suffice for the three of them to sail to France, much less America.

With all her heart Cassie wished she'd never swung that urn. If only she'd waited, thought a little, she might have seen another way to save Eliza. Instead, her entire family's future now rested on her one true gift.

She'd been but five when Roland had discovered what she could do with cards. He had been horrified and forbidden her to ever use it. She had honored his request until her marriage to Charles, who insisted on her doing her tricks as he called her gift, to entertain their friends. Since his death Cassie hadn't once touched a deck of cards.

Now, that ability of hers was the only thing standing between them and disaster. But what if she'd forgotten how to do it or the skill had abandoned her? Worse, what if it didn't work when money was involved? She'd never before used it to gamble.

Her sister put a hand on Cassie's knee. Cassie looked up on surprise. "You're fretting," Eliza said. "You only go silent like that when you worry. Don't," she commanded quietly. "We've come this far. We won't fail now. I know it."

Cassie did her best to smile. "I'm sure you're right, Eliza."

"Of course I am," her sister retorted, smiling and looking more like herself than she had since they'd left London. "Now, trade with me so I can see."

They switched seats and Eliza threw back the flap and peered through the opening for a moment. Then, grinning, she called, "Hello!"

Cassie stooped across the space between them, keeping her balance with one hand on the seat and lifted the flap completely out of the window's opening. Ettrick House's porch was no longer empty. A bewigged footman wearing a blue satin coat, blue knee breeches, and white stockings, now stood on the top stair. On the next step down, beyond the protection of the portico's roof and heedless of the damage the day's mist was doing to her attire, stood a slender woman. She waved at the approaching coach, using her whole arm to offer the greeting.

Aunt Philana.

Despite all that was wrong, Cassie grinned. Grabbing the window's lower edge as the coach rocked precariously, Cassie thrust her other arm out of the opening and waved back not caring that muck from the coach stained her sleeve. Although she and Philana weren't related by blood, their connection being through their husbands, they had fallen in love with each other at their first meeting. Their affection had persisted unabated across the years, surviving the deaths of both their spouses.

Coach wheels crunching in the gravel, horses snorting, Roland brought their vehicle to a halt before the stairs. A pair of hostlers dressed in brown jackets and stained breeches, bits of straw clinging to their hats, came trotting around one corner. The footman made his dignified way down the steps, skirting his employer, then opened the coach door and helped Cassie down.

"You're here at last!" Aunt Philana cried, holding out her arms in invitation to her former niece-by-marriage. Her plain, age-lined face creased even more as she smiled. A lace cap covered her gray curls while an equally lacy shawl draped her shoulders. Philana's day dress was cut in the current high-waisted style, but made of yesteryear's fabric, a heavy gold and white striped brocade.

Ignoring her aching legs and back, Cassie sprinted up the steps to wrap her arms around the smaller woman. Philana leaned back in Cassie's embrace. Welcome filled her bright blue eyes.

"I thought you'd never arrive," she said.

"It seemed as if we never would," Cassie replied, breathing in Philana's reassuring presence. "Our axle cracked two days ago and Papa didn't think the repair would hold."

"I'm glad it did." Philana reached up and caught Cassie's face between her hands. Her palms were papery, her skin warm and her touch infinitely appreciated.

Much to Cassie's horror the urge to tell her aunt the whole sordid tale of Lord Bucksden's death filled her. She swallowed it. That was one thing upon which all three of the Conningsbys agreed. Philana could not be told, nor could they borrow so much as a farthing from her to use for purchase of their passage. Doing so might lead to Philana being accused as their accomplice.

"What is it, sweetheart?" Philana asked, releasing Cassie. Her silvery brows lifted in a promise to listen.

Cassie only shook her head. "You know too well what plagues me." Philana was the only one outside the family who knew just how desperate their straits were. It had been their financial problems that spurred the old woman to offer an open ended invitation to join her at Ettrick House.

Philana's eyes narrowed. Cassie readied herself to parry the next question, but her aunt never had the chance to ask as Eliza and Roland started up the steps.

"Sir Roland," Philana said a little coldly to their father. She'd more than once written to Cassie that she could have no respect for a man who squandered his daughters' dowries and futures.

Bright color flushed into Roland's cheeks. "Lady Forster." He offered a brief bow then climbed the final stair and made his way toward the door. Cassie watched him stop beside the opening. Unlike Lord Bucksden, Roland had better manners than to enter without an invitation.

Philana's attention was fully on Eliza. "Who is this beauty and what happened to the darling babe I met at my nephew's wedding?" she asked, laughing as she took the girl's hands in hers.

Eliza bobbed. "How good to see you again, Lady Forster."

"Pish," Philana said with a chiding look as she maneuvered Eliza around her until she could wrap an arm around the girl's waist. "I'll have none of that. You'll call me Aunt Philana as your sister does. Now, we'll hie ourselves inside for a moment or two while my coach is brought around. If you want your coach with you at the house party, Sir Roland, you'll drive it there yourself. I have only one coachman and he must handle my team," she called to Cassie's father.

"Where are we going?" Cassie asked in surprise.

Philana shot her a startled glance. "Where else but to take up residence at Ryecroft Castle?"

"Take up residence? But I thought we were staying here for the duration of the party," Eliza said, her voice reflecting Cassie's confusion.

Because Ettrick House lay less than two miles from the earl's home, the plan had been for them to reside here, then ride to Ryecroft Castle each morning and return to Aunt Philana's house every evening.

There was something sly in the smile that curved Philana's lips. "Matters have changed a little and to our benefit, I think. I met Lord Ryecroft a few days ago. He mentioned that several of his guests canceled at the last moment due to illness, and he offered us accommodations in his home for the party. I accepted on your behalf."

"But I thought the house party didn't start for another day. Why do we go now?" Cassie asked. She had looked forward to at least one day alone with Philana. It was time she dearly needed to prepare her father for what she meant to do.

Philana's smile dimmed into confusion. She glanced between Cassie and Eliza. "What do you mean? If we don't go this very instant we won't have time to properly prepare for tonight's ball."

"What ball?" Eliza asked.

Philana glanced between the girls, still looking confused. "Lord Ryecroft advanced the party's starting date so he could invite the entire neighborhood to a grand ball. You cannot imagine how excited the whole vale has been over the event. Didn't you receive the earl's invitation?"

Cassie froze, her blood turning to ice and her breath to frigid mist. Her mind's eye conjured the image of Lord Ryecroft's invitation. The fine rectangle of paper imprinted with the earl's family crest lay right where she'd dropped it when she snatched up the deadly urn: at the base of the pedestal in her mother's drawing room, not far from where they'd left Bucksden's body.

There it remained, that is if some Bow Street Runner hadn't picked it up and thanked his lucky stars for giving him the very location of the one who had murdered the earl.





Lucien Hollier, the only man living who yet retained the ancestral name of the lords who'd ruled Graceton Castle, needed an heir, and this time he'd know for certain that his son wasn't one of Bucksden's bastards. Once he had that boy-child, the son on whom to settle his title, Lucien intended to call out Bucksden. One of them would die.

Dressed in black formal attire, Lucien scanned Ryecroft Castle's crowded ballroom. The room glittered from its marble floor to the candles and crystals that sparkled on the chandelier. The walls were dressed in rich red and gold leaf, the fireplace trimmed with ornate friezes. People laughed and talked. The music swelled. The dancers, some London elegant, others Border rustic, jigged without prejudice.

Lucien ignored the men in the room, all except for Jonathan Percy, who was making his way toward the card room accompanied by three burly squires. There was no ignoring Percy, Lucien's distant cousin and the earl of Westmorland's acknowledged by-blow. Tonight, the boy wore a bright pink and green waistcoat beneath a coat cut to the highest of fashion.

Instead, it was the young women, the potential wives, who held Lucien's interest. Maidens all, they shimmered and glowed in their finery, silk flowers tucked into their head bands, curling wisps of hair brushing at shoulders, their high-waisted, low-cut bodices revealing almost as much as any man liked to see. Lucien dismissed the prettiest of them; he didn't need another wife capable of attracting other men. It was the plainer women in the room he watched, assessing them one by one as if he could discern by look alone which might prove the most fertile.

"You're late, Hollier," said Adam Devanney, Earl Ryecroft, from behind Lucien. "The evening's half done."

Lucien glanced over his shoulder at his first cousin. They were as close as brothers. Adam and his siblings had been raised at Graceton Castle after the death of their mother, before Devanney's father had inherited Ryecroft's title.

At twenty-nine, four years Lucien's junior, Devanney was his father's dark and classically handsome image. His only Hollier trait, inherited from Lucien's paternal aunt, was his gray eyes. It was Lucien's fate to resemble his ancestors with his gray eyes, waving golden-brown hair, chiseled cheekbones, and long, straight nose. As different as Devanney and Lucien were in look, they were similar in build, both tall, broad shouldered men.

Lucien smiled. "Hastings insisted that I couldn't make my return to society out of mourning in any state of dress less than flawless," he replied.

"Now that's a valet worth his salt," Devanney laughed. "So tell me. How hard did Hastings have to scrub to remove the stench of fish?" Lucien had spent this summer and the last in isolation at his nearby fishing lodge.

"I've no skin left," Lucien retorted with a forced smile, wishing Devanney would leave off but knowing he wouldn't. His cousin was determined to distract Lucien from the revenge he so craved. Devanney was wrong. Bucksden deserved to die for no other reason than Lucien's certainty that Bucksden had seduced Dorothea because Lucien had intimated the earl cheated at cards.

"What do you do with what you catch, anyway? Don't tell me you eat it." Devanney's pretense of languid dismay rivaled anything Keane had ever produced for the stage.

Amused despite himself, the corner of Lucien's mouth lifted. "Why should I eat it when your chef pays handsomely for what I catch? Enough to keep my lodge in beef," he finished, taunting.

Devanney huffed in disgust. "Does he? As if you needed another shilling to your name. You've more blunt than I do," he grumbled. "Ah well, I shall have to overcome my pique and pretend that I'm glad to see you out and about. A warning, cuz. If you persist in your present manner, people will think you've rusticated these last two years."

"How so?" Lucien asked, a little startled.

At that moment the dance ended and the jiggers came to a halt. Rather than begin a new piece the white-wigged, black-clothed musicians set aside their instruments to take a brief respite. The dancers wove their way back to their parties, more than a few pausing to bow to Devanney and Lucien, and receiving their show of respect in return. A moment later and the sound of conversation rose to a new thundering thrum in the big room.

Devanney again turned his attention onto Lucien. His expression shifted until he looked every bit as supercilious as any society maven. "You're staring at my female guests as if you mean to chew them up and spit out their bones," he chided, shaking a finger.

"I was hardly staring," Lucien retorted, trying his best not to let his cousin charm him.

Devanney's pomposity dissolved, leaving Lucien looking upon the most worrisome of Devanney's many faces, one of wicked enjoyment. The two of them shared a history of pranks between them and this event offered Devanney the perfect occasion for just such a trick.

"You were indeed staring, just not at all in the right direction," his cousin replied, then took Lucien by the shoulders and turned him to look toward the back of the room. "Try that way."

The crowd there was thinner. Lucien spied Lady Forster, a viscount's daughter who for love's sake had married down. He'd first met the old woman at the beginning of his mourning period two years ago when he purchased his fishing lodge, his private Eden, near her home. The old woman wore lavender, the color a mark of respect for her beloved, departed squire. A diamond clip held a single black ostrich feather in her steel-colored curls.

"What's notable about Lady Forster?" Lucien asked, adding to himself other than to remember to stay out of her way. Although Philana Forster was a good soul she found far too much joy in meddling in the affairs of others for his peace of mind.

"Not her, the woman beside her. Look beyond Egremont's shoulder," Devanney said, his words directing Lucien to the back of the blue-coated colonel who stood between Lady Forster and his host.

Lucien had to shift to see the girl Devanney meant then he wondered how he could have missed her. She was stunning, glowing as brightly as the room's candles with her golden hair and a white on white gown. She wore no jewelry, but her sort of beauty didn't require cold stones and gold to enhance it.

"Now she's a prime article," Lucien acknowledged, dismissing her from his list of potential wives even more swiftly than he'd marked off the other beauties. Her vibrancy was just the sort of thing that attracted dastards like Bucksden.

As Lucien started to look away the girl cocked her head to one side and laughed at something Egremont said. The gesture and the movement of her mouth were poignant in its familiarity, an almost painful reminder of someone else.

Colonel Egremont bowed. Lucien caught his breath and looked upon that very someone, the woman to whom he'd almost given his heart.

Cassie. Six years and a simple gown of shimmering pale gray silk couldn't dim her beauty. Her hair, gathered into a beguiling tangle of curls at her nape, was still the color of sun-ripened wheat. Her fair skin was flawless, her brown eyes ringed by thick dark lashes under gentle golden brows. Her lips were just as lush and seductive as they'd been the year of her debut.

Bittersweet memories washed over Lucien. He'd been twenty-seven then, an age that now seemed impossibly young to him, and Cassie hadn't been the usual insipid debutante. For one brief crazed month of his life he'd been under the spell of her merry, impertinent personality, bewitched into believing he could tolerate a father-in-law ready to squander another man's inheritance the way Sir Roland Conningsby had already wasted his own. Lucien's delusion had ended when a giggling, drunken Sir Roland tried to trade on Lucien's interest in his daughter by begging for a little loan, one Lucien didn't doubt would never have been repaid. It was too potent an omen for the future. Lucien had reluctantly allowed good sense to triumph over a wayward heart and withdrawn from Cassie's circle of admirers.

Now he studied Cassie, wanting some sign that she was still the insouciant girl he'd known, only to be disappointed. Sadness clung to the curve of her mouth while worry touched her brow. Lucien was hardly surprised. Her promising season had ended with but a single offer of marriage from Charles Marston. Lady Forster's nephew-by-marriage had seemed to the world a perfect vicar and crusader against moral decay. It was all talk. Lucien had known Charles in school. Once the boy had a few drinks in him he slid off the high ground to wallow in the mire with the rest of the world's sinners, especially when the temptation being offered him was gaming.

Devanney leaned closer to Lucien. Lucien started. He'd so completely lost himself in contemplation of Cassie that he'd forgotten his cousin and that he stood in a crowded ballroom.

"Although Miss Elizabeth Conningsby is a beauty, of the two I think her older sister is the prime article," Devanney said, his warm tone hinting that his prank somehow included Cassie.

"Only if you don't mind their kin," Lucien replied. "I tell you there's no worse gambler than a sot and no worse sot than one who giggles. As for her husband," Lucien started, but across the room Cassie smiled and whatever else Lucien had meant to say dissolved.

The tiny lift of Cassie's lips wasn't the pretty grin he remembered, but hints of the clever flirt came to life in her face. Something stirred in Lucien, stretching, unwinding within him. It'd been so long since he'd felt anything but disappointment and anger that he almost didn't recognize the sensation as the hunger, hunger for a woman's admiration and her touch.

Devanney shot him a startled look. "Husband? We are both looking at Mrs. Cassandra Marston, aren't we? She's been widowed these past three years."

Lucien's reawakened awareness of Cassie exploded into a full and starved life. Cassie was a widow? He tore his gaze off Marston's wife to look at Devanney. "Are you certain?"

"Of course I am," his cousin replied, his brows lifting again and his mouth twisting slyly. "Rumor has it that the beauteous Mrs. Marston remained faithful throughout her marriage despite her husband's somewhat wild behavior toward the end of his life. Very proper. Very well behaved."

Lucien turned his gaze back on Cassie and awareness of all else except her fell away. He watched her lean toward Egremont, candlelight spilling onto the smooth white skin of her décolletage. A tantalizing shadow appeared between her breasts. One hunger became another.

There'd been a time when pursuing and being pursued in return had been the greatest joy in his life. The thought of playing that game with a woman he had once wanted enough to consider marrying was even more alluring. What would Cassie look like stripped of her clothing, her golden hair streaming over his counterpane?

His cousin leaned a little closer. "She and her sister occupy the bedchamber directly across from yours, Hollier," he whispered. "What do you think? As you've so often told me widows enjoy a certain freedom in society, and house parties offer so many interesting opportunities for trysts. Can you seduce the prim widow or have you forgotten how to play the rake?

"Come with me to meet her," Devanney urged, his voice still low and suggestive. "I'm to partner her sister for the first dance of the next set. I haven't seen Mrs. Marston on the floor for an hour or two now. I'm wagering that she'll be available. By the by, the next set begins with a waltz."

Across the room Cassie's smile widened. Lucien threw off the ice of his past three years. It was potent bait that Devanney dangled in front of Lucien the way Lucien offered flies to the fish in his stream. And, just like the scaly creatures he'd spent the last months pulling out of the water, Lucien took it. His newly reawakened interest in Cassie demanded the chance to hold her close to him, guiding her through the waltz's sensual movements.

Why shouldn't he pursue her? The search for a wife didn't preclude the seduction of a widow at the same time. Why shouldn't he and Cassie fulfill the promise of pleasure that had once existed between them now that they were both free of the bonds and betrayals of matrimony?

Not waiting for Devanney, Lucien started across the ballroom wanting that waltz more than anything he'd anticipated in the last six years.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



A pleased Colonel Egremont added his name to Eliza's almost full dance card, then bowed and retreated. Cassie watched the colonel, dressed in his fine blue jacket with its scarlet trim, golden epaulettes and golden belt, torn between satisfaction and fear. The satisfaction came from the thought that although Eliza might never have her London season she'd at least have the opportunity to break a few hearts at this house party. The fear arose from the colonel's commission. Although there was nothing intimidating about the young man, Cassie had to consider him a potential enemy. If news of Bucksden's untimely death reached Scotland the soldier might well consider it his duty to take the murderess into his custody.

Laughing in excitement, Eliza leaned close to Cassie. "This night is just too superior to be borne. Why, everything about Ryecroft Castle is exquisite! I shall enjoy every moment of the next two weeks."

Cassie did her best to smile. She hadn't told Eliza or her father about the forgotten invitation, nor would she. What good would her confession do except to make them worry that the Runners were already on their way? Cassie was doing enough of that for all of them. Far better that Eliza enjoy herself.

It was a noble but isolating intention. Between looming disaster and the noise and closeness in the ballroom, Cassie's head pounded. She opened her fan and plied it with vigor.

"You should make it your purpose to enjoy every moment," Philana commanded Eliza. "It's the duty of every beautiful young girl to wring as much gaiety from her day as she can."

Cassie let her attention slip to the ballroom's opposite end and the door that led to the earl's drawing room, where the card tables were. She longed to be there right now, hard at winning what they needed to escape England. At the same time the thought of joining the gamesters terrified her. Because of that forgotten invitation she doubted she'd have the full two weeks to turn her twenty pounds into two hundred. Yet, if she made one mistake or won too consistently, someone would accuse her of being a sharp. The moment that accusation slipped from anyone's lips Cassie would never again sit at a card table, and she and her family were doomed.

"Where did Sir Roland go, Cassie?" Philana asked.

"Hmm?" Cassie asked, rising slowly from the morass of anxiety she hid within her. "Papa? He went back to his chamber to retie his stock. He said it still didn't look right. I fear he's not tolerating his lack of a valet." She smiled at her aunt. "Thank you again for sharing your maid with us, Philana."

"Not at all. Betty enjoys the challenge and the chance to serve pretty women. My aged plainness bores her, I think," Philana replied, then glanced behind her. "Ah, good. The musicians are returning."

The men, dressed in black, their hair concealed beneath the wigs that belonged to the last century, worked their way past Cassie and her relatives. Grateful for any distraction, Cassie watched them wind around the next clutch of well-dressed gentlefolk on their way back to the chairs set for them in the ballroom's corner.

"But if the dancing is to begin again where is Eliza's next partner?" Philana asked, laughing as she caught Cassie's sister by the arm, pulling Eliza close to her. "I shan't tolerate any man abandoning you, my dear. Who is it? I shall go fetch him for you."

Eliza grinned, having fallen as completely under Philana's loving spell as Cassie. "Let me see," she replied, consulting the pretty little brass-bound dance card that Lord Ryecroft had provided for all his female guests. "Why, it's Lord Ryecroft who has this dance. Off you go, Aunt Philana. Bring him here by his ear, with apologies to me upon his lips," she finished, shooting a laughing look from over the top of the tiny booklet only to straighten with a start, bright color flushing her cheeks.

"Oh! Lord Ryecroft. We were just speaking of you," she stammered.

Cassie glanced behind her. Her heart lifted into her throat. Standing next to the darkly handsome earl was Lucien Hollier. Pivoting, her hand at her breast, Cassie stared at Lord Graceton, the man who'd broken a foolish girl's heart.

Lucien looked even more handsome as a three and thirty-year-old widower than he had at twenty-seven. She didn't remember him being so tall; Cassie's head would barely reach his clean-shaven jawline. Lucien was no less fit, judging from the way his black coat clung to the powerful span of his broad shoulders. His snowy stock was the perfect contrast to his sun-browned skin and the golden streaks summer had burnt into the dark honey color of his hair. Above the rugged jut of his cheekbones the expression in his clear gray eyes was as intense as ever.

"Ladies," the earl said, bowing.

Lucien neither bowed nor spoke, he only smiled, his full attention on Cassie. Every inch of her body came to wicked life. Her pulse pounded in her ears. His charming lopsided grin hadn't changed at all.

"Why good evening, Lord Ryecroft." Philana purred the greeting, coyly plying her fan. "And Lord Graceton. I had no idea you intended to participate in your cousin's house party."

Lord Ryecroft shot his kinsman a laughing look. "He wouldn't be here if I hadn't gone to that rustic hideaway of his and begged. I needed one more man to balance out the party."

Lucien's gaze never left Cassie. "More fool me for trying to resist him."

Cassie shivered. How could she ever have forgotten his voice? It was as smooth and deep as dark velvet.

"Lord Graceton, do you know my nieces?" Philana asked, her voice tight with repressed humor. "The one you're not looking at is Miss Elizabeth Conningsby. The one on whom your attention is so rudely fixed is Mrs. Marston."

From the corner of her eye Cassie caught Lord Ryecroft's grin. Behind her, Eliza tittered. Cassie couldn't move, not while she was drowning in Lucien's gaze.

The shift in Lucien's smile said he recognized Philana's taunt for what it was. He managed a swift glance toward Eliza. "A pleasure, Miss Elizabeth," he said, then brought his attention back onto Cassie. "As for Mrs. Marston we are already acquainted."

Eliza's quiet gasp suggested an interrogation in Cassie's future. Lord Ryecroft's swift sidelong look at his cousin promised the same sort of inquiry for Lucien. Beside Cassie, Philana also shifted in surprise, her gown rustling.

"So we are, or were," Cassie replied, giving them all the explanation they craved but couldn't request. "Lord Graceton and I met during my season, eons ago."

"Eons? Does it seem that long to you?" Lucien asked, still watching her as if she were the only woman in the world.

In that instant Cassie wished she were. It would be heaven to forget for just a moment that she stood at the edge of a horrible precipice, waiting for the gentle tap that would send her tumbling to her doom. She wanted to be the carefree girl of her season, the one who'd caught the eye of a handsome wealthy lord and dared to dream that he might offer marriage.

She told herself she shouldn't. Wanting Lucien Hollier was dangerous. She'd learned that well enough six years ago. Not that his disappearance from her side had been unexpected, considering the sort of man her father had been and still was. What she hadn't expected was that Lucien's abandonment would be the first in a string of life-changing disappointments that persisted to this day.

"If not an eon, then a lifetime at least," Cassie replied with a smile.

That made Lucien laugh, his amusement tinged with bitterness. Pleasure flared in his cool eyes. "Definitely a lifetime. Let me say that I renew our acquaintance with the greatest of pleasure, Mrs. Marston."

Lucien extended his hand. Cassie laid hers into his palm. He brushed his lips across her knuckles. Her lacy gloves were no barrier. Her senses stirred sharply, filling with longing, the wicked, wonderful and totally inappropriate longing to feel his mouth on hers and his arms around her. However wrongly, however utterly impossible, Cassie still desired Lucien Hollier with all her being.

As Lucien straightened Cassie saw the mate to her attraction reflected in his eyes. "If you aren't otherwise occupied would you consider joining me for the next dance?"

She hesitated. So far tonight she'd been out on the floor twice, only to find that her impatience to get to the card room left her incapable of enjoying the activity. Since then she'd refused all offers under the pretense of being Eliza's chaperone, something that had outraged Philana.

Across the room the musicians tuned their instruments, preparing to begin their next set. Cassie knew the next piece was a waltz. It was a dance she loved, cherishing it above the usual jigs and promenades for the beauty of its movement.

Still, she commanded herself to refuse. Upstanding widows didn't participate in waltzes, and Cassie needed everyone here to see her as an upstanding widow.

Nor did young women who hadn't yet been presented to society.

Cassie's refusal stalled on her tongue. Eliza wasn't going to be presented to society and Cassie wasn't an upstanding widow. She was a murderess who found Lucien's presence here and his renewed interest in her too disorienting, unnerving and incredibly attractive to resist. To not have his arm around her and their bodies close was beyond bearing.

"Don't be a fool," Philana whispered. "Tell him yes."

It was the gentle tap Cassie had so feared. She forgot everything: propriety, her threatened repute, the fact she'd killed an earl, that she needed to rescue her family. Instead, she went tumbling over the precipice, madly, wrongly, craving Lucien's body close to hers.

"Yes," she said, "I would like that very much."





Cassie let Lucien take her hand. With Eliza and Lord Ryecroft following, they started toward the other end of the ballroom. As they went, more than one local woman in the knots and clutches of well dressed guests turned her feathered or flowered head to watch in disapproval. Their menfolk stroked their chins in new consideration as they eyed Cassie.

Their reaction didn't surprise Cassie. She knew their sort of folk. During her marriage to Charles she'd lived about a hundred miles south of here, on the other side of the Scots border. No matter how eager these folk were to emulate London's fashions both in clothing and cant they remained what they'd been born: country folk with country opinions. To them Almack's approval was no recommendation and the waltz remained a decadent, immoral dance certain to lead to the debauching of England's children.

She and Lucien stopped on the area of smooth parquet flooring set aside for dancing. There were only five other couples beside them and Eliza and the earl. Cassie recognized all of them from London.

Lucien put an arm around her then clasped her hand in his. In that moment Cassie knew the waltz's detractors were right. Although the requisite space remained between their hips she felt as if Lucien held her intimately against him.

The corners of Lucien's mouth lifted into a slight smile. "I forgot to ask. You do waltz, don't you Mrs. Marston?"

"I do." Before she'd known how impoverished they were she'd hired a dancing master to help prepare Eliza for her come out. The waltz had been one of the dances he taught, so Cassie had learned along with Eliza. They still owed the man half his fee.

"They don't approve," Lucien said, his gray eyes warm, the lift of his chin indicating the glowering guests.

The nearest violinist lifted his bow in direction. The warm voice of the viola sang out, followed by the deeper toned cello setting the dance's distinctive pace. Lucien's fingers tightened against the small of Cassie's back.

"Come then, let's show them the error of their opinion," he said and in tune to the swelling music drew her into the glorious, graceful movements.

The years hadn't changed his ability to move about the floor. By their first circle Cassie had forgotten that her head hurt or the weight of the task that lay before her. All that mattered was the beauty of the music and Lucien's nearness.

She felt the heat of his hand against the small of her back. Every breath was flavored with his sandalwood scent. His gray eyes were intense. His sun-streaked hair curled lightly against the collar of his coat, tumbling forward a little so that it touched the strong line of his jaw.

Another wave of attraction washed over her, the sensation potent enough to make her shiver. The cunning lift of Lucien's lips said he noticed. His arm tightened around her ever so subtly.

He lowered his head. "Holding you this way is like a glimpse of heaven," he said, his rich voice barely audible above the music.

It was an outrageous flirt, a reminder of their shared past when Cassie had punctured the arrogance of any man who tried to employ such flummery against her. Fighting a smile, she fixed him with her most chiding look.

"Surely my lord, you can be more subtle than that," she said, using the same words she'd employed six years ago to tweak him.

He laughed, his face alive with delight. "You haven't changed a whit."

Would that it were true. Smiling, Cassie shook her head as they glided into another turn. "You haven't changed either."

"What liars we are," he said with a little laugh. "May I offer my condolences on the passing of Mr. Marston?"

Sadness touched Cassie's heart then receded. What she liked most about Charles was the gentle sweetness he'd always shown her in their home, and in their bed. Blinding herself to what Charles did outside their home had been a tactic she'd learned at her mother's knee, one that had failed her when she'd returned to her father's house after her widowing.

"And, I must extend my condolences to you for your loss. It's double mine," she said. How she'd ached when she heard Lucien had wed. His wife, Dorothea Radcliffe, was exactly the sort of woman she'd expected him to choose: pretty, the third daughter of an earl and an heiress. Lady Graceton had died giving birth.

Something flashed through Lucien's eyes. He nodded, accepting her remark then heat flickered to life in his gaze. "Now that we've addressed the niceties what do you say we immerse ourselves in the moment?

"You asked if I could be more subtle." His smile was taunting. "Trust me, Mrs. Marston, I'm no longer the callow youth you remember. I can be very subtle."

Cassie read the message in his face. It was the same message he'd sent her six years ago, although then he hadn't known he'd been sending it. He wanted her, not as his wife, but in his bed.

Had it not been for Lord Bucksden this might have upset her. Swinging that urn had altered everything. She had two weeks, if that long, before her life irrevocably changed. Rightly or wrongly, until her family sailed to America or the Runners came to take her, Cassie wanted Lucien's attention. She needed his pursuit to hide that she was no longer Cassandra, the upright, responsible widow who suppressed her own needs to tend to her family but Cassie, the slayer of earls.

"You call that subtle, my lord?" she chided. "Hardly. Why, you're practically leering at me."

His eyes widened as if in innocence, but lurking behind the pretense was surprise, pleasure and desire. "I'm certain I don't know what you mean."

"If that's so, my lord, then I fear I must revise my opinion of you. The years have hopelessly dulled your intellect."

Lucien threw back his head and laughed. Cassie laughed with him, enjoying herself. The heady sensation was as seductive and alluring as the nobleman with whom she danced.

His smile roguish, Lucien lowered his head near her ear. His attraction to her enveloped her along with his scent. Cassie's body responded on its own. Three years was a long time to go without a man's touch for a woman liked that sort of thing.

"Why bother with subtlety, Mrs. Marston, when I'd much rather prefer to grab what I want." His fingers shifted against her back, making it clear what he wanted to take.

"Grabbing is frowned upon by we better sort of people, my lord," she sniffed, toying with him just as he toyed with her. "So, what do you want so badly that you must grab for it?"

His eyes sparked, recognizing that she moved their game to a new level. He answered as they made another turn by tightening his hand at the small of her back. Their hips almost touched. A thrill shot through her.

"Passion," he whispered.

"Ah yes," Cassie agreed, all innocence. "Passion is a fine thing to feel. I'm passionate about art. Why, earlier I wandered Lord Ryecroft's gallery. I vow the paintings done by his father fair stole my breath. What stirs your passion, my lord?"

Pleasure and desire filled Lucien's gray eyes at her coy question. "At this moment I find I'm passionate about the curve of your lips. No statue, no painting, no objet d'art has ever so deeply moved me."

As he spoke they made another a turn. Lucien used the movement to again draw her closer. This time their hips brushed.

Glorious heat tumbled through Cassie. She pushed herself back to a safe distance in his embrace. Lifting her hand from his shoulder, she held up a warning finger as the music reached its final crescendo.

"Retreat this moment or you'll leave me no choice but to abandon the field. Where would that leave you, but wholly unsatisfied and in need of another woman to pursue?"

Amusement and surprise flashed through his gaze, but he loosened his arm around her then brought them to a halt as the dance ended. Keeping her hand in his he drew her fingers to the center of his chest.

"I quail at the thought," he said, shaking his head. "Madam, we have failed."

Cassie blinked. "I beg your pardon?"

"Didn't we set out in this dance to convince observers that there's no harm in the waltz?" he asked. "We failed. These yokels are right. The dance is decadent. Its movements must cause momentary madness, for nothing save lunacy could have caused me to confess my attraction to you. Tell me you won't shun me because of my honesty."

Laughing, Cassie took her hand from his and opened her fan. She peered at him over its lacy top. "You really are doing it too brown, you know."

Lucien nodded, not in the least concerned that she wasn't playing the part of a woman flattered beyond sensible thought. "I know. Forgive me. It's just that I'm enjoying this so much I'm finding it hard to stop."

Charmed, intrigued, flattered beyond sensible thought, although vaguely concerned about the strength of her reaction to him, Cassie snapped her fan shut and let it dangle from her wrist. "Enough! Take me back to my aunt."

Lucien sighed and offered his arm. "If I must."

They found Philana alone. Eliza had traded Lord Ryecroft for Colonel Egremont. Lucien released Cassie and stepped back. The distance that opened up between them felt like a chasm.

"Thank you for a most amazing dance, Mrs. Marston. Were I given the choice I'd have no one but you in my arms from this moment until eternity."

Philana gawked at the outrageous blandishment. Cassie swallowed a giggle. A smile tugged at the corners of Lucien's mouth. He bowed and excused himself.

"What was that?" Philana gasped when he was out of earshot.

"What was what?" Cassie asked blandly.

Philana almost stamped her foot. "Lord Graceton! What did he mean by what he said?"

"Oh, that." Cassie idly examined the tips of her gloved fingers. "He means that he'd very much like to attempt a seduction." Cassie glanced at Philana to gauge the effect of her words.

Her aunt's brow creased as though struggling to add sums. "Too soon. What to do, what to do?" she muttered.

"There's nothing to do," Cassie replied, a little put out that Philana wasn't shocked by what she'd said.

"Of course there isn't," Philana assured her with a touch of pique in her voice. "I know you. You're far too proper to consider a liaison with Lord Graceton. More's the pity."

"Philana!" Cassie cried with all the shock she'd meant to elicit from her aunt.

Her voice was loud enough that those around them turned to see what was amiss. Philana smiled and waggled her fan at her neighbors. Not so Cassie. She again studied her fingers, waiting for their interest to wane.

Philana felt no need for such circumspection. "You misunderstand me, sweetheart," she said. "I didn't mean to suggest you should allow Lord Graceton to have his way with you, only that you take advantage of his attraction to you. Let him chase you, keeping him at arm's length. The longer you let him pursue the greater his attraction to you will grow until he's in a proper frenzy to have you. More than one woman has found her way to the altar by this tactic."

Cassie might have gaped if her mother hadn't long ago beaten the unmannerly expression out of her. She hadn't expected Philana to be so obvious in her matchmaking, or so deluded. "Philana, Lord Graceton will never marry me."

Philana frowned. "Why not? You make a handsome couple. I watched you dance. I saw the way he smiled at you. I've arranged stranger matches than this one."

Cassie shook her head. While it was true that Philana had coordinated a number of matches that became successful marriages, she was wholly mistaken this time. Unfortunately, once Philana decided she was right about a couple she could be dogged about forcing the match to its conclusion.

"It doesn't matter what you saw, you're wrong," Cassie said, stifling a sigh. "Trust me, for I know this better than any other woman in this chamber. Lord Graceton has no marital interest in a widowed gentlewoman with an impoverished wastrel for a father."

Philana's jaw set stubbornly. "And I say Lord Graceton will follow his heart, and his heart leads him to you."

"You're mad," Cassie snapped, her voice made harsh by her own bitter experience with Lucien. Six years ago he'd worn his heart on his sleeve, displaying his interest in her so boldly that Cassie had forgotten to be sensible. She'd begun to listen to her own heart's promises that he loved her.

"Trust me, Philana. Men of his rank don't wed down, no matter what their hearts may say. Please, no more matchmaking, not for me," Cassie added. "I cannot bear it now, not when I already have so much upset in my life."

Philana's jaw softened. Remorse filled her eyes. "So you do, dear. So you do," she said, then added to herself, sotto voce, "which is why you must marry Lord Graceton."

Cassie's head began to throb, this time in earnest. She pressed her fingers to her temples, trying to ease it.

"Ach, you poor dear. Is your head hurting again?" her aunt asked.

Cassie nodded. "I've a powder for it in my room."

"Go, take it and rest for a bit," Philana urged. "That way you'll be restored in time for the evening meal."

"Will you tell Eliza and my father where I've gone?" Cassie asked, wanting nothing more than to retreat to her bedchamber and pull the bedclothes over her head. Instead, the time had come to begin playing cards.

With a grimace Philana said, "I forgot. Your father returned while you and Lord Graceton danced." She fell silent, twisting her hands and looking so hesitant that Cassie frowned at her.

"Is something wrong?"

Concern darkened her aunt's face. "I'm sorry Cassie, but he slipped around the edges of the room as if he didn't want you to see him making his way into the card room." She sounded helpless and worried. "I considered stopping him, but it really isn't my place to interfere, is it?"

Concern tore through Cassie, but she quelled it. Roland had been different since they left London, quieter, a bit humbled. He hadn't once overindulged in drink along their route.

Most importantly, he didn't have any money. Did he? Concern nagged. Oh, Lord but she hoped his purse was empty.

Burying her new worry, Cassie offered Philana a reassuring smile. Whatever happened she didn't want her aunt blaming herself. "He can do no harm."

Philana smiled in relief. "Thank heavens. Now go, take your powder."

Escaping the ballroom, Cassie made her way via the gallery to the house's residential wing and her third-storey chamber. Ryecroft Castle was actually not a castle, but a U shaped house decorated with battlements and towers to make it look ancient. The ballroom and other public rooms were in the base of the U while Lord Ryecroft's guests stayed in the three storey west wing; the service rooms were in the east wing.

The closer she got to her bedchamber the faster Cassie's feet moved until she was nearly running. She lifted the latch, only now wishing she'd asked about keys and locks. But who locked their doors at a house party? No one.

She walked into the spacious chamber, one that easily accommodated two people. Although it was August the nights here in lowland Scotland were always damp and cool; a small fire, hardly more than embers now, burned on her chamber's efficient little hearth. A single candle, its flame jigging and dancing much like the partygoers in the ballroom, stood on a delicate washstand. The burning taper threw its golden light against the belly of the ceramic water pitcher and its matching bowl, then over the stand's edge to reveal a hint of the glorious reds and blues in the room's carpet. The pineapples atop the bed's tall posts were barely visible in the darkness while night had turned the deep red of the bed's brocade canopy to gray.

Taking up the candle, Cassie turned to the room's wardrobe. The door creaked a little as it opened. Panic stirred, dark and deep. Her satchel wasn't where she'd left it on the wardrobe's floor.

She lifted the hems of her hanging gowns. She moved her shoes. The satchel still didn't appear out of the darkness.

Her heart thudding in her chest, Cassie ran to her trunk at the end of the bed even though she knew she hadn't left the satchel in it. The well-oiled hinges made no sound as the lid opened. The trunk was cavernous in the darkness, and utterly empty.

As fruitless as it was Cassie knelt on the floor and looked beneath the bed. Lord Ryecroft had an efficient staff. There wasn't even a dust kitten.

Cassie sat back on her heels, her heart pounding. Her hand trembled so badly that the candle flame extinguished. Her satchel was gone, her seed money with it. There would be no escape to America. She would hang. Eliza would be forever branded a murderess's sister, forcing her into the very poverty Bucksden had described before Cassie silenced him with her urn.

All because of her father. Cassie roared to her feet and whirled toward the door, intent on confronting Roland, demanding that he return what he'd taken. She stopped herself before she reached the portal.

She couldn't confront him, and not just because good manners didn't allow daughters to scream at their wastrel, thieving fathers in public. Roland always drank at the tables and drinking made his behavior unpredictable. The last thing Cassie needed was for her besotted and outraged father to forget himself and confess to all who listened what Cassie had done in their London drawing room.

That left Cassie no option but to retreat to sit on the bed's end. Tears filled her eyes. As much as she hated herself for it, she wished she'd used that urn to fell her father along with Lord Bucksden.





Lucien walked away from Cassie, stunned. Dear God, but marriage had only changed her for the better. During her season she'd been bold, quick with a quip or a gentle jest, but tonight!

The moment the music began, that haunted air of hers dissipated, revealing a warm, coy, intriguing, and oh-so-desirable woman. A woman who'd been his willing partner in repartee, meeting his every verbal thrust with a clever parry of her own. With each word they spoke the attraction swirling between them had heightened until it was more intoxicating than any wine.

Closing his eyes, he breathed in the memory of Cassie's rose perfume, a scent he might yesterday have scorned as commonplace. By the end of the dance he'd been ready to lick it off her skin. It was even more alluring to know that she would have allowed him to do it.

He swallowed, remembering her shudder when their hips touched. He longed for another chance to hold her in his arms, no matter what it took to put her there. Why had Devanney let her share a chamber with her sister? In the depths of the night it was far easier to tap on a woman's door and talk himself into her bed than it was to convince her to leave her chamber for his.

In the next instant Lucien was grateful that Cassie did share her chamber, for that meant he wouldn't tap on her door. Cassie Marston was dangerous, indeed. It was one thing to invite a willing widow into his bed, and quite another to be so consumed by his need that he lost sight of what was important: his next marriage so he could satisfy his urge to kill Lord Bucksden.

"Hollier!" Devanney called.

Turning, Lucien waited for his cousin to join him, only to smile at the number of heads that turned to watch Devanney's progress across the room. At twenty-nine, wealthy and titled, his cousin sat squarely at the center of many a mother's marital hope for her daughter.

Not that Devanney would have any of them. He was too busy searching the world for his father's paintings, seeking the one that had driven the wedge between father and son. As far as Lucien was concerned it was better that Devanney searched for paintings than return to the espionage that had nearly cost him his life. It was also far better that Devanney took his time finding the right wife rather than make the mistake Lucien had and marry to suit society's expectations.

"Egad, but how can a daughter be so different from her sire?" Devanney asked, the single diamond fob on his watch chain sparking as brightly as his smile. "Conningsby's a sot and simpleton while Miss Elizabeth makes words stand on their heads, filling them with unexpected meanings. I've never known a woman who refuses flattery, yet does it so gently and with such skill that I'm flattered by the way she punctured my conceit."

The music again swelled around them. Devanney turned his gaze onto Cassie's younger sister. Miss Elizabeth presently promenaded with Egremont, the golden trim on the colonel's short blue coat and the girl's white dress setting them off against a backdrop of so many black-jacketed men and women in their jewel-toned gowns.

"Everything about her takes the breath. I wager she'll keep her husband fascinated for years." Something in Devanney's bland comment made him sound like an old man, despairing over a life that had passed him by.

Lucien shook his head, pitying the girl if not Devanney. It was Devanney's choice to dwell on his past and hold himself out of life's currents while Miss Elizabeth had no other option.

"If she ever marries," he said. "What sensible man would offer for her, knowing that all his peers will laugh up their sleeves because of Sir Roland? A shame that. If one of Sir Roland's daughters could make a respectable match she could lift the other up with her."

It occurred to Lucien as he spoke that he could have been that man if he'd wed Cassie years ago. His title would have given Miss Elizabeth the stage her beauty deserved to make a brilliant match. But, he hadn't married Cassie and time had proved his decision the correct one. The last years had seen Sir Roland's repute disintegrate.

A wave of disappointment washed over him. What followed was the echo of the ache that had plagued him after he turned his back on Cassie. Would rekindling their relationship, even as an affair, result in the same pain when they again parted?

"Why didn't you tell me you knew Mrs. Marston when I mentioned her to you?" Devanney asked.

Lucien shrugged. "It had been years. I'd forgotten her until I saw her tonight."

"Not possible," Devanney shot back with a laugh. "No man forgets a beautiful woman, especially not one who looks at him the way she looks at you."

Irritation stirred in Lucien. "I forgot her," he repeated, his tone warning his cousin not to persist here.

Devanney's jaw tightened in refusal. "You were worried about being bored during the party. Will a liaison with Mrs. Marston help you pass the idle hours?"

Exasperation tore through Lucien until he remembered Devanney's potential prank. That, along with the possibility of aching over Cassie a second time, was more than enough reason not to pursue her. "Mrs. Marston won't do at all because I won't have her."

Devanney drew himself up as if shocked. "I don't believe you. I saw the way you smiled at her." He sounded truly aggrieved.

His cousin's determination to drive him into Cassie's arms only proved that there was some trick wrapped around Cassie's presence here. Whatever that prank, Devanney would be unrelenting about seeing his plot through to its end. Lucien would find himself thrown into Cassie's presence time and again, even to the detriment of her repute. That wasn't right, not when Cassie had a father already more than willing to heap insults on her.

"No," Lucien said, his voice hard and his shoulders tense in refusal.

Determination disappeared as the pretense of innocence flared in Devanney's eyes. "No, what?" he asked, knowing very well what Lucien meant.

"No, you won't use her in your prank," Lucien replied with no expectation that Devanney would be deterred. Failure wasn't in his cousin's nature any more than it was in his own.

"What sort of cad do you think me? I'd never misuse an innocent as part of a jest," Devanney protested a little more strenuously than necessary.

Lucien eyed his cousin, not certain how to interpret this. Was there no prank involving Cassie or was she a willing participant? Or, perhaps the prank was ultimately innocent. It didn't matter. He wasn't playing, not when Devanney's goal was to distract him.

At an impasse they stared at each other. Conversations thundered around them. The music rose to a crescendo. Couples danced, the women's gowns streaks of color brushed onto a golden night. Then Devanney slipped his fingers into his vest pocket. In nervous habit he began to open and close his watch's cover. Lucien listened in triumph to the gentle click and snap, barely audible over the noise. Devanney didn't know how to proceed in the face of Lucien's blunt refusal.

At last his cousin removed his hand from his pocket. "As you will Hollier, but know that I think you mad to turn your back on the widow after the way she fair melted in your arms."

Devanney meant what he said, that he was willing to let the subject die for the moment. But, he also meant his words as a parting thrust at Lucien. It worked. Lucien swallowed at the memory of Cassie, warm and pliant in his arms. Devanney was right; he was mad, stark raving mad, to refuse her.

"So, will you stay here and dance, awakening the hopes of every mother in the crowd, or does the card room call to you?" his cousin asked.

Once again Lucien scanned the room, this time his gaze touching on the faces of the plain young women he'd thought met his requirements before the waltz. His stomach clenched at the thought of any of them in his arms now. The search for his next wife could wait until the morrow.

"The card room calls," he replied. Aye, taking coins from some other man's purse might satisfy some of what now roiled in him.

Relief flickered across Devanney's face. "Can I impose then? Take my place as host in the card room for the next hours."

Lucien laughed at that. "I saw Percy slip in there not long ago. What, are you afraid he'll bankrupt your neighbors?"

Devanney shot Lucien a narrow look. "If he did I'd blame you. You perverted that devious whelp when you taught him a sharp's tricks." Jonathan Percy had briefly been Lucien's ward, during which time Lucien felt it his prerogative to teach the canny brat a bit more than a gentleman's usual skill.

"No, he's not the one who worries me," Devanney continued. "He's well enough known around here that the only ones who'll play with him are those who can catch a sharp in the act. It's the duchess and her daughter," Devanney said, referring to Eleanor, Duchess of Carlisle to whom he was related through his departed father. "I suppose I should warn you that Eleanor has decided you will marry Barbara. She informed me of this when she invited herself to my party."

Barbara, the duchess's youngest daughter, had been trapped for years in betrothal to an ailing fiancé. Her mother refused to allow the wedding until the man recovered while meek Barbara had for once stood her ground, refusing to dissolve the betrothal on the grounds of illness. The poor man's death had finally resolved the issue between mother and daughter.

"Her Grace took offense when she saw your first dance was with Mrs. Marston. She dragged Barbara into the card room." Devanney offered a wry grin. "I think Eleanor means her absence from the ballroom as punishment for my failure to control you. You should have seen the look she sent me as they went."

Lucien laughed out loud. Eleanor was infamous for her snobbery, being swift to snub anyone beneath the rank of baron. She expected everyone called by the title lord or higher to do the same. "And, why should I throw myself into the lioness's den for you?"

"Because you and I both know there's nothing the duchess can say or do that will convince you to marry Barbara," Devanney retorted, "or she, you. Barbara assured me of this. However, she took care to tell me only when she was certain her mother wouldn't overhear. She says you will not suit. I think the matter of her betrothed has finally put a little steel in her spine."

"Good for Barbara," Lucien said, a little amused to find his pride tweaked. Why didn't she want him?

"So, will you retire to the card room?" Devanney asked. "You can both soothe Her Grace's ruffled feathers and serve as a buffer to those unfortunate squires and knights who might accidentally address her.

"Oh, by the by, I also saw Conningsby sidle into the card room not long ago. You'll need to watch him. You know what a nitwit he can be once he has a little wine in him." Devanney sighed and shook his head. "If only I could have had his daughters here without him."

The mention of Sir Roland brought Lucien's thoughts back to Cassie and her earlier sadness. He might not choose to be her lover, but he could still be a friend even if he made an anonymous offer of that friendship. For the duration of the party he could be Conningsby's keeper, seeing to it that the little sot didn't overspend at the tables or overindulge in his cups. It was a safe gift, one that would go far to soothe the guilt he felt over the way he'd abandoned Cassie six years ago, leaving without so much as a fare-thee-well.

Smiling, Lucien presented his leg to his cousin and made a bow flowery enough to please even Prinny. "For you, dear cousin, the stars," he said. It was a phrase from their childhood, one they'd cribbed from an amateur theatric performance.

"Ah, but I wanted the moon," Devanney replied, saying his piece from their little play.

The music stopped. The dancers bowed to each other, then began to drift to their respective spots. Devanney gave Lucien another little salute.

"Good of you, old man. If you'll excuse me, I have a partner to claim."

After Devanney walked away Lucien started for the drawing room-turned-gaming hell. It hardly looked the part with a cheery fire burning on the hearth framed by an ornate mantlepiece. Chinoiserie panels were the only decorations on walls painted a buttery yellow. At the room's far end draperies of a pale gold had been thrown wide to reveal French doors opening out to Devanney's garden. A pianoforte, surrounded by delicate gilded chairs and quiet at the moment, stood close to the exterior doorway. Two old women sat there, enjoying an island of peace out of the ball's storm, sipping their ratafia.

The card tables stood closer to the ballroom door, eight of them with chairs for four players at each. Conningsby skulked along that end of the chamber, awaiting an invitation not likely to be extended since the three occupied tables were already full.

Four local biddies gossiped at the farthest table, playing whist for their enjoyment rather than any monetary gain. Seated at a more central table were Her Grace, Duchess Eleanor, and her youngest daughter, Lady Barbara. Lucien considered Barbara for a moment.

The duchess's sixth daughter, born late in Eleanor's life, wasn't a plain woman, not with her dark hair and sloe eyes, but she behaved as if she was. Then again, if Eleanor had been his mother Lucien might also have wanted to melt into the woodwork.

It occurred to him that Barbara with her humble attitude and defeated nature might well make him the perfect wife. The memory of Cassie's bold repartee rushed over him and any pretention Lucien had in Barbara's direction dissolved. Barbara was right. He and she didn't suit.

Eleanor, wearing a green silk gown cut in a style reminiscent of the previous century and her famous diamonds, glanced at him then almost smiled in approval. If she'd ever been a beauty, time and her disposition had robbed her of it. Her cheeks sagged and dark rings marked her eyes. Her hair was almost as white as the plume she'd pinned in it.

One of her partners, an earl's younger son thus acceptable because of his bloodline, took the hand. Eleanor threw down her cards. "You cannot have taken that! Who has the ace?" she demanded in a not-so-subtle charge of cheating, one she could make only because of her rank and her sway with the ton.

Barbara bowed her head, covering her eyes with a hand. Their fourth, a beardless lord who'd just come into his father's title, leaned back in his chair to wait for Her Grace's fit to pass. He and the earl's son both nodded to Lucien in greeting, then rolled their eyes to display what they thought of Lady Eleanor's familiar complaint.

Lucien's stomach clenched again. Having Eleanor as a mother-in-law would be as distasteful as shouldering the burden of Sir Roland as his father-in-law.

Jonathan Percy, Westmorland's bastard, lounged casually at the third table. A well favored lad, thankfully resembling his mother rather than his long-faced father, Percy had matriculated from Oxford with a degree in gaming skills instead of the expected one in religion. Vibrant green stripes decorated Percy's bright pink waistcoat beneath his black coat. A dozen sparkling fobs decorated his watch chain, and his collar points reached almost to his cheekbones. His dark brown hair had been pomaded into artful curls about his face.

"I wondered how long it would be before we saw you in here, my lord," Percy called to Lucien. "Come sit with us so I can pick your pocket. In the meanwhile I'll tell you about the mare I've discovered. She'll be an asset to my father's stable." The lad had a good eye for horseflesh and the delusion that he could augment his sorry allowance by raising and betting on his own horses.

The men playing with Percy all muttered at the invitation. The three, hard-eyed local squires well known to Lucien were just what Devanney promised, more than capable of keeping Percy honest. Beefy men all, they weren't pleased at the thought of making room for another big man, or changing their game to accommodate a fifth hand.

"Another time, Percy," Lucien refused. "You have the next two weeks to try to winnow a few coins from my purse. I warn you. Attempt it at your own risk. You've a better chance of losing another month's allowance than you do of taking any of my coins."

That made Percy laugh. "We'll see who takes whose allowance."

Lucien retreated to an empty table. One of Ryecroft's bewigged footmen appeared to supply him with all he needed to start a game, including a cup of Devanney's finest wine. Across the room Cassie's father stopped his pacing and looked longingly in Lucien's direction. Lucien lifted his glass in invitation.

"Care to join me, Conningsby?"

Sir Roland crossed the room swiftly, heated circles reddening his sagging cheeks. His ridiculous little nose almost quivered in anticipation. Coins clinked in the worn leather pouch he carried in his hand. The plebeian purse looked so out of place with Sir Roland that Lucien wondered for a moment if it truly belonged to the man. He instantly discarded the thought. Roland was first and foremost a gentleman, and as such he wouldn't stoop to steal. At least not for so few coins as that purse could contain.

"Good of you, milord," Sir Roland mumbled, taking his seat.

Lucien signaled for the footman to bring Conningsby a drink. The sooner Cassie's father began to imbibe the easier it would be for Lucien to willfully lose to the man. Then when Roland was thoroughly drunk Lucien could return both the man and his full purse to his chamber.

"Not tonight," the little knight told the footman, waving away the wine.

Lucien blinked, startled. He'd never known Sir Roland to refuse a drink.

Sir Roland's lips twisted when he caught Lucien's look. "Not drinking tonight," he said, patting the bulge of his stomach beneath his blue vest. It was missing one of its silver buttons. "A little off my feed."

"A pity, that," Lucien replied smoothly, wondering if the wastrel was finally reforming his ways. He hoped Sir Roland's changes didn't come too late to do some good for Cassie and her sister.

Picking up the cards, Lucien shuffled then set the mixed deck in the center of the table, offering Roland the chance to cut. "You're aware aren't you that Lord Ryecroft limits our winnings to twenty pounds per person per night?"

Sir Roland nodded then cut the cards. As Lucien dealt, the smaller man shifted sideways to lounge in his chair, his legs crossed at the ankles. Setting an elbow on the table, Roland propped his head on his fist. His expression flattened. Lucien had once heard Conningsby say that he believed this posture exuded an air of merry nonchalance. To Lucien, the only thing Sir Roland's posture exuded was cavalier arrogance.

Sir Roland smirked at Lucien. "What say you, milord? A game of Speculation?"

So Speculate they did, playing swift hand after hand, but not for long. Less than an hour later Lucien laid down his final winning hand, gnashing his teeth in frustration. He'd done everything he could to lose short of exposing his cards to Sir Roland, but Conningsby played like a man who'd never before seen a deck of cards. He lost more with every hand until all of that pouch's twenty pounds now belonged to Lucien.

Across the table a stone cold sober Sir Roland reeled in his chair. His face blanched until he looked as if he might faint. He giggled, but it sounded more like a sob.

"I'm done for," he said, his voice catching.

The little knight came to his feet, turned without offering any show of farewell and staggered like the besotted man he wasn't out of the card room. Lucien stared at the table and the measly twenty pounds strewn across its surface, no less devastated than Sir Roland.

He'd done his best to serve Cassie and failed. He couldn't offer to return these coins to her father, not without offering unbearable insult. Nor could he slip them to her. Not only would the insult be just as grave, but doing something like that hinted at an intimacy that he couldn't afford and wouldn't indulge, not with her and not at this party.

Now what?





"Cassie, where are you?"

Eliza's gentle call startled Cassie out of her doze. Seated in the bedchamber's single, wing chair, she stretched, surprised to find herself waking. She hadn't expected to sleep, not with the way her head had been throbbing.

When Philana and Eliza had come to check on her just before the evening meal began, the pain had been unbearable. Cassie had swiftly sent them away, wanting only quiet. Eliza departed reluctantly, murmuring in worry. Philana sent Betty with a potion guaranteed to ease Cassie's every pain. The concoction proved so foul that Cassie managed to down only half of it. Philana hadn't mentioned that it would make her sleepy. Had Cassie known, she'd have undressed and gone to bed before taking it. Now, her head still throbbed, the ache only a little abated, and her neck pinched from sleeping in an awkward position.

"I'm in the chair, Eliza," she said, squinting as her sister relit the candle.

"Is your head any better?" Eliza asked.

"It is," Cassie lied.

There was no sense telling the truth. Nothing Eliza said or did could ever ease what pained Cassie. Why, oh why, hadn't she done a better job of hiding her purse? She should have known Roland would look for it. After all, a man who gambled away his daughter wouldn't be disturbed by committing minor thievery. Eliza had been right to chide about coddling Roland. If nothing else, tonight's long quiet hours left Cassie knowing she wouldn't be free of her headache until she confronted Roland. She needed to speak her mind to him, no matter how improper, unmannerly or messy that outpouring might prove.

Eliza placed the flickering candle onto the washstand then made an impatient sound and put her hands on her hips. "You're still dressed! Why didn't you send for Betty to help you into bed?"

"No scolding," Cassie replied with a little laugh. "If I'd expected to fall asleep I'd have called for Betty. So is your evening finally over?"

"It is, the last dance danced now that dawn is almost upon us," Eliza replied, glowing despite the late hour. Or was that early hour?

"Have you seen Papa?" Cassie asked, probing to see if Eliza had any inkling of what their father had done last night.

Eliza shook her head. "Not since before we dined. He said he wasn't feeling well and retired. It wasn't drink this time, Cassie. He seemed in control of all his senses. He really didn't look well."

Cassie sagged back into the chair in angry, hopeless defeat. That Roland hadn't been drinking didn't inspire any hope, not when what Eliza described was a man who'd lost everything he'd stolen.

At the center of the room Eliza threw off concerns over their father and turned a quick circle, laughing. "Oh, Cassie, I'm so sorry you had to miss the rest of the ball," she cried, her voice alive with excitement. "The music went on and on, every new dance better than the last. Lord Ryecroft was my partner twice while Colonel Egremont escorted me three times. I think they may both be forming an affection for me."

Despite the shadowy room Cassie watched a coquette take the place of her sister. Cassie's mouth opened to warn against letting her heart fix on either man. Before she could speak Eliza put her hands on her hips and turned an annoyed look on her sister.

"Why didn't you ever mention you knew Lord Graceton?"

"Why would I?" Cassie replied, losing herself to the image of Lucien's charming, crooked smile and the feeling of his arms around her. "We met so long ago and our acquaintance lasted for only a few brief months. In all truth I'd forgotten him." That was another lie. A girl didn't forget her first love or her first heartbreak.

Eliza pulled off her gloves then began to loosen her hair, putting her hairpins into her mouth as she worked. "Hmph. I can't imagine ever forgetting that man," she said from around the pins. Her hair fell, fair and curling, to the middle of her back.

Going to the dressing table, Eliza set aside the pins. "Lord Graceton's quite attractive, although not as handsome as Lord Ryecroft, and he certainly hasn't forgotten you."

Cassie's heart did the most amazing thing at Eliza's words. It was true. Lucien hadn't forgotten her and, rightly or wrongly, Cassie liked that very much.

Coming to sit on the side of the bed nearest to Cassie's chair, Eliza began to remove her shoes and stockings. "You do know that Philana is quite set on convincing Lord Graceton to marry you?"

Exasperation shot through Cassie; just as she expected Philana persisted. "Philana can intend anything she wants, but that doesn't mean what she wants will happen. A peer doesn't marry the daughter of a bankrupt sot," she said, speaking without considering that she wasn't the only daughter of a sot in the chamber.

Cassie watched in remorse as her sister's expression flattened into despair.

"It doesn't matter how much any man might come to care for me, does it?" Eliza asked, her voice trembling. Tears glistened, clinging to her eyelashes. "No decent man will offer for my hand. Perhaps I should have gone with Lord Bucksden," she finished, sounding beaten and exhausted.

Cassie bolted to her feet. "Don't you ever again say that! You shouldn't even think such a thing."

Eliza looked up at her, shaking her head. "How can I help but think about it? If I'd told him yes we wouldn't be in this horrible predicament. He's a rich man. He would have supported me. That would have given me the opportunity to support you and Papa until you found a way to restore the estate."

Kneeling before Eliza, Cassie took her sister's cold hands. "I'd rather hang than let that odious man touch so much as your sleeve."

"That's what frightens me most," Eliza said in a small, sad voice. "I don't want anything to happen to you, Cassie."

Her heart aching, Cassie forced a smile onto her lips. "Nothing will," she lied. "Now enough of this maudlin pap. Stand up and I'll help you with your hooks."

As Eliza came to her feet Cassie's anger at their father doubled. Her sister shouldn't even know that gentlemen supported their mistresses much less have to regret that she hadn't accepted Lord Bucksden's scandalous proposition. Roland hadn't betrayed his daughter just once, he'd done it twice. What Roland lost tonight had doomed Eliza to a shamed and impoverished future in England, rather than a new life in America. There, she might have married a good, decent man who knew nothing of their past.

Cassie's eyes narrowed. Eliza would go to America. Whatever it took she'd find a way to give her sister that new life.

By the time Eliza wore her nightdress she was almost asleep on her feet. "Turn around, Cassie and I'll do you," she offered, yawning.

Cassie did so. "Undo my hooks then loosen my corset so I can remove it by myself. I want to see to Papa before I retire, to be certain he isn't really ill." She didn't want to see Roland, she wanted to cut out his heart.

"As you will," Eliza murmured. After unfastening Cassie's gown, then releasing her corset strings, Eliza slipped into bed, forgoing her prayers.

"Good night, Cassie," Eliza said.

Cassie threw a shawl over her shoulders to hide her loosened garments, saying Eliza's prayers for her, asking God to grant her sister happy dreams. Then, creeping from their room, she closed the door and started down the quiet corridor.

Dawn's rosy light, the newborn sun misty with the remains of last night's rain, slanted through the wide windows at the corridor's end. There was no one about to notice her, the house guests having just found their beds. It would be another hour before Ryecroft's servants left their own cots.

Cassie made her way down the stairs to the floor below hers. When she reached Roland's bedchamber door she neither stopped nor knocked, she simply turned the knob and stepped inside. The musty room was dim, dawn a single golden stripe slipping through a gap in the closed draperies. Framed by the open bedcurtains Roland sprawled on the mattress, fully dressed and snoring. He cradled one wine bottle in the crook of his arm. Another emptied bottle lay on the floor near her satchel at the bed's end.

Her mouth tight, Cassie crossed the room to her missing bag. Yanking it open, she found exactly what she'd expected and dreaded. The false bottom was gone, the compartment it once concealed, empty. Outrage soaring past the point of containment, Cassie returned to the bed and gave her father's shoulder a sharp shake.

Roland grunted in surprise. He jerked upright so swiftly that Cassie stepped back as startled as he. His hair stood straight up on his head. Snowy stubble covered his chin. Deep rings hung beneath his eyes.

"What? What?" he cried.

"What, indeed," Cassie snapped. She crossed her arms to keep from using the empty wine bottle on him the way she'd used the urn on Lord Bucksden. "You took my satchel and the coins it contained. You went into my chamber and took what I needed to save us! I want to hear you explain why you did this to Eliza and to me."

Cassie half expected him to command her out of his room. Instead, his eyes glistened with moisture. Toying with one of his waistcoat buttons, he said in a little-boy voice, "I thought if I wasn't drinking it would be different for me at the tables." His voice faded into a whisper. "I didn't expect to lose."

Anger ate Cassie alive. She cocked a brow and glanced at the empty bottle that lay on the mattress beside him.

"It's not what you think," he protested. "I refused so much as a drop while I played. These happened afterward."

"Is the whole sum gone?" Cassie demanded.

Her father gave a tiny nod, looking anywhere but at her. Cassie flinched. Somewhere deep within her she'd hoped he might still have some of the coins.

"How could you, Father?" she pleaded, her voice quivering, her lips trembling. "You knew how important that money was. You've squandered everything that should have belonged to your daughters. I thought with our safety at stake you'd control yourself this time."

"'Pon rep, girl, it wasn't like that," Roland protested. "I was trying to be your father for once."

Cassie's anger soared higher than she thought possible. "Let me understand you. To you, being my father means you steal what belongs to me then lose it, and in losing it leave me vulnerable to the hangman's noose?"

Horror flashed over Roland's face, hollowing his cheeks. He slumped and rubbed at his head as if it ached. No doubt it did if he'd truly emptied both of these bottles by himself.

"Egad," he whispered. "What have I done?"

Cassie frowned at him. He seemed so confounded. What piece of character did he lack that prevented him from predicting the outcome of his actions?

The corners of his mouth quivered. "If that's what you think I intended, then I cannot blame you for despising me. I don't suppose I can convince you that I truly sought to protect your reputation."

"Try," Cassie commanded.

His brow furrowed. "It's that awful ability of yours. I couldn't let you use it, not even to save us. We're not the only people with relatives in America. If someone here accuses you of being a sharp, not even the ocean will be wide enough to shield you. People write. Before long Godfrey would know. He'll throw us from his home. We'd be ruined."

"As if you haven't already ruined us by gambling away everything we own?" she snapped, her anger making her speak more harshly than any daughter should address her father.

Roland reached for Cassie as if begging her forgiveness. His hand dropped before he touched her. "I was only trying to protect you," he said in that small voice, utterly serious.

Then hope flared in his eyes. "Perhaps if I speak to Lord Graceton and tell him what I've done he'll give back the purse."

Cassie staggered back a step on hearing Lucien Hollier's title drop from her father's lips. "Don't you dare!" she cried.

The thought of her father revealing anything to Lucien mortified her to her core. Her father airing the dirty secret of their impoverishment to the man she'd once loved might seem as if Roland was again trying to profit off Lucien's interest in her. Worse, what if Roland's tale led Lucien to offer financial aid? The thought of pity replacing attraction in his eyes made the hangman's noose far more attractive.

The light died from her father's eyes. He gave a tiny, strained laugh. "You're right. Wouldn't do any good anyway. Why should he return it when he wasn't the one who did anything wrong?"

Still reeling at the thought of Lucien learning just how deep Roland's decline was, Cassie lost control of her tongue. "I can't believe you gamed with Lord Graceton. Of all the men to think you could best! He's four times the card player you are."

Roland frowned. "Mayhap he was once but mourning seems to have changed him. He didn't play at all well last night, missing wagers and not speculating when he should have. If I'd once had the hand for it I could have taken all and doubled our money. I would have had enough for one passage," he finished, pleading for his daughter's understanding and forgiveness. It was something Cassie could never give him.

"What do we do now, Cassie?" Roland asked.

"How am I supposed to know?" she retorted sharply.

Worry darkened his expression. He again fretted with his waistcoat button. "You will think of something, won't you?"

Cassie's anger flared anew. "Why must it always be me? Why can't you think of something? It was a mistake to come here. I don't know what I expected to accomplish by this. I'm going to bed."

Turning her back on her father, she marched back to her own bedroom. After she'd donned her nightclothes she drew aside the bedcurtains. Eliza slumbered peacefully, her hair strewn across the pillow.

The need to keep her sister safe rode Cassie hard. This wasn't just Roland's fault. Eliza was right. Cassie should have confronted their father years ago instead letting pride drive her into pretense. Now that things were as bad as they could get, all holding on her pretenses would do was hurt Eliza as much as Roland already had.

But approaching Lucien about what her father had done, having to tell him what had happened only made Cassie's stomach lurch. Last night, she and Lucien had danced as equals, simply enjoying each others' presence and doing so unfettered by society's judgment of her and her family. Any chance that would reoccur would end the moment Cassie mentioned money to him.

Climbing into bed, she pulled the counterpane to her chin. Eliza rolled onto her side, sighing in her sleep. Cassie closed her eyes, ready to embrace defeat.

Determination refused to die. She couldn't leave her precious sister alone and impoverished, vulnerable to men like Lord Bucksden.

But, expose her shame to Lucien? Impossible. There had to be a way to get the money back without having to do either.





Gambling.

Cassie started out of sleep with that word clear in her mind. If she wanted her money back from Lucien Hollier, all she had to do was win it from him. But in order to gamble, a player had to have something to ante. What would she offer?

The memory of Lucien's face alive with appreciation for her as they waltzed last night rushed over Cassie. Stretching herself awake, she smiled at the thought of his expression if she were to offer herself, the way her father had anted Eliza. She wouldn't, of course. She wanted both her twenty pounds and Lucien's respect. But what could she offer?

Wrapped in the close darkness within the bedcurtains, she frowned in thought. A dance or a stroll? She grimaced, certain Lucien wouldn't be interested in risking money on something he could have for free. She shook her head. It was just a matter of time before she discovered it.

Filled with reborn hope, she reached to Eliza's side of the bed, searching for her sister. The mattress was empty. Startled, she threw open the curtains only to be blinded by afternoon's bright light. She'd slept through the morning.

The room was quiet, but it looked as if a whirlwind had raced through it. The wardrobe was open, one of Eliza's dresses thrown over a door. Another lay in a careless pile on the floor. Two pairs of shoes, one of them belonging to Cassie, had been tossed out of the wardrobe. Ribbons of blue and violet were strewn across the top of their trunk. Cassie smiled. Eliza's wild touch.

Scanning the room a second time, she noticed a torn corner of paper shoved between the dressing table's mirror and its frame. Cassie crossed the room to take the note. Eliza's hand was bold and forceful, lacking any girlish curlicues.

We've gone to walk the park. I had to borrow your bonnet. Aunt Philana says there's one for you to use in her room if you're up in time to join us. Take heed! Your bonnet is much improved with that bright yellow ribbon of mine.

Cassie smiled, almost hearing Eliza's voice as her sister declared Cassie's bonnet improved. Eliza didn't hold with the notion that a widow should shun bright colors. She'd been trying for months to get Cassie to exchange her bonnet's dove gray ribbons for something brighter.

Rising, she went to the window and looked down into the earl's garden. Just as Eliza promised the house guests strolled about the park in twos and threes. A fine lily pond not far from the house had collected a small crowd of admirers, one of whom was Philana. There was no mistaking her bonnet; a mass of curling gray plumes sprang from its band. Wearing a paler shade of lavender today, Philana ambled along the pond's shoreline a little ahead of Eliza.

Cassie recognized her sister's yellow-striped gown and short brown jacket. Striding alongside Eliza was a soldier, with a tall, black hat trimmed in gold braid. Colonel Egremont. His short, dark blue jacket, the gleaming gold braid on his shoulders, his pale blue pantaloons with their golden stripe offered startling contrast to his black as night boots.

The colonel had his gloved hands folded at the small of his back, but he leaned his head near Eliza. His attitude screamed of intimacy, or at least the desire for intimacy. The possibility of Eliza's heart being broken lent even more urgency to Cassie's already frantic purpose. The sooner she had her money back from Lucien, the sooner she could get Eliza to America and into her new life.

In reaction to her thoughts Cassie's gaze dashed across the gentlemen on the lawn. She didn't expect to identify Lucien, not with all the men except the soldiers dressed in the same, tall hats, brown tailed coats and fawn breeches. Yet, Cassie's gaze locked on a lone gentleman making his way back toward the house against the tide of guests strolling deeper into the parkland.

Lucien. She wondered how she could be so certain then decided it was the aggressive set of his shoulders and the swift forceful way he moved. But if Lucien was reentering the house while so many guests were still strolling then it was the perfect time to catch him for a private moment. All she needed was a moment in which to offer her unorthodox wager.

But she'd only have her precious opportunity if she was quick about dressing, and he took his time doing whatever he intended within doors. In that case what Cassie needed was Philana's maid, Betty, to tie her corset and hook her gown.

Dashing water on her face, Cassie ran a hasty brush through her hair but left it loose. Not eager to traipse about Ryecroft Castle in her dressing gown even if the occupants were all out-of-doors at the moment, she went to the wardrobe and chose her garments for the day. Unlike Eliza, Cassie couldn't bear chaos. She lay her petticoat, small corset, stockings and garters in a neat row along the bed's end.

Pulling on her drawers, she returned to the wardrobe to don her green-sprigged day dress and slip her bare feet into her shoes. Then, with her shawl over her shoulders to hide her loosened attire assuring at least the appearance of decency, she opened her door.

And, came face-to-face with Lucien.

"Oh!" she gasped, not certain which to do first: gather up her hair, pull her shawl over her bodice to hide lack of corset, or reach behind her to hold her dress closed.

Lucien carried his hat and gloves in one hand. His honey-brown hair tumbled in careless disarray about his sun-browned face. His clear gray eyes were cool. If he noticed her dishabille there was no sign of it in his expression.

"Good afternoon, Mrs. Marston," he said, offering a small bow.

"Is it afternoon already?" Cassie stuttered, wholly unnerved at being caught in such a state.

"It's well past noon," Lucien assured her, his tone that of amiable disinterest.

Cassie stared at him. Who was this cool stranger, and what had happened with the warm man who'd waltzed with her last night? That man would have teased her for rising so late while leering at her state of dress. Mortification tore through Cassie as she considered the only probable explanation for his change. Roland had spoken to him even though she'd forbidden it.

She was doomed.

No, she was free. She no longer had to worry about keeping Lucien's respect. That made her stomach ache.

"At breakfast this morn, your sister and Lady Forster said you ailed. I hope I find you recovered," Lucien was saying.

"I am," Cassie lied. Respect or not, how was she supposed to offer Lucien a game to win back her twenty pounds when he was now so disinterested?

Lucien stepped to the door directly across from hers and put his hand on the latch. "Madam," he said, indicating he was finished with their conversation.

As Eliza's future dissolved before her eyes with Lucien's distant behavior, Cassie acted without thought. She turned her back to Lucien, lowered her shawl to her waist and pulled her hair to one side, then looked over her shoulder at him.

"My lord, I cannot find my maid just now. Could you fasten my hooks?" she asked, speaking so swiftly that her voice sounded thready to her own ears.

Lucien froze in front of his door. Cassie watched his gaze trace the slender length of her naked back from her waist to her nape. The terrible coolness in his expression melted. Heat again burned in his icy eyes when he raised his gaze to meet hers.

Trapped in place by her need to save Eliza, Cassie burned in shame then roasted again in a slow, knee-loosening, heat-making pleasure that came from knowing he gazed upon her naked flesh. She gave a shaken sigh.

The sound freed Lucien. "Happily, madam," he said, a new hoarseness in his voice.

Dropping his hat and gloves next to his door, he crossed the corridor. As he pulled the two sides of her gown closed across her back his bare knuckles brushed her skin. With his touch some of Cassie's sense returned. Was she out of her mind?! If she did manage to convince him to game with her he'd never accept a mere dance or stroll as her stake after this. More to the point with each hook he fastened, hooks that Betty would have to reopen for Cassie to dress properly, her opportunity to propose that game narrowed.

A tress of hair slipped down her back. Lucien caught it then let it slide between his fingers. Cassie shivered, cursing herself for wanting so much more of his touch.

Oh bother. There was no room for regret now that the milk was spilled, and naming herself an idiot wouldn't put twenty pounds in her purse. With nothing left to lose it was time to propose a wager.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Never in his life had Lucien been more grateful for Devanney's nagging. If not for his cousin's harping about the idiocy of looking for a wife when he was just out of mourning, Lucien might still have been in the garden. How much better to be in this corridor, his fingers brushing Cassie's naked back.

He breathed in her rosy scent. The smell ate up his resolve to avoid her from last night. Instead, his senses overflowed with her nearness, and her bareness.

Dear God, but he wanted to press his lips to her nape. He lowered his head a little, taunting himself with the prospect.

His longing only worsened as he worked the hooks at the middle of her back. Somehow, he hadn't taken Cassie as the sort of woman who went without a corset. It wasn't that unusual. A good number of society's well-bred women, including his own sister, went without one. However, none of those women inspired him to reach around and cup their unfettered breasts in his hands.

Yet another tress slid from the mass of golden hair she'd pulled over her shoulder, tumbling down the length of her back. It was more temptation than Lucien could resist. He caught it, this time bringing it to his lips, savoring its silky smoothness and the smell of roses.

"My lord, I came to Lord Ryecroft's house party anticipating the card playing. My father is unwilling to open his purse so I might wager," Cassie said.

"I beg your pardon?" Lucien asked, too far gone in desire to fully comprehend what she said.

"I said I haven't any money with which to wager." The new tension in her voice caught his attention. "Against that I wondered if you'd consider a game with me and an unconventional wager."

Some part of him registered that her question had to do with gambling and wagers. Not that he cared. All that mattered was that he had only a few hooks left to fasten and her shoulders were taut. That meant the instant he finished she'd raise her shawl and back away from him when he most definitely didn't want any space between them.

"What sort of wager did you have in mind?" he asked, more to keep her where she stood than out of any interest in her request. He finished the last hook. Just as he expected she jerked her shawl in place and pivoted, backing toward her door.

"I'd like to offer you a stroll, calling its value two pounds."

His interest more than piqued, Lucien studied her. Light from the window at the corridor's end touched her face, marking her cheekbone and the regal lift of her brow. Her brown eyes looked as warm and rich as chocolate. Lord, but he liked the sultry way her lips curved.

"That's an expensive walk," he replied, wondering if she had anything more alluring to offer.

Disappointment danced in her eyes, then faded. "I suppose you'd say the same about a dance?"

The movement of her mouth as she spoke was mesmerizing. It wasn't a dance he wanted from her, but something far more intimate. "I think I must."

"What would you consider an acceptable stake in a game between us?" She nipped at her lower lip, waiting for his response.

A game between them, a wonderful, exotic game. Desire lapped at Lucien the way the ocean washed over the beach. His eyes closed halfway. His attention wouldn't shift from her glorious mouth.

"A kiss," he said.

Yes. A kiss. That's what he wanted from her. That's what he needed. At that moment if she'd asked him to stake his entire estate against a chance to kiss her he'd have willingly done it.

"Oh," Cassie breathed, warm color staining her cheeks. She pressed a hand against her throat and stepped back again only to collide with her door. It swung open, giving Lucien a good view of a chamber strewn with feminine frippery. The chaos only made the neat line of garments on the end of the bed all the more noticeable.

His gaze caught on the corset. The memory of last night and the waltz returned; with it came the feel of boning against his hand as he held Cassie. She didn't eschew corsets.

He glanced at her feet. They were bare inside her shoes. Of course they were. Her stockings lay on the bed's end.

Then, what was she doing out here in the corridor naked beneath her gown, pretending she needed his assistance to finish her toilette?

What else, but seducing him? Knowing that she wanted him the way he wanted her sent Lucien's longing to have her almost past containment.

"This was a mistake," Cassie said, her voice barely louder than a whisper.

Oh no. She'd desired him enough to play temptress. He wouldn't let her courage fail her now, not with the need to again run his fingers down the length of her spine tormenting him.

"You said you wished to play cards," he crooned, playing spider to her fly. "The stake is nothing more than a single kiss. Barely improper."

Again, she nibbled at her lower lip. Dear God, but he wanted the chance to do that for himself. She shook her head. "I can't."

She started to turn toward her chamber. Lucien caught her by the hand, his fingers slipping between hers. She gave a shaken breath as their palms met. Ah, but she didn't try to extract her hand from his. It was proof that her desire for him was greater than her need to play the proper widow. He had to have that kiss, and more.

"Consider this then," he said. "I'll make you a gift of five pounds at the beginning of our game. If at the end of our match you still have five pounds you may leave the table with that sum. If you have less than five pounds, you owe me the kiss.'

She looked up at him. Why should he wait for tonight when all he need do to have his kiss was lower his head? He stopped himself. That wouldn't be nearly as much fun as tormenting himself with the prospect of their game until the sun set.

"So be it. Tonight, in the card room, then," she said, her voice trembling.

A metallic click sounded from down the corridor. Cassie tore her hand from his and leapt into her room. Her door closed in his face.

Down the hall a servant left one of the other rooms without glancing in his direction. Lucien turned his gaze back onto Cassie's door. How he longed to open it and join her.

"And after the card room, the garden where I'll have my kiss," he whispered.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Cassie stood with her back pressed against her closed door, her heart pounding. If not for the interruption she might have given Lucien the kiss he wanted and cheated herself of her stake in tonight's game. Even more worrisome was the realization that if he'd kissed her a moment ago, she would have happily invited him into her bedchamber and allowed the worst to happen.

Not allowed, welcomed. Cassie closed her eyes and swallowed. Not the worst, either. The best.

If Lucien's mere look was enough to destroy her morals what would his kiss do? Cassie desperately wanted to know, which was exactly why she didn't dare let him win tonight. No, what she had to do was to relieve him of his five pounds, deny them both the kiss they wanted, then move on to another table to win another five.

Cassie hung her head at the thought of using Lucien in this way. Why did it feel so wrong?





Devanney's dining room with its high, ornately plastered ceilings, walls covered with creamy blue and gold printed linen and massive fireplace, closed in on Lucien. It wasn't that the room was decorated more formally than he liked. It was the masculine ritual of lingering at the dinner table.

The women had retreated to the drawing room to enjoy gossip and music almost an hour ago; the sounds of an etude wafted through the dining room doorway, nothing schoolgirlish in its execution. Lucien brought his glass of port to his lips, battling his impatience. Never had an evening dragged the way this one did. It had to be nearly ten. Then again, he'd never before anticipated a game in which he would win a kiss.

Or, more. Desire stirred sharply. Definitely more.

Lucien sipped again. Cassie had to know his reputation with cards. With that in mind the only reason she would have agreed to his terms was because she intended to lose. His need to again brush his fingers against her bare skin tormented him. Their card game was nothing more than pretense, the way Cassie justified moving from the card table to his bed.

He drained his port to its dregs, swigging it like water instead of exceedingly fine liquor then leaned back in his chair, one that looked too delicate to hold him. A white-wigged footman was instantly at his elbow, decanter in hand. Lucien let the servant refill the crystal goblet with tawny liquid as he glanced around the room.

During the day the number of Devanney's guests swelled to more than fifty, but only twenty actually stayed at Ryecroft Castle. The locals went home for the night, not to return until the next morning and their outing to the ruins of a local abbey. That made the evening meal an intimate gathering. Too intimate.

The dining room had become Percy's stage as he told the tale of Prinny hunting on his father's estate, a tale Lucien had heard more than once. His former ward looked even more outrageous tonight, wearing a waistcoat of silver-shot blue silk sprinkled with spangles beneath his black evening attire. Lucien suspected Percy's startling attire was meant to impress Miss Elizabeth Conningsby and undo Egremont. Egremont and Percy were friendly competitors in all things, Egremont wanting what Percy had, Percy trying to take what Egremont had from him. Right now, the bone of their contention was Cassie's beautiful sister.

Devanney, his evening attire cut with a Corinthian in mind, slouched happily in his chair at the table's head. Lucien sent his cousin a pointed look that asked if they might please adjourn this gathering. Devanney gave a horrified shake of his head. For good reason. Once Devanney entered the drawing room he became Duchess Eleanor's willing slave.

Devanney quirked his brow to ask Lucien why there should be any hurry. The only reply Lucien could offer was a shrug. The last thing he wanted his cousin to know was that he continued to pursue Cassie despite his refusal last night. That would only give Devanney hope for his prank.

Devanney eyed him for a moment then grimaced in acquiescence. Relieved, Lucien turned his attention back onto Percy and his story, only to have a movement near the table's end catch his eye. Sir Roland Conningsby had turned in his chair to watch the drawing room door, a worried frown on his broad brow.

Once again Conningsby surprised Lucien. The erstwhile sot hadn't touched his dinner wine and only toyed with his port. Cassie's father looked more downcast than Lucien thought possible for the little buffoon.

Percy's tale finally ended as it always did, with the overweight regent tumbling off his horse. A spate of uncomfortable laughter followed. Devanney straightened in his chair.

"Your mind wanders far from hills and hunting, Hollier," he called to Lucien. "Do we bore you?"

"Not at all," Lucien replied, cursing his cousin behind his smile. Devanney might have acquiesced, but he still wanted his explanation for why Lucien was in such a hurry.

"Lord Graceton is far too polite to admit the truth, Lord Ryecroft," Percy said, his words slurring. The lad hadn't yet learned to hold his liquor; he'd consumed not only his own portion of wine and port, but what Sir Roland hadn't. "If his mind wanders it's because Prinny's foibles annoy him."

"That's enough said about that, Percy," Lucien warned. "Lord Graceton's right. It's time to leave our regent and his preoccupations for something closer to hand," said Egremont.

Even wearing his gold trimmed regimentals, the young man seemed Percy's opposite, plain where Percy was handsome and slender where his friend had a more powerful build. Egremont's only remarkable feature was the startling blue color of his eyes. That, combined with his wavy black hair saved him from being nondescript. He looked at Lucien. "My lord, might I interest you in a game of cards?"

That was the activity Lucien wanted, but not the partner he craved. The same couldn't be said of Egremont. The colonel had a score to settle, having recently lost seventy pounds to Lucien.

"You might," Lucien said, offering the only reply polite society allowed. Egremont wouldn't be willing to let him move on to a new partner until one of them had lost the night's limit. Lucien gnashed his teeth at the thought of yet another delay before claiming Cassie's kiss.

The colonel smiled widely and rose. "Well then my lords and good gentlemen, what do you say about joining the ladies?"

Since every man except Devanney was eager to be on to a new occupation it didn't take long for them to file from the room. Lucien, his refreshed glass of port in hand, waited for his cousin as the men made their exodus.

Devanney scowled as he joined Lucien. "Why didn't I refuse when Her Grace informed me she was coming?" Devanney muttered as they met.

Lucien laughed a little. "Because she's your grandfather's sister and you're a devoted nephew."

"More fool me," Devanney grumbled, walking into the drawing room.

With so few guests in residence there were only five card tables set up at one end of the room. That left more chairs available for those who preferred the amiable pastimes of music and conversation. It was Barbara at the piano. Her eyes were closed as her clever fingers filled the room with the grandeur of her piece. Miss Elizabeth Conningsby stood beside her, turning pages that Barbara wasn't watching.

Cassie sat in a nearby chair, enjoying the performance. She no longer wore the demure green-sprigged dress he'd fastened this afternoon, but a fashionably cut lavender gown, a breath of lacy shawl covering the mounds of her breasts that rose above her bodice. Knowing she again wore her corset tantalized rather than daunted Lucien. She could play the modest matron all she wanted, but he knew better.

A plush lilac velvet turban trimmed in gold covered her head. A few golden ringlets escaped its confinement, one curling tress trailing down the slender length of her neck. Lucien swallowed, reminded of the strands he'd caressed this afternoon. Lord, but he wanted to feel the silky smoothness of her hair against his fingers, to place a kiss upon her nape.

Impatience rose beyond all bearing. Fifteen minutes at the table with Egremont would be too long. Lucien wanted his game with Cassie, and he wanted it now.

Duchess Eleanor rose from the back of the group gathered around the piano. "About time," she called out to Devanney, her age-deepened voice interrupting the recital. "Barbara, enough of that tedious plunking. It's time to play cards."

A true musician, Barbara didn't falter or stop, but new color stained her cheeks. Her chin quivered. Miss Elizabeth laid a consoling hand on her shoulder. Cassie shot the duchess a disapproving glance.

"Barbara!" Eleanor trumpeted when her daughter didn't come to heel.

Annoyance flickered across Cassie's face. "A little patience, Your Grace," she said in a loud whisper. "Lady Barbara has almost reached the piece's end."

Eleanor gawked at being so boldly accosted by a mere knight's daughter. Devanney choked on a laugh. Approval swelled in Lucien. There weren't many women with courage to confront a duchess. Most of those in this room trembled at the social harm the powerful duchess might do them should they dare.

"Shall we game, my lord?" Egremont prodded then led the way to the tables.

Lucien followed, shooting yet another look over his shoulder at Cassie. She watched him in return. When their gazes met she bit her lower lip and turned in her chair.

That she couldn't keep her eyes off him only fed Lucien's desire for her. If he needed to play like an ass and lose twenty pounds to Egremont in the next fifteen minutes so be it.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Cassie turned forward in her chair again, her heart pounding. Part of it was irritation at the duchess's rudeness, the other was Lucien. Dinner had offered her plenty of time in which to lament her sad want of sense in agreeing to their wager. With his every glance Lucien told her that it wasn't just a kiss he wanted or expected from her.

Why hadn't she simply swallowed her pride and asked him to give back what her father had taken? Suffering his pity would have been far better than him believing her loose.

Seated next to Cassie Lady Ross leaned close. She was a nervous woman with pale brown curls and a tendency to hold her folded hands mouse-like at the center of her chest. She whispered, "Well done, Mrs. Marston. We're all so accustomed to Her Grace's rudeness that we forget to hold her to her own standard."

Seated on Cassie's other side Philana leaned forward to look at Lady Ross. Her plume, held in her hair by its diamond-studded clip, bobbed as she nodded. "Now do you understand my excitement over my niece's visit, Margaret? Having her and her family staying with me this summer is such a boon. That house of mine has felt terribly empty since," she broke off when moisture gleamed in her eyes.

Guilt crashed down onto Cassie. She and her family weren't staying the summer. They'd be fortunate if they managed to linger the full two weeks of the party.

Lady Barbara brought her piano piece to its conclusion without further interruption. When the final sweet notes echoed into silence Eliza clapped in approval. Philana, seated next to Cassie, did the same. Others joined them.

Lady Barbara acknowledged their appreciation with a shy smile and gathered up her play book. Mr. Percy rushed to join Eliza. The dandy, one of Eliza's new admirers, leered, his face framed between his exalted collar points. "Miss Elizabeth, would you consider playing for us?"

"Heavens no," Eliza retorted with a laugh. "I should seem dross after Lady Barbara's glittering performance."

Cassie gave thanks that Eliza was no ninnyhammer. She'd never give men like Mr. Percy more credit than their due. Eliza knew that dandies like him were far too vain to let their affections expand past the tips of their own toes.

"Here now, Sir Roland." The spangled young man pulled Roland closer to the piano. "You must convince your youngest to play for us."

Roland looked old and faded tonight even in his evening attire. "You must heed her refusal, I think. Our 'Liza's fingers tend to betray her, but she's quite the thrush. Why not ask her to sing?"

Cassie eyed their father in surprise. So did Eliza. Neither of them realized Roland had ever noticed Eliza's talent at singing. To the best of Cassie's knowledge this was the first time he'd ever so much as spoken of his daughter in public.

Lord Ryecroft's younger brother, a lad of fifteen, ambled over to join them. Lady Ross's daughter, a girl about Eliza's age, followed him, bringing with her two female friends. That caught the attention of the other young men in the chamber and a group began to form.

Eliza laughed, shaking her head. "Don't ask me to sing, at least not now. I'd much rather something more active. Has anyone an idea?"

"What do you say to a stroll under the night sky?" Mr. Percy asked, offering just the sort of expedition Eliza enjoyed. "It's not every night that Scotland offers a sky clear enough to see the stars."

Excitement blossomed on Eliza's face. "Why that sounds lovely, doesn't it?" She looked to the young people gathering around her. "If one of you has a spare neckcloth we might even play hoodman blind."

That elicited an explosion from the others, some seconding Eliza's suggestion, others offering substitute games. Dismay darkened Mr. Percy's face, suggesting that he'd hoped for a more intimate amble than the sort Eliza planned. Still, he was a good sport and joined the others in their anticipation of the adventure.

"Come with us, Aunt Philana," Eliza called. "We'll need someone objective enough to call faults when we play our game."

"Of course," Philana said.

"Might I escort you, Lady Forster?" Roland asked.

Philana blinked in surprise, but was too-well mannered to refuse. "There's a capital idea, Sir Roland," she said, taking his arm.

"Will you come with us, Cassie?" Eliza stretched out a hand to her sister, forgetting in her exhilaration Cassie's purpose at this party.

"I think not," Cassie replied. Knowing of no way to remind Eliza without telling the whole room their secret, she said, "Traces of last night's headache remain and I fear the night air may exacerbate it. I don't want to miss our ride to the abbey on the morrow."

Eliza's pleasure dimmed. "Perhaps I should stay with you?"

"Of course not," Philana said swiftly, glancing from Eliza to Cassie, then to the card tables. Philana not only knew Cassie's plan to use her skill at the tables on behalf of her family, she heartily approved even if it meant lightening the purses of her neighbors. Unlike Roland, Philana didn't believe there was anything eerie or unfair about Cassie's ability.

"Why should you stay, Eliza, when the room teems with folk?" Roland seconded. The hopeful look he sent Cassie suggested he still depended on her to solve the problem he'd created.

"Ah," Eliza said, her memory jogged by their reactions. "But of course you should stay, Cassie. However, if you change your mind later you must come into the garden and join us."

"I will," Cassie promised.

After waving them out the garden door she meandered toward the card players. Lord Ryecroft played with the duchess and Barbara at the nearest table. Her Grace shot Cassie a scathing glance.

"Impudent riffraff," Lady Eleanor sniffed as Barbara laid down a card. The duchess straightened in her chair to glare at her daughter. "Why did you play that card? You know better than to lead with trump!"

At the table to their right was a squire, a baronet and a mere gentleman. The men played their game in complete silence, their concentration so complete that Cassie read them with ease. The others might be confident in what they held, but the squire had this round. That she could tell what they held so easily was reassuring. Her ability hadn't failed her.

Lucien and Colonel Egremont sat at the farthest table, the one closest to the wall, Lucien's back to the room. Cassie stopped behind him to take a bracing breath only to have her senses fill with his scent, the heat of his body, his very presence. For an instant she lost herself in appreciation of Lucien the man. She liked the way candlelight made his hair glow more golden than brown. The perfect fit of his coat told her that he had no need of the padding some men used to look masculine.

Colonel Egremont glanced up from the cards in front of him, his face radiating confused triumph. The triumph no doubt sprang from the mound of counters stacked near his hand, but Cassie had no ready explanation for his confusion. He came to his feet and bowed. "Mrs. Marston."

Lucien glanced over his shoulder. Their gazes met. Heat flared in his gray eyes. A slow, sensuous smile played across his lips.

He also rose. "Mrs. Marston."

"Where did everyone go?" Colonel Egremont asked, looking over Cassie's shoulder at the rest of the room.

Considering that the drawing room was still occupied, Cassie assumed that by everyone he meant Eliza. "A group of young people went into the garden, planning to stroll and perhaps play a game of hoodman blind," she offered.

Lucien shifted impatiently. "We play Speculation tonight, Mrs. Marston. Would you care to join us."

"Actually, my lord, I think I've taken enough of your wealth for one night," the colonel said. "If you'll excuse me?"

Lucien's deep warm laugh sent a shiver rushing through Cassie. "Absolutely. Kind of you to leave me with a coin or two for the morrow. If you like I'll hold your winnings for you to collect later."

"Many thanks, my lord." Bowing, Colonel Egremont trotted toward the garden door.

Lucien watched him go. "Well, well. I think we've been snubbed in favor of true love."

His words stabbed through Cassie. Precious little good the colonel's affection would do Eliza. Cassie dropped into the chair he'd vacated.

Still smiling, Lucien sat, collected the cards and began to shuffle. Pleasure filled his eyes. "Will you have something to drink?" he asked.

She shook her head. "No, thank you, my lord. I must be at my sharpest if I'm to keep the coins you give me."

That made Lucien laugh again. "A wise decision."

He separated four pounds in notes and a pound's worth of coins from the stack near his hand and pushed them across the table to her. Cassie pulled the precious bits of paper and metal close, hoarding them like the treasure they were.

"You don't mind playing for coins instead of using counters?" His smile was both threat and promise. He didn't expect to lose his kiss.

"Of course not," she replied, a shiver coursing up her spine. She was far too susceptible to him. This match must end as soon as possible, before his charm overwhelmed her sense.

"What game shall we play?" he asked.

"Why not Speculation?" she replied, unable to think of a game better fitted to her needs. The hands played quickly and if she raised the value of a point it could prove very lucrative in a short period of time. "What do you say to a ten shillings a point with a reckoning after ten hands?" she suggested, finding a certain symmetry to the thought of winning five hands, then losing five to keep five pounds.

Lucien paused mid-shuffle to look at her, his gaze lambent. "That's a little steep even for a game as unusual as ours, Mrs. Marston. Indeed, it's so steep I might think you eager to lose."

The raw sensual edge to his voice stirred something deep and hidden within Cassie. He was utterly convinced she meant to seduce him while she wasn't certain that she didn't want him to seduce her. Oh Lord, but she needed to put distance between them, and soon.

"That's something only the cards can determine, my lord." Cassie relaxed into her chair as best she could. "You may take the first deal."





The match went well enough through the first hands. Even with Duchess Eleanor's constant complaining at the nearby table and the laughter from those guests who hadn't gone out of doors, Cassie had no difficulty reading Lucien's face and form. She easily sensed when to stay, when to buy cards and when to speculate. Just as she planned she lost a little the first game, won substantially in the next, then lost a little again, gaining, her tiny pile of coins growing. By her fifth game she had almost eight pounds, something that left Lucien frowning in surprise.

In keeping with her pattern Cassie lost that game, returning some of what she'd earned. Then, luck happened. In each of the next two hands she drew several penalty cards, each one costing her ten shillings. She lost both of those hands, decreasing her winnings to three pounds.

What had she been thinking, setting an arbitrary end to their match? Now, to leave the table with the five pounds he'd promised her and that she so desperately needed she'd have to win all of their remaining games and that might well win her an accusation as a sharp from Lucien. Cassie gritted her teeth and won the next two hands, but only managed to return her winnings to just four pounds, ten shillings.

The tenth and final deal belonged to her. As she shuffled she watched Lucien. He was the consummate gambler, his expression flat, his eyes revealing nothing in their depths.

Ah, but it wasn't just a man's face that exposed his thoughts. Cassie eyed the taut line of his shoulders and the way he held his right hand, working the ring he wore on his third finger. Those two aspects announced his intention to win the next hand, even if he did so by will alone.

That wasn't all she saw. The creases at the corners of his eyes screamed of suspicion, something she couldn't afford. If Lucien believed he'd been cheated he'd demand a rematch. Convention required she honor the request. Even if she lost every hand in that match the damage would be done.

Cassie's future couldn't afford the scrutiny. She had to lose. Giving Lucien his kiss meant she remained free to gamble.

She dealt, sensing as she laid down the cards that his hand was the weaker. She lost by refusing to speculate. Across the table Lucien smiled in satisfaction then gathered up the pot. The creases at the corners of his eyes relaxed.

"You played well," he offered as if to console.

"Good of you to say, my lord," she replied, repressing her urge to snort at his lie. She'd played that last game like a fool and he knew it, but then he thought she lost because she wanted his kiss.

Didn't she? Why shouldn't she indulge her desires? The respectable woman she'd once believed herself was dead, perishing the moment she'd swung that urn. Color seeped up into Cassie's cheeks at the thought of what she no longer needed to deny herself.

To hide her reaction she swept her precious winnings into her reticule and snapped it shut. After smoothing her sleeves of her lavender gown, she straightened her lacy shawl over her shoulders so that the knot sat at the center of her chest. As if the gossamer garment were any protection! It revealed more than it hid.

"So, when would you like to collect what I owe you?" She almost choked on the words.

One corner of his mouth quirked up. "Now would be convenient for me, Mrs. Marston."

For an instant Cassie felt as if she stood outside herself, watching her life unfold, one unbelievable, improbable event after another. If someone had told her two weeks ago that she would kill an earl, then find herself in another earl's drawing room waiting to turn her back on propriety to claim a lord's kiss she would have accused them of insanity.

"Where?" she asked, coming to her feet.

Heat flared in the depths of Lucien's cool eyes. Once again Cassie felt his presence reach out to envelop her. He came to his feet, pulling the sleeves of his black coat back in place, then giving his stark white waistcoat a tug. "I think we should join the others in their stargazing."

Gratitude swept through Cassie. It hadn't occurred to her until this moment that he could have made their strange wager public, exposing her to ridicule, debasing her even further than she had already debased herself. She nodded in agreement, nervous nonetheless. She glanced around the chamber, wondering if any of the others in the drawing room knew what she and Lucien were about then started toward the garden doors, Lucien on her heels.

The duchess glared at Cassie as she neared Lord Ryecroft's table, but the earl smiled. He looked too big for the delicate chair he used. "Mrs. Marston," he said without rising, "have you already finished gaming for the night?"

"At least for the moment my lord," Cassie told him. "We thought we'd join the youngsters in their romp."

"Youngsters?" Lucien echoed with a breath of a laugh. "Speak for yourself, Mrs. Marston. I'm joining my peers."

For some reason Lucien's comment pleased Lord Ryecroft. The earl's face softened as he glanced between the two of them. "Enjoy yourselves, children."

"If he were joining his peers, he wouldn't be going with that unmannerly commoner at his side," snapped Duchess Eleanor, turning her attention back onto her hand. "It does your repute no favor to keep company with her sort, Lord Graceton."

"Mama," protested Lady Barbara, her voice barely louder than a whisper.

"That, Your Grace, is my concern not yours," Lucien swiftly replied, offering his rebuff along with a swift bow.

Gratitude again washed over Cassie as he defended her. Still, the duchess's words stung, perhaps because her comment hit too close to the truth. It did Lucien no favor to consort with a card-sharping murderess.

Once they were out of the duchess's hearing Cassie shot Lucien a quick look. "Thank you for that," she said as they neared the garden door. "I fear I've made a terrible enemy today."

"And, a good friend," Lucien said. "Barbara will never forget what you did for her tonight. As for the duchess you were doomed in her esteem when we waltzed the night of the ball. I fear she views you as a rival to Barbara for my attention and, eventually, my ring."

His words went through Cassie like a stake, revealing just how much she wished she were a rival for Lucien's ring. Fool! She'd let Philana's crack-brained notion of Lucien marrying her implant itself in her heart. The weedy, unwelcome thought had found fertile soil in Cassie's girlhood infatuation with him, swiftly setting down roots and feeding on his reborn attraction for her. She brutally tore it from her heart before it did any more damage.

"More fool the duchess for mistaking an old acquaintance for more than it is," she threw back over her shoulder as she exited. Lucien said nothing to contradict her.

Outside, the marble of the drawing room floor gave way to brick. The porch's surface extended a comfortable distance before ending at soft sod. Strategically placed lanterns, globes of yellow in the black velvet of the night, revealed the potted trees and statuary decorating the porch. A warm sparkling night wrapped itself around Cassie as she breathed in the scent of roses in the earl's garden. The smell tangled with the more pervasive aromas of damp earth, wood smoke and pine.

Laughter rang in the chilling air, the sound emanating a good distance from the house. Peering into the dimness, Cassie saw the pale shapes of the young explorers taking a turn about a gurgling fountain. Not certain where she was going, Cassie walked in their direction. She'd almost reached the grass when Lucien caught her by the hand. His fingers twining with hers, he gently pulled her around to face him.

Cassie gazed up at him. Night's shadows clung beneath the sharp lift of his cheekbones. Golden lantern light marked the narrow length of his nose. Once again, desire's heat radiated from him. She drew a shaken breath as his need became hers.

Saying nothing, Lucien led her to the right. An ancient marble deity appeared out of the night, its form stark white where the light touched it and feathery gray where the shadows clung. Lucien knew the grounds of his cousin's house well. Behind the statue was a small alcove cut into the house's exterior wall. Hidden from both house and garden, it was the perfect place for a tryst.

Standing with her back to the alcove's side wall Cassie watched Lucien, her nerves twanging. Yes, she'd been a bold miss in her day, but she'd respected the limits of behavior. She'd never stepped this far over propriety's line. Now that she was here she didn't know how to behave. Did she let Lucien take her in his arms? Should she allow only their mouths to touch? What if he sought to take more than his kiss? What if she took the kiss, then offered him a second?

Drawing their joined hands to his heart, Lucien watched her, his eyes cloaked in shadow. "You are truly beautiful. I swear that your image haunts me, day and night."

A hint of amusement touched his voice. Did he mean his outrageous compliment to remind her of their waltz? If so, it worked. Cassie relaxed into the role she'd played that night.

"Don't squander your flattery, my lord. It's one kiss you won from me, no more." There. She'd set the parameters of the interlude for both of them.

He laughed, the sound quiet and warm. Lifting his free hand, he brushed his fingertips along the curve of her cheek. Cassie closed her eyes, savoring the sensation. After three years with no more than Eliza's occasional embrace, his caress felt like rain on parched earth. She drank it in, wondering if she would go the rest of her life without ever again knowing a man's touch.

He didn't stop at her jawline, but moved his hand downward to beneath her ear, then to the back of her neck. With his fingertips he drew a light circle at her nape. Cassie's soft turban shifted on her head, slipping out of place. She didn't care any more than a starving man cared what sort of food he ate.

She splayed her fingers across his breast. The layers of his clothing did nothing to disguise the sculpted power of his form. His chest rose as he breathed. His heart beat against her palm, its pace faster than it should be. Cassie almost smiled. It was reassuring to know he was as affected as she by what they did.

"One kiss," she whispered, warning both of them. "Take it now and be content."

Moonlight shifted across his face. He smiled and drew another circle at her nape. That won him another shiver from Cassie.

"Are you so certain you'll be satisfied with only one kiss?"

"Enough talk," Cassie said, unwilling to play the game of taunts and very much concerned over how one sort of intimacy might lead to another.

Rising onto her toes, she touched her mouth to his. His lips were soft and warm beneath hers, his face smooth, his skin cool in the night air. He tasted of fine port.

He drew a swift breath then his mouth moved atop hers, his kiss deepening, demanding her response. What remained of Cassie's image of herself as an upstanding woman died.

Her shawl slid down to nestle in the crook of her elbows. She leaned against him, needing to feel all of him pressed against her. Their thighs touched, the heat of his body embracing her through her thin dress.

Making a sound deep in his throat, Lucien wrapped his arms around her, pulling her even more tightly to him. When their hips met Cassie gasped against his mouth. There was no mistaking how much he wanted her.

She clasped her hands at his nape, pulling herself even closer, begrudging her corset for it stood between them like a fence. Lucien tore his mouth from hers and straightened. Cassie gave a quiet cry of protest. He couldn't end their kiss yet!

Instead, he lowered his head and pressed his lips to the mound of her breast. Cassie shook, then arched away from him, offering him more of her to kiss. The tiny sane part of her cried out in shock. What sort of woman was she?

He groaned, urging her backward a step with his hands at her waist. Cassie did his bidding and found her back pressed to the wall. Lucien pressed a thigh between hers, holding her in place, then cupped her breasts through her gown and corset.

Lacking the will to stop, Cassie thrust her fingers into his hair, pressing his mouth to her breasts. He ran his fingers along the top of her bodice. Pleasure shot through her, the sensation so intense that she cried out. The sound echoed around the alcove.

Lucien instantly straightened then once more took her mouth with his. "Ssh," he whispered, breathing the warning against her mouth when she couldn't care less if anyone heard her.

He nipped at her lower lip. His thumbs brushed at the peaks of her breasts. Cassie shivered. She caught his face in her hands then took his mouth the way he'd taken hers. Lucien groaned.

Lifting her until her toes barely touched the ground, he pressed her against the alcove wall. Their hips met. She felt the heat of his desire then made it her own, moving her hips against his, begging for what she'd so missed in her widowhood.

"My hems are soaked!" Eliza's distant laughing cry echoed into the alcove.

Pleasure shattered, leaving anxiety in its wake. Eliza couldn't catch her here like this. Cassie tore her mouth from Lucien's, turning her head to the side.

"Stop," she pleaded.

"Never," Lucien whispered. His lips touched her jaw, her throat.

"You must stop," Cassie insisted, even as the line of kisses he placed upon her neck sent need shivering through her. "They're coming this way."

Lucien groaned, his lips resting at the place where her neck met her shoulder. Cassie felt the rapid beat of his heart against hers. His hair brushed her throat. He lifted his mouth a bare inch from her shoulder.

"God help me, but I don't want to stop," he murmured, his breath caressing her skin.

Cassie wanted to weep. God had better help them both, because she didn't want him to stop either.

Relaxing his hold on her waist, Lucien let Cassie slide down the wall, her feet again coming to rest upon the earth. She expected him to step back. Instead, he drew her into the circle of his arms. Being held by him was so comforting, so natural despite what they had just done, that Cassie laid her head against his shoulder.

"Don't go so far ahead. We oldsters cannot keep pace," came Philana's faint call. "Come faster, Sir Roland!"

Sighing, Lucien opened his arms and backed away a step. "Your forfeit—", his voice broke. He cleared his throat and tried again. "I'm satisfied."

An aching laugh escaped Cassie. "Liar," she whispered.

Lucien made a sound deep in his chest. Reaching out, he caught her face in his hands and took a second kiss. The depth of his need left her knees weak.

He released her, this time backing beyond arm's length. "You're right, I'm not at all satisfied," he said, his voice low and hard. "Because of that I cannot stay."

He turned and walked away into the darkness. Cassie drew a broken breath and sagged against the wall, consumed by how deeply she wanted him. Her fingers shaking, she did her best to straighten her turban, tucking dislodged hairs back beneath the soft cap. She slapped her skirts back into decent folds and pulled her shawl up over her shoulders. And she still left the alcove feeling as if she walked on ice.

She came around the statue just as a laughing Eliza raced onto the brick porch. Eliza slid to a halt as she saw her sister. "Oh, but you're too late, Cassie. We're just coming back within doors. We've ruined our footwear with the dew I'm sorry to say."

"What a shame," Cassie said, walking into a circle of lantern light. How could her voice sound so normal when her insides felt like jelly?

Eliza frowned, reaching out to smooth hair off Cassie's face. "What's this? Your turban is askew and your hair's all tumbled."

Cassie gave thanks that it was only her hair that had tumbled. "Will you fix it for me, darling?"

Eliza flashed a bright smile. "You know I won't." She snatched the turban off her sister's head.

"Eliza!" Cassie protested, grabbing for her cap.

With a laugh Eliza danced away. "Didn't I tell you not to wear this silly thing in the first place? I don't know why you insist on dressing like some dowager."

Cassie lunged for her sister. Eliza dodged, squealing happily. "If you want it you must come and get it," she taunted, backing away, holding out the turban for Cassie to take.

"Give it back," Cassie demanded even as she gave thanks for her sister. Racing around Lord Ryecroft's park would not only serve as the perfect excuse for her disarray, but would be the distraction she needed to put aside her longing for Lucien. Then she'd be free to return to the card tables and devote herself to saving her sister.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Eating himself alive for want of Cassie, Lucien circled the house to the front door, surprising the footman tending the entrance. He gave the servant a nod then made his way to the residential wing. He couldn't face Devanney, or anyone else in the drawing room, until he once more had his body under control.

He took the stairs two at a time, then walked down the corridor to his room. The image of Cassie's bared back this afternoon returned to haunt him, just as it had all evening. Knowing that she slept only yards from him did nothing for his already weakened control. As long as she shared a bed with her sister she might as well be a continent away.

Stopping in front of his door, Lucien closed his eyes. Lovesick fools and poets spoke of the earth moving beneath their feet at a lover's kiss. Lucien had considered such protestations only poetic poppycock until a few moments ago. The earth had moved when Cassie touched her mouth to his. His legs still trembled beneath him.

Throwing open the door, Lucien strode into his chamber. Hastings, his valet, sat in the middle of the bed—a bed more than big enough to accommodate lovemaking—with his long legs and stockinged feet folded tailor-fashion beneath him. He played solitaire. His eyes round as coins, his mouth gaping, he scrambled off the bed.

"My lord, I didn't expect you," he stuttered, striving to reclaim his dignity and straighten his clothing at the same time.

"For good reason. I didn't expect to be here," Lucien said, working to make his voice gentle when he wanted to roar in frustration.

"Ah," the valet said, pursing his lips in comprehension. "I think you might need a little of the local brew. I've tasted it. Laidlaw keeps it at your lodge," he said, referring to the husband of Lucien's housekeeper. "It'll dull anything that pains you. Lord Ryecroft's butler will happily send a man to procure some in trade for a bottle of the French brandy hiding in Graceton's cellar."

Scotch whiskey. Little did Hastings know how often Lucien had shared Jamie Laidlaw's brew these last two years. He smiled at his valet. Hastings was obtuse, but that didn't change the fact that he was a genius with more than just neckcloths.

"Ryecroft is richer by a bottle of brandy. Be quick about it, Hastings."





"Another beautiful day," Devanney said, his tone taunting.

His head pounding, Lucien looked at his cousin, his hands too tight on his reins. Beneath him his tall bay gelding snorted, dancing a little in reaction. The bay was too high-strung for his own good, requiring constant attention, something Lucien didn't have in any supply this morning. Devanney stared straight ahead from the saddle of his favorite horse, as big and ugly a beast as any Lucien had ever seen.

The house party was making its way by horse and donkey to the abbey, enjoying a day perfect for such an outing. The sun stood directly overhead in a sky marred by only a few clouds. A meadow opened up before them, sprinkled with late summer flowers going to seed. Sheep grazed, still looking naked after their shearing last month. A distant copse of trees framed the weathered skeleton of the ancient monastery.

Both Lucien and Devanney wore brown coats, buckskin riding trousers, Hessians, and tall hats upon their heads; it was the uniform required of all country outings. Only their waistcoats were different. Devanney's was a warm red while Hastings had declared that Lucien should wear cream colored silk.

Laughter rose from the riders to Devanney's left. Squinting against the sun's painfully brightness, Lucien glanced at last night's stargazers. The group had swelled to twice its number with the addition of Devanney's local guests. Cassie and her sister, mounted on sprightly donkeys from Devanney's stable, rode at their center.

Cassie looked radiant this morning, dressed in a blue riding habit. A straw bonnet framed her oval face, pressing tendrils of golden hair against her brow and cheeks. The blue ribbons knotted beneath her chin complimented her complexion. Her brown eyes soft and pretty, she smiled at Lady Forster. Dear God, but he still wanted her as deeply as he had last night.

"Dare I tell you that you look the devil's own this morning?" Devanney asked, sending a laughing sidelong look in Lucien's direction.

"I can't imagine why," Lucien replied with no little sarcasm. He knew better than to overindulge in any spirits, much less Scotch whiskey. Rather, he'd known better until Cassie's kiss left him beyond control. He vaguely recalled describing in lewd detail what had happened in the garden alcove to Hastings.

"Where did you disappear to last night?" Devanney asked, probing where he had no right to pry.

"To bed," Lucien said shortly.

"An early night?" Devanney prodded again.

"An early night," Lucien agreed, doing his best to close the door on the topic.

The mere hint to mind his own business didn't stop his cousin. "Too bad you didn't join the youngsters in their romp. Mrs. Marston came back looking in fine fettle, for a dowager that is." He laughed. "Even Percy raved over the escapade, although he bemoaned the state of his shoes and trousers."

"You don't intend to let this go, do you?" Lucien eyed Devanney, his hands once again tight on his reins. His gelding snorted in complaint.

Devanney grinned. "How can I, when I'm eating myself alive, needing to know what's happened? First you won't have Mrs. Marston. Twenty-four hours later you're following her out of the drawing room, grinning like a satisfied cat. Not twenty minutes later I learn you've retired early. Meanwhile she's in the garden playing hoodman blind with the others."

The thought of Cassie enjoying herself while his desire for her ate him alive didn't sit well with Lucien. Surely their interlude hadn't affected him so much more than it did her. He looked over Devanney's shoulder at Cassie.

She had her face tilted upward to address Egremont, who sat on a tall steed. The curve of her neck and arch of her back reminded Lucien of how she'd lifted her breasts for him to kiss. Blast it, she had to have been as affected as he.

Stewing on the thought, Lucien turned his gaze back onto Devanney. "I'm not responsible for what Mrs. Marston does or doesn't do."

The words came out more harshly than he intended. Lucien stifled his groan, recognizing his mistake. Now nothing would stop Devanney's prying.

His cousin chuckled, the sound low and taunting. "Let me guess. She refused you, and in doing so inadvertently whetted your appetite for her."

His cousin was half right. Lucien's appetite for Cassie was well whetted. If only she had refused him. Instead he had to live with the knowledge that if he'd pressed her just a little harder last night she would have surrendered herself, body and soul, right there in the alcove.

The thought gave Lucien pause. Why hadn't he pressed her? After all, the whole point of pursuing her was seduction, and she'd been his for the taking.

The sound of a galloping horse rose from behind them. Both Lucien and Devanney turned to see who came. It was Percy, looking more centaur than man atop a splendid thoroughbred mare. There was nothing flashy about the lad this morning; Percy was deadly serious about his horses and racing.

"Egad," Lucien said to Devanney, "has the world ended? What's he doing up so early?" Lucien couldn't remember ever seeing Percy about before two in the afternoon.

Devanney shrugged. "Can you consider a man arisen when he hasn't yet seen his bed? Percy said he had business in Hawick this morning. Rather than sleep for an hour or two he chose to watch the sun rise, then rode out. That's an expensive looking nag he rides."

So she was, but then one expected nothing less from Percy. The black mare had powerful, fluid lines, her stockinged legs owning the perfect taper of her breed. She'd make a good addition to Lord Westmorland's stable. She might even make Percy some money on the course.

As always Percy couldn't resist offering his audience a show. Standing in his stirrups, coattails flying, hat cocked at a jaunty angle, he sent his new horse tearing through the ranks of Devanney's guests, whooping with joy all the way. The older men and dowagers in the party shook their heads and fingers in chastisement. The younger women bent admiring glances in Percy's direction. Not so the young men. They watched Percy's mare in envy.

"Egremont, come ride with me," Percy shouted, beckoning to his friend as he reined his new acquisition into a walk alongside Lucien's fretful bay.

Despite the thick dark rings hanging beneath his bloodshot eyes, Percy's neckcloth was fresh and his jaw devoid of what little beard he could grow. "Good morrow, my lords," he said in congenial greeting. "What do you think of her? She's a little young, but she has heart. Why, she wanted to gallop all the way here from Hawick."

Egremont grinned at Percy as he reined in his horse alongside the mare. "She's everything you said she'd be, Percy. Graceful lines and a pretty face. What more could a man want in a horse?"

Lucien's gaze strayed to Cassie. Graceful lines and a pretty face. What more could a man want of the woman in his bed?

Percy hid a yawn behind his hand then frowned at Lucien. "How now, my lord. You look gray at the gills and pinched this morning."

"He overindulged last night," Devanney offered, smiling.

Lucien glared at his cousin. Just as he thought. No doubt Devanney had the news from his butler who'd brought the whiskey.

"You?" Percy said to Lucien then offered a commiserating nod. "Know how that goes, old man."

Then Percy noticed the ruins looming ahead of them. "Look at that! I made it just in time. We've arrived."

John Knox's faith and Cromwell's cannons had turned a once thriving religious community into nothing but an empty stone shell. But in destruction the building gained a lyrical beauty. Ivy softened its lichen-stained walls. Empty of the colored glass they'd once contained, the delicate pointed stone windows marched down the abbey's side.

Percy frowned at Lucien, then looked away, only to grimace and once more meet Lucien's gaze. "My lord, I hesitate to ruin your day, but I cannot in good conscience withhold what I saw in Hawick this morning. Lord Bucksden stays at the inn there."

Rage tore through Lucien at the mention of that dastard's name. His hands jerked on his reins. His bay reacted by kicking at Percy's mare.

Whinnying in surprise, the mare bucked. Percy's hat flew. Egremont's mount bolted. That only further startled the mare. Bucking and leaping, she bolted into the sedate ranks of the riders.

Shouting, Devanney's guests scattered. The mare carried a hard-pressed Percy around the altar end of the ruined church. Devanney, Egremont and Lucien followed. Everyone else guided their mounts to the far safer nave end.

By the time Percy regained control he and his mare were halfway across the erstwhile monastery's grounds. He brought the trembling horse to a halt at the edge of the tumbling stream that cut through the ancient property. Dismounting, he stroked and murmured to the mare. Devanney and Egremont joined him after tying up their horses. Lucien guided his bay to a halt far enough from the thoroughbred that his horse could do no more harm.

He considered staying with his horse. For him, anger was a private emotion, its expression too extreme to be borne in any polite company or near those whose opinions he valued. But the need to verify what Percy said was too great. It took every bit of his will to tame what roiled in him as he left his gelding to graze as he would and joined the others at the water's edge.

"You must be mistaken, Percy," he said. "Bucksden knows I summer in the area. He's been careful to avoid me for almost three years now."

Although Lucien had spoken only to Devanney of his need to end Bucksden's life, Bucksden had recognized the threat in Lucien's face the few times their paths had crossed before Dorothea's death. That had been enough to convince the earl he was safer at a distance from Graceton's lord.

"I'm not mistaken," Percy insisted, stroking his horse's side. "It was Bucksden, although he looks as though he boxed the watch and got the worst of it. Head's swathed in bandages and his eyes are blackened."

Lucien tried to take some satisfaction in the card cheat's injuries. He couldn't. He wanted to be the one who dealt Bucksden his wounds. And so he would do, as soon as he had a son to carry on his line and name.

Which he wouldn't have if he didn't get himself a wife.

Lucien freed a disbelieving breath; by God, but Devanney's distraction was working. From the moment Cassie had exposed her naked back to him yesterday Lucien had completely forgotten about arranging his next marriage.

Miss Elizabeth Conningsby strode around the end of the abbey church. She carried Percy's hat in her hand. Cassie followed her sister.

Lucien stared at Cassie and felt nothing. His attraction to her hadn't survived the depths of his hatred for Bucksden. Cassie caught his look. Color seeped into her cheeks, only to ebb almost as swiftly. A tiny crease appeared on her brow and she hurried her pace.

"Mr. Percy, are you safe and well?" Miss Elizabeth asked as she closed the distance between them.

"I am, Miss Elizabeth," Percy replied, turning to show the beauty his finer side.

Laughing, Egremont stepped a little ahead of Percy to usurp his friend's pose. "His wholeness is a matter of some question. Look inside that hat and see if the idiot didn't lose his brain along with his chapeau."

Miss Elizabeth smiled impishly, her brown eyes sparkling over two gentlemen competing for her affections. She stopped before them. Cassie halted a few steps behind her, watching Lucien more closely than he liked.

"Here you are, sir," Miss Elizabeth said, handing Percy his hat, "none the worse for the experience. The hat, I mean."

"I'm eternally grateful, miss." Percy restored his hat to his head, tilting it a little. "Do come see what I've acquired. Have no fear. She's really the most gentle of creatures."

"She's beautiful," Miss Elizabeth said, her hands caught close to her chest and her enthusiasm contrived. "But her coat is wet. Perhaps I can admire her later, when she's clean? Well, now that you have your hat, I'd like to return to the ruins. I brought my sketch pad, thinking to do a little drawing. This place is gorgeous. I don't want to waste a moment with my back to it."

So saying, Elizabeth Conningsby started away from Percy and Egremont, tossing an enticing glance over her shoulder as she went. Neither young man could resist. They flew after her.

"I'll come with you," Percy announced, taking one arm as one of Devanney's following servants came to care for his horse.

"Would you show me your drawings?" Egremont asked, taking her other.

"I'd be delighted." Laughing, Elizabeth sashayed past her sister.

Lucien waited for Cassie to follow. Instead, she stood as if she'd been planted. Devanney glanced at her, then his brows lowered and he stepped to Lucien's side.

"Shall I stay or go?" he asked quietly, offering to be the ear Lucien needed to work his way out of rage at the same time he tried again to use Cassie as a distraction.

If Lucien hadn't been trapped in cold anger he might have laughed. His cousin still believed Cassie held some attraction for him. She didn't, not now that he knew Bucksden was within reach. Nor was he ready to talk his way out of his rage at the earl.

"Go," he replied.

Devanney gave a nod then strode after the giggling threesome. Once his cousin had rounded the church's corner, Lucien turned his gaze on Cassie, waiting for her to leave as well now that they were alone and unchaperoned. He craved time and privacy to restore his control.

Instead, she held her ground, watching him in return. That tiny frown still marred her pretty brow. "Are you well?" she asked at last.

"I'm not injured," Lucien replied shortly.

"That wasn't what I meant." Cassie's tiny frown blossomed into full blown concern. "A moment ago you looked so bleak. I thought perhaps something had happened?"

A breath of a laugh escaped Lucien. Bleak wasn't the emotion he'd been feeling. Anger, for certain. Frustration, perhaps, even impatience. If only he had a brother, or a cousin who bore the Hollier name. Instead, he was the last man in the long, unbroken line of men who had held Graceton's title since the Conquest. Because of that Lucien couldn't call out Bucksden until he had a son to follow him, even though he knew he was a better man with weapons than Bucksden. A man who cheated at cards would have no compunction about cheating in a duel, not when it meant preserving his own life.

Cassie's eyes widened. She closed the distance between them. "It's your own death I see in your face," she cried softly, her eyes alive with fear for him. "Tell me. What's happened?"

Much to Lucien's surprise the whole story—that he believed he'd caught Bucksden cheating at the tables, that Bucksden to protect himself from Lucien's accusation had seduced the weak-willed Dorothea so any accusation Lucien made would seem petty vengeance, of the poor dead babe who might or might not have been Lucien's son—crowded onto his tongue. He kept his mouth closed.

His anger over the wrong done to him by Bucksden and his wife was private, his own personal hell. If he wanted to soothe his rage, then he'd speak to Devanney, who knew the tale although he hadn't been in England at the time the events occurred. Exposing it to Cassie would be an act as intimate as the kiss they'd shared last night. How could he contemplate offering her such honesty, and exposing himself to her ridicule? She was nothing more to him than a pleasant way to pass the two weeks of this house party.

"There's nothing to tell," he said, only to hear the bleakness she mentioned in his voice.

Turning his back to her, he stared down into the stream. Yellow pipe lined the banks, their tall, narrow leaves and yellow flowers shivering as water rushed over their roots. Golden coins of sunlight dropped through the overhanging branches to pierce the tumbling water. Where the light reached the stream bed he could see smooth cobbles and the occasional shadow of a fish.

Fabric rustled. Cassie was leaving him. The isolation of shame again closed its lonely hand around Lucien. He fell easily into its familiar grip, having come to know it well these past three years.

To his surprise Cassie appeared at his side. She stood with her hands folded before her. Bowing her head, she watched the shimmering, shifting water.

Lucien opened his mouth to tell her to leave, only to close it without speaking. He didn't want her to go, but neither did he want her here. He waited for her to say something. One question, even an innocent comment, and he could dismiss her.

Still, she said nothing, only stared down into the water, bearing him company. Isolation's grip shattered. As it retreated something warm and quiet stirred deep within him, both comforting and comfortable. Tension began to drain from him.

Time ticked past, measured by the gurgle of the stream, the nearby song of the wren and cooing doves, and the distant tap-tap of a woodpecker. Lucien's rage continued to recede, doing so without effort on his part. One minute he smelled nothing but cold water and leaf mold, the next he savored the scent of Cassie's rose perfume. With that scent came the recall of his mouth on her skin and his fingers in her hair.

Without thought, Lucien caught Cassie by the arm, turning her toward him. She looked up into his face. Concern for him filled her brown eyes. Her loosened bonnet ribbons streamed down the front of her riding habit, marking the lift of her breasts.

"Why are you here?" he asked at last.

"Because you needed a friend."

Her answer was simple, but it revealed a truth he hadn't given enough credence until this moment. He and Cassie were friends. They had always been friends, even after he'd so rudely abandoned her all those years ago.

With rage still seething in him, he lowered his gaze to her mouth and discovered another truth. There were two ways to soothe his anger. One was to talk his way out of it with Devanney. The other would be to make love to Cassie, venting into her body what had boiled in him for so long.

The thought was so seductive that he slipped his arms around her, drawing her close. She laid her hands on his chest, pressing back from him. The heat of her palms penetrated his clothing to sear his skin.

"My lord, this isn't why I stayed," she protested softly.

"I know that," Lucien replied, speaking yet another truth. It might not be why she'd stayed, but the primal joining of their bodies was what he wanted from her now. Nothing else mattered.

He pressed tiny kisses to her mouth, her chin, her cheek then one to the corner of her jaw beneath her ear. She sighed at that, resistance beginning to drain from her. That was all the invitation he needed.

Lucien took her mouth with his, demanding she become the woman of the alcove. Her lips softened beneath his onslaught. He pulled her closer still. Her bonnet tumbled from her head, hitting the ground near her feet. With it went a pair of big haircombs. Her hair uncurled from its knot, spilling down her back in a glorious golden mass. Lucien thrust his fingers into its thickness, savoring its softness.

Shivering, Cassie turned her head to the side. "Let me go," she whispered. "You must let me go, my lord."

He didn't want to let her go. He wanted to lay her onto the sod, cover her with his body then love her until he no longer remembered anything except her.

Anything but Cassie? He froze. Damn Devanney! His distraction was working.

Lucien's arms opened. Cassie stumbled back a step as eager to escape him as he was to let her go. Stooping, she snatched up her fallen combs and bonnet then disappeared into the foliage along the stream's bank. When she reappeared her hair was once more neatly confined beneath her bonnet. She stopped a few yards from him, well out of arm's reach. It was her turn to look bleak.

"It shames me to know that I've lost your good opinion," she said, her voice so low he barely heard her over the stream.

She turned and strode away from him. Lucien watched her disappear around the church's corner. A new emptiness opened up within him.

If she thought she was the only one who paid a price for that kiss they'd shared last night, then she was wrong. Their kiss had shattered their ease with each other, irrevocably changing them. His life would be the poorer for that.

Closing his eyes, Lucien drove out all thoughts of Cassie. Simmering rage, born on the day Bucksden had seduced his wife, once more closed its hand around him. He sank back into its familiar embrace. There would be no more distractions.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Distraught, Cassie made her way around the corner of the ruined church as quickly as she could. She now knew exactly what happened to women who strayed too far from propriety's boundaries. Never again would she banter with Lucien the way she had at the waltz, because he would never again respect any limit she placed on him. Instead, he'd see her every gesture as an invitation to join her in bed. What grieved her most was that despite the way their previous relationship had ended, she did consider—had considered—Lucien a friend. The desire they'd unleashed between them last night had irrevocably ended that.

"Cassie!" Philana caught her by the arm. "Didn't you hear me calling you?"

Cassie blinked herself back into awareness, only to realize she'd walked the whole length of the church without noticing. She glanced around her. Beneath the arching canopy of broken stone vaulting over their head Lord Ryecroft's guests strolled the church's length in twos and threes, their footsteps muffled by the grassy carpet beneath their feet. Lady Ross's young son climbed into an empty window and struck a pose. Animated conversation echoed from the altar end of the ruin. Wearing high-waisted riding habits in shades of green and blue, Eliza and her newfound female friends sketched from their seats on a crumbling length of gray wall dotted with tiny, star-bright daisies. Standing behind them were the party's young bucks, busily complimenting the women they wooed on their artwork.

"What's happened?" Philana asked.

The spray of gray feathers decorating the old woman's bonnet rippled in the day's gentle breeze. Her riding habit was a deep green, a color that suited her and made her blue eyes seem brighter. And, sharper, as if she could pluck out with her gaze what Cassie preferred to keep hidden.

Feeling as lonely as Lucien had looked a few moments ago, Cassie shook her head. "Nothing worthy of your worry, Philana."

That was God's own truth. No upright woman could have any pity for her. Lucien's behavior this morning was exactly what she deserved, considering what she'd done with him yesterday.

The worry on Philana's face shifted into pique. "What you use to put off your father won't work on me," she scolded then her gaze shifted onto something beyond Cassie's shoulder.

The irritation cleared from Philana's face. "Now that's a pleasant sight for these old eyes."

Cassie glanced behind her to see Lucien striding into the church. Despite all that was wrong between them she still reacted to his presence. How could she not? His buckskin riding trousers displayed his powerful thighs, his brown coat the breadth of his shoulders. He looked more privateer than titled nobleman, what with his roughhewn features, lightly curling hair and his sun-browned skin.

Cassie looked back at her aunt, determined to end her meddling. "Lord Graceton tells me that Duchess Eleanor expects him to wed Lady Barbara."

"No," Philana cried, her brows flying high. "He cannot seriously entertain such a notion. Why, the two of them couldn't be less suited. Their union would be the same disaster his first marriage was, although not for the same reasons. At least Barbara's not the brainless idiot Lady Dorothea was."

Cassie didn't know how great an idiot Lucien's wife had been except that her name had been one of those scandalously linked with Lord Bucksden. By the time a widowed Cassie had returned to London, Lady Graceton had retired enceinte to Lucien's estate, where she and her child later died. By then the gossips had moved onto the next scandal du jour.

"I tell you, Cassie, Lord Graceton is meant for you," Philana was saying. "Everyone here can see it. Why, haven't a dozen people told me what a handsome couple the two of you make?"

Cassie sagged, unable to bear her aunt's persistence on this most painful subject. "Enough, Philana," she pleaded. "Every time you speak of this my concentration flags. If I can't concentrate, then I cannot win what I need to sustain my family," she lied.

Philana's face softened. She pulled her niece into her embrace. Cassie relaxed against her aunt, finding the warmth of Philana's body as comforting as her familiar violet water scent. Only the little dignity Cassie had left to her kept her from burying her face against Philana's shoulder and sobbing like a babe.

"Tell me," Philana crooned. "Tell your auntie what makes you fret so."

The dangerous desire to spill all the horrors of the past weeks washed over Cassie. She dare not, not when doing so compromised Philana's safety. Cassie pulled free of her aunt's embrace and took a step to the side. Confusion and hurt tangled in Philana's expression. That she'd hurt Philana tore Cassie to bits.

"I can't tell you," she said, desolate that this was the only explanation she could offer. "Please don't ask me why I can't. Instead, say you love me still."

The hurt faded from Philana's eyes. She cupped Cassie's face in her papery palms. "On that point you need have no worries. You will always be beloved by me."

She lowered her hands, her expression firming. "Forgive me, but against your distress I must repeat my offer. Let me name you and your sister my heirs."

When Philana first made the offer Cassie had been both awed and terrified. She'd refused then, just as she would refuse now. "You are good beyond what I deserve, Philana," she said, grateful that Roland had chosen to remain behind and couldn't hear this discussion. "You know I cannot accept. I couldn't bear it if my father squandered your fortune the way he did ours. You cannot know how it feels to open your door to find some man saying he holds the mortgage on your home and is foreclosing."

Philana made a gentle, distressed sound. "How I ached for you when I read that in your letter."

She once more wrapped her arm about her niece, smiling, the light in her blue eyes radiating affection. "I think that things may be changing for you, though. The Roland of this house party isn't the man I met at your wedding, or at Charles's funeral. Is it possible he's at last learned his lesson?"

The image of her satchel, stripped of every pence she had to her name, rose before Cassie's inner eye. She shook her head. "Don't trust him, Philana," she said harshly. "No matter what he says or does, don't trust him."

"I must take your direction on that point," Philana said, "since you know him better than I. Now, what do you say we go encourage the servants to lay out our picnic?"

Her suggestion had nothing to do with food. Rather Philana was offering the promise Cassie so wanted. She would no longer press Cassie about what bothered her, or attempt further matchmaking between Lucien and Cassie even though she might remain convinced of their suitability as a couple.

Cassie leaned her head onto Philana's shoulder. "What would I do without you?" she asked, her voice trembling, her heart breaking.

If she did manage to win enough money to buy passage to America how would she ever survive leaving Philana, especially knowing the hurt she'd do her in going? If she failed to win enough money, how would she ever bear the look on Philana's face when she learned her niece was a murderess?





"Pardon, Sir Roland," asked Squire Kerr, "but would you be looking for a game tonight?" His thick Scottish accent tortured his request, suggesting he'd been born and raised here on the Border. The squire, a great bear of a man with a lantern jaw and graying hair, kept his voice low, not wanting to disturb Eliza as she sang accompanied by Lady Barbara. No London pretense for him; he closed his neckcloth with a simple knot while his leathery skin and callused hands suggested years working out-of-doors.

Cassie narrowly eyed him, wondering if he approached Roland because her father was such a poor player. The squire and his two companions had been her gaming partners last night after the stargazing expedition, which may have been why he wasn't inviting her to his table. The three men knew each other well and Cassie had used their familiarity to her advantage, letting her winnings rise to fifteen pounds before giving them back most of what she'd taken. When she'd retired from the drawing room it was with a total of more than ten pounds in her reticule.

Longing washed over Roland's face, but he didn't shift out of his morose slump. Although not a hair on his head or crease in his neckcloth was out of place he still managed to look untidy. He shook his head. "Can't. I'm listening to my daughter sing. Demmed fine voice she's got."

Roland laid a hand on Cassie's arm. "Perhaps my elder daughter will prove a good substitute? She's a fair player."

The squire's bushy brows wriggled in surprise at a refusal from a man once eager to sit at anyone's table, but he nodded. "What do you say, Mrs. Marston? My partners tonight are set on Cassino and we'd like a fourth."

Cassie came to her feet, smiling. "I'd love to join you, Squire. Lead the way."

Following the big man across the room, Cassie marshaled her energy. The emotional upset at the abbey this afternoon had left her feeling unbalanced when she needed to be at her sharpest. Given the ease with which she'd won from these men last night, tonight could prove equally as profitable. The prospect of putting more than twenty pounds in her reticule was alluring, indeed.

Squire Kerr stopped at the table at the back of the room. Cassie heart sank to her toes. Colonel Egremont, dressed tonight in his more formal regimental coat, came to his feet. Lucien shifted in his chair to look over his shoulder at her.

No longer was Lucien the privateer of this morning, but an icy, powerful nobleman. The black of his formal attire and the stark whiteness of his carefully creased stock were as daunting as any armor. Tonight's waistcoat, the same pale gray color of his eyes, had more life to it than did his flat gaze. It wasn't hard to read the message in his eyes, not after this morning. To him she was a tart unworthy of his regard in polite society.

For just an instant she considered demurring and waiting for another game then discarded the idea as rank idiocy. All that could matter to her from now until the end of the house party was winning. She couldn't afford to be picky about her partners since the duchess wouldn't have her at Lord Ryecroft's table. The only other card players in the room were the four guests at the far table and they had no space for another player.

"Have you come to join us, Mrs. Marston?" the colonel asked as Lucien came to his feet in polite recognition of her presence.

"I have, indeed," Cassie replied, hiding her discomfort behind a smile as the squire pulled out the chair next to Lucien for her.

She sat, only to immediately wish she had the colonel's chair. Despite his disdain for her Lucien's presence enveloped her, sending her already rattled nerves skittering out of control.

Cassie planted her elbows on the table, and began to repeat to herself that she couldn't lose, she wouldn't lose. She just wouldn't.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



"The rest are mine," Cassie Marston announced, laying out the king of spades. "I think that brings me to twenty-one," she added without looking up from the table.

Outrage seared Lucien. "So they are," he snarled as she again took the most points in their hand.

They counted their cards. Cassie had, indeed, reached the points necessary to win the game. His jaw tight, Lucien watched her claim more coins from him. He couldn't remember ever losing so much in such a short period of time, and certainly not to a woman. By God, but she was up almost to the house limit of twenty pounds after only an hour's play! Losses like this happened to Sir Roland, not to him.

Cassie drew her winnings closer, then nervously pushed a ringlet behind her ear, disturbing her coiffure. She wore no cap tonight. Instead, curling golden tendrils framed her face while the rest was drawn back into a wild knot at her nape. Her high-waisted gown was a pretty blue with long sleeves and a bodice far more conservatively cut than the previous night's gown.

If not for Percy's news of Bucksden's presence at Hawick, Lucien might have seen her higher neckline tonight as an attempt on her part to restore the respectability she'd lamented at the ruins. But his rage earlier today had stripped him of his lust for her. Without desire to blind him he could see her for what she truly was: a sharp.

Cassino was a game that required a deal of luck according to some. Lucien knew they were wrong. To win at Cassino all a player needed was strong nerves, knowing when to build and when to capture. Lucien had better nerves than most men, but apparently not better than Cassie's.

Her play was too perfect, building lines that no one else could match. She had to be cheating. He just couldn't identify what or how she was doing it.

"I had no idea you were so skilled a player, Mrs. Marston," Egremont said, his expression flat. Lucien cocked a brow at the young man. So, Egremont also suspected that Cassie had somehow manipulated the cards.

"I know. I can't believe my luck," she said, sounding more chagrinned than pleased by her good fortune. "I've never won like this. It can't last much longer."

As she spoke she sent a distraught glance in Lucien's direction. That only fed his welling suspicions. She knew he watched her, something no innocent would have noticed. Nor would an innocent have worried over a run of luck. Men who believed fortune simply happened gloated, crowed and boasted when they unexpectedly won.

Not so card sharps. A good sharp was subtle and careful, picking his marks with care. Such a trickster never made an overt show of winning. That was the only false note about Cassie performance tonight. She was winning so obviously and with such consistency that it looked as though she meant to pick their purses.

Laughter exploded from the group across the room where a noisy game of charades proceeded. Egremont came to his feet and coolly bowed. "If you'll excuse me? Mrs. Marston, your sister and her team are in dire need of my assistance. I've never seen such lackluster guesses in my life."

Cassie blanched. She folded her hands into her lap. "But, I've never won like this before," she repeated, her words sounding like a plea for understanding.

Across from her Squire Kerr grinned, revealing a missing right eye tooth. "That's two nights in a row for you, eh, Mrs. Marston? It looks like you'll get to keep all your winnings tonight instead of having to give it back the way you did last night."

The gathering clouds of Lucien's suspicion congealed into a thunderstorm. Blast it! She was a sharp, albeit a strangely careless one. Her greed tonight had gotten out of hand, that's all.

Anger at the way she was using Devanney's party for her nefarious scheme stirred, dark and deep, straining to share the space he'd given his rage at Bucksden. Then Lucien realized the full meaning of what she was doing. By God, it wasn't just Devanney's party she used, but him!

Hadn't she made a fool of him, standing in the corridor with her naked back, tantalizing his desire for her, using his lust to take him for five pounds? Not quite five pounds. She'd given him that kiss.

His mouth tightened as he remembered the depth of his lust for her last night. She'd had to lose to him. If she hadn't he would never have let her leave the table.

Against that he found a different meaning in the pattern of her wins and losses last night, especially the way she'd lost that last hand. He hadn't won that kiss. She'd given it to him, no doubt considering it a small price to pay to take his money.

Lucien's outrage grew. In the garden she'd counted on his friendship and his honor to prevent him from pressing their kiss to its ultimate conclusion. How she must have exulted when he retreated all the way to his bedchamber. With him gone she could practice her filthy trade without worrying about his scrutiny.

Seething, Lucien hooked a casual elbow over his chair's delicate back. She'd picked the wrong man to use this time. He'd expose her for what she was, here and now.

"Congratulations on a stupendous run of luck, Mrs. Marston," he said, his tone jovial. He glanced at the squire. "Is she doing as well tonight as she did last night, Kerr?"

"Better," the big man said. "When all was said and done last night I'd only lost a little less than two pounds, but it was a near thing. At one point she had all but a shilling of my nightly purse limit."

Cassie's brow creased. Her smile sat crookedly on her lips. "That only shows how swiftly and completely luck can change."

"Too bad I don't have that shilling tonight," Squire Kerr said without concern. Bracing his hands on the table, he came to his feet. "I'm done for. If you'll excuse me?"

"No, wait," Cassie protested, reaching out as if to stop him.

She looked frantic. As well she should. Lucien curled the corner of his mouth in scorn. She was too late to stop the squire or to prevent her exposure.

Lucien leaned forward, his forearms braced on the table. He bared his teeth in a smile. "Mrs. Marston, I find myself intrigued by your card playing. Did you acquire this skill of yours during your marriage? I have distinct memories of you refusing all card play six years ago."

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



"Of course I played cards six years ago," Cassie replied, swallowing, blaming Lucien to the depths of her soul for this catastrophe.

It really was all his fault. His nearness left her addled beyond cohesive thought. With her conscious mind despairing over the loss of his respect and her body reveling in his scent and the memory of his mouth upon her skin, she lacked the concentration to check her unusual skill. And in the freedom of the moment it was expressing itself to the utmost, joyously winning every hand without care or concern.

Even after she'd noticed what she was doing she couldn't stop it. No matter how she tried to lose, she continued to win. It was time to quit, before things got any worse. As if they could!

"If you'll excuse me, my lord," she said scooping her godforsaken winnings closer to her.

Lucien caught her by the wrist. "No."

"No, what?" she asked, looking into his face, her heart breaking. She'd thought losing his respect destroyed her. She was wrong. Having him think she was a card sharp was even worse.

His expression darkened until he looked as dangerous as Lord Bucksden. "No, I won't excuse you. I want the chance to win back some of what you've taken from me."

It was no request. If she didn't agree Lucien would publicly accuse her of being a sharp. That couldn't happen. Cassie needed to be able to play cards. Thirty pounds wasn't enough to save her family. But how could she stop him?

As Cassie strove for some way to avoid his threat, someone tapped on her shoulder. She glanced behind her. It was Eliza. If not for the pink ribbon at her waist, Eliza would have looked like a specter for she was as pale as her white dress.

Cassie forgot the peril Lucien presented. She wrenched her arm from his hold and shot to her feet. "What is it?" she asked, pulling Eliza close.

Trembling like a leaf, her eyes alive with fear, Eliza put her mouth near Cassie's ear and breathed, "Mr. Percy and Colonel Egremont were talking just now. Mr. Percy saw Lord Bucksden in the city of Hawick, no more than thirty miles from here."

The earth shifted beneath Cassie's feet, so great was her relief. The earl wasn't dead. She wasn't going to hang.

Terror followed. A living Lord Bucksden was far more dangerous than a dead earl. He'd come for them with revenge burning in his heart. She didn't know why he hadn't already appeared at Ryecroft Castle's door, but he soon would. They had to leave England this very night! But, how? All she had was thirty pounds?

Lucien came slowly to his feet, his hands braced on the table. His face was hard, his gray eyes as cold as winter. He leaned toward her.

"Sit down, Mrs. Marston. You will give me the chance to win back what you took from me."

His tone tore through her. How dare he try to intimidate her! He was no different than Lord Bucksden when the earl had raised a fist to her in her mother's parlor. Well, she was done with arrogant noblemen trying to use her.

With that, the constraints of good behavior that had held Cassie prisoner for all her life shattered. There was nothing left for her in this world and that left her nowhere to go save into her future. All that mattered now was Eliza's safety and to have that Cassie needed two hundred pounds. Lucien was just angry enough that he might actually give her what she needed as he tried to prove she was a sharp.

"Go," Cassie whispered in Eliza's ear, giving her sister a reassuring squeeze. "Tell Papa what you told me. Also tell him that I'll have all we need by night's end. Go back to your game and let no one suspect that anything is amiss."

Admiration, gratitude and relief filled Eliza's gaze. She nodded then started back to her new friends. Cassie moved around the table to stand behind the chair across from Lucien.

"You can't have your rematch, my lord. I've won my nightly limit," she told him, knowing it would goad him in the direction she needed him to go.

"Devanney," Lucien called to Lord Ryecroft.

Their host sprawled in his chair across from the duchess, his long legs stretched comfortably out before him. He peered over the fanned cards in his hand. "No need to shout, Hollier," he drawled. "I'm right here."

"Release me and Mrs. Marston from your nightly limit," Lucien demanded.

A smile played at the corners of Lord Ryecroft's lips. His brows lifted in satisfaction. Cassie read the message he sent without effort. Lord Ryecroft liked the fact that Lucien was angry at her. Was she the pawn of every nobleman in England?

"I excuse both you and Mrs. Marston from any limits on your wagers," the earl said, then looked at Duchess Eleanor. "It's your play, Your Grace."

Lucien's lips bent into a cold smile. "What do you say, Mrs. Marston? Piquet, this time at a pound a point?"

Cassie sat in the chair and began to remove the smaller cards from the deck on the table. "That's acceptable, but I think we need to sweeten the pot a little. Twenty pounds goes to the one who wins the first partie." As she looked up at him she felt more powerful and in control than she had in her entire twenty-five years of life. "Tell me, my lord, do you intend to play on your feet?"

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Lucien gnashed his teeth as Cassie ended their partie, smiling. "That brings me to a hundred and eighty pounds, my lord. Too rich for your blood yet? Or, should I say for Lord Ryecroft's treasury?"

Her little jibe only fed what boiled in him. Lucien had needed to borrow coins from Devanney to cover his wagers since she wasn't willing to play for chits.

"We play until I know how you're doing this," he retorted. She'd rue the day she made a fool of him.

"I'm certain I don't know what you mean, my lord." As she spoke she gave a taunting cock of her brows. The motion suggested she was as angry at him as he was at her when she had no right to be.

Lucien slammed his fist against the table. "Blast it, how in the hell are you doing it!" he shouted.

Every head in the drawing room turned in their direction. Devanney laid down his cards and came to his feet, shrugging his shoulders to straighten his black coat. "Is something amiss, Hollier?" he asked.

Duchess Eleanor sniffed, the single white plume decorating her gold turban quivering with disdain. She snatched her shawl over her shoulders with one hand, holding her cards close to her chest with the other. "Lord Ryecroft, don't you dare leave this table," she warned. "We're in the midst of a game."

"Is this your prank?" Lucien demanded of his cousin. "Did you arrange for her to do this to me?"

Devanney frowned in what looked like honest confusion. "Do what?"

"She's a sharp," Lucien snapped, only to regret his accusation in the next instant. Once again, he spoke before he had proof. Without proof his accusation meant nothing. How could there be no proof when she was richer by a hundred and eighty pounds of his money?

"I am not," Cassie cried, sounding like the hapless, helpless widow she should have been. "Lord Ryecroft, I beg you. Come and see for yourself that I'm doing nothing untoward."

Devanney left his game to join them. The rest of the guests also moved in their direction, their interest piqued. That was, all save Duchess Eleanor.

Folding her cards, the noblewoman turned in her chair. The golden color of her dress and turban made her look sallow and accentuated the dark rings beneath her eyes. But then, who saw the dress or the woman when she wore a king's ransom in diamonds around her neck?

She eyed Lucien in impatience. "Here's what comes of associating with riffraff, my lord," she told him. "They lack all sensibility and honor. Let your losses to that hoyden be a lesson that you should never again mingle."

If Eleanor thought her snobbery did anything but even further repulse him from a union with poor Barbara she was wrong.

Their expressions hard, Squire Kerr, Percy and Egremont were at the head of the crowd gathered around the table. The beautiful Miss Elizabeth Conningsby, dressed in virginal white when she was likely as depraved as her father and sister, pushed past them, followed by Philana Forster. The old woman looked dour and steely in her usual gray attire.

Cassie looked up at her sister. Their affection was palpable. "Will you go check on Papa, Eliza? He looked quite ill when he left the room a little while ago," Cassie asked gently. For a moment the girl looked ready to argue then she nodded reluctantly and made her way out of the crowd around them.

"What happens here, Cassie?" Lady Forster demanded. Her wrinkled brow furrowed deeper as she looked between Lucien and her niece-by-marriage.

"Lord Graceton cannot comprehend how I continue to best him at cards," Cassie—Cassie the Sharp—said.

The old woman's face cleared. She glanced at those around them then looked at Lucien. Amusement filled her sharp, blue eyes. "Ah, I can understand how you might feel like that, my lord. Unnerved me too, the first time she did it to me."

Lucien almost gawked. Philana Forster was in on this trick! All the proof he needed was the sly look in the old woman's eyes.

"Of course," Lady Forster continued, "I had sense enough to quit rather than throw good coins after bad once I realized I was outmatched."

Lucien's outrage roared skyward. Blast it, he wasn't outmatched!

Devanney laid a hand on his shoulder as if to calm or console. Or, gloat. "I'm here, Mrs. Marston," he said, "but I'm not certain what use I'll be to you."

"I put my repute in your hands, Lord Ryecroft," Cassie told him, her soft brown eyes wide. She touched a hand to her breast, the gesture delicate and feminine. "I know Lord Graceton is very angry about my winning, but I vow to you on my sister's life that I'm not in any way manipulating the cards. I pray, watch our play and judge accordingly."

Then, holding up her hands, Cassie displayed her long sleeves. "Please, if anyone sees the outline of a card, say so. Better yet, extract it from my sleeve," she challenged. No one commented or accepted her dare.

"Now, Lord Graceton, what would you like to wager?" Cassie asked him, sounding sincere when he knew she wasn't. She couldn't be. Nothing about her was honest or real.

"One final partie of Piquet, one hundred eighty pounds, winner takes all," he said and watched in satisfaction as concern flickered in her brown eyes.

She didn't want to risk what she'd already taken from him, which was more edge than Lucien thought to have. He hoped that in her determination to keep what she'd already won she might grow careless.

"You'll play for my chit, Mrs. Marston?" Devanney asked her.

The concern in Cassie's eyes deepened. She glanced around, taking in the faces of her witnesses and nipping at her lower lip in hesitation. It was cold comfort to Lucien that it wasn't just his chit she didn't trust. The only sound in the room was the hiss and pop of the fire as everyone waited on her response.

"As you will," she agreed at last.

"Deal, Mrs. Marston," Percy commanded, shifting to stand behind Cassie. Although Percy again wore his vibrant pink and green waistcoat, the proud dandy had given way to serious gamester.

The rattle of the cards filled the room as Cassie shuffled the deck. Someone coughed. Percy's shoes scraped against the wooden floor as he shifted to better see her hands.

She dealt and Lucien picked up his cards. Play proceeded. He took the most points in the first hand.

After repeating the success in the second, he sent Cassie a narrow look. She was sorely mistaken if she thought sending him over the Rubicon and losing all would convince these men she wasn't cheating. He needn't have worried. She took the most points in all the remaining hands, leaving him with less than a hundred at the end of the partie.

Lucien tossed his losing cards onto the table. "Well? How is she doing it?" he demanded of Devanney and Percy. His words echoed into the room's tense silence.

Both men shook their heads. Percy shrugged. "My lord, what can I say? Every card dealt stayed in her hand until she played it. Nothing changed. She simply outplayed you."

"All I saw was remarkable play," Devanney seconded. "Hollier, you're outmatched."

Lady Forster smiled in triumph. "Didn't I tell you?"

"Well done, Mrs. Marston," cried Lady Barbara, looking surprisingly pretty as she smiled. She began to clap. The other young ladies followed her lead, laughing and applauding one of their own sex besting a man.

Squire Kerr looked relieved, as did his companions from last night. Their pride was intact; they hadn't been played for fools. Egremont held onto his suspicion.

"Are you certain, Percy?" he asked.

"There's no question of it," Percy replied, sending Lucien another helpless smile.

"No!" Lucien whispered in disbelief, having sense enough to keep his reaction to himself. He stared at Cassie Marston, knowing both Percy and Devanney were wrong. She was doing something. No one played like she did.

Behind Lucien, Devanney breathed out in a relieved sigh, then gave Lucien's shoulder a pat. "Now you know what it's like to play with you, Hollier," he said, repaying with words the many times Lucien had lightened his purse. "I fear you've met your match in our Mrs. Marston."

The only one unaffected by Cassie's victory was Cassie. No smile touched her lips. Nor was there a sign of gloating in her eyes.

She came to her feet in a graceful movement. "Many thanks for serving as my witness, Lord Ryecroft," she said. "Now if I might make one further request. The only thing I have in which to carry this," the lift of her hand indicated the coins and notes that represented half her winnings, "is a satchel in my chamber. My sister is there. If you could send someone to fetch it for me?"

"But of course, Mrs. Marston," Devanney said. Every inch the congenial host, he indicated for a footman to do as she needed. "And, I apologize again for giving you mostly coins. We've no use for wads of the flimsy here at Ryecroft. The locals won't take them for their payment, preferring old fashioned silver instead."

Still stewing in disbelief and utterly certain that he'd been taken, that they'd all been taken, Lucien remained at the table. When the satchel arrived he watched Cassie fill it with her winnings—his coins. She closed the bag over the top of his money and shot him a single short look.

He thought he saw regret in her eyes. If so, he didn't want it. Instead, he took satisfaction in knowing that by exposing her skill, or whatever it was, he'd ended any chance that Cassie Marston could ever again use it against another honest man. Once the tale of this night made its rounds through society she wouldn't sit at another card table at anyone's affair. If she wanted to strip men of coins she'd have to seek out with the young swells in the gaming hells, men who deserved to be parted from their fortunes. Doing that would hardly restore the respectability she'd pretended to lament earlier today.

Cassie gave her filled satchel back to the footman to carry to her chamber, then offered Devanney a deep curtsy. "Again, my lord, you have my gratitude for your assistance."

"The pleasure was all mine, Mrs. Marston," Devanney said, daring to continue savoring his cousin's comeuppance.

Cassie then turned and offered Lucien the same sign of respect. "Lord Graceton, I cannot explain my skill. If it's any consolation to you, my father wishes it didn't exist."

A pretty speech, but meaningless. Lucien made her no response. She sighed, all expression leaving her face. Even then she remained the prettiest woman in the room. How could something so lovely prove to be dross beneath the surface?

"I'm exhausted, my lord," she said to Devanney. "If you'll excuse me?"

"I'll come with you, dear," Philana Forster said.

"Good night, Mrs. Marston," Devanney said, laughter still filling his voice. "Lady Forster."

Lucien's eyes narrowed. Damn Devanney. He had no right to enjoy this so much.





It was just as well that they were fleeing to America. Cassie left the drawing room, knowing her connection to the class of people she considered her own had been irrevocably severed. Oh, they might clap and laud her tonight, but Duchess Eleanor would see to it that everyone who was anyone knew what Cassie had done. Soon, there wouldn't be a member of the ton who wouldn't consider her beneath their notice and agree with the duchess that she was riffraff.

Cassie started up the stairs to the bedchambers, the footman carrying her newly won wealth a bare flight ahead of her. Philana followed so closely behind that Cassie could hear her aunt's angry breathing. Philana had started glowering from the moment they left the drawing room.

Her aunt's upset only made Cassie's spirits sag all the worse. The time had come to tell Philana everything. It was a chore she didn't much want to face.

In the corridor candles ensconced in mirrored holders threw their light down onto the runner that covered the floor, driving the skulking shadows against the baseboards and ornate crown molding. The night-blackened arch of the window loomed at the corridor's end. The good weather of the morning had given way to Scotland's usual rain, droplets pattering against the glass.

Ahead of them light streamed out of Cassie's open chamber door. The footman exited, his gold-trimmed, blue satin coat and breeches shone in the light. The stark white of his powdered wig framed a freckled face. He passed Cassie and Philana without offering so much as a glance. When he was gone Philana caught Cassie by the elbow, stopping her just outside her door.

"What were you thinking?" she demanded. "I thought you intended to be subtle at the tables. And for heaven's sake, what made you decide to use Lord Graceton of all men? You had to know that a gamester like him would never accept your skill for what it is. Almost four hundred pounds will serve you well for the now, but you'll never again use that skill of yours. Not in any decent establishment."

"I know that," she replied, her mouth twisting sadly. "But then, I won't ever again be playing cards in England."

"You surely won't," Philana retorted, lifting a finger to scold. She caught herself, frowning. "What do you mean, never again in England?"

Cassie only took Philana by the arm and led her into the bedchamber. Eliza had a branch of candles set on the washstand, the tapers offering light enough to reveal the richness of the blue and red bedcurtains as well as the deep mahogany color of the bedposts. Her golden hair glowed as brightly as the flame as she leaned over Cassie's trunk. She straightened as they entered, yet holding a stack of nightgowns clutched close to her breast.

Philana's eyes widened as she took in the trunk, the clothes folded on the bed's end, and Eliza's waiting satchel, in which she'd carry a change of clothes and her overnight needs. "Cassie, what's happening?"

Cassie closed the door and led Philana to the small chair. "Sit and I'll tell you."

Eliza hurried to stand alongside Cassie, still holding the nightclothes, fiddling with a length of lace that trimmed a garment's sleeve. Fear hid in the dark hollows beneath her eyes. "Cassie, he's come after us so swiftly. How did he find us?"

Cassie offered her a half-hearted smiled. "He has the invitation. I dropped it when I picked up the urn," she said.

"What urn?" Philana demanded, her gaze as steely as her gray gown. "Who's come after you? Why are you packing?"

Eliza turned to her. "Aunt Philana, Papa did a terrible thing before we left London to come here. He staked me in a game of cards with Lord Bucksden. If he'd won he would have gained three thousand pounds. Unfortunately, he lost, which meant I was to become the earl's mistress.

"He did what!" Philana fair levitated from her chair, so great was her outrage. Her face flushed bright red. "Why that base dastard! How dare he use his daughter in such a foul way!"

Eliza spoke over Philana. "The only thing that stopped the earl from either taking me or fulfilling his threat to drive us into the poor house was Cassie. She hit him with our Wedgwood urn. We thought she'd killed him."

Philana collapsed back into the chair, gasping for air. She looked as gray in this instant as she'd been red in the last. She stared at Cassie.

"You didn't," she gasped. "Kill him, I mean."

"He looked dead when we left him on our drawing room floor," Cassie replied in a tiny voice, the sound of the urn exploding against Lord Bucksden's head reverberated out of her memory. Her stomach gave a sick buck.

"Not dead enough," Eliza said, her voice hard beyond her years. "Tonight, I overheard Squire Kerr and Colonel Egremont laughing as Mr. Percy described having seen the earl in Hawick with his head bandaged and his eyes blackened."

Eliza's bravado faded. Fear flashed in her eyes. "Oh Cassie, Lord Bucksden must be in a frenzy to revenge himself on us." As if she couldn't bear to think about this, Eliza whirled, hurrying back to the trunk and her packing.

"My stars," Philana said. Frowning, she jerked her shawl around her shoulders. "All I can say is that it's a shame you failed, Cassie. If ever there's a man who deserves murdering it's Lord Bucksden."

"At the time it seemed that way to me as well," Cassie murmured. "I'm only grateful that he hasn't yet knocked on Lord Ryecroft's door and demanded that Papa fulfill his wager. For the life of me I cannot understand why he hasn't. Perhaps he waits for his injuries to heal, not wanting to make a spectacle of himself?"

Her comment teased a breath of laughter from Philana. "I think we need look no further for your reason than Lord Graceton. Three years ago Lady Graceton let Lord Bucksden into her bed, something Lord Graceton didn't accept with any grace that some husbands do. It's rumored that he intends to call out Lord Bucksden when next they meet. If your attack rendered the earl at all unsure of his dueling skills, then I can understand his wanting to keep his distance. He only duels when he's certain he will win."

A tiny sound escaped Cassie. She dropped to sit on the end of the bed. What irony. While Lucien had been trying to destroy her tonight, he had also provided her with a shield from Lord Bucksden.

Philana leaned forward, her hands on her knees. "Why didn't you tell me this when you first arrived?" Hurt filled her voice and her gaze.

"How could I?" Cassie replied, taking Philana's hands. "I thought Lord Bucksden was dead and it would be the Bow Street Runners who'd come chasing us. I didn't want them accusing you of knowingly harboring a murderess."

Philana nodded slowly, accepting that as a sensible excuse. "So you leave tonight. Where is it you go? And why do you think Lord Bucksden can no longer hurt you once you arrive?"

"To America," Cassie answered.

With a sharp draw of breath Philana tore her hands from Cassie's. She blanched, looking desolate and every one of her years. "America!" she cried in an old woman's voice, falling back into the chair's embrace. "Why not Italy?"

"Because Papa has cousins in the American city of Boston," Eliza explained, straightening above the trunk and speaking when Cassie didn't.

All Cassie wanted was to crawl beneath her bedclothes, close her eyes and sleep forever. "What choice have we? We must put as much distance as possible between us and what happened here. Lord Bucksden no longer comes just to claim what he won from Papa, although I don't doubt he still wants Eliza. He'll be wanting to ruin us even more completely than Papa has already done. We must depart before he learns that you are our patron, Philana. I won't have the earl harming you because you protect us."

Philana drew a shattered breath. Tears gleamed in her eyes. The corners of her lips tried to lift. "That's my sweet Cassie, always thinking of another. Whatever shall I do without your visits? With you in America our letters will be far less frequent I fear."

Already missing Philana, Cassie did her best to smile. "I cannot bear it," she replied, feeling as desolate and lonely as Philana looked.

There was a tap on the door. Her nerves on edge, Cassie started. Eliza answered it. Roland, his neckcloth untied and waistcoat buttons undone, stepped inside, closing the door after him. His expression was resolute, something that Cassie had never before seen on his face.

Philana exploded from her chair, her fists clenched and her face alive in outrage. "How dare show your face here, sir!" she almost shouted. Both Eliza and Cassie hushed her.

"I won't be silenced," she snapped. "This man isn't fit to live. He certainly isn't fit to be any woman's father."

There was no sign of anger on Roland's round face. Neither was there shame. He glanced at his children when they again tried to silence Philana.

"Don't stop her, girls. Lady Forster is exactly right," he said in calm acceptance of her judgment. "I am fit for nothing. I never have been. I certainly don't deserve daughters as good as either of you. If it's any consolation, Lady Forster, know that I hate myself more than you can ever do."

That stole Philana's steam. Huffing into silence, she settled for crossing her arms and glaring at him. Roland looked at Cassie.

"How much did you come away with?" he asked.

"One eighty in coin, plus a promise from Lord Ryecroft for another one eighty. I fear I emptied Ryecroft's treasury of their ready cash," Cassie replied with a crooked smile.

Roland beamed. "'Pon rep, Cassie! You did better than I ever thought. Would that we had time enough to give Lord Ryecroft a chance to redeem his chit. It would be nice to go with something extra in our purses. But then, we'll have the coach and horses to sell in Edinburgh before we set sail. Old as that coach is it's still worth something." He nodded to himself. Roland had inherited their vehicle from his father. "The horses are good solid beasts. That'll be something."

Eliza frowned at him. "Don't we have time to wait for Lord Ryecroft to pay us? Aunt Philana says Lord Bucksden won't come to Ryecroft Castle as long as Lord Graceton is here. I'm sure he could send someone to his bank on the morrow."

"Who knows if they'll have enough in coin at any bank," Roland retorted, "and we can't take notes. There's a lot of folk who don't trust 'em. No, we can't afford to wait. We leave tonight when the house grows quiet. By dawn we'll be well on our way to Edinburgh with no one here the wiser as to which direction we went."

Cassie hadn't thought about making a secret of their leaving, but it made sense. The less information they left behind them the harder it would be for Bucksden to locate them.

"But that cannot work," Eliza protested. "We need servants to carry down our trunks and grooms to harness our horses."

Philana opened her arms. Her face filled with her need to save the nieces she loved from the clutches of a debauched and dangerous earl. "I have a way to make your departure both obvious and secret at the same instant, Sir Roland."

With a fond but pained smile Philana looked at Cassie. "Shame on you, you hussy. Your display of prowess at the card table has made me terribly ill and no longer able to face my neighbors. I must immediately take you and your family back to Ettrick House."

Roland's eyes narrowed. His pudgy jaw firmed. "Here now, I won't have you talking to my daughter that way. She can't help what she does at the card table."

Philana laughed, the sound harsh and not at all amused. "Too late, Sir Roland. No matter what you do or say, you'll never be a father to these girls."

She laid a hand on Cassie shoulder. "I shall send a note with my apologies and explanation to Lord Ryecroft just before we leave. Everyone will know exactly where you've gone or at least they'll think they know."

"No," Cassie protested. "That will only lead Lord Bucksden to you, seeking us. I don't want him hurting you."

Philana embraced her. "Darling, you're giving that awful scoundrel more credit than is his due, even as evil as he is. If you're not at Ettrick House with me he can have no power over me, just as he had no power over you or Eliza until your father gave it to him. I'll be safe, but I cannot rest easily until I know you're safe as well. Now pack, darling, pack. The sooner we leave, the sooner you can be on your way to safety."

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Although Lucien had retired with the rest of Devanney's guests several hours ago he was too angry to sleep. He paced his chamber, dressed only in his night shirt and his dressing gown. With every step he felt more a fool. It didn't help that both Percy and Egremont had chuckled behind their hands at him for the rest of the evening. That beautiful little cheat had tarnished his repute.

He stopped at the window, looking out over a landscape that had been carefully sculpted into idyllic beauty. The scattering clouds were rags, wrung dry of last night's rain. They blushed at the first touch of the sun. White fingers of mist snaked up from the river at the end of Devanney's park land, threading through the artfully arranged copses. A hunting hawk or perhaps a sated owl soared over the treetops, scattering the smaller birds. Peacocks howled and strutted in the cross-shaped herb garden below Lucien's window, welcoming the dawning day as they eyed the moist ground for unwary insects.

Leaning his forehead against the cool glass, Lucien strove to tame what boiled in him, something he'd been trying to do since he reached his bedchamber. It wasn't possible. All he could think about was that every man and woman in the room had watched Cassie best him at cards, and not one of them had seen anything untoward.

He knew better and he wouldn't be satisfied until he knew how she'd done it. He strode back across the room, but this time he didn't stop himself. Opening the door, he stepped barefooted into the corridor.

The newborn sun warmed the window at the hallway's end, bringing out the vibrant blues, greens and reds of the corridor's long runner. Two long steps took him to Cassie's door. He put his hand on the lever, only stopping himself at the last second from opening it without knocking. To barge into her chamber might make him seem a bounder attacking an innocent woman when a good number of Devanney's guests already wondered if he was a poor loser. He wasn't, both he and God knew it, although the two of them might be the only ones who did.

Gritting his teeth, he rapped on Cassie's door. There was no answer. He tapped again, louder this time. Again, no answer. This time when he knocked the sound echoed down the still hallway.

The door to the right of Cassie's creaked open. Lucien recognized Barbara's maid. The girl blinked against the brightness in the corridor. Although she was dressed her hair was loose beneath her voluminous ruffled cap.

"Oh, I thought you were knocking on our door," the maid said when she saw him. "You'll not have an answer from them ladies, my lord. They left last night. I was just coming up to bed when I met their trunks coming down the stairs." Having said her piece, she pulled the door gently closed behind her.

Lucien thrust open Cassie's door. No longer was the room strewn with female frippery. Instead the floor was clean and the wardrobe doors were closed. The coverlet hadn't been disturbed and only ashes filled the hearth. The feeling of a whirlwind departure radiated from the chamber's very walls.

So, she hadn't been as secure in her deception last night as her confidence suggested. She ran, wanting as much distance as possible between them before he discerned whatever it was she'd done. Grinning in exultation, Lucien whirled on his heel and strode down the quiet hallways of Ryecroft Castle to Devanney's bedchamber. He entered his cousin's private room without knocking, startling Devanney's valet. The man was already dressed and laying out his master's carefully pressed neckcloth.

"My lord." The servant offered a swift bow, showing no surprise at Lucien's unexpected appearance. Their valets were accustomed to the casual relationship between their masters.

Devanney liked opulence. Even with the draperies closed his room glowed from the plasterwork moldings decorated with gold leaf to the silk wall covering done in a pattern of willow and rose. The settee at the bed's end was covered in golden brocade.

On the ceiling cherubs peered down from behind clouds or played tag in an artificial sky. One solitary winged babe had retreated to the room's corner to relieve himself. Although the chubby creature had his back turned to those who might want to spy on him, Adam Devanney—the artist not the earl—had painted him winking over his shoulder at his audience.

Lucien strode to the bed and threw back green and gold bedcurtains. Devanney, his dark hair tousled, lay with his back to Lucien, lost in his dreams. Still reveling in confirmation that Cassie had hoodwinked everyone but him, Lucien sat on the bed. Leaning over, he put his mouth near Devanney's ear.

"Oh my lord, your prowess makes me weep with joy," he whispered in falsetto, running his finger up his cousin's arm.

Jolted out of sleep, Devanney came upright with a start. He groaned when he saw Lucien then dropped back onto the mattress. "Blast you, Lucien. Watson, what the hell are you thinking, letting this bleater in here at this hour?"

Watson didn't bother answering. Lucien only grinned at Devanney's attempt to prick his pride. "I'm no bleater. Our little sharp has flown the coop. She took my money and her family, fleeing to avoid questions she didn't care to answer."

Devanney scrubbed his hands through his hair and yawned. "No, she didn't. Lady Forster took her away. It seems the old woman didn't much care for last night's exhibition. Just before we retired last night she sent me a note begging my pardon, saying that she and the Conningsbys would have to excuse themselves from the remainder of the house party."

"And you call me the bleater?" Lucien protested in outrage. "You're the one being gulled. I tell you, Cassandra Marston is running to escape her eventual exposure."

"If that's so, then why didn't she demand I redeem the hundred and eighty pounds I owed her on your behalf?" Devanney asked. "Not that I could have done it last night."

Lucien frowned. "She didn't collect?"

"Not a farthing." Devanney rolled onto his side facing Lucien. "If you think she went for any other reason, then go to Ettrick House and ask her." He pulled the bedclothes over his head. "Either way, go away and let me sleep," he said, his command muffled.

Wanting to roar at the way his cousin blinded himself to Cassie's obvious guilt, Lucien came to his feet. "I have a hundred pounds that says she won't be at Ettrick House when I get there." Even slipping past his clenched teeth his words thundered in the quiet room.

Devanney threw back the bedclothes, squinting at Lucien in the room's brightening dimness. There was just enough light for Lucien to see a gambler's gleam come to life in Devanney's eyes. "Make it one hundred eighty. If she's at Ettrick House to greet you, then it's double you owe me. If she's gone as you contend, then you owe me nothing."

Lucien grinned. "Not good enough. If she's there I owe you three hundred and sixty. And that's what you'll owe me if she's fled to parts unknown."

"You heard that, Watson?" Devanney called.

"I did, my lord," the valet called back.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" a laughing Devanney asked Lucien. "Go to Ettrick House and settle the wager."





Barely two hours later, Lucien rode past the stables at Ettrick House then drew his horse to a halt before Philana Forster's door. Although still misty the sun was warm enough to tease tendrils of steam from the house's roof as the slate tiles dried. A breeze drove the wisps upward until they became part of the thicker plumes of smoke rising from the house's chimneys. Yet moist, the house's gray stone walls looked almost blue against classical white trim around the windows and doors. A few of the dozen or so gardeners looked up as Lucien mounted the stairs. The rest were hard at their morning chores, some clipping bushes into fanciful shapes, others spading up beds. Other than these men the house appeared to slumber, something Lucien wouldn't be doing until after he'd confronted Cassie.

A bewigged footman opened the door at his knock. The young man's coppery red eyebrows were startling under his powdered hairpiece. It took Lucien a moment to recognize the lad as one of his housekeeper's many relatives. The boy's flat expression, required of his position, clung precariously to his face. No doubt he wished to tell this unexpected caller to return at a more decent hour.

"Lord Graceton, calling on Lady Forster and Mrs. Marston," Lucien said, handing the man his card.

The footman led Lucien into a comfortable drawing room then disappeared. Lucien eyed the chamber in approval. Unlike Devanney's more formal decorating, this room looked as if someone actually lived in it. The walls were covered in creamy printed linen fabric while ancestral portraits hung on the walls. More recent and more personal, miniatures crowded the tops of two small inlaid chests at either side of the door. A pair of spectacles and a basket of needlework sat on the cushioned window seat of the room's bay window. A cat curled in the basket. Knickknacks lined the cornice that framed the window. The view through the glass was of the short, green plain that led down from the house to a tumbling river, the Ettrick Water; Ettrick House nestled against the thrusting, folding hills that ran almost the width of southern Scotland.

Lucien paced, his impatience growing with every breath. Ten minutes became twenty, then thirty. He told himself it was a good sign that Lady Forster's butler hadn't appeared to refuse him, asking him to return later. At last he heard a woman's footsteps in the hall. Utterly certain it wasn't Cassie Marston who came, Lucien turned.

When the door opened he grinned in triumph. It was Lady Forster. That old Philana had dressed hastily there was no doubting. Her blue and gold striped day dress hung crookedly on her elderly frame, the bodice concealed beneath a swathing shawl. Her uncoiffed hair was covered by a voluminous lace-trimmed cap.

"Lord Graceton," she said, managing a curtsy. "To what do I owe this unexpected honor?"

Lucien saw no reason for pretense, not when Philana Forster's behavior last night suggested she was a conspirator in the farce. "Tell me where she's gone and don't waste my time by pretending that she's sleeping upstairs. I rode past your carriage house. The Conningsbys' coach wasn't there."

That knocked the beginnings of dissembly right off the old woman's face. Exasperation flashed in her blue eyes, only to disappear as swiftly as it'd come. Crossing the room, she sat on the window seat, stroking the sleeping cat.

"Why do you chase her?" she asked after a moment, knowing without explanation who it was he wanted.

"Because she runs," Lucien retorted. "She's no innocent, madam, and you know it. If Cassandra Marston runs it's because she expects me to discern how she did what she did last night. She doesn't want to be anywhere near me when I discover it. I, on the other hand, want very much to return her to Ryecroft Castle where she will admit to everyone there that she is a sharp."

"So it's your pride that drives you?" Lady Forster asked, studying him as if weighing something she saw within him. "You cannot bear that a woman bested you at cards?"

Lucien's eyes narrowed. "You misjudge me, madam. I will happily lose to either man or woman as long as my loss is a fair one. I will not tolerate being cheated."

"And, you're utterly certain she cheated you?" the old woman asked.

"Completely," he told her.

Her jaw tightened. "But if it could be shown to you that she did nothing untoward, you would accept it?"

"If is the appropriate word, my lady," Lucien snorted.

"But would you accept it if her innocence could be proved to you?" Lady Forster insisted.

"Of course," he snapped, annoyed at yet another person treating him as if he were a poor loser.

Taking no affront at his harsh tone, Philana tapped her forefinger against her lips, her expression contemplative. A moment later her face cleared. Her wrinkles shifted until she almost looked like she was smiling.

"The Conningsbys ride the road to Edinburgh, on their way to purchase passage away from England."

Lucien laughed aloud. Here it was, proof that what Cassie had done last night wasn't the outcome of natural talent. Better than that, he'd just won himself a tidy sum from Devanney. Now all he had to do was catch Cassie Marston.

"Have a wonderful morning, Lady Forster," he said, bowing.

Turning on his heel, Lucien walked to the door. It would be wise to detour to his fishing lodge, which lay only a mile or so from here and not too far off the Edinburgh road. It wasn't just Cassie who fled, but her father, sister and whatever servants they had with them. He didn't wish to confront them alone and unprepared. He'd have his lodge's gamekeeper, Jamie Laidlaw, at his side before he stopped the Conningsbys.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



"Push, Eliza!" Cassie exhorted.

"I am pushing," a cranky, exhausted Eliza snapped, her shoulder braced against the two trunks lashed to the coach's back luggage rack. It wasn't the first time on this short journey that they'd taken their places here, their sturdy short boots sinking almost to the top in the muddy road.

Roland snapped the whip. The exhausted horses snorted and strained. Together, Cassie and Eliza shoved. The wheels slid and shifted, spewing muck as they turned.

Pushing with what little might she had left, Cassie glanced skyward, frantic. It had to be nearly ten in the morning and they'd managed only sixteen miles, passing through the village of Selkirk. At this rate they'd be in Edinburgh sometime next week. That was, if they ever reached the city. Not long ago Roland had called down from his coachman's perch that he could see a pair of men riding in their direction. For all Cassie knew they might be men out and about on their own business, but what if they weren't?

The unwieldy and overburdened vehicle began to move forward. Cassie pushed harder, leaning her whole body against the trunks. The front wheels caught on the lip of the ruts they'd carved in the soft road. Again, Roland snapped the whip. The horses whinnied.

There was a loud crack. The wheel at Cassie's right tilted to the side, disconnected from their coach. Unbalanced, the vehicle roared back down into its ruts. The ropes holding the trunks jerked then one snapped.

"Cassie!" Eliza screamed, scrambling back from harm's way.

Cassie wasn't fast enough. The vehicle toppled, landing with a thundering crash. The trunks tumbled down. One nicked her knee, driving her to the ground. The other landed atop her foot as she hit the grassy verge. Stars danced before her eyes. In instinctive reaction she jerked on her trapped foot, only to bite back a shriek at the pain in her knee.

At the front of the fallen coach the horses screamed and thrashed in their traces. Not far from her, Roland, once more dressed as a coachman, rose to his hands and knees from where he'd landed in the grassy sod. "That demmed axle. I knew the repair was no good," he shouted, then leapt to Cassie's side to lift the trunk off her foot. She yelped as her ankle began to throb in time to her knee.

Calm purpose filled his round face, making him look more commanding than she'd ever seen him. "I have to see to the horses. Eliza, come help your sister to her feet," he called, then raced to the horses.

Flinching, Cassie rolled onto her back. Overhead the morning's clear sky had given way to a sullen layer of clouds that had already once spat rain at them. A sodden breeze ruffled the grasses and tossed the broad white heads of Queen Anne's lace around her.

She sat up and gingerly moved her leg. Tears filled her eyes, having as much to do with failure as with pain. She'd gambled all on this escape, and now all was lost. If Lord Bucksden was behind them, he'd soon have Eliza. Everything in her screamed in protest. Not her sister!

Eliza came to help her rise. "Are you all right?"

"I think so," Cassie replied, swallowing.

"Move your foot," Roland called back to them as he stroked the nose of the lead horse. Where that beast went the other was content to follow. They grew steadily calmer. "If it's broken it'll snap and hurt like the. . . well, terribly."

Cassie did as she was bid. Nothing snapped or popped. She set her foot on the earth. When she shifted some weight onto it everything from her tiniest toe to her knee screamed. She lifted the foot.

"I don't feel anything that I shouldn't," she reported, her voice trembling, "but I cannot walk on it."

"No need to walk," Roland said, coming back to join them. Again, purpose and confidence firmed the cut of his delicate jaw. "We ride the horses from here, taking only our satchels."

Eliza made a despairing sound at the thought of abandoning her few belongings. Cassie knew how her sister felt. Mud spattered her from near the raised waistline of her fashionable pelisse to the garment's sweeping hemline. No doubt the dress she wore beneath the coat was equally ruined. The thought of immigrating with nothing but a single change of clothing and their personal effects was daunting, indeed.

"Cheer up." Roland smiled at his daughters. He climbed into the side of the fallen coach, the mud-splattered tails of his maroon jacket falling soddenly against his leather breeches. "We'll use what we get from the sale of the horses to replace some of what we leave here."

"Can you still see the riders?" Cassie asked.

"Eh?" Standing atop the coach's side, Roland turned to look behind them. Their position atop the hill gave him a clear view of the road in either direction. "They come steadily on, but I don't think it's the earl. Didn't you say Mr. Percy reported Bucksden's head was bandaged?" he asked Eliza.

"He did," Eliza replied. "He said the earl's whole head was swathed so thickly that he couldn't wear his hat."

"That's what I thought." Roland lowered himself into the coach with more agility than Cassie suspected he owned. "The two men behind us both wear their hats without a speck of white to obscure their faces. We have about half an hour before they reach us. Perhaps we should just let them catch us and ask for aid?" His voice echoed oddly out of the fallen vehicle.

"No," Cassie said. "What if those men serve Lord Bucksden?"

Roland threw their four satchels up onto the side of the coach. Clambering back out, he collected the ropes that had secured their trunks. He wound one of them through the handles of two satchels, creating something akin to saddle bags. Having never seen her father do anything useful, Cassie watched in amazement. When he finished with the last two satchels he went to unharness their horses.

Cassie again tried to put weight on her foot, but the pain was almost sickening in its intensity. "Help me to the side of the coach," she said, laying an arm over Eliza's shoulder.

Hobbling was worse than she expected. Her good foot kept slipping in the muck, which caused her to put too much pressure on the injured one. She was panting and trembling by the time she leaned against the coach.

Roland brought the first horse around. "Cassie, climb onto the coach. From there it should be an easy step to settle on his back."

"Eliza first," Cassie said, still wincing at the throbbing. It didn't help to imagine having to bend her leg as she rode without saddle or stirrup for support.

Eliza climbed onto the coach with ease then sat astride the horse, aghast at the way her skirts hiked past her knees. Roland brought the second horse around for Cassie.

"Now you, girl," he commanded.

Cassie set her injured foot on the front axle brace to thrust upward. Pain shot up her leg. She changed feet and tried again, but her injured ankle refused to hold her. It was impossible.

"I can't," she cried.

"You have to do it, Cassie," Eliza said, terrified for her. "The men are close enough that I can almost see their faces. We have to go."

Frantically, Cassie tried again. Roland grabbed her by the waist and lifted her until she sat on the edge of the coach, then he brought the horse to stand against the vehicle. Cassie bent her knee to swing her injured foot over the horse. The pain was so intense that stars circled in her vision.

"I can't," she cried again. "Even if I could get my leg over his back I cannot bend my knee enough to sit astride."

Reaching down, she touched Roland on the shoulder. "Mount, Papa. It's up to you now. Take Eliza and the money. Go without me."

"No, Cassie!" Eliza cried in protest.

"I will not!" her father retorted. "If those men work for Bucksden, they'll—".

"What if they don't work for Lord Bucksden?" Cassie interrupted, caring for nothing at this moment but Eliza's safety. Philana was right. Cassie had been giving Lord Bucksden credit for more power than he owned. As long as she denied him Eliza there was little he could do to hurt her.

"That's a risk I can afford to take, but not one that Eliza can bear. She's the one Lord Bucksden wants, the one the earl has some right to claim."

"But Cassie," Eliza started to protest.

Cassie silenced her with a lift of her hand. "I won't hear it. What can Lord Bucksden do to me? I have no repute left to tarnish, nor can I be any more impoverished than I already am. No, if those men are from Bucksden, then they'll swiftly ride on after you once they realize I'm not the one they want. All the more reason for you to go as swiftly as you can."

When Eliza again tried to object Cassie said, "Buy my passage to America, Eliza, then send a note at Philana's house to tell me what line and the schedule. As soon as I can I'll follow you to Boston."

It was a capable fantasy. Cassie counted on it to convince her father and sister to leave. "Go this very moment," she told them again, her voice filled with every ounce of command she owned.

Tears filled Eliza's eyes. She kicked her heels into the big horse's side. The horse trotted away from the coach.

Roland shook his head. "Would that I had never seen a deck of cards," he said then stepped up onto the coach's forward wheel, doing what Cassie couldn't, mounting the horse. He laid his makeshift saddle bags over its shoulders and cantered after Eliza, leading the last two coach horses.





Still seated on the side of the coach, Cassie watched her family disappear, devastated. How would Eliza ever remain safe without her? How could Cassie protect herself without her family? If the men about to come upon her were from the earl she was in terrible trouble.

And, if they weren't? Then, perhaps they would help her.

Do what?

She could hide, but not for long. Should Lord Bucksden poll Lord Ryecroft's local guests, seeking information about the Conningsbys, he'd get an earful. Cassie had no doubt that the whole neighborhood knew by now what had happened in Ryecroft Castle's card room last night, and that the Conningsbys had returned with Philana to Ettrick House. The news of a strange woman found in a fallen coach would travel even faster.

Cassie swiveled on the door then gingerly lowered herself through the empty square opening in the side door even as she called herself a coward for doing so. It wasn't that she thought she could hide; it was that she couldn't bear to sit, trapped, as she watched Lord Bucksden ride toward her.

In the coach, she eased her feet down the length of the bench seat until she landed gently on the opposite door frame. Her weight strained the door beneath her. Mud oozed through its opening, the muck spilling onto Cassie's boots. She pressed herself as far back into the corner of the coach's belly as she could, praying the oncoming men would ride on, convinced by the absence of horses that the coach had been abandoned.

A horse whickered. The men were upon her. Cassie closed her eyes, her heart pounding. She covered her mouth with her hand to stifle the sound of her breathing.

"Wha' na?" asked one man, the lilt of Scotland in his voice.

"Conningsby's coach," Lucien answered.

Cassie's eyes flew open. Lucien? Her heart leapt then crashed through the bottom of the coach to wallow in the mud beneath it.

There was only one reason for Lucien to be following her: her secretive departure from Ryecroft Castle had confirmed to him she was a cheat. But how had he known to look for her on the Edinburgh road?

Cassie's eyes narrowed. Philana and her meddling! She'd told Lucien how to find them and in doing so had destroyed Cassie's elaborate plan to protect her.

Although the thought that Philana might yet be in danger upset Cassie, the thought of returning to Ettrick House in Lucien's custody terrified her. The whole way Lucien would demand she admit she was a sharp. If she tried to explain about her skill, he would only call her a liar and point to her family's flight from Ryecroft as proof. If she lied and gave him what he wanted, he would gloat and in doing so destroy every shard of those memories she'd cherished of him, memories she hadn't realized she'd held precious until last night.

She'd lost so much over the past month. The thought of Lucien unfairly destroying the last of her girlhood dreams was more than she could bear.

The answer came in a flash. Not long ago a tale circulated in London about a soldier who'd taken a blow to the head and lost all memory of his life prior to his injury. It wasn't a great stretch to imagine she might have hit her head had she been in the coach when it fell. If she couldn't remember Lucien, she didn't have to talk to him. If he couldn't accuse her, she could hold tight to what little sweetness she had left in her life. Best of all, he, being a gentleman, had no choice but to return her to Philana's house despite her pretense.

Giving herself no time to reconsider, Cassie swiftly tore her bonnet from her head then pulled out a few of her hair pins. Hoping she looked appropriately injured, she relaxed back into the corner and closed her eyes.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Lucien dismounted and started for the fallen coach. Such an accident wasn't uncommon for such heavy vehicles on Scotland's uncertain and rudimentary roads.

From his perch atop his own rawboned mount, Lucien's gamekeeper surveyed the toppled, horseless coach. In all truth Jamie was more the doer of odd jobs and errands at Lucien's lodge, as well as husband to its housekeeper, than either the lodge's caretaker or gamekeeper. However, Jamie, enjoyed his title and lived up to it in his dress: a short-crowned hat, decorated with a buckle that he must have gotten from his grandfather, a serviceable brown coat, patched waistcoat, leather knee breeches, thick stockings and heavy boots.

"Ye shouldna waste yer time, m'lord. The coach horses are gone. No doubt they've ridden on, na wanting to meet you," Jamie said, speaking with none of the servility that should have been employed when addressing one of England's peers.

Jamie's familiarity toward Lucien had evolved over the previous summer when he played the role of Lucien's drinking companion and story teller. For that summer Jamie and Maggie had been the only servants Lucien kept at the lodge, having left Hastings to his own devices at Graceton Castle.

"It's my time to waste," Lucien replied to Jamie, toeing one of the trunks that lay on the road.

What clue to Cassie's trick had he, Percy and Egremont all missed last night? It had to be something obvious. Not only were the Conningsbys fleeing like the devil was on their tail, their haste was so urgent that they left their possessions behind as they went.

He stepped at the coach's side, glanced inside then froze. Cassie sprawled in a lifeless heap at the bottom of the vehicle. The hem of her lavender pelisse was filthy with mud, her golden hair, torn from its usual careful confinement, was in wild disarray.

"Jamie," he shouted and leapt up onto the side of the coach.

Tossing aside his hat, Lucien lowered himself through the window and dropped to a crouch beside Cassie. The coach rocked a little in reaction to his landing. Mud oozed into the interior, touching Cassie's hand. Her fingers moved. Her eyelids flickered.

Relief tore through him. She wasn't dead, only unconscious. He slaughtered his relief. He'd indulge in no pity for a cheat, not even a beautiful, injured one.

Jamie leaned into the window above Lucien. Pity cut creases into his lean cheeks and gleamed in his bright blue eyes beneath the dark fringe of his hair. "Ach, the poor wee creature. They left her here, hurt and alone."

"She wasn't alone for long, was she?" Lucien retorted, torn between agreeing with Jamie—what sort of man left his unconscious daughter alone on the road?—and the certainty that the Conningsbys had known someone followed them. Both Lucien and Jamie had seen Sir Roland look back at them not long ago. A cheat wouldn't hesitate to use anyone she found to achieve her sordid ends, whatever they might be.

Cassie groaned, tried to move then gasped, stiffening as if in pain. Her eyes opened, their usual golden-brown color so dark they appeared almost black. She looked up at him, her expression as guarded as he expected of someone about to face her comeuppance.

"Well, now," he said to her, "it appears your haste to escape has cost you dearly. Let me guess. Your sister and father took my money with them as they fled, leaving you to face the consequences of your actions by yourself."

Something flickered in her eyes then her gaze shifted until she looked at his neckcloth. She frowned at his throat. "Who are you?" she asked, her voice tremulous and quiet. "What are you talking about?"

If anything remained of Lucien's compassion it was buried beneath his outrage at her nefarious attempt to use him. Just what sort of fool did she take him for? Lucien had seen stunned men, men hit hard enough to temporarily lose their memories, taken from the boxing ring at his London gymnasium. Their questions were frightened and frantic as they fought to wrench the missing answers from their uncooperative brains.

With that, the answer to her ploy rushed over Lucien, the idea both stunning in its brilliance and ultimately satisfying. Best of all, it would expose her to the world for the cheat and liar she was. Mustering every ounce of acting ability he owned, Lucien crooned, "Why, my dear, how can you not recognize me? I'm your husband."

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Her husband?! Cassie's eyes flew wide. Triumph blazed in Lucien's steely eyes as he waited for her to deny him. In that moment he looked every bit as dangerous as Lord Bucksden.

No, he looked like a man willing to step outside society's convention to have what he wanted, and what he wanted was her complete destruction. It was time to admit defeat even if doing so only validated all the terrible things he believed about her.

Tired, hurt and defeated, Cassie opened her mouth to tell him everything, only to have the most outrageous thought unfold in her. No matter what she said or did, Lucien would forever after believe the worst of her. She, on the other hand, needed someone to protect her from Lord Bucksden until she was healed enough to make her way to Edinburgh. More importantly, she needed to do her healing away from Ettrick House and Philana. Could there be a better place for her to hide than with this new husband of hers, the same man whom Lord Bucksden feared?

It was so very wrong, but not nearly as wrong as Lucien refusing to behave as any other gentleman would. She swallowed her confession. What Lucien deserved was for her to not only call his bluff but up the ante in this game of his.

"This cannot be," she countered. "Try as I might I cannot recall you as my husband or that I am even married." She spoke nothing but the truth and yet in her phrasing she turned her words into a powerful trump card.

Astonishment shot through Lucien's gray eyes. Cassie wasn't sure if she should laugh or worry. He'd been utterly certain she would crumble before his ploy. Even as the gloating twist of his mouth drooped, his eyes narrowed and his jaw tightened. She read the message in every line of his body just as easily as she read him at the card table. Although he might call her cheat and scoundrel, he would never admit to his own lie. Of course he wouldn't. Doing so would only turn him into the same cheat he accused her of being.

Cassie shifted to look at the rustic staring down at them through the coach door. "Tell me, sir. Is this man truly my husband?" she asked, placing a hand on Lucien's arm. He twitched his arm to the side to escape her fingers.

An air of amusement clung to the dour lines of the man's chiseled face. He was no doubt enjoying this little charade between his betters more than any Punch and Judy he'd ever seen. After a quick, laughing glance at Lucien, the man said, "If that's wha his lordship says, madam, so it mun be. I canna say more, for we've na met until this very moment," he replied. Unlike his noble employer he took care to tiptoe carefully around his lie.

Lucien looked from the man to Cassie. His jaw was still tight as he glared at her. Then his brows lifted and his lips stretched into a smile. Reaching out, Lucien touched his fingers to her muddy cheek.

"Oh, my poor darling," he crooned. "Look how my inattention has hurt you. Why did I agree that you should travel to Edinburgh on your own?"

Cassie barely stopped herself from rolling her eyes. Had she really suffered from amnesia she might well have been asking some very pointed questions of Lucien as to the sort of husband he was. She wasn't just alone, she was without maid, companion, coachman or even horses. "Why did you?" she asked, leaning her face into his hand.

Something flashed through Lucien's gaze as he lost yet another round to Cassie. "Open the door, Jamie, and I'll lift her up to you," he growled.

"Aye, m'lord," this Jamie replied and disappeared.

The coach door squeaked open, displaying a larger panel of the sky to Cassie's view. Lucien slipped his arms beneath her. As Cassie's injured leg bent over his forearm pain shot through her. She gasped and struggled against him. His eyes narrowed and his arms tightened around her to hold her against him.

"No, stop," she pleaded. "My leg hurts when it bends."

"Let me see," Lucien snapped.

He set her down, her back braced in a corner, her legs stretching across the top of the downward facing door. Treating her with the familiarity of a husband, Lucien lifted the mud-stained hems of her attire nearly to her thighs.

Cassie would have reacted except the sight of her injured leg made her moan. Above her white stocking and its pink and green embroidered garter her knee was swollen, the skin already darkening from an injured yellow to the blue-black of a bruise. Her ankle didn't look as puffy as she expected, although it throbbed against the top of her short boot.

"Ach, ye poor wee creature," Jamie said, reappearing above the coach.

"Egad, no wonder it hurts when you bend it," Lucien said, new gentleness in his voice. "How did it happen?"

Cassie opened her mouth to tell him that the trunk fell on her, only to swallow her explanation as she caught the sly look he sent her way. This was a trap and the opening wager on their next hand.

"I don't know," she replied. "My ankle throbs as well."

"All the more reason to get you home as soon as I can, darling," Lucien said, threat still lingering in his voice.

Darling. What would it be like to hear him honestly call her that? Lucien slid his arms more carefully beneath her this time. Cassie clasped her hands together behind his nape. As he lifted her she breathed in, her lungs filling with his scents, that of sandalwood, damp breeze, and horse.

He lifted her with ease, coming upright in the fallen coach's open doorway. When he sat her on the coach's side, he reached out to gently tuck a strand of Cassie's tumbled hair back behind her ear. Although it was a gesture in which a husband might indulge, it was also a threat. With his touch Lucien hinted that if she pushed this game to its logical conclusion he might well demand his husbandly rights.

Not certain how to respond Cassie eyed him for a moment, only to lose herself in appreciation. He looked very fine in his blue, long-tailed coat, buff waistcoat and buckskin trousers. How she liked his rugged features and the way the rising breeze tousled his honey colored hair.

Would Lucien truly press her into his bed? The certainty that he would never force her rose from the depths of Cassie's soul. If he'd been that sort of man, he would not have left her in the garden when she'd all but begged him to use her. That left her wondering what it would it be like to be Lucien's wife, if only for what little time it took her injuries to heal and to guarantee Eliza's safety.

In that instant Cassie hated her life and the barren, impoverished widowhood she expected would be her lot. It didn't matter that she would never be Lucien's cherished love or that he would never honor her above all others by offering his marriage vow. She would take the pretense he offered and be his ever-so-brief wife.





How could the woman he'd known and admired six years ago have changed so much?

Under a glowering ceiling of clouds another gust of sodden wind tugged at Lucien's hat. Raindrops pattered on his back. The breeze smelled as wild and vast as the almost treeless sweep and roll of the Scottish landscape around him.

He looked down at Cassie, dozing fitfully against his shoulder as she sat sideways in front of him in his saddle. It wasn't an easy ride for her. He'd used his waistcoat to bind her injured knee to keep it from bending then braced her leg on his thigh. Her bonnet lay in her lap, the hat's brim too wide for their intimate position.

Her hair, smelling of rainwater and rose, brushed his jaw. Her breast pressed against his chest, her hip against his open thighs. Three days ago her nearness might have left him wild with wanting her. Today, Lucien kept as tight a rein on his reaction to her as he did on his gelding. For the second time in twenty-four hours Cassie was getting the best of him and again doing it in front of a witness.

He glanced at Jamie. Riding alongside his employer, the servant squinted back at Lucien, one eye closed. Confusion and amusement filled the harsh lines of the man's face then he shook his head and chuckled, the sound no more than a breath.

And once again, Lucien was the butt of someone else's amusement. His hands tightened on the reins. His gelding, already unhappy about carrying Cassie's additional weight, pranced in protest.

The movement jolted Cassie's knee. Gasping, she jolted out of her doze, straightening between Lucien's arms and grabbing for her leg. Her breasts pressed on his upper arm. Blast the conniving little sharp! Blast himself. How could he still want her knowing that she used him?

And, she had to be using him. Why else would she persist in the pretense of amnesia when they both knew there was nothing wrong with her memory?

A tiny voice rose from deep within him. If he didn't want Cassie to use him all he had to do was take her Philana Forster's house, then ride away without a backward look. Every ounce of pride Lucien owned roared in refusal. He wouldn't let her go until she admitted to being a sharp and a liar, thereby restoring his dignity.

Cassie sagged back against him, her face pale. "Can we stop for a little?" she asked, her voice thready.

"My lodge isn't much farther," he replied, then added in bitter afterthought, "darling."

Blast, blast, blast. Taking her to his lodge meant violating the sanctuary he'd made of the place. In the two years he'd owned the house not even Devanney had visited.

Philana Forster's house.

Again, Lucien's jaw tightened in refusal. Why hadn't Cassie folded when he named himself her husband?

"How far?" she begged.

"You can see it now. Look there, to the west," he told her, another spate of rain tapped at his back.

Cassie turned her head in the direction he indicated then sagged back against him. "Not so far," she said in deep relief, leaning back against his shoulder, her head tilted up, her eyes closed.

That she could remain so relaxed when she was completely at his mercy bothered Lucien. Perhaps she believed him too honorable to fulfill his threat. In that she was wrong. He'd give her until nightfall to admit the truth. If she didn't, he'd join her in bed and demand she play the role of his wife.

The corners of Lucien's mouth tightened. Not even this new Cassie would go that far to avoid confessing. Once she realized that he meant to take her unless she admitted to everything, she'd crumble. Only then would he return her to Philana Forster.

It wasn't long before Lucien and Jamie were drawing their horses to a halt in front of his lodge, which was in truth a Border Pele tower. Originally a sort of fortified farm house, the square structure was built of stone and stood three storeys tall and a good forty feet wide. It nestled in the embrace of the rugged hills at the point where they gave way to the long plain that stretched down to the Ettrick Water.

Behind the tower the stream Lucien fished had cut a broad, snaking trench into the hills, one deep enough that it took a good climb down to reach the water's edge. In wilder times men from this side of the Scots side of the English border had raided the other, bringing their stolen English cattle and sheep to graze in the stream's hidden trench, protecting their ill-gotten gains with this tower.

Except for the apple orchard outside his door, which concealed Jamie and Maggie's cottage, and a good sized copse planted by the previous owner on the tower's north, there were no trees. Instead, the hills that rose some three or four hundred feet above his tower's roof wore an emerald cloak of rough heather, bracken and grass, nothing growing taller than his knees.

Jamie dismounted then hesitated. "Shall I take the cart and bring back yer lady's trunks, m'lord?"

"First, go within and warn Maggie that I and my wife," Lucien's tongue stumbled over the word, "intend to spend the night here."

Jamie choked back another chuckle. He trotted to the tower, leaving the door open behind him after he entered. The savory smell of baking bread and roasting meat flowed out of the tower kitchen. Lucien's stomach reacted; he hadn't eaten yet today, but this was Maggie's and Jamie's dinner, not his. Lucien hadn't expected to return to the tower tonight, and Maggie used the kitchen as she pleased.

"Maggie, his lordship comes, bringin' his wife with him." Jamie's amused announcement echoed out to Lucien.

He clenched his teeth, dismounted around Cassie, then turned and held his arms up to her. She slid into his embrace. He lowered her until her feet met the earth. She gasped then clutched at his arm to hold herself erect.

"Pins and needles," she said, looking up at him, a rueful smile twisting her lips. Her voice was barely louder than a whisper. New trepidation filled her expression.

Confidence rushed through Lucien. It was about time. All he need do was press her a little more, pretending to want marital concourse and she'd be singing of her sins in no time.

"Let me carry you in, darling," he said, pasting a smile on his face and sweeping her up into his arms. Since she couldn't walk she had no choice but to agree.

He carried her through the door and directly into the kitchen. As always, the room's comfort and clutter closed about Lucien, welcoming him home. The walls were white plaster, the ceiling wooden and crossed by thick, ancient beams. To call the chamber crowded didn't do it justice. The scullery consisted of a pump and two stone sinks against the back wall. A narrow wooden cupboard stood to Lucien's left. At the center of the room was a thick, scarred table, its age-darkened surface littered with whatever bowls, knifes and other cooking implements Maggie had been using. More dangled from hooks driven into the table's thick sides. Pans hung on the walls along with bigger implements, ricers, sieves and choppers and such. A number of small cheeses hung in net bags. Bunches of herbs dangled from the beams. A cheery blaze burned in the round brick-trimmed mouth of the fireplace set in the wall to the right of the door. The oven was a smaller opening high on the hearth's plaster face.

The air was warm, fragrant and moist; Maggie had water boiling at one side of the hearth. A good sized piece of meat roasted on the other, sizzling and spitting as it cooked, more than enough for four. Two smaller pots sat at the front of the hearth, their lids chattering. The smell of stewing apples rose from one of them.

Jamie and tall, narrow Maggie stood in front of the two small doors that led to the tower's tiny pantry and its just-as-small dairy. A youth of no more than twenty and as tall and thin as Maggie stood beside her. That he was one of Maggie's nephews there was no doubting. He shared his aunt's coppery hair, long nose, thin lips and pale, freckled skin.

"My lord." The boy bowed to Lucien then swiftly disappeared through the door into the gray afternoon.

As the lad left, Maggie fixed Lucien with her sharpest gaze. Framed by her ruddy lashes her green eyes narrowed. One faint, red brow lifted. Maggie wore her Sunday dress and her best lace-trimmed cap, something that startled Lucien. She'd taken care to roll up her sleeves and cover her finery with her well-used apron.

He waited, tensed in preparation for battle. Servant or not, Maggie was her own person; if she considered Lucien returning with a wife to be ill-considered, she'd say so. Instead, Maggie turned her pointed gaze onto Cassie, staring as if her look could penetrate the little sharp's heart. A moment later Maggie's face softened in consideration. She gave a single nod as if something of import had been decided, then bobbed.

"Lady Graceton," she said to Cassie then looked at Lucien. "I see ye've found her, m'lord."

"I have," Lucien replied, not certain why Maggie supported his bluff, nor was he grateful that she did.

"She's injured," he added. "I'll take her up to her chamber. Fetch fuel for her hearth and come see what you can do for her leg."

Maggie smiled openly at him. "Aye, ye do that m'lord, take her to her chamber. I'll be na a moment 'fore I come after you."

Frowning in surprise, Lucien turned toward the stairs. What in the world had gotten into the woman?

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Lady Graceton. The title pierced Cassie like a knife driven all the way to her core. Why had that woman called her Lady Graceton when she had to know Cassie wasn't Lucien's wife, or his lady? No matter that beyond these humble walls she was vulnerable to Lord Bucksden. Inside, she was at Lucien's mercy, her position all the more precarious if his servants supported him in his ruse.

Now was the moment to speak the truth, admitting to everything Lucien wanted to hear. Once she'd done that she could demand he return her to Philana's house. She opened her mouth. No words came.

Now! It had to be now, before he took her to her chamber. Not so much as a vowel formed on her tongue.

Turning, Lucien headed for one corner of the kitchen. Cassie looked back over his shoulder at the tall red-headed woman. The woman smiled at her, the movement of her mouth filled with approval, as if she were congratulating Cassie on a job well done. Cassie frowned in confusion.

"Have a care," Lucien said sharply as he slid sideways into a narrow, spiraling staircase, "sit as straight as you can or you'll hit your head."

It was a good thing he warned her. The plastered wall of the stairwell closed around them, pressing them close. The only sounds were their breathing and the echoing scrape of Lucien's boots against the stone steps. With her arms around his neck Cassie felt the beat of his heart against her own.

Lucien paused on the second storey landing to resettle her in his arms. That gave Cassie a glimpse of a large room, a hall of sorts. Like the kitchen it had a beamed wooden ceiling and white plastered walls, the expanse of which was decorated with portraits. A pretty blue and green carpet covered its wooden floor. A pair of blue sofas stood at the room's center. The empty fireplace against the far wall was nearly as wide as the room and deep enough that it contained a pair of benches.

Lucien continued upward to the next landing, which opened up into a stark, spacious bedchamber. Here, the sharply pitched ceiling was the underside of the roof, support beams crisscrossing in the open air. White wainscoting trimmed with a simple molding decorated the lower portion of the plastered walls. The fireplace stood on the stair wall.

There wasn't much in the way of furnishings. A well worn carpet covered the scarred wooden floor. A washstand and a chair stood next to the bed while a chest and single small dresser offered storage. The bed, although constructed of fine mahogany, was as lacking in decoration as the walls. Only the barest of yellow fringe trimmed its solid red counterpane.

Another door cut into the wall across from the landing. Lucien carried Cassie to it, taking her past a wide window that offered a spectacular view of a long plain and a distant river. Behind the door was yet another bedchamber, nearly the twin of the first one, right down to the window, except that the bed was bigger and the counterpane done in glorious blues and golds. The hearth in the far wall was empty, but the room's chill had less to do with the lack of a fire than with the sense that the room hadn't been used in a long time.

Lucien set Cassie on the edge of the bed then dropped onto one knee before her. After removing his hat and gloves, he lifted her hems to reveal her waistcoat-bound knee then began to unwind her makeshift bandage.

As he worked Cassie looked at the door behind him and the other bedchamber. Lucien's bedroom. He would sleep between her and the stairs, or rather between her and escape.

Lucien pulled his waistcoat off Cassie's leg, dropping the muddy garment onto the floor. The binding had not only kept her knee from bending too much, but eased the throbbing. As it began again to pulse she eyed it in critical concern.

"I think the swelling's worse and it's darkened much more," she said, speaking more to herself than him.

Lucien sat back on his heel then gently lifted her leg, bending her knee a little. She flinched as pain shot through her. It wasn't as bad as she expected. He put her foot back on the floor and glanced up at her.

"I dare say it'll look even worse by the morrow. Maggie may have something to ease the bruising and take down the swelling."

There was no expression on his face or in his eyes. She might as well have been an injured horse.

"Thank you, my lord," she replied, feeling more alone than she'd ever known possible.

His gray eyes grew as cold as the room. "Lucien."

"I beg your pardon?" Cassie asked, startled.

"My wife calls me Lucien," he said, that angry, challenging edge to his voice.

"Do I?" she asked, her tone studied and blank. "And, what do you call me?"

He blinked as if surprised by her return challenge then determination flared to life in his eyes. Reaching up, he ran his fingers down the curve of her cheek. Cassie's heart twisted. He'd offered her the same caress in Lord Ryecroft's garden, but then it had been filled with real emotion, albeit lust. Now, all his fingers against her skin conveyed was threat.

"I have called you Cassie," he answered grudgingly.

She stared at him, flabbergasted. The comfortable way he pronounced her pet name suggested that he had, indeed, been referring to her as Cassie in his mind, instead of Mrs. Marston or even Cassandra. Only the people who loved her called her Cassie.

As if speaking her name freed something within him, Lucien's expression softened. In that instant he became the man who'd stolen her heart six years ago, the same man who'd claimed her kiss in the garden two nights past. This was the husband Cassie wanted, a friend with whom she could laugh and tease and a man who cared enough for her not to leave her injured and alone on a deserted road. A lover, who respected her enough to retreat when she told him no.

Without thought Cassie reached out to claim that man, wanting him more than she dreamed possible. She laid her hand on his shoulder. The ice melted from Lucien's gaze. This time when his fingers came to rest against her cheek all the affection Cassie craved filled his touch.

Footsteps rapped sharply across the floor of Lucien's bedchamber. Lucien snatched back his hand and came to his feet, his eyes once again as hard as ice. Maggie bustled in and hurried to the hearth, carrying an armload of wood.

"Maggie, when you've seen to my wife"—again Lucien stumbled over the word, no doubt despising it as much as Cassie did at the moment—"I'll be wanting dinner. Have you enough for the four of us?"

"Aye, m'lord," Maggie replied without turning to look at him as she placed wood and kindling in the hearth. "Will you and your lady dine together in the hall?"

The thought of dining across a table from Lucien made Cassie cringe. He glanced at her, his expression flat. "I doubt she can manage the stairs."

Cassie took his words to heart. If she'd been his true wife he would have carried her down to his hall just as he'd carried her up here. But, she wasn't his wife, and he would never be the husband she'd dreamed about six years ago.

"It's just as well that I eat in my chamber tonight," Cassie said. "I fear I'm exhausted."

"As you will, m'lady," the Scotswoman replied without looking up from her chore.

Lucien turned on his heel and crossed into his own bedchamber, closing the door behind him. Maggie opened the flue and brought the fire to life, then came to Cassie. Without a word of introduction or any show of deference she knelt and examined Cassie's injured knee, moving it much as Lucien had. Again, Cassie flinched.

"Na more than a wrench despite the pretty colors," Maggie pronounced a moment later. "I've a liniment that should help."

She looked up into Cassie's face. Approval, amusement and deep pleasure all flashed in her green eyes. "I'd offer ye a bath, but the tub canna come up yon wee stairs and ye canna come down to the kitchen, not without aid and it doesna appear as his lordship wishes to offer ye that aid. What say ye to a bucket of water, soap and a towel?"

"Yes, thank you very much," Cassie said, wanting very much to be free of mud.

"So, ye've no memory at all?" Maggie asked, the lines of her face flattening back into her tight expression.

"None at all," Cassie replied flatly; then being a fraud got the better of her. The words she couldn't speak to Lucien exploded past her lips. "How can you be so kind to me when you have to know"—she started.

Maggie put a hasty finger against Cassie's lips to stop her. "Na more, my lady. There's much ye canna ken about this wee drama of yers. All that matters t'me is that ye were found on the road in a fallen coach and that ye've na any recall of yer own good husband. Now, here's a bit fer ye to chew on. Two summers and a good part of last spring and autumn has Lord Graceton spent in this house, serving his mourning period as if he truly grieved when I think he canna have been much pained by his wife's passing. In that time he's na brought man nor woman here. Until ye."

She gave special emphasis to this as if there was some import to Cassie's arrival here in Lucien's custody. Cassie knew better. The only reason Lucien brought her here was that he wanted to twist the truth out of her before he was forced to admit to his own bad behavior.

"Now, we'll say na more of that, my lady," Maggie said, the honorific rolling far more easily off her tongue than the word wife did from Lucien's. "I'll fetch ye water and yer liniment."





Cassie awoke with a start. Her heart pounding, she fought her way free of a dream in which she again swung that urn at Lord Bucksden. She stared into the darkness, lost for an instant in the deep shadows and silvery half light around her. Embers snapped and popped, the wind howled. Rain rattled at window panes. The dwelling creaked and groaned in the stillness of night.

And she was utterly nude beneath her bedclothes.

The day rushed back over her, the toppled coach, Eliza's departure on horseback, Lucien and her supposedly missing memory. Missing memory, indeed. The only thing Cassie couldn't remember was falling asleep in this bed.

She recalled washing, then Maggie taking away her muddy clothing, promising to bring up Cassie's nightgown when Jamie returned with her belongings. Cassie had then yawned her way into the meal Maggie brought, dining upright in bed, coddling her leg. After that, there was nothing, including anyone taking away her dinner tray.

Sighing, she slid deeper into her bedclothes. Her knee twinged, but not as badly as it had earlier. She'd never before slept unclad. It was a sensuous feeling, smooth cotton against her skin.

She rolled carefully onto her opposite side. A thick unnatural shape loomed, framed in the open doorway. Cassie gave a startled, wordless cry.

"You were moaning in your sleep," Lucien said.

"Oh, it's you," she gasped. Separating his form from the enclosing night, she discerned the grayer tones of his flesh and hair from the darkness that must be his bedrobe.

"Who else would be in your bedchamber except your husband?" he retorted, but this time the bitterness in his voice wasn't aimed just at her.

The reminder of how Lord Bucksden had hurt him brought Cassie completely awake. "Who else, indeed," she murmured. "I'm sorry if I disturbed you."

"I wasn't yet asleep."

Lucien came to her bedside. That his footfalls made no sound said his feet were bare. He sat beside her, his weight making the bed dip.

As always happened when they were close, the heat of his body reached out to her, his sandalwood scent taunting. Cassie looked up at him, picking out his features. There was nothing tousled about his appearance. He hadn't been sleeping.

No, he'd been waiting.

Her heartbeat lifted to a nervous pace. He was going to do it. He was going to force her to choose between protecting her heart and body from him or protecting Eliza.

It was her turn to bluff, only she had nothing in her hand, or rather on her body, that could support her ruse. "What time is it?" she asked, stalling.

"Late. Very late. Long past time to be abed," Lucien said, then leaned down and brushed his lips against her cheek.

There it was, his threat. He moved his mouth, touching his lips to hers. It was a dry kiss, lacking any trace of the passion he'd shown her in the garden.

Cassie didn't know whether to exult or cry. He didn't expect her to let him into her bed or her body. He expected her to fold before his bluff, his husbandly demand, and give him his confession.

If not for her dream and her fear of being vulnerable to Lord Bucksden she might have done it. At least, that was the excuse she gave herself for persisting in her ruse. "Then you should go to bed," she told him.

Consternation wafted from him. She'd again upped the ante in their game when they both knew her hand was no match for his. "I intend to," he replied, his lips hovering over her ear, his breath caressing her skin.

Cassie shivered. "But isn't your bed in the other room?" she asked, demanding that he show his hand.

"Yes, but I've decided to sleep in here tonight," he murmured, now nuzzling her ear.

Cassie shivered. Every inch of her body came to life, demanding that she invite Lucien to join her. It was to stop her, not him, that she spewed the awful nonsense she'd practiced during this morning's interminable ride.

"Please, Lucien," she said, his given name coming less fluidly from her lips than her pet name had come from his. "Wait a few days or perhaps a week. Surely by then I'll have regained my memory and you'll no longer be a stranger to me."

There wasn't an ounce of sincerity in a single syllable. Damnation. Cassie closed her eyes. Why couldn't she be one of those women who found a wife's duty distasteful?

"How can you say we're strangers," Lucien whispered against her throat. "We're husband and wife."

Something wicked stirred deep in Cassie. Why should she worry about what she and Lucien did here tonight? She'd be gone to America soon enough. As for carrying his child she was probably barren. She'd been two years married without so much as a flicker of life in her womb.

Sighing in resignation and trembling in anticipation, Cassie turned her head to the side, craving Lucien's kiss against her nape. He released a startled breath, his mouth again hovering a bare inch above her skin. A shiver flew down her spine. Lord, but she was worse than a wanton if all it took to set her senses on fire was the idea of his kiss.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



What in God's hell was she doing? Lucien reared back from her.

Giving herself to him, that's what.

But she wasn't supposed to agree to let him into her bed. She was supposed to confess to being a sharp. Why wasn't she folding now that he'd called her bluff?

She made a quiet sound and turned her head to look up at him. The gentle curve of her cheek and the line of her nose glowed pale white in the night. Her eyes glinted.

Slowly, she drew her arms out from beneath her bedclothes. What remained of rational thought in Lucien died. Not so much as a scrap of fabric covered her arms. She was naked beneath the bedclothes.

Reaching up, she brushed her fingers across his chin then traced the outline of his lips. Without thought Lucien turned his head to kiss her fingertips. Her caress moved on across his cheek until she gently combed her fingers into his hair.

He closed his eyes, lost in sensation. When she traced the outline of his ear he laid his hand on her wrist and stroked the naked length of her arm. Then, cupping her cheek in his palm, he leaned down to brush his mouth across hers. She gave a tiny gasp at his play and caught his mouth with hers. Her lips softened, begging him to kiss her the way he'd done in the garden.

Unfettered by thought or purpose, Lucien's need for her, six years denied, exploded into an inferno of wanting. He buried his hands into her hair and gave her what she requested. His mouth moved across hers, his kiss filled with every ounce of desire she'd awakened in him. She made a tiny sound. Wrapping her arms around him, she pulled herself against him, rising off the mattress just far enough that she exposed her back to Lucien.

He couldn't resist, not after the interlude in Ryecroft Castle's corridor. He stroked the length of her spine, bringing his hand to a stop against the curve of her hip. Her skin felt every bit as wondrous as he'd imagined.

He kissed her cheek, her ear, then down her neck until he nuzzled at her nape as she'd begged him to do a moment ago. She moaned, arching against him in taunting pantomime of the joining they both craved.

Lucien shook, wanting to feel her breasts against his chest. No, he wanted to feel every inch of her skin touching his. Releasing her, he dropped his bedrobe. It was all he wore. All of his belongings, his nightshirt included, were still at Ryecroft Castle.

Catching the corner of the coverlet, he started to pull back the bedclothes. Cassie gasped and put a hand at the top of her chest to hold the bedclothes in place.

"Don't," she cried softly.

Anger sliced through what already raged in him. The devil take her! She was again trying to use his desire against him. Not this time. He reached for the coverlet again. This time she only slid to the side a little as if making room for him.

"It's only that I barely know you," she whispered.

It wasn't the shrill protest Lucien expected, but of late none of Cassie's responses had been what he expected. No matter her reason, for six years she'd haunted his dreams and his desires. He needed to see her.

He tossed aside the bedclothes. She made a small sound but didn't try to shield her body from his view. Lucien breathed out in appreciation.

It wasn't dark enough to conceal her. Instead shadows clung to the hollow in her throat and the valley between her breasts, marking her navel and concealing the temptation that hid in the triangle of hair between her thighs. He traced the slender curve of her waist from her ribs to the gentle flare of her hips. She caught his hand, twining her fingers with his then pulling up the coverlet until most of her was again covered.

"This is wrong," she whispered. Honesty rang in her voice.

Everything in Lucien howled in protest. She was going to confess! She couldn't do it now, not when he'd never wanted a woman as much as he wanted her.

"How can it be wrong when we are man and wife?" he argued quietly. With those words he tossed aside the last remnants of the honorable man he'd once believed himself. Better a lie than to lose Cassie now.

"Are we?" she pleaded.

Lucien's need flared even higher. She wanted to be persuaded to give herself to him as deeply as he wanted her pliant beneath him. Lifting the bedclothes, he joined her in the bed. The linens were warm, smelling of fresh air, Maggie's liniment and Cassie.

Lying on his side, bracing himself on his forearm, he nestled on his side against her. His thigh pressed to hers, his ready shaft touching the gentle curve of her belly. Rather than recoil, she shifted even closer. Lost in sensation, Lucien closed his eyes.

"Of course we're married," he said. "We've been wed these past six years."

His eyes opened. Why had he said six years when any number would have served? He sighed in understanding. He'd been a fool not to wed Cassie six years ago. Damn his arrogance. He'd discarded the clever, charming woman he wanted because she had a degraded father and no fortune to wed a feckless tart with blue blood and nearly as much money as he had.

"Have they been happy years?" Cassie whispered, running her hand across his chest, boldly acquainting herself with his body.

Her touch robbed Lucien of his voice, but not his need to explore her the way she was discovering him. He drew his fingers up from her hip to her waist, coming to a stop beneath her breast. Her hand against his chest stilled. He traced the circumference of her breast with a finger.

"Have we been happy?" she whispered again, her voice hoarse and trembling.

"Deliriously," he replied. Delirious was the perfect word for how he felt at the moment.

As he again kissed her he brushed his thumb across her breast's peak. Cassie cried out, thrusting as boldly into his caress as she'd done in the garden. The sound of her pleasure drove his own higher.

Lucien touched his lips to her breast, doing what her corset had prevented in Devanney's garden. Again, she cried out, threading her fingers into his hair to hold his mouth where it was. Lucien groaned as need for her blazed past any hope of containment. He suckled like a babe, listening to the sounds of her pleasure while lost in his own.

When he could bear it no longer he took her mouth with his, then slid his fingers over the curve of her abdomen until he stroked her nether lips. She jerked against him in welcome response to his caress, as ready and eager as he. Then, she was pushing back from him, easing across the mattress away from him. Beyond control, Lucien followed her, pulling her beneath him, breathing out in satisfaction as her legs opened to him. She braced her hands against his shoulders to keep him from lying full atop her.

"But do we love each other?" she demanded, breathless with the same need driving him past sanity.

Kneeling above her, Lucien caught her hands in his. Twining his fingers with hers, he again lowered himself atop her, pressing the backs of her hands against the mattress so she could resist him no longer. He savored the feeling of her beneath him and the sensation of his shaft brushing the entrance to her womb.

With her hands trapped in his, he pressed a kiss to her lips, then another, and another until she made a greedy sound, wanting something more substantial. He smiled.

"Do we love each other? Yes, with all our hearts," he breathed against her lips. "Come, Cassie. Love me."

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Of course she loved him. She'd never stopped loving him. Seduced by Lucien's sweet lies, she relaxed into their pretense of a marriage and happily cradled his body atop hers.

His thighs were between hers. Her breasts flattened gloriously against the powerful expanse of his chest. She could feel the strength of his arms against her, even if his grip was gentle as he held her hands. His kiss told her how desperately he needed her.

Lifting her hips, she took his shaft into her. He gasped in quiet surprise then thrust more deeply into her. The first hints of the joy Cassie had learned to cherish between husband and wife rippled over her.

Three years was a long time between joys. Wanting the sensations she knew he could make in her, she arched against him, trying to goad him into faster motion. Instead, his next thrust was slow and deliberate. Despite that, another ripple of pleasure hit her. Cassie gasped in surprise. That had never before happened.

She tugged on her trapped hands, needing to touch him. At the same time she tried to lift her legs, knowing her calves atop his thighs could make her pleasure even better. Pain sliced through her as she bent her knee. She gasped and stiffened in reaction.

He instantly stopped moving and raised himself on his forearms. "I've hurt you," he said, his deep voice thick with need. He released her hands.

"No, I've hurt me." She waited for him to move within her again. When he didn't she caught his face in her hands and lifted her head to press her mouth to his.

"Don't stop. Whatever you do, don't stop," she pleaded against his lips.

With a laughing groan, Lucien took her mouth with his then began to move in earnest. Cassie clasped her arms around him and let him carry her into that gentle rush of joy. It came, leaving her panting and crying out, but he still moved within her.

New pressure woke within her, stunning in its intensity and promising a depth of joy she hadn't imagined possible. That pressure demanded she move. Greedy for what it promised Cassie cried out against his mouth, then clutched his arms and thrust up against him, driving him deeply within her.

He gasped, his movements quickened. His breathing grew ragged. That pressure in Cassie grew beyond all toleration. She writhed beneath him, hurting her knee and not caring that she did. All that mattered was the wave after wave of joy crashed over her.

Shouting, Lucien rose above her and drove into her one last time. She swore she felt his seed enter her. Her world shattered in a wondrous explosion of pleasure.

Panting, Lucien came to rest atop her then rolled to the side, taking her with him as he went. Breathless and cradled in his embrace, Cassie laid her head against his shoulder. Her eyes closed. At peace, feeling loved, cherished and protected, she let herself drift.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Lucien cradled Cassie close as she dropped back into her dreams. Stunned by what had just happened between them, he watched the sky through the window. Maggie hadn't closed the drapes when she'd come to retrieve Cassie's dinner tray. Every so often the scudding clouds would part to show him a fecund moon.

God help him, but the earth had again moved. Not moved, exploded. Closing his eyes, he bent his head against Cassie's and pulled her closer still.

She sighed in her sleep, her hand slipping off his arm to nestle between them. Despite the depths of his satisfaction, the feeling of her body against his stirred Lucien's desires anew. How could one woman be so different from all the others he'd bedded?

Lucien breathed out in disappointment. She couldn't be. It was that ridiculous game of theirs.

From the moment she agreed to play cards for a kiss everything had changed. He'd never felt so alive. When their game ended, as it surely must, so would his attraction to her.

Would it? The memory of what it had cost him to part from Cassie six years ago filled him. It had hurt to leave her then when all he'd known of her was the pleasure of her presence. What would it be like to part from her now that he knew the pleasure of her presence in his bed?

He ought to take that as a warning. He ought to leave her now, riding hell-bent back to Ryecroft Castle and Devanney. In the morning Jamie could take Cassie back to Philana Forster's home.

Instead, Lucien pulled the bedclothes around them then reached up to rearrange the pillows. Cassie made a quiet sound and rolled over, turning her back to him. He fit his body against hers and closed his eyes. For as long as Cassie had amnesia he would remain her husband.





Morning was streaming through the window unhindered by the sheerest of draperies when Cassie awoke, the sun spilling a diamond-shaped pattern of light onto the worn floorboards. The brilliant blue sky outside the glass was marred with only a few towering white clouds. A beautiful dawn, at least for the moment.

Inside the room the air was warm. Someone had stoked the fire; flames leapt and danced on the hearth. Behind her Cassie felt Lucien's weight and warmth. The regular sound of his breathing said he slept.

She smiled, surprised at how pleased she was that he hadn't retreated to his own chamber. This was especially so since she remained unclothed. If sleeping unclothed was a novel experience for her, sleeping unclothed with a man who wasn't her husband, despite this little game they played, was beyond belief and more than a little wicked. What startled her most was that she could feel so comfortable nude in Lucien's presence.

She rolled over to face him. Her knee twinged, but not nearly as badly as it had last night. He had his back to her. The bedclothes were pushed to his waist.

Cassie's smile widened as she eyed the breadth of his bare back. The need to touch him filled her. She hesitated, stopped by her inner monitor's warning. Touching him wasn't appropriate.

She gave a tiny snort of disbelief. There was no societal mandate to cover this situation. Certainly pretending to be a nobleman's wife while behaving as his mistress had never been a subject of any of her mother's many lectures on manners and feminine behavior. And after last night's lovemaking, Cassie's shattering pleasure and Lucien's shouts it really was too late to retreat to the role of demure widow.

Putting her hand on the head of his arm she measured the breadth of his shoulder with her palm, savoring the strength cloaked by his smooth skin. She paused at his nape to comb her fingers into his hair. She liked the way the strands curled lightly around her fingers almost as much as she liked her temporary freedom to touch him as she willed.

He made a sound then stretched, arching his back and thrusting his elbow high as he pulled a fist into the curve of his neck. Cassie admired the play of muscles in his arm and across his back. New desire stirred from the embers of last night's passion.

Then he rolled over to face her and she forgot to breathe. Here was the Lucien she'd loved six years ago, the Lucien she still loved. All of yesterday's anger was gone. His eyes were so warm they were almost blue.

He smiled and her heart melted. Needing to imprint his image in her memory for all time, she touched her fingers to his temple. Following the straight line of his brow to his nose, she marked his nose's narrow length to his lips. There, she traced the outline of his mouth.

He caught her hand, touched a kiss to her fingertips, and pressed her palm against his heart. Loving him all over again, Cassie moved her fingers against the springy hair that covered his flesh there.

Amusement and pleasure flared to life in Lucien's gray eyes. He rolled onto his back, inviting her to touch him as she would. Cassie accepted, easing closer and coming up onto one elbow to better enjoy her task.

Starting with her hand on his far shoulder she drew her palm over his chest, mapping its masculine swell and fall. Then she moved her hand downward across the flat expanse of his stomach. With her fingertip she marked the narrow path of hair that led to the part of him most male. Her hand stopped where the counterpane blocked her path.

With a quiet laugh Lucien threw back the bedclothes, exposing all of him to her touch. Embarrassment and excitement tangled in Cassie as she eyed the strong length of his legs and his stirring shaft. Her gaze fixed on his shaft, curiosity getting the better of her. Although Charles had touched her he'd never wanted Cassie to touch him in return, something that led Cassie to believe her touch could hurt him.

"Don't ever stop," Lucien murmured, pleasure and laughter filling his voice as he echoed the words she'd said to him last night.

Wanting to please him, but nibbling her lip in hesitation, Cassie followed that line of hair until she almost reached his shaft. There her caress stopped. She froze, torn between wanting to touch him and the certainty that she was worse than a tart because she wanted it.

At last, she looked at him. "I don't know how," she whispered, offering him no more explanation than that.

Lucien released a long slow breath. Desire's heat burned in the skin along his cheekbones. His eyelids lowered as he took her hand. Placing her palm on his shaft, he curled her fingers around it, then drew her hand downward.

Cassie watched in wonderment as his skin slid beneath her hand in the most intriguing way. The sensation was surprising, almost silken. When he released his guiding hand, freeing Cassie to do as she willed, she stroked him again, this time shifting her hand a little.

Lucien's quiet sound of pleasure at her play stirred an answering throb in her. That touching him could excite her as much as it did him had stunning implications, implications Cassie was more than willing to explore. Again she stroked him, anticipating his reaction and her own.

He shifted beneath her caress, his hands flattening into the mattress as if to say that she could do as she willed with his body. Cassie's breath caught at that. Within her she felt the beginnings of her own warmth and wetness.

Freed of all restraint she set to pleasing them both, watching Lucien as she toyed with him. His eyes closed. A tiny crease marked the spot between his brows. After a moment he drew a shaking breath then his hips shifted a little.

Cassie smiled, knowing the meaning behind that motion, at least in her. She definitely wasn't hurting him. Remembering the joy she'd taken last night from his slow, deliberate thrusts, she practiced the same thing on him, stroking his shaft from root to tip and back.

He groaned. His eyes opened. "Kiss me," he demanded, his voice low and hoarse.

Cassie touched her mouth to his, her hair falling around them to enclose them in a golden curtain. He threaded his fingers into her hair to hold her mouth against his then closed his other hand around her breast. Cassie shivered at his caress, the desire to take him within her growing with every breath. As her need expanded so did her inventiveness in the way she moved her hand on his shaft.

Lucien gasped against her mouth and arched sharply beneath her. One instant Cassie was leaning above him then next she fell back onto the mattress with a laugh, Lucien atop her. Her laugh dissolved into a glorious gasp as he thrust himself into her. He braced himself above her on his hands, the desire in his gaze searing her. His jaw tightened as he fought for control. Smiling, Cassie shifted beneath him, taunting him.

He caught a sharp breath. "Stop that," he growled.

"I thought you said I wasn't to stop." She laughed, running her hands over his chest, stroking her palms over his nipples.

He groaned, shuddering at her play then collapsed atop her, taking her mouth with his as he thrust into her. It was Cassie's turn to arch beneath him. That startling tension from last night again unfolded. Crying out, wanting the joy she knew lurked within it, she again thrust up against him.

Lucien half laughed, half gasped against her mouth. "You have to stop. You're driving me mad with wanting you," he said between kisses.

"I can't stop," Cassie whispered, arching beneath him again, barely aware that she was speaking. All that mattered was that wondrous tension and her pursuit of pleasure. She clutched her arms around him, digging her fingers into his back then raised her good leg until her calf rested over his buttock.

"Lord, don't stop," he said on a shuddering breath and gave himself over to the serious pursuit of ecstasy.

They found it together, Cassie's world once more shattering in joy as Lucien again cried out in release. That she could again drive him to sound only added to Cassie's enjoyment. When he relaxed atop her she held him close, feeling his heart beating against her own. He buried his head in the curve of her neck, the new growth of his beard prickling as he kissed her nape. She shivered at his play and felt him smile against her skin.

Laughing, she caught her arms around him, holding him close. As she filled her heart with him she willed this moment to continue for all time. Reality nibbled at that thought.

This would end, it had to and it wouldn't be pleasant when it did. She shoved that thought to the back of her brain, storing it for some other, more distant time. All that mattered now was Lucien and this magical place.

Rising onto his elbow, Lucien kissed her then sat up. "Come, my sweet, it's time to begin our day."

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Lucien left Cassie to pursue his own ablutions, taking his bedrobe and closing the door behind him as he went. Shortly after that Maggie appeared, bearing stacks of clothing from the trunk Cassie shared with Eliza. Reality took another bite from Cassie's fantasy as she watched Maggie unwittingly store Eliza's clothing in the room's small dresser.

Where was Eliza now? Had she reached Edinburgh safely? Fear shot through Cassie. If she hadn't, Cassie might never know what became of her.

Maggie didn't give Cassie long to brood over her sister. Looking far less dour this morning than she had yesterday, the woman bustled back up from the kitchen with hot water and Cassie's own soap, promising a true bath come the morrow. Her tone was filled with the certainty that Cassie would be here on the morrow and all the morrows that followed when nothing of the sort was possible.

Once Cassie had washed Maggie examined Cassie's knee and smilingly pronounced it well on the way to healing. She applied more liniment, then bound it with such skill that there was almost no pain when Cassie hobbled. After that, Maggie helped her dress, waiting patiently as her lady agonized over her attire.

Whatever did a woman wear to join her temporary husband at the breakfast table after they'd shared a night of unmitigated passion? What Cassie finally chose wasn't one of her newest dresses, if the clothing she'd bought just prior to her mother's death could be called new, but a favorite, a white dress printed with a light blue check. She wondered if she chose it because it dated from her marriage to Charles and reflected a certain wifeliness. She filled its bodice opening with a net fichu embroidered with tiny flowers, laughing inwardly at herself as she did so. She was making another stab at respectability when that state was now far beyond her reach, at least here in England.

And then there was her hair. About half her hair pins remained in the fallen coach, and Eliza had been using Cassie's bigger combs when they parted. Maggie had no extra to share.

Cassie did her best, twisting her hair into a tight knot then using what pins she had left to try and hold it in place. Strands kept escaping, the knot sliding to one side or the other. At last, she donned a lacy cap to confine it.

Reality took another bite from fantasy as Cassie remembered Eliza laughingly scorning the cap as too old for her youthful sister. As satisfied with her appearance as she could be, Cassie shooed Maggie ahead of her, refusing the housekeeper's aid as she hobbled slowly down the stairs under her own power.

She entered the second storey hall and paused, lost in pleasant surprise. The room occupied the full width and breadth of this strange tower-house. The light streaming through the broad window on its south wall made the aged floorboard glow golden, the plastered walls to gleam, while the colors in the carpet looked jewel-bright. What Cassie hadn't seen yesterday was that it served as both drawing room and dining room. As much as she admired the elaborately carved gate-legged table with its six chairs, the pretty blue sofas with their delicate curves, their matching tables, the little chests, her trip down the spiraling stairs left her with questions about how they'd come to be in the chamber.

Lucien, already at the table, came to his feet at her entry, smiling in welcome. Although he'd shaved he still wore yesterday's attire without his waistcoat, which was no doubt creased beyond repair after serving as her bandage. His neckcloth was fresh, its knot a simpler version of the one he usually wore.

Reality nipped off yet another piece of this fantasy. Of course Lucien wore yesterday's clothing. His attire and his valet were still at Ryecroft Castle.

"Look at you walk on your own feet," Lucien said, coming out from behind the table to take her arm, supporting her for the remainder of her trip to the table. Cassie leaned against him, loving his nearness, but she had to laugh.

"No doubt your back is grateful for my improvement. What a chore carrying me must have been." She took her chair.

"I can't say that any part of me minded holding you close," he lied as he sat beside her. His mouth lifted into that charming lopsided grin she liked so much. Fantasy regained all the ground it had lost while she dressed.

The table was set for two, the breakfast laid upon it including a surprising array of food. Lucien had his beef, but there was also steaming oatmeal, fried ham, boiled eggs, breads and jams. Maggie appeared with the teapot, took two teacups from the massive cupboard behind the table then retreated down the stairs. Her haste almost screamed of a desire to leave her lord and lady to their own devices.

Cassie eyed that cupboard. "I must ask, since I've no recall," she said, reminding him of their game. "I can understand bringing the beds up the stairs, for they come all apart. But, how did these things come to be in here?" The sweep of her hand indicated the room's furnishings.

He cocked an eyebrow at her, looking vaguely smug. "When I"—he caught himself—"we acquired this place it had only narrow slits for windows. Not surprising, given the tower's somewhat violent purpose in times past. We decided it needed more light, so we had the architect cut this window, as well as the ones in the bedrooms. Before the glass was installed we used a crane on the roof to lift the furnishings to window level, then the workmen brought them in and set them in place. Need I say there won't be any redecorating?" Amusement lifted his brows.

But of course that's what he'd done. Cassie had seen the same sort of crane used in London's warehouses and some of the city's narrower homes. She hadn't expected to see it here in the hinterlands anymore than she would have expected Lucien to own such an odd little house.

"What do we do here?" She sipped at her tea, comfortable in their game for the moment.

"We indulge ourselves in privacy," Lucien replied, cutting a piece of meat.

"Do we?" Cassie murmured, intrigued, watching him eat and wondering if he knew what he'd revealed to her. "Do we do anything here other than hide while we're here?"

He shot her a sharp sidelong look. "We fish in our stream, which runs behind the house."

Cassie made a face at that. Early in her marriage when she was yet committed to being a good country wife she'd once followed Charles to the local stream. The fishing part had been enjoyable enough, but then she'd caught something. Charles had insisted to be a true fisherman, or woman as the case was, she had to remove her own fish from her hook. Just thinking about that day was enough to make her stomach turn.

"I hope I don't," she said.

Amusement again flared in Lucien's eyes. "You most certainly do. You're a better sport than I am."

Cassie sent him a narrow-eyed look. Lucien's taunting smile dared her to spar with him. That brought back the joy of their waltz. Reality retreated, leaving her once again completely swathed in their fantasy.

"Well, it's a shame I don't remember, because it's not often a wife outdoes her husband. And, more's the shame that my knee will keep me away from the stream for such a long time," she said, meeting his feint with one of her own.

Lucien's face blossomed in pleasure. "I wouldn't dream of denying you. We'll go today. I can carry you on my back."

Cassie nodded. "What a wondrous husband you are to me, willing to serve as my pack mule. I cannot thank you enough, my love." The endearment slipped off her tongue, both unexpected and startlingly sincere in its intent.

Something flashed in Lucien's eyes. He leaned near and before Cassie realized what he intended, pressed a kiss to her nape. His effort won him a gasp and a shiver. He smiled against her neck then put his mouth over her ear.

"I far prefer it when you carry me," he whispered.

Cassie caught back her laugh. So did she. God help her, but so did she.

"Lucien darling, I'd do anything for you, but I hardly think I could carry you all the way down to that stream and the fish we both so love," she retorted, purposefully misunderstanding him.

Amusement rumbled deep in his chest. He straightened. "Eat your breakfast. There's something I want to show you."

She wasn't ready to quit sparring. "Really? I cannot imagine there's anything left to see that you haven't already shown me this morning."

Lucien's eyes closed. He bowed his head. Cassie frowned, wondering if she'd gone too far.

In the next instant he threw down his fork and knife then shoved his chair away from the table. Before she knew what he intended he'd snatched her around the waist and dragged her onto his lap. She squealed, her tea sloshing, then settled in his arms.

"What are you doing?" she cried, both amused and stirred. He wanted her again. She could feel it.

Desire's warmth burned in Lucien's gray eyes. His smile was almost a leer as he cocked a brow.

"What else, but answering your challenge. Shall we go see if there's anything I haven't yet shown you? Consider if you will, the idea of my bearing your weight instead of you bearing mine."

She caught her breath as his words awoke the image of them once more abed only this time she was mounted atop him. Until this moment she'd never considered such a thing. That she might be the one to control their pleasure left her awash in a wanton rush of need.

"TouchÃ©," she breathed against the skin of his throat. After touching her lips to the spot where his jaw met his neck, she leaned away from him and sent him her most innocent look.

"What a shame I've lost my memory and can't remember you ever bearing my weight save, of course, for when you carried me yesterday after my accident. Do I often call upon you to do that sort of thing?" she asked.

"All the time," he assured her then leaned down until his lips brushed hers as he spoke. "I'm feeling particularly capable this morn. Perhaps we should retreat immediately and attempt it? Who knows, but it might just jog your broken memories."

Lucien's kiss left Cassie breathless in longing to rush back up to her bedchamber and turn his suggestion into a reality. Rather than indulge her he retrieved his utensils and began to cut a piece of his beef.

"What are you doing?" she protested as he lifted the bite to his mouth around her.

"Eating," he replied when he'd swallowed. "I think I'll need all my strength today." He began to cut another piece.

"If you want to eat shouldn't I move back to my own chair?" Cassie demanded, not really wanting to move. "This is hardly an efficient way to consume a meal."

"On the contrary," he replied, then offered her the piece he'd just cut. "This way two can eat as efficiently as one."

Cassie fought her smile. She opened her mouth. He dropped the meat into it and began to cut himself another piece as if he truly believed what he said.

Suppressing her laugh, she reached for a slice of bread, slathered it with butter and jam, then broke off a corner and offered it to him. A smile filled his eyes as he accepted the bite.

"What did I tell you? Nothing but efficiency in this household," he announced.

So their breakfast continued, she fed him bread and jam while he offered her his beef. When they left the table, long after the tea was ice cold and the oatmeal had hardened almost to stone Cassie's stomach was full, but the rest of her insisted it was starving.

"Now, come with me," Lucien said, taking her arm and leading her to the stairwell.





Cassie started up the stairs ahead of Lucien. He let her take the time her knee needed. She paused when she reached the landing that led to their bedchamber. When had she come to think of it as theirs?

"Not here," Lucien said with a low laugh and stepped past her.

Much to her disappointment, he continued up the stairs to the trap door in the roof. He threw open the small door, revealing a square of August sky. The wind whistled down into the stairwell, tugging at Cassie's cap and making her hems flutter.

"What are we doing?" she asked.

"Going onto the roof," he replied as if that were a commonplace destination.

Lucien must have seen the doubt in her face. He smiled. "It's not as strange as it sounds. You'll see."

Climbing the last steps, he disappeared through the door. Not as sanguine about this as he, Cassie followed, one hand on her cap to keep the wind from taking it. When she could look through the opening she saw Lucien standing in what was a tiny path between the slope of the rising roof and the top of the house's forward wall, which extended above the roof to the height of his knees. Lucien offered his hand to steady her as she joined him then closed the trap door.

The wind pressed Cassie's dress and petticoat to her legs. Her cap strained at her hand. Wisps of hair escaped its confinement to snake about her face.

Turning her, Lucien pointed to a set of tiny steps leading up to a seat that jutted out from the house's stone chimney. "That's where we're going. Up with you."

With Lucien right behind her, his guiding hand on her elbow, Cassie started toward that seat. Rather than slate tiles the narrow path she followed was covered in stone rough enough to offer good footing. She glanced over the roof's edge. Her stomach danced at the drop even though the short wall protected her. She fell thankfully onto that seat. The bulk of the chimney sheltered her from the wind while the warmth of the fires burning in the house radiated from the stones behind her.

"Why is there a seat here?" she asked, astounded.

"Quite a trick, eh?" Lucien looked smug at surprising her. "Jamie tells me that during the times when the border between England and Scotland was less peaceful residents on both sides spent their days stealing from one another. If a man wanted to keep kin and kine safe he needed a man on watch. Thus the seat."

He waved her to her feet. "If I sit first we can share it."

Cassie stood, forgetting to hold her cap. The wind snatched it, sending the lacy thing swirling out of her reach. It soared, its ribbons streaming behind it like the tails on a kite. Her few pins slipped and her hair unraveled to writhe around her.

"My cap," she cried.

Lucien grabbed her as if he feared she intended to leap after it. "Let it go," he said, pulling her down to sit between his legs. "We're private here. You don't need it."

It was the sort of thing a husband might say to his wife. Still acting the part of her mate, he ran his fingers through her tumbled hair, carefully gathering it into a tail. This he draped in front of her shoulder. Once her hair was out of the way, he wrapped his arms around her then pulled her back against his chest.

"Look at that. There are days when I vow I can see all the way to England," he said.

"Can we really?" Somehow Cassie had thought England more distant. She scanned the long valley and the rise of the hills at its opposite end.

Lucien laughed, his amusement rumbling against her back. "No, it's just a fancy of mine. I like the look of the land here. There's something secretive in the way the hills jut and turn, streams and hidden valleys in their folds. It's not at all settled and predictable like the landscape around Graceton Castle. When I look out over this I'm reminded that I'm only a man in God's eye, something Lord Graceton has a tendency to forget."

Leaning back against him, Cassie turned her head away from the view he so admired to watch him instead. It was the second time he'd offered her something deeply personal about himself. He glanced at her and smiled, the expression warm and intimate, even loving.

Not wanting to disturb the tenor of the moment she once more turned her gaze out over the plain before them. Here and there she could see flashes of movement and color, people going about their daily chores. A hunting hawk soared. Clouds trundled overhead, forming and reforming in the sky above them.

The vastness of the land's lift and roll did indeed make her feel small. Her gaze caught on a hill that stood about half as tall as the ones behind Lucien's tower. It dominated the head of the valley, the river curling around its foot. Something stood against its side, square and gray. She squinted. It was a house, a large one.

"What's that?" she asked, pointing.

He looked where she indicated. "Nothing important," he said and caught her chin to turn her face away from it.

Too late. Cassie recognized Ettrick House. With that, reality began to gulp up fantasy.

Had Eliza yet reached Edinburgh? If she had, then she would have sent her message to Cassie, directing it to Philana. That would be Philana's first inkling that Cassie had separated from her family and that Eliza didn't know where she was.

Cassie's heart twisted at the thought of Philana frantic, wondering where she was and what sort of harm had come to her. How could she selfishly remain here with Lucien, indulging in sin, when Philana might be eating her heart with worry? She had to send a message.

No, it wasn't a message she needed to send to Philana, but herself. She needed to leave Lucien.

Cassie relaxed into Lucien's embrace, her eyes closed. The beat of his heart against her back pleaded with her not to go. Only here in his arms, it seemed to say, would she be safe.

And desired. And loved.

Loved?

Her eyes opened. Last night he'd asked her to love him. At the time she'd thought it nothing more than words spewed in the heat of passion. She knew from Charles that a man would promise anything in the moments before he achieved his own release.

Once more turning her head against Lucien's shoulder, she studied his profile. His features were almost as rugged as the landscape. His gray gaze was intent as he watched the distant hills, but there was something peaceful in his expression. It was a startling change from the anger of yesterday and even more startling after the bleakness she'd seen in his face at the abbey.

What if his words of last night had been the first of these unknowing revelations of his? That he might truly love her only made Cassie all the more desperate to stay.

Eliza may not yet have reached Edinburgh. Or, even if she had, she may not have yet sent a message to Philana. After all, Roland had their horses to sell. It might take him days to arrange their passage to America. Eliza wouldn't write until she was certain of the ship and sailing dates. Surely Cassie could stay for one day, for one more night.

"Lucien, tell me about our marriage," she asked, her voice shaking as she fought to hold onto their shared pretense.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Blast it all. Why hadn't he remembered that Ettrick House could be seen from this vantage point? Lucien tightened his arms around Cassie, battling to keep reality at bay the same way she must be.

He rested his chin on her shoulder. "What is there to say? We met during your season. I wooed you. You married me."

"Why did you woo me?" she asked, her voice softening.

She didn't ask that just because she wanted him to restore their fantasy. She wanted an explanation for why he'd ceased to pursue her six years ago. It was no more than she deserved and something he should have given her at the time of his retreat. Bittersweet feelings welled.

"I have to admit that your beauty first drew me." He paused to touch a kiss to her cheek then added, "You remain just as beautiful, despite your many years."

He meant it as a gentle jab, aimed at her for the role of dowager she'd tried to play at Devanney's party. The corner of her mouth lifted. She shot him a sidelong glance, her brown eyes warm and filled with affection for him.

"Kind of you to say," she murmured.

"Not kind, truthful," Lucien replied, wanting her affection as much now as he had six years ago. He moved a hand to cup her breast despite the barrier of her corset. She caught her breath and shifted into his caress. Pleasure and something else roared through him, stunning in its power and leaving him astounded by his change since yesterday.

Where was his anger at the Cassie who'd used him at the card table? To what corner had his determination to expose her fled? Mostly, he wanted to know how he could be so certain that she would offer no further betrayals.

That was the problem. He couldn't be certain. Which Cassie did he hold in his arms? Was she the manipulating card sharp, a woman who would surely use him for her own ends? Or, was she the Cassie who'd kissed him in the garden, a woman driven by her passions and the needs of her body? He wanted to believe that their repartee at the breakfast table this morning proved that something remained of the bold but upright Cassie he'd known six years ago.

"And it was for my great beauty that you married me?" she asked, aiming dry amusement at herself.

"No, it was your wit," he said, speaking the truth. It was her wit that had bound him to her side until her father's request for a loan. "You make me easy in a way that few others ever have. No one has ever made me laugh the way you do, Cassie."

She looked at him. In her gaze he saw that she accepted what he'd said as the truth, the reason for his attraction, both then and now. What he expected to see was recrimination. Despite all his professed attraction he hadn't married her. Instead, her dark eyes were soft with acceptance and understanding. She knew very well why he hadn't offered for her hand, and forgave him for it.

Would that he could forgive himself for abandoning her and their affection. Lucien sighed and again turned his gaze to the distant horizon. Like today's clear air, time's passage offered new perspective. He didn't like what he saw of the man he'd been when he first met Cassie. It wasn't anything Sir Roland had done that caused Lucien to reject marriage to her, although he still recoiled at the thought of a connection to her father. But if he'd been willing to take the time he could have devised a way to control the little wastrel.

He hadn't been willing. Or, rather his pride hadn't been willing. Six years ago he'd turned his back on her because he gave more weight to the opinions of his peers than his own heart. That disgusted Lucien, then irony pierced him to the core. Rather than wed the unworthy woman he wanted he'd arranged a match with a woman who was his supposed peer. And, instead of happiness in the union, he'd found himself saddled with a feather-brained child-woman who'd disliked him as much as he disliked her. There was something sad in knowing he hadn't liked his wife enough to care whom she bedded, only that her actions shouldn't reflect badly on him.

In the end the result had left him the butt of his peers' jests, the very fate he'd thought to avoid by rejecting Cassie. What sort of fool did that make him? Lucien closed his eyes. What sort of fool considered trading a noble tart for a card sharp whose wanton presence here was no less immoral than his wife's behavior?

Cassie stirred in his embrace, leaning her head back against his shoulder. Lucien opened his eyes to find her watching him. A small frown marred her brow as if she sensed his black thoughts.

"So, was our wedding a great event?" she asked, taking her turn in this game of theirs.

"No," he said, more than willing to spin a tale for both their benefits if it meant turning his back on a stingingly bitter reality even for just a few minutes. "It was a small, intimate affair, just our families. I didn't want to share you with anyone."

Amusement sparked in her eyes. "Really. And I didn't object, demanding something more grand and hundreds of guests?"

He laughed. "You did, but I held firm. In the end you said you loved me too much to risk losing my affection over the size of our cake."

"That sounds like me," she agreed, the wind making wisps of hair dance around her face. "I should want to cherish your affection for me above all else."

Her words made his heart shift oddly in his chest. In that instant he found himself wanting to cherish her affection for all his days. He battled that misbegotten desire with every bit of strength he owned, only now recognizing the danger in this game of theirs.

Perhaps things would have been different if he'd married her six years ago, but that time had come and gone. He was no longer the Lucien who'd courted her while she was most surely Cassie, the sharp and liar, the woman who'd used him to her advantage at Devanney's house party two days ago.

He reminded himself that her family had abandoned her on the road yesterday. Roland couldn't have known who it was following them. That meant he'd been confident in Cassie's ability to protect herself by whatever means necessary. Hadn't she proved herself adept with her ploy of her amnesia, albeit much to Lucien's pleasure?

No, the only place he could be Cassie's husband was in this fantasy of theirs. His heart, beaten but not destroyed, protested. It insisted he was wrong about Cassie, that she was still the woman he'd loved.

Loved? The word caught Lucien by surprise. If that's where his thoughts bent, then it was past time to end this game and return Cassie to Philana Forster.

But how could he let her go before he knew what it was like to bear her weight in bed?

Blast it. Blast her. Blast him. Rightly or wrongly, he wasn't ready to let her go. He wanted to spend the day holding her then another night making love to her until neither one of them could remember who they were.

He lowered his head to touch his lips to the place where her neck met her shoulder. There was pleasure in her sigh. Staring out at the landscape, she leaned her head to the side, offering him more to kiss.

Another day. Another night. That would have to be enough. Once the dawn came on the morrow he'd do what he must and put an end to their game.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Cassie tilted her head to the side as Lucien kissed her, her heart aching. She felt his battle to hold onto their pretense in the way his arms tightened around her. He wasn't yet ready to let her go any more than she was ready to leave him. But when the moment for revelation came he would let her go, doing so without hesitation just as he'd done six years ago, no matter how greatly he regretted not having offered for her then.

It was stunning how much the thought of losing Lucien a second time hurt. How was it possible she could have such depth of feeling for him when he'd only been back in her life for a few days?

"It's a sad thing when a woman must ask her husband about her particulars," Cassie said, striving to conceal what ached in her.

"Is there more you'd like to know?" he asked, eager to return to their game and ignore what stood as clearly before them as Ettrick House across the valley.

Cassie looked up into his face, her fantasy torn to shreds by reality's wind. Staying here with him was risking more than she could afford to wager. It was time to retreat to Philana's house and find some other way to avoid Lord Bucksden.

"What is it?" Lucien asked, his brows lifted. The same pain that tortured her lurked in his gaze. There was some comfort in knowing that he wasn't succeeding at distraction any better than she was.

Cassie sighed. She had to leave, but she couldn't go while he still believed she was a card sharp. She only hoped that one revelation didn't lead to another. How in the world could she ever explain what her father had done without winning his eternal disgust?

"There's nothing left for you to tell me," she said, "but there's something I must tell you."

The pain in his gaze flared. His gray eyes chilled until they were icy again. "Not yet," he started to protest.

She touched her fingertips to his lips to stop him. Even knowing he would eventually abandon her again didn't stop Cassie from loving Lucien more than she ever dreamed possible.

"Yes, now. Will you play cards with me?"





"And you don't want to buy that hand?" Lucien asked from his seat at the head of the bed, pointing to the tiny pile of cards, the third hand, that lay between them near the center of the bed. He wore only his shirt and buckskin breeches, having removed his coat and pulled off his boots. His long legs were stretched out before him, ankles crossed.

"No," Cassie replied, feeling far less comfortable than he looked. She sat sideways at the other end of the bed, her back against the footboard, one leg curled beneath her, the other over the bed's edge, her toe braced on the ground.

Lucien had insisted on holding their card game behind her bedroom's closed door. Cassie suspected this had to do with pride. He didn't want either of his servants to come upon them as she bested him at cards again and again.

"Why not?" Lucien demanded as intensely as the first time he'd asked that question, eight rounds of Speculation ago.

"Because there's no trump in it," Cassie replied with worried certainty. If the tightness of his expression was any indication, then repetition wasn't improving his disposition. He hadn't taken this demonstration well from the start.

Lucien turned over the third hand between them, revealing all three of its cards. Just as she'd said, there was no trump in it. He looked at her, confusion and disbelief darkening his brow.

"How can you know that?" he demanded again.

Miserable, all Cassie could do was shrug. "I just know," she whispered.

Frowning, he crossed his arms and leaned back against the headboard. "And what's in my hand?"

Again Cassie shrugged, wishing with all her heart she'd allowed their fantasy to persist a little longer. She wanted the Lucien who'd smiled at her this morning. This was the Lucien who'd been so angry at her that he'd followed her from Ryecroft Castle, determined to wreak vengeance.

"The only trump you've got is the exposed card," she replied, her voice shaking.

Lucien reached to the three cards next to his hip, one up, two down. Moving the upper card, he flipped over the lower two and huffed in disbelief. There was no other trump in his hand.

"What's in yours?" His eyes were steely, his voice hard.

"One trump," she said. She turned them over to show him.

"A draw," he announced, then again shook his head. "How can you do this?"

Her misery growing, Cassie stared at her overturned cards. "I don't know how to explain it to you any better than I have. I just know. There's only one thing that I can explain. My skill's sharper when I'm near you."

"I beg your pardon?" There was a trace of outrage in his voice. His brows were high on his forehead, his eyes wide in surprise.

Cassie cursed herself for an idiot. He no doubt thought she blamed him. It was too late to retract her comment.

"Something's different when I'm close to you. That's what happened the other night when we were playing with Colonel Egremont and Squire Kerr. I sat next to you and—."

She stopped then tried again, seeking some way to make sense of what had happened that night when there was nothing sensible about it. "All I could think of was you, how upset you'd been at the abbey, and what had happened. While I was busy thinking of you I wasn't paying attention to what happened at the table. I didn't notice I was winning," she said, her voice trailing into a whisper. "Even after I noticed I couldn't stop myself."

To her surprise his expression softened. His laugh was a bare breath. Some of the Lucien she loved returned.

"I've noticed that about you. You have trouble stopping once you've set yourself on a particular course. Not that I find the trait totally disagreeable," he added. The corner of his mouth lifted, the returning warmth in his eyes reminding her of this morning.

Embarrassment burned in Cassie's cheeks. Wicked and wrong as it was, she longed to once more make use of this bed the way they had already twice done. She could hardly credit herself for such a fool, for holding Lucien in her arms and against her body would change nothing. After this demonstration ended he'd return her to Philana's house and walk away from her without a backward glance.

The softness faded from his expression. "Before that night you had better control over this skill? That means you really did lose to me on purpose on the first night."

Cassie wanted to melt through the mattress and hide beneath the bed. "I did. I had no choice. You were so certain your abilities at the table outmatched mine that I had to lose. If I'd forced you to give up that kiss you would have challenged my abilities just as you did the second time we played. I needed your five pounds and I couldn't afford a rematch," she told him. "You were going to demand it. I could see it in the way your eyes creased and the tightness of your jaw."

His expression hardened again. "So all you originally wanted from me was access to my purse?"

Shamed that he would equate her with some London whore, Cassie buried her face in her hands. This was awful and so much more complicated than she expected. The mattress shifted as he left his end of the bed to join her. She jerked in surprise when he stroked a hand down her back.

"I beg your pardon," Lucien said, withdrawing his caress. "That was uncalled for on my part. Only by lying to myself can I pretend you didn't want to give me my kiss as much as I wanted to take it from you."

Cassie dared to look up at him. Harshness lingered in his expression, but some of the man who'd asked her to love him last night peered at her from behind his angry mask.

She sighed. "Know that it cost me dearly to take those coins from you. Because of what I did in the corridor outside our rooms, because of that kiss in the garden, I lost your respect."

Confusion flashed in his gaze. He reached up to push a loose tress behind her ear. "If keeping my respect was so important to you, then why did you do any of it?"

Ah but he didn't contradict her to say she still owned his respect. How could he after what they'd done here these last hours? She fought her hurt. He'd asked for an explanation. After all that had happened he deserved one, but this wasn't going to be nearly as easy as explaining her skill to him.

She started at beginning. "It's a long story. Aunt Philana arranged for me and my family to attend Lord Ryecroft's house party because there would be gambling. Philana wanted to give me a chance to use my skill for profit at the tables, something I'd never before done," she added.

Lucien's eyes chilled. The harshness returned to his face. Cassie's heart quirked. She plowed hastily on, trying to explain if not excuse herself.

"Philana warned me that I could only use my skill if I agreed to take less than the nightly limit. Not that I would have done any differently. I wouldn't have considered attempting it at all if not for my father." Sighing, she stopped, having reached the point where her confession became horribly sordid.

"Did Lady Forster tell my cousin about you and your skill?" Lucien demanded.

His question surprised Cassie. "I don't know. I can imagine Philana admitting as much, not wanting to misuse Lord Ryecroft's hospitality."

Lucien's eyes narrowed, but the corners of his mouth quivered. "Of course she told him. Why else would he point you out to me on the night of the ball? That bleater. He wanted me at the card table with you, hoping you'd do to me just what you did. Oh, he'll pay dearly for this one. I don't know when or how I'll manage it, but he'll pay."

It was Cassie's turn for confusion. Lucien gave a quirk of his brows. There was new easiness in his expression and posture.

"My cousin and I have a history of pranks," he explained. "I'm wagering that you and this skill of yours are Devanney's latest trick against me. So if you came to my cousin's house party expecting to win a small fortune, why didn't Lady Forster give you something to use as a stake? Why arrange a game between us for that kiss?"

"She didn't give me anything because I arrived at Ryecroft Castle with coins of my own," Cassie said, then let words fall from her lips before she again lost the courage to speak them. "It was my purse you took from my father on the party's first night."

When the words were out Cassie again wanted to melt through the mattress and curl up beneath the bed. It was hard to believe there was anything left that could stir her shame, not after all she'd done these past weeks. Telling Lucien that her father was not just a wastrel, but a thief proved there was.

If admitting this much was so awful, what would it feel like to tell Lucien that her father had used Eliza as the ante in a game with Bucksden? Cassie's soul writhed at the thought.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Pity for Cassie surged through Lucien. He watched her blush fade and misery again darken her eyes. She sighed then once more turned her gaze toward the counterpane, her hair falling forward to hide her face from his view.

Lucien resisted his urge to take her into his arms. It had cost her dearly to tell him what her father had done. One touch, one misguided word of sympathy, the offer of so much as a farthing to aid her, and he'd destroy what little dignity she had left.

Nor did he need any more explanation to understand why Cassie needed to gamble at Devanney's party. It was enough to know her sire was Roland Conningsby, a man who had stolen more from his daughter than just her purse. Hadn't Roland squandered both his daughters' inheritance?

With that thought Lucien's sympathy expanded to include Cassie's sister. It wasn't right that society would never judge them for their own worth. Rather their every action would be interpreted against their father's behavior. What one of them needed was a husband beyond reproach, a man whose name would become their shield. What Cassie hadn't needed was Devanney turning her into one of his pranks.

His sympathy aside, Cassie's explanation left Lucien with more questions than it answered. Premier among them was who this woman seated beside him might be. Lucien was no longer certain she was Cassie the Sharp, and he now wondered how well he'd known the Cassie of six years ago.

And why, if her plan had been to win a little each night thereby accumulating a tidy sum over the duration of the party, had she taken him for three hundred and sixty pounds all in one sitting? She had to have known that running after making such a show of her skill would end her chance of ever again using her abilities to aid her family.

"So, it was your purse Sir Roland brought to the table," he said in preamble to his next spate of questions.

Cassie nodded without looking up.

"This thing you do with cards, you've always been able to do it?" he asked, still struggling to make sense of her odd ability.

Again she nodded without looking up, her face yet cloaked by her hair. Suspicion nagged at Lucien. He caught her chin and turned her face up toward his, wondering if she was hiding something from him.

Tears of shame glistened in her eyes. Suspicion died. He couldn't bear her pain. Lucien drew her against his side, his arm around her. She sat tensely next to him as if she'd rather he not hold her.

"But, how do you do it? Help me understand," he asked again, only to watch helplessness fill Cassie's gaze. She wasn't being evasive. She truly didn't know how to answer his question.

He reframed it. "Do you stare at the backs of the cards and know what they are?"

She gave a tiny negative shake of her head. "Usually I only sense the strength or weakness of a hand." Her voice was soft. "Sometimes, as when I played with Squire Kerr and his companions after you left me in the garden, the other players are so intent on their hands that they almost tell me what they hold. I see it in the set of their jaws and shoulders, in the way they arrange their hands or lift their eyebrows. Or, in their odd gestures."

She took his hand and touched the golden signet ring he wore on his third finger. "When you think your hand isn't strong enough you twist your ring."

"I don't," Lucien retorted, piqued that she would think him so careless a gambler. He knew better than to make obvious nervous gestures at the card table. "It won't even go all the way around my finger."

To prove his point he closed his hand and tried to turn the ring. The raised face hit his smallest finger. For it to go any farther he'd have to open his fingers.

She offered a tiny smile. "But it does shift. You move it back and forth with your thumb."

Frowning, Lucien drew his thumb across the back of his ring, only to find a spot worn smooth on the band. As he touched the ring there it twisted, striking his little finger. Without thought he shifted it back in place, doing it by moving his smallest finger. The motion had a familiar feel, one of long habit, like an unconscious gesture often made.

Comprehension drove the breath from Lucien. Cassie wasn't doing anything eerie or untoward, at least not in assessing the players at a table. Reading an opponent was a skill every card player worth his salt ought to own. The only difference with Cassie was that she seemed to be doing it better than anyone Lucien had ever met.

"How did you know there was trump in those hands?" he demanded.

She grimaced a little, one shoulder rising as she again struggled to explain herself to him.

"Tell me step by step," Lucien suggested. "Don't assess, just talk."

Cassie nodded then frowned in concentration. "Well, with this last hand we were nearly through the deck and all but three spades had been played. So when spades came up trump for that last hand I knew there could only be two more. Once I know what cards I need to find my mind begins to suggest where things might be. Sometimes, as when we gamed with the squire and the colonel, all I actually sense is when to play with abandon and when I shouldn't wager."

Relief and amusement welled in Lucien, the pair of emotions tangling and growing until he had to laugh. He pulled Cassie closer to him. She pressed her hands against his chest, trying to keep her distance.

"Why are you laughing?" she demanded, straining to free herself.

He let her go. She immediately slipped off the bed to stand at its side. Still chuckling, Lucien followed her, sitting on the bed's edge and looking up at her.

"I'm laughing because I find myself well and truly humbled. You're no sharp," he told her. "Devanney and Percy were right. All you did the other night was outplay me. You have my deepest apology."

Astonishment and relief flashed in Cassie's eyes. Some of the tension drained from her. "Thank you," she replied, "but I still hope I never again face a match like that one with you, Colonel Egremont and Squire Kerr. I really couldn't stop winning, no matter how hard I tried."

Something warm awoke deep in Lucien. He came to his feet. She took a backward step, again maintaining a decent distance between them. That only made Lucien smile.

"So my nearness drives you to distraction, does it?" he asked.

Heat flared in Cassie's cheeks, not shame this time, but a reminder of the effect she said he had on her. She took another backward step. "I think I've fed your conceit enough for one day."

Her insistence on keeping him at arm's length spurred the rest of Lucien's questions. "If you aren't a sharp, then why did you flee Ryecroft after our match? Running only convinced me you'd done something you didn't wish to explain. You should have stayed on at the party, playing every night, keeping your winnings modest. Not even Duchess Eleanor could have done you any harm with so many witnesses all observing you and finding nothing amiss. Your combined winnings would have given you a tidy sum."

Cassie smiled nervously. She clasped her hands before her. "I couldn't bear the thought of you glowering at me every night. What if I lost everything because of your glares?"

Everything about her screamed of falsehoods. That only brought Lucien back to the lie that had resulted in them sharing this bedchamber. "Why, when I found you, did you tell me you didn't know who you were?"

She wrung her hands. Her brow pinched. Reluctance filled the lines of her body. He knew the moment she decided she had to give him the truth. Her brown eyes began to glisten.

"Because I'm a coward. I knew how angry you were with me and that you'd demand I explain my skill. I didn't think you'd believe the truth. It seemed easier not to be who I was, and not to remember what had happened between us."

Lucien nodded, accepting her excuse. If not for the past night and their game of marriage he wouldn't have believed she was anything but Cassie the Sharp.

"I still don't understand why you ran from Devanney after he'd offered you his protection. You did realize that's what he'd done when he declared he saw no cheating at our table?" Devanney had no choice but to shield Cassie, especially if he'd put her in the position of being accused of wrongdoing in the first place.

"Nor can I comprehend why your family abandoned you," Lucien continued. That wasn't exactly true. He could understand her father leaving her, but not her sister. He wouldn't soon forget the look of affection they'd shared when Cassie sent Elizabeth from Devanney's drawing room.

Cassie gave a quiet cry and turned her back on him. Surprised at her reaction, Lucien joined her. She looked up at him, mortification filling her face.

"I cannot bear to tell you. It's so horrible," she whispered.

Lucien gave a breath of a laugh. As if anything could be worse than his own story. He waited, curiosity prodding him. She said nothing.

Remembering the comfort of her presence at the abbey, he slipped a friendly arm around her and hoped she'd take the same reassurance from his presence that he'd found in hers.

At last, Cassie drew a shattered breath. "Just before we were to leave London to come north to your cousin's party Lord Bucksden tapped on our door. He'd come to claim my sister. My father had wagered Eliza in a card game the previous night and lost her. Before Lord Bucksden could take Eliza I hit the earl with our urn and knocked him senseless," she finished in a rush.

Rage exploded in Lucien at the mention of that dastard's name, his anger no less powerful or devastating than when Percy mentioned Bucksden at the abbey. Instantly, he turned away, not wanting Cassie to see him lose control. Moving to the window, he stared unseeing over the stark landscape as he battled his emotions.

Cassie and her sister had been right to run. That Bucksden risked a duel by coming within Lucien's reach said he wouldn't stop until he'd wreaked vengeance on the woman who'd humiliated him. Outrage grew, expanding to include Roland Conningsby.

What sort of son of a bitch gambled away a woman under his protection? What sort of father left his daughter on the road when the man who wanted to do her harm might have been chasing them? The thought of what might have happened if the earl had been the man following drove Lucien's emotions beyond any constraint.

His fists clenched. His heart contracted in fear for Cassie. He wanted to pound his fists against the wall and scream to high heaven that Bucksden had to die. By God, and when he was done he'd kill Conningsby, too.

But, why wait for Bucksden to make an attempt at hurting Cassie? Lucien already had just cause to challenge the man, and the earl was at hand. All he needed was a second, someone to stand with him at the appointed spot for their duel, and that he had in Devanney.

Lucien turned toward the door, ready to ride hell-bent for Ryecroft Castle and his cousin, only to freeze as his imagination provided the many ways Bucksden could inflict pain on an unprotected Cassie. Blast, but this house was too isolated. He couldn't leave Cassie here with only Jamie and Maggie to stand between her and Bucksden's wrath.

If she couldn't stay here, then he had to take her with him to Devanney. Lucien once more looked out the window, this time seeing the vast expanse of land before him. Impossible! He only had two horses, his and Jamie's. The thought of the two of them meeting Bucksden in the open between here and Ryecroft Castle was problematic. Bucksden wouldn't be traveling alone; he never did.

What, then? Lucien closed his eyes, trying to think, only to be suffused with fear for Cassie all over again. Blast it all. He wouldn't have the control he craved until he knew Cassie was safe. But, he couldn't make Cassie safe without calling someone here to protect her.

And if he did that he destroyed her by exposing to an unforgiving world what they'd done here.





Cassie flinched as Lucien turned his back to her. All the joy of this morning dissolved into painful irony. He was disgusted by her story. Who wouldn't be? Once again, Roland's debauched behavior had driven Lucien from her. A fantasy marriage was the only union she'd ever have with him.

She couldn't say Lucien's reaction surprised her, not after all the wrongs she'd done him, seducing him into gambling with her, taking his money, pretending amnesia and now telling him just how low her father had fallen. That didn't stop a part of her from pining for the Lucien of this morning. She blinked back tears. She hadn't begged him for explanations the last time he'd rejected her and she wouldn't do it now. Nor would she cry over losing him, at least not in front of him.

Bereft, she let the rest of her explanation fell from her lips. "Eliza overheard Mr. Percy say he'd seen Lord Bucksden staying nearby. That's why I accepted your challenge to play. I needed enough to buy three passages to America. Then the carriage fell and I hurt my knee and couldn't mount the horse. So I sent Eliza on to Edinburgh ahead of me, knowing that of the two of us Lord Bucksden can do her the greater harm. Then, there you were. I used you, Lucien. I could think of no place safer to hide from Lord Bucksden than with you."

Lucien didn't shift from his tense stance at the window. His hands remained clenched at his side. His shoulders were taut. He said nothing.

Cassie's grief grew. It was done. Their marriage was revealed for the pretense it was, the affection he'd shown her today proved to be nothing but a sham.

The sounds of women's voices lifted in argument echoed up from the kitchen. Cassie's heart filled her throat. She turned toward the closed bedroom door. Footsteps rang in the stairwell.

"Hie, ye'll come back down here," Maggie shouted. "Ye've no right t'intrude."

"I have every right. Lord Graceton has kidnapped my niece," Philana shouted back.

Cassie gasped. Throwing open the bedchamber door, she hobbled to the landing then started down the steps just as her aunt came around the last turn of the spiral stair. Philana wore sensible green cotton beneath a summer pelisse made of linen. The plumes on her bonnet fair quivered in outrage as indignation blazed in her blue eyes. Her eyes narrowed and one brow rose as she took in Cassie's loosened hair.

"It's not what you think, Philana," Cassie cried, reaching behind her to frantically roll her hair into a knot, one that couldn't hold. Her pins remained on the roof where they'd fallen when the wind had taken her cap.

"It no longer matters what I think, does it?" Philana retorted, her voice harsh. Her gaze slipped over Cassie's shoulder. "I expected better of you, Lord Graceton."

Cassie whirled to find Lucien on the landing. His expression was as frigid as his gaze. Then she saw him the way Philana must, dressed in his shirt sleeves and stockinged feet. He looked like a man who'd done, well what they'd done.

Why hadn't he stayed in the bedroom? Cassie could have pretended to Philana that he wasn't in the house. Then again, why should Lucien hide? It wouldn't be the end of his world when the tale of their interlude spread.

He stared at Philana for a moment. Some of the ice thawed from his face. Cassie swore she saw relief flicker across his eyes.

His reaction was like a knife to the chest. He was glad Philana had found them. He was ready to be free of her.

"You're the one who sent me after her, Lady Forster," he replied, his deep voice lacking all inflection. "After that you cannot pretend surprise to find us together now. You obviously knew she was here. Or is it by magic you happen to come here to claim her?"

Not even the threat facing Eliza had stopped her aunt from trying one last time to bring Cassie and Lucien together. Only this time Philana had suceded, no doubt beyond all her expectations.

"It's the future not the past at issue now," Philana retorted, then shook a chiding finger at him. "How dare you make a captive of my injured niece. You will call at Ettrick House in two hours time to make this right." Subtle triumph filled her voice as she threatened Lucien with forced marriage.

Any hope of a union with Lucien shattered like that urn, its pieces scattering across the courtyard floor. Cassie wanted to melt into a puddle on the stone floor. Philana and her misguided matchmaking! Never again would Lucien be the tender man with whom she'd shared that bench on the roof.

Having delivered her ultimatum, Philana turned her attention onto Cassie. "You'll come with me this instant," she commanded, then started down the steps.

Cassie did as she was told, leaving Lucien without a backward glance. There was no need. The Lucien she'd known wasn't the nobleman who stood behind her.

Maggie waited in the kitchen, her expression black as she glared knives at Philana. After Maggie handed Cassie her bonnet and pelisse, cleaned of yesterday's mud, Cassie followed Philana out of the house. Again, the wind caught her, molding her garments to her body and toying with her still-loosened hair. Waiting in the courtyard was a fine carriage drawn by four horses. Its canvas top had been lowered so its passengers might enjoy the warmth of this fine August day. A pair of footmen waited at its back, while a coachman held the horses. Jamie stood at the carriage's door, ready to help them into the vehicle.

As Philana accepted Jamie's aid in mounting into the carriage, Cassie threw her pelisse over one shoulder and donned her bonnet, stuffing her hair into it. The kitchen door rattled as it opened.

Cassie told herself not to do it but like Lot's wife, the urge was beyond resisting. She looked behind her. Her breath caught. Lucien stood in the opening, shrugging into his coat, his boots once more on his feet. He wore no hat; the wind shifted the honeyed strands of his hair around his face.

Despite all the wrong they'd done between them and his new coldness, Cassie's body reacted to his presence. Her admiration for him was deeper now that she was so well acquainted with the pleasure they could make between them. The longing to once again feel his arms around her tangled with the shame of the wrong they'd done, what Philana had done, what Roland had done.

Watching her in return, Lucien stepped out of the door. Although there was no change in his flat frozen expression, something in his posture spoke to her. Cassie ignored it. Not for an instant could she believe he loved her the same way she still loved him, idiot that she was.

Lucien's gaze shifted from her to the carriage. He gave an approving nod then turned. Without so much as a promising gesture in her direction, he started for the tiny paddock behind the house where his and Jamie's horses grazed.

Cassie turned her back on Lucien, telling herself she was more than ready to be done with him, his anger, his fantasies and this strange little tower house of his.

Jamie helped her into the carriage. Cassie joined Philana on the forward facing seat, her pelisse across her lap. Nearness to her meddling aunt woke anger strong enough to drive off her pain. Cassie indulged herself in the emotion, content for the moment to blame Philana for all that had happened.

"There's no call to look s'glum, Mrs. Marston. Some of us here will dearly miss ye," Jamie told Cassie as he closed the carriage door.

"Jamie, where's my saddle?" Lucien shouted from the paddock.

"Coming, m'lord," Jamie shouted, offering Cassie a quick grin before sprinting to help his employer.

The coachman climbed onto his perch and gave the reins a sharp snap. The horses leapt into motion. The carriage jerked into motion.

Cassie slid on the seat. Her pelisse tumbled onto the carriage floor. She left it there. Instead, with every nerve on edge she waited for her aunt's first disparaging word, the one that would allow her to open fire in return, venting all her well-deserved indignation onto Philana for what her aunt had helped to orchestrate.

However, Philana refused to cooperate. She kept her head turned away from Cassie, watching the passing landscape and acting as if nothing were amiss. There wasn't much to see. The treeless hills rolled, the grasses bent in the wind. A little red-headed linnet started up from a low-lying bush, its battle with the breeze making it seem to stand still in mid-air for an instant. Higher overhead, two corbies made better progress, cawing to each other in amiable conversation as they flew.

The carriage bumped along over rut, hole and mound. The faint track leading away from the tower house was boggy, the bright green sod peeled back by wheel and hoof to reveal the rich, black velvet of the underlying earth. Hunched on his perch, the coachman had his hat pulled down around his ears to prevent the wind from taking it. His coattails, hanging over the back of his seat, fluttered. The horses' manes and tails flew like pennants. Cassie's bonnet ribbons streamed.

Still, Philana persisted in her silence. Cassie could bear it no longer. "How could you send Lord Graceton chasing after us? How could you continue trying to force this match after I'd asked you not to?" she demanded.

"How could I not send him after you? You and your sister were in dire need of a protector. I'll not apologize for what I did. Wasn't he there to take care of you after you were injured?" Philana calmly replied, still staring straight ahead.

All Cassie could see of her aunt's profile was a slice from the tip of her nose to her chin. The rest of her face was hidden by her bonnet's wide brim. That was enough to show Cassie the corner of Philana's mouth as it lifted in half of a tiny, triumphant smile.

Cassie made a sound that mingled disbelief and frustration. "I could have done with a little less caretaking."

Philana turned her head to look at Cassie. That triumph of hers filled both corners of her mouth and radiated from her blue eyes. "Is that so? Would you care to tell me the sort of excess you experienced?"

"I don't care to tell you anything." Cassie crossed her arms and turned her head so her own bonnet's brim blocked Philana's view of her face.

"A shame, that. I'd love to hear the details," her aunt replied, not at all perturbed by Cassie's retort.

"Not bloody likely," Cassie whispered to herself. The profanity should have relieved her outrage. It didn't work. "It wasn't my protection you wanted when you sent him after me," she charged, despising herself when her voice quivered. "You hoped that Lucien would—," she caught herself before she confessed more than she wanted Philana to know.

"Lucien, is he?" her aunt murmured, that triumph now filling her voice as well as her smile and eyes. "And what, pray tell, might I have hoped would happen while you were in his custody?"

Cassie marshaled her defenses. "More than he did, which was to rescue me from a fallen coach and treat my injuries."

Philana laughed. "Oh come now. I'm not so simple as that. Consider this, Cassie. A confession on your part will go far to encourage Lord Graceton in the direction he must go."

"I won't marry him, Philana," Cassie said in blunt and painful refusal. The union Philana proposed wasn't a marriage, but a prison. Cassie would rather die in shame than face a cold, resentful Lucien for all the days of her life.

Philana turned her head so she could again look at Cassie. Concern folded her brow and dimmed that awful confidence of hers. "Of course, you'll marry him. You must. You spent the night with him. There's no choice left to either of you."

"There is a choice," Cassie said. "I can live out the rest of my life as a tart."

Shock flattened Philana's expression. "Don't even jest about that Cassie!"

"If that's my only escape from marriage to Lord Graceton, so be it," Cassie snapped back. The words came out more harshly than she intended even in her outrage. She added more gently, "I won't marry him because he doesn't want to marry me, Philana."

"Doesn't want you?" her aunt retorted in disbelief. "Why, the man fair eats you with his eyes every time he looks at you."

Cassie rubbed at her head as it began to ache. "That's a different sort of wanting, Philana, and you know it."

"You can lie to yourself all you want, child. I know better," her aunt persisted. "You'll see. He'll be at our doorstep this afternoon, ready to offer his proposal."

With Philana's words Cassie's indignation collapsed, its fiery warmth abandoning her the same way that Lucien had now twice done. She turned her attention into her lap and her clasped hands. Her fingers were bare. Maggie had forgotten to give her her gloves.

"He won't, Philana," Cassie said, appalled. Her voice no longer merely quivered, it was into a full tremble. She wouldn't cry over him, she just wouldn't. She swallowed the lump in her throat. "He didn't offer for me six years ago, and he won't offer for me now."

Philana caught her by the arm, pulling her around on the seat until they faced each other. Her blue eyes sharp, the old woman studied Cassie. The folds on her brow deepened as her confidence began to lag.

"You're serious, Cassie. You really don't believe he'll offer marriage. How can you be so certain about what he plans now or what he planned in the past? Cards, you know. I'm not convinced that you read men's hearts nearly as well."

Cassie closed her eyes, returning in her memory to the tower house's roof. In her imagination she again felt Lucien's arms around her and heard his gentle voice as he told her the tale of their marriage, how her beauty had attracted him, how she had accepted his proposal and gave way to his desire for a simple marriage ceremony. He'd spun the scenario out of his heart and the well of his regrets. He'd wanted to marry her six years ago; she knew that as surely as she knew she loved him. That was, Lucien had wanted their marriage until common sense and Roland intervened.

"I can be certain because he told me," Cassie replied, opening her eyes and clutching the front of her gown as if her grip would prevent her heart from hurting any more than it already did.

Philana shook her head, looking worried indeed. "You're wrong. You have to be."

"Why, because you will it to be otherwise?" Cassie returned. "Well, not even your will is enough to usurp the wrong my father did me, both six years ago and last week. According to Charles, it was my father who drove Lord Graceton from my side. He tried to profit off Lord Graceton's affection for me by asking for a loan. Charles was present at the club that night and overheard their conversation."

Charles, who had been the least of Cassie's suitors at the time, had related the story to her with no little triumph. It was a small cruelty, but one she'd later forgiven him. Charles had been desperately in love with her and thrilled at the opportunity to dispense with a serious rival for his beloved's affection.

"Think about it, Philana. If Lord Graceton turned his back on me because he didn't care to deal with my father six years ago, how much less willing must he be to deal with Papa now? Just before you arrived I was telling Lord Graceton about Eliza and Lord Bucksden."

The pain of losing Lucien a second time again sliced through Cassie. "You saw him, Philana. Did the man who met you on the landing look at all pleased about being trapped into marriage by your ploy?"

The furrow in Philana's brow grew deeper. There was nothing left of her confidence or her triumph. "Could I really be so wrong?" she murmured then horror flashed in her eyes. "Oh Lord, what have I done to you?"

Her aunt's reaction only brought the reality of Cassie's complete ruination home to her, and how she'd brought it all onto herself. "Nothing, Philana," she gasped, "you did nothing. If there's blame for anything that's happened it lies solely at my own feet. Nor should you worry over me. I won't be here long enough to suffer for what I've done. If Eliza hasn't already sent you a message from Edinburgh, she will be soon. She was to inform me of sailing dates for my trip to America."

"Oh," Philana said, the tiny word fraught with consternation.

Terror for her sister shot through Cassie. "Philana, what is it? Has something happened to Eliza?"

Philana waved away Cassie's panic. "Nothing at all. She's safe, just not in Edinburgh."

"Not in Edinburgh? Then where?" Cassie demanded, forgetting everything else in her worry over her sister.

Philana fiddled with her gloves, resettling them onto her hands. "At home."

"She's what!" Cassie cried. "Is she mad? She cannot be there. Lord Bucksden must have learned by now that we were visiting you."

The tears Cassie had refused to shed on Lucien's behalf now filled her eyes. This couldn't be happening, not to her and not to Eliza. How could her sister have squandered what little edge time and misinformation had given them over the earl? God help them both, but they were once again within Lord Bucksden's reach.

Philana put a soothing hand on Cassie's arm. "Cassie, darling, don't fret. She's safe, surrounded by my entire household. The earl is an awful, immoral man, but he's hardly likely to burn down my house to reach her. Nor should you be upset with Eliza. It was love for you that brought her back to me. She told me yesterday that she and your father continued on until her conscience could bear it no longer, then returned for you only to find nothing left of you but your hair pins. They didn't know that it was Lord Graceton who'd taken you, so they rushed to Ettrick House, pleading that we search the neighborhood for you.

"That's when Rob, here," she pointed to one of the footman riding behind her, "returned from his visit to Mrs. Laidlaw, Lord Graceton's housekeeper. That's how I knew where you were and that you were safe with Lord Graceton."

Cassie buried her face in her hands. Only she hadn't been safe with Lucien.

"Oh, Philana," she cried. "If only I'd killed the earl and stayed in London to face justice. A public trial and death by hanging would have been so much easier to endure."





With the crunch of gravel Philana's carriage came to a halt before the sweeping steps that led to her home's front door. Maggie's nephew hopped down from his perch to aid them. As Cassie exited the carriage her hair slid from the confinement in her bonnet, again spilling around her. She tore off her useless hat, lifted her skirts and started up the steps, battling her need to scold Eliza for returning and wracking her brain for a new way to make her sister safe.

The front door opened before she reached it. Philana's butler, Robson, small, balding and dressed in black, stepped out onto the porch. Nervous furrows lined his naked brow. He offered Cassie a little bow. They knew each other well enough from Cassie's visits over the years.

Behind Robson were two burly men. They stopped just in front of the doorway, inadvertently blocking Cassie's access to the house. One was a footman, wearing his glossy satin attire and powdered wig. The other looked to be a man better acquainted with the out-of-doors, a gardener or a parker. His shirt was undyed linen, his brown jacket was patched, his knee breeches, made of leather while his boots were meant for tromping through mud. An untidy nest of hair escaped his well-worn hat.

Robson nervously clasped his hands before him. "Lady Forster, it happened just as you said it might," he called down to Philana as she mounted the stairs behind Cassie. "He came shortly after you departed as if he'd been waiting for you to leave."

That froze Cassie's feet to the porch floor. She knew without doubt who he was. Lord Bucksden had found them.

Robson's expression was one of guarded worry. "I did as you instructed my lady, informing him that I believed you'd gone to Ryecroft Castle to participate in the house party and didn't expect you until this evening. He was none too pleased to hear that and even less pleased when I refused to let him wait for your return. Alex, here," the lift of Robson hand indicating the roughhewn outdoors man, "says that he's retreated for the moment to the inn in the village," he said, meaning the tiny community of Ettrick that lay on the river's edge. "The earl and the two ruffians who ride with him are presently taking a meal there. My lady, he may well have set a lad or someone to watching the track. That means he'll soon know that you are returned."

Robson paused, shaking his head in concern. "You've misjudged him, my lady. He won't be put off by any means. I think it will take force to prevent him from entering when he returns. That worries me, my lady. How can we hold off an earl?" His voice cracked with the question.

The thought of having to physically battle Bucksden in order to save Eliza sent panic shooting through Cassie. She forgot about scolding. What she needed was to hold her sister in her arms.

Her heart pounding, Cassie pushed past the men, thrusting into Ettrick House's entry hall. A long and narrow chamber, occupying the middle third of the square house's length, its white marble floor tiles were inset with tiny black squares. Fluted half columns lined its walls, giving the impression of an ancient temple.

"Eliza?" she cried as the others followed her inside the house.

"Cassie!" her sister called back and thrust her head out of the doorway to Philana's drawing room at the right end of the entryway.

Eliza's face was blotchy and her eyes reddened. Affection tugged at Cassie's heart. Eliza wore her blue sprigged dress, the garment surprisingly unwrinkled considering how Eliza had stuffed it into her satchel. Despite the tribulations in Eliza's life at the moment she was still girl enough not to neglect a single item of her attire. She'd even taken the time to tie a wide blue ribbon around her head to hold back her hair.

Roland leaned out behind his daughter. He looked wretched, the skin on his face sallow and sagging. Deep, dark circles marked his blue eyes. His hair looked uncombed and he wore no coat over his maroon waistcoat and shirt. The only coat he'd taken with him from the coach was the jacket of his driving attire. That wasn't an appropriate garment for a gentleman to wear in Philana's house.

When Eliza saw Cassie she forgot decorum and raced into the entry hall. Cassie dropped her bonnet and held out her arms. Eliza embraced her, half laughing, half sobbing.

"God be praised," she breathed into Cassie's shoulder. "You're safe. I've been dying by increments, imagining you friendless and injured, or worse."

"We'll want tea and sherry in the drawing room, Robson," Philana requested. "Alex, go to the storeroom over the stable. I believe that's where we stored Squire Forster's hunting weapons after his passing."

"No," Cassie whispered in horror, clasping Eliza even closer to her.

Where a moment ago Robson had worried over hurting an earl he now grinned. "You heard her, Alex," he said, herding both men with him in the direction of the service chambers. "We're to arm ourselves."

Cassie caught Philana by the arm. "You cannot shoot at Lord Bucksden. Dear God, but what if he's killed? Your servants will hang for it."

Philana snorted. "You speak as if any of those old weapons will fire. Even if they could they're useless without gunpowder and shot, and we keep none of that in this house, although I dare say I could put my hands on some if I were to ask any of my tenants." She paused as if considering, then shook her head. "No, we don't need it, not if my only purpose is to give Lord Bucksden pause. This is my house. If I refuse to admit him then he will not come in."

Eliza straightened in Cassie's embrace, her arm tightening around her sister. "I hope you don't depend on any pretense of manners to stop Lord Bucksden," she said, her voice quavering.

Philana blinked in surprise. "I beg your pardon?"

"What Eliza means is that you cannot depend on Lord Bucksden to act like a gentleman," Cassie replied, her voice sounding thready to her own ears. "When we didn't answer the door in London he opened it himself and walked in as if it was his residence, not ours."

Philana whirled, strode to her door and shot the bolt. Iron rang against iron as the bar hit the plate. "Go," she commanded both Cassie and Eliza, "into the drawing room with both of you. I'll see that the rest of the doors are bolted."

Cassie and Eliza made their way to the drawing room, Eliza clinging to her older sister like a limpet. Roland backed out of the doorway as they entered, taking stance next to one of the small, inlaid chests. Cassie breathed in the warmth and security that had always permeated Philana's private space, loving the cozy chamber, having spent many a happy hour in its embrace.

Nothing had changed in here for all the years Cassie had known Philana, except for the increasing number of Philana's mementos—seashells, the odd dried nosegay, bits of ancient statuary and glass collected from her trips to Italy—that lined the tops of the door and window frames. The wall covering was still creamy linen printed with a faint red design. The same portraits and miniatures, Philana's many august ancestors and some of Squire Forster's not-so-renowned progenitors, decorated the walls and sat upon the chests. Mrs. C, Philana's cat, sat on the cushioned bay window seat. She meowed in recognition, calling to Cassie as she always did when Cassie was in residence.

With her arm still around Eliza, Cassie started for the window and the cat. Her sister gave a quiet gasp and pulled free of Cassie's arm. "Not there," she whispered, sounding frantic.

"Eliza, you cannot truly be afraid of being seen, not from here," Cassie protested. "First of all, Lord Bucksden already knows you're in the house. Why else would he demand entry while Philana was gone, except to separate you from your protector? Secondly, we're a storey above the ground. We'll see him long before he sees us."

As far as Cassie was concerned it was far better to know when Lord Bucksden arrived than to sit in nervous ignorance, awaiting a tap on the door. The color and life drained from Eliza's face. She backed away from Cassie, wringing her hands.

"I don't want to see him. Cassie, you didn't hear him. When Robson refused to let him wait he cursed and threatened Philana's destruction and poor Robson's life." Tears began to again trail down Eliza's cheeks. "What am I to do, Cassie? Tell me what's right."

Horror ate up all the pleasure Cassie had taken in returning to this chamber. Eliza wanted permission to give herself to Bucksden! Fear for her sister drove the chastising words Cassie had forestalled from her mouth.

"Why didn't you continue on to Edinburgh? If you had, you wouldn't be here contemplating how best to answer that question."

"I had to come back. I couldn't bear to go on without you," Eliza protested, then swiped at her eyes with the back of her hand. "Excuse me. I need a fresh handkerchief," she whispered, and hurried from the room.

Cassie wanted to kick herself. As if Eliza didn't have enough worries at the moment, here she was making it worse.

"For shame, Cassie," Roland chided, his voice stern as he stepped out of his quiet corner to confront his eldest daughter.

Anger tore through Cassie. "How dare you speak so to me," she said, letting her outrage act as a barrier to fear. "You abdicated any right to act as my father the moment you joined Lord Bucksden at that gaming table."

"I dare because Eliza doesn't deserve your harshness," he replied, sounding nothing at all like the Roland Cassie had known all her life. "If you must blame someone for what happens here today, blame me. I brought Eliza back here. She was so distraught at the thought of you alone and unprotected on the road that I feared she'd fall ill from worry."

"Are you mad?" Cassie cried. "Far better that Eliza ailed in some distant and protected inn than to have you return here into Bucksden's very arms."

The little color remaining in her father's face disappeared. He looked ancient, but not frail. He didn't cringe. Nor did he fidget, not with his waistcoat buttons, not with his watch chain, not even tapping his foot.

"I've already accepted your disgust as my due, but save your tirade for another day," Roland retorted. "Our only concern can be your safety, and Eliza's.

Cassie chaffed at being in the unusual position of enduring her father's rightful scorn. "Until this morning the safest place for Eliza was on a ship bound for America. Why did you give way to her? Eliza's still a child. You are her father. You should have taken her to Edinburgh."

"You're so certain of that?" It wasn't a question as much as another chide. Roland shook his head. "If you are, then it's proof that you haven't been thinking clearly of late. I saw the reality of it once Eliza and I were alone on the track. What would have happened to us if we'd come upon Lord Bucksden?"

"But he didn't know where we were yesterday," Cassie cried.

Roland crossed the room to catch his eldest daughter by the arms. "You're still not thinking, Cassie. Listen. Not even if we go all the way to America will fleeing Lord Bucksden resolve the wrong I've done. We must confront him. We must find a way to end this with you safe from Lord Bucksden's ire and Eliza free of his claim."

Glaring at him, Cassie wrenched free of her father's grasp. She wasn't certain she liked this new Roland. What right did he have to tell her what to do? Guiding their family had been her job these last two years since her mother's death.

"Only a few days ago you were begging me to concoct any sort of scheme to save us. Now here you are complaining about the one I created." That she'd paid for the scheme with her pride made it doubly hard to consider that she might have been wrong to propose it. "If you don't like my ideas, come up with one of your own," she continued, only to be disgusted at herself. She sounded peevish and that was beneath her, even in their present situation.

Shaking his head, Roland stepped back from her, his arms crossed. His expression hardened with new determination. "I do have some ideas, but nothing I'm ready to share with you. Now, tell me what happened after we parted. Lady Forster said Lord Graceton was the man following us and that footman of hers said you were with him as of yesterday afternoon. Where were you and did Lord Graceton do you any wrong?"

His question drove the breath from Cassie, half because she hadn't expected her father to care what had become of her and half because his question brought back all the pain of Lucien's second abandonment. "I spent the night at Lord Graceton's fishing lodge. By morning I again had movement in my knee." She framed her reply to sound as if she'd spent the night doing nothing more than recuperating.

"Did he do you any wrong?" Roland insisted, sounding very much like a concerned father when until today he'd been anything but that.

Cassie opened her mouth to lie to him only to discover that she couldn't. She wanted to cherish what little joy she'd taken in that interlude. Even to speak obliquely about the events was to tarnish them, making them tawdry. Nor did she want to share any of what happened with her sire, now that there were two Rolands to distrust. The first Roland, the father she'd known for all her life, might well use the knowledge of Lucien's supposed misbehavior to extort money from a new, rich source. Meanwhile, the Roland her father was presently portraying might well add his voice to Philana's in demanding marriage.

She shook her head. "Now is no time for that, Papa. Our efforts are better spent devising a new way to escape Lord Bucksden."

"Or, a way to deter him until we can remove you and Eliza from harm's way," Philana added, sweeping into the room. She removed her bonnet, setting it on the chest by the door then unbuttoned her gray pelisse. "Do you know anything about guns, Sir Roland?"

Roland nodded. "I do."

"Good. Can you assist my servants? They presently assemble Squire Forster's weapons in the kitchen. While I'm certain Alex is more than competent I'd like to know that the result won't win Lord Bucksden's laughter rather than his trepidation." Philana's tone was that of a woman discussing the condition of her garden rather than the defense of her embattled house guests.

"But of course," Roland said.

He turned a final narrow eyed look on Cassie, his expression saying that her answer hadn't distracted him then he left the drawing room. Cassie waited until he'd closed the door before she gave way to her panic. She threw herself into her aunt's arms.

"Philana, what are we going to do? Bucksden will be back and I cannot believe he'll be deterred by guns that don't fire."

Philana offered her a quick hug then set Cassie back from her. "What you're going to do is go upstairs and soothe your sister," she said. "I heard her crying when I passed the stairs. As for me I'm going to write a note to my neighbors, begging their assistance."

"No!" Cassie cried. "How will you explain to them why you have to resist Lord Bucksden? You cannot, not without ruining Eliza for all time. What if such a show of force thwarts him and he chooses to wreak his vengeance by spilling the tale before so many eager ears?"

Philana huffed and crossed her arms, eyeing Cassie in disgust. "This is what happens when certain folk allow those ninnyhammers who reign at Almacks to do their thinking for them. Otherwise sensible people become convinced that facades and appearances are more important than reality. Why should what your father did with Lord Bucksden affect Eliza in any way?"

Pain shot through Cassie. "How can you say that to me after I just told you how my father's behavior drove Lord Graceton from me?"

"Lord Graceton is but one man, Cassie," Philana replied with a shake of her head. "And I say more fool he if he cannot rise above his prejudice to do the bidding of his heart. May he continue to rot in his loneliness." Having cursed Lucien, Philana crossed the room to the delicate little desk in the corner.

"You're right to think that Eliza won't be courted by earls and dukes should this tale spread. However, that can't be hardship to her," she called over her shoulder to Cassie, opening the desk's front. "I doubt Eliza ever expected to make a brilliant match. There are other worthy men. Why, judging from the whirlwind that made Eliza its center at the house party, I'd warrant there are at least five eligible men in this neighborhood alone who'd happily look past Sir Roland's behavior to have her."

Cassie stared at her aunt's back, stunned and wanting desperately to believe. Could rescuing Eliza from Lord Bucksden really be as simple as exposing the truth of what he and Roland had done? Everything in her recoiled at the thought of people laughing at them from behind their hands or worse, forbidding their daughters from having anything to do with the Conningsby girls. Perhaps Philana was right. Perhaps all would be forgotten when the next scandal broke.

"Of course, you'd have to allow me to provide Eliza a dowry," Philana added.

Cassie's hopes crashed. Of course it wasn't as simple as Philana made it sound. Her aunt's solution was almost the same one she'd applied to Cassie and Lucien, except instead of trapping a husband for Eliza she meant to buy one. A purchased husband could be no better than a trapped and seething Lucien.

Robson opened the door. "Tea, my lady," he announced as a footman carried the service into the chamber.

"Thanks you, Robson," Philana said, her back still to the room. "Be a dear, Cassie and go fetch Eliza. She could use a bit of something to steady her nerves. I gave her the blue room."

Feeling lost and hopeless, Cassie did as Philana bid, climbing the house's central stair to the second storey. Ettrick House was a big square with a central stairway. That meant landings stretched the width of the house. The landing for the second storey gave Cassie access to four doorways, two on either side of the steps. The door to Eliza's bedroom was ajar. The hinges creaked a little as Cassie pushed it aside to enter.

Philana's blue room was in fact blue and white. Below the chair rail the wood paneling had been painted white. Framed Chinese panels, dark blue design painted on white silk, covered the paler blue wall above the railing. Sun streamed in through a wide deep-set window, its white painted shutters thrown wide, draperies the color of the sky pushed to the sides. The creamy carpet was woven with a dark blue pattern while the little dressing table was made of pale wood and had a top of lapis lazuli. Even the air in the close room was blue, filled with the faint scent of lavender in which all Philana's linens were stored.

Eliza lay on the bed, staring up at the pale blue brocade canopy above her. Cassie glanced down at herself. In their blue and white attire they might as well be part of the room's furnishings.

"You're right. I shouldn't have begged Papa to come back for you," Eliza said, still staring above her and sounding miserable. She shifted her clenched fingers around the ball of her sodden handkerchief.

"No, I'm wrong," Cassie replied with a sigh and came to sit beside Eliza on the bed. The mattress supports creaked. "We should never have parted. As for you, I won't have you contemplate for an instant sacrificing yourself to save us. It's no longer just a matter of satisfying Papa's debt, you know."

Eliza caught a shaken breath and rolled onto her side to put her head in Cassie's lap. "I know," she whispered, then laughed. It sounded more like a hiccough. "Until he came to the door I'd been picturing myself as quite the tragic heroine, giving up my freedom to save you."

Her words teased a quiet laugh from Cassie. "Sometimes you're too pure for this mundane plane," she told Eliza, brushing a few wayward golden hairs from her sister's forehead. "It's enough to know you'd give your life for me, sweetheart. I don't need you to actually do it."

"He frightened me, Cassie," Eliza whispered, then drew another shaken breath. New tears glistened in her eyes. "Can't we turn back time?" she begged softly. "I want to return to Ryecroft Castle. I want to dance and laugh, and eat wondrous meals. I want Mr. Percy and Colonel Egremont to pretend to fight over me."

She turned her head in Cassie's lap to look up at her. "That will all end for me now, won't it?"

Still wanting more than anything to save her sister, Cassie lifted Eliza to embrace her, avoiding the question at the same time.

Eliza laid her head on Cassie's shoulder. "If only you'd been at that card table with Lord Bucksden, Cassie. You wouldn't have lost that game," she whispered. Then, wiping her face with her handkerchief, she pushed free of Cassie's hold to touch a strand of her sister's loosened hair and gave a watery smile.

"Good heavens, look at you all atangle. Come to the dressing table and I'll make something a little neater of this for you."

Cassie hesitated, having experienced Eliza's handiwork in the past.

"Please, it will give me something to do," Eliza pleaded.





Mud spattered and sweat-stained, Lucien drew his foaming mount to a halt before Ryecroft Castle's main doorway. His rage hadn't abated in spite of his reckless ride. At least he knew Cassie was safe, if only for the moment. Thank God for that meddling old woman and her three menservants. That was manpower enough to make Bucksden cautious about approaching them during their short ride to Ettrick House. He hoped.

Dismounting, he climbed the few steps to the front door and threw it open without knocking. The startled footman danced back from him, gawking, his face framed by his wig's powered curls. "My lord?"

"Where is he?" Lucien demanded. It took all his will not to bellow.

The footman blinked rapidly as if trying to make sense of the question. "I believe Lord Ryecroft is still in his chamber, my lord," the servant stuttered.

Of course Devanney was still in his chamber. It wasn't yet noon and his cousin hadn't had the pleasure of being caressed awake just after dawn. Remembering this morning brought with it another reminder, one of how much it would hurt to lose Cassie, and how much more it would hurt if he somehow lost her to Bucksden's violence.

"See to my horse," Lucien commanded then strode into Devanney's home, spewing muck with every step as he made his way to the stairs leading to the residential wing.

Lady Barbara and the duchess were just descending. Wearing a cream dress with a narrow red stripe, Eleanor had left off her ostentatious diamonds to make do with rubies at her throat, breast, wrist and fingers. She even wore a gaudy ornament of the same bloody-colored stones on her pink turban; it was a dragonfly rising out of a great spray of gems. The insect, set on a tiny spring, quivered and danced with her every movement.

Barbara, descending ahead of her mother, wore blushing pink, the color complementing her dark hair and eyes. She drew a quick breath as she saw him, and immediately pressed herself to the banister to let him pass. Her worried gaze never left his face. Not so Eleanor. The duchess stood her ground as if she expected Lucien to stand aside.

Incapable of playing the game of pleasantries at the moment, he merely shifted on the step to push past her, giving her a sidelong glance as he went. Eleanor's eyes widened in outrage. She turned on the stairs to face him.

"What sort of arrogance is this, my lord? Going about filthy and half dressed, showing no respect to your betters? Did you learn nothing from your first brush with scandal three years ago? I suppose you cannot have, or you would have known better than to sniff after riffraff. I hope you'll take a lesson from the catastrophe your inattention to class caused."

Lucien froze as the noblewoman again denigrated Cassie. Rage exploded beyond any hope of containment. He turned to face the disdainful duchess, who still stood on the step below him.

Barbara gasped. She slipped down another step, grabbing her mother's arm as she went. "Come Mama," she whispered, "let him be."

Eleanor shook free of her daughter's grasp. "We aren't going anywhere until Lord Graceton awards me the show of respect that is my due," she trumpeted.

"And what sort of respect do you believe your due, madam?" Lucien demanded. His words almost cut his tongue as they left it.

Eleanor's eyes narrowed. Her chin lifted. "I am a duchess. You will bow to me."

Sneering, Lucien bent slightly, offering her the barest show of respect possible. "This I do in honor of your station, madam, but not you."

Eleanor's jaw dropped in astonishment. Bright color washed her face. Not so Barbara. She blanched and again tugged on her mother's arm.

"He's bowed, Mama. Come," she urged. "Let's be on to breakfast."

"I will not!" Eleanor almost shouted. "He will beg my pardon, or I vow I'll—".

"You'll what?" Lucien snarled. "Destroy my repute? Didn't you just tell me it was too late for my repute? Nor will I beg your pardon for speaking the truth. You, madam, are a sorry excuse for a woman. You demand respect from those around you, giving them nothing but your scorn and rudeness in return. How one such as you wrought so much sweetness in a daughter is beyond my comprehension."

Eleanor jerked as if he'd struck her. The color left her face, leaving her looking grayed and old. Her mouth opened and closed, as if she spoke. No sound emitted.

"Lucien!" Devanney bellowed, using his cousin's given name, an intimacy they'd given up when they went off to school, thus leaving behind boyhood notions to become men.

Lucien turned his back on the duchess. Adam Devanney stood on the second storey landing, looking every inch the country gentleman this morning in his brown waistcoat, fawn trousers and sturdy shoes. His shirt collar lay open, yet awaiting his neckcloth. His cuffs still lacked their closing studs.

"I need a second, Devanney," Lucien said, climbing the last few stairs to join him. "Will you serve?"

Rather than reply, his cousin caught him by the arm. Devanney's grip was tight enough to bruise. "Pardon Your Grace," he said to the still gaping Eleanor. "My cousin isn't himself at the moment. If you'll excuse?"

Devanney gave the duchess no chance to respond, only dragged Lucien the few steps it took to reach his bedchamber then shoved him through the doorway. Growling, Lucien whirled on his cousin. Devanney gave him another shove, driving him deeper into the room.

"Out, Watson," he shouted to his valet.

Watson beat a hasty retreat, slamming the door behind him. Yet another of Devanney's shoves propelled Lucien into the center of the room. Lucien's boot heel caught on the edge of the green and gold carpet. Stumbling a little, he pivoted, only to be blinded by the way mid morning light reflected off the many gilded and silken surfaces in the room.

"What the hell was that, Lucien?" Devanney demanded angrily, standing between Lucien and the door. "You don't come into my house and insult my family no matter how much Eleanor might have deserved that speech of yours."

Lucien's anger soared to new heights as Devanney again spoke to him as if he were a child. "A second, Adam," he retorted, using Devanney's given name in return. "Either you'll serve me or you won't. Answer now. If you refuse, I mean to go to Percy."

Adam threw his arms wide in frustration. "For what duel? What are you talking about?"

"I mean to kill Bucksden," Lucien replied as cold satisfaction washed over him.

It couldn't happen soon enough. Rapiers. He wanted to feel the blade enter Bucksden's flesh. He wanted the warmth of the earl's blood on his hands and to feel the man's shudder as he perished beneath Lucien's death blow.

"My second, Adam," he said again. It was a command, not a request. Percy would serve but not as well as Devanney.

Adam's eyes narrowed, his fists clenched. "Talk to me, Lucien. Tell me how you met Bucksden and what happened to put you on course for this duel. What happened to your need for a son to carry on your name?"

The instant his cousin spoke the words Lucien's heritage wrapped itself around him like a rope. He had no right to risk his life before he'd done his duty to Graceton's line. Siring a son to follow him was the only unrelenting requirement of his title.

As duty again bound Lucien's hands and restricted his ability to protect the woman he loved, he threw back his head. "I don't care about my godforsaken title. Bucksden dies today before he has a chance to hurt Cassie," he shouted.

Raising his voice was the wrong thing to do. Some of what boiled in him eased. That left room for calmer thoughts. Damn Adam. He was going to talk him out of this when a duel to the death was the only way to make Cassie safe.

"Sit and tell me everything," his cousin commanded, giving Lucien another push, this time toward the settee at the end of his bed.

Lucien collided with the cushioned bench then sidestepped it. "I've waited three years to do this, Adam. I'm done waiting. If you don't wish to be my second, so be it. Let me leave so I may ask elsewhere."

He took a step toward the door. Adam shifted to block his path and lifted his fists, a boxer's stance. "If you want to leave you'll have to knock me senseless. That will be no mean feat, even for you. Think about it, Lucien. What if battling me leaves you too injured to face Bucksden? Ten minutes. The earl won't disappear. Now, tell me what's happened or hit me!"

For one insane moment Lucien closed his fists. In the next, he opened them again. Adam knew very well that the act of striking out would restore Lucien's control of what raged in him.

"This is the thanks I get for risking my life to drag you, half-dead, out of France?" Lucien snarled, attacking with words since he didn't dare use his fists.

His cousin's expression froze. "A low blow, cuz, inexcusable even when you're like this. I didn't ask you to come for me, or to force Lord Candlestone to release me from his service any more than I asked for the burden of this godbedamned title I have to wear."

Regret tore a great hole in Lucien's anger. He hadn't meant to hurt Adam. And with his regret, the rage that had been solid and unmovable in the previous moment dissolved, turning into smoke and slipping through his fingers when Lucien wanted to remain blindingly angry until Bucksden was dead and Cassie was safe.

Damn his cousin. Adam was going to win, whether by action or by speech. "No more distractions. I have to meet Bucksden, Devanney," Lucien said, only to realize all was already lost if he'd reverted to using his cousin's family name.

"They're not my distractions, they're yours," Devanney snarled back, dropping his fists.

Lucien took a step toward him and the door behind him. Devanney knew him well enough not to hit him. Instead, he gave Lucien another, far gentler shove, sending him again toward the settee.

"Listen to me, Hollier, you pigheaded idiot," he growled. "If you truly considered the wrong Bucksden did you as heinous as you protest then you'd have called him out three years ago. You didn't. You might be able to fool yourself but you can't fool me. All you ever expected to accomplish with your threat was to keep Bucksden worried and on edge. Now damn you, tell me what's changed!" he roared.

The truth in Devanney's words drove Lucien down onto the settee. The last of his rage evaporated, leaving only fear for Cassie in its wake. That left Lucien looking at what had driven him into rage in the first place, that he didn't know any other way to protect Cassie except to kill Bucksden. But, killing Bucksden meant risking his own life, a luxury tradition wouldn't allow him.

"Bucksden intends to harm Cassie and her sister," Lucien said, shaken by the thought of his life ending and never again waking in a bed next to Cassie.

Across the room Devanney exhaled in noisy relief. The tension drained from his shoulders. His hands opened then he scrubbed his fingers through his hair, destroying the results of Watson's careful combing.

"Better," he said, coming to stand in front of Lucien. "Now the rest of it. Why would Bucksden want to harm Mrs. Marston or her sister?"

Lucien laughed, the sound short and harsh. "Imagine this if you will, Devanney," he said. "Bucksden, the arrogant, cold slayer of men, felled by a slender little beauty armed only with pottery."

Devanney cocked his head, waiting for more explanation than that. When he didn't get it right away, he dropped to sit next to Lucien on the settee. Lucien offered him a wry smile. Now that anger was ebbing he could afford to indulge himself in perverse pleasure as he imagined the scene.

"Mrs. Marston knocked the earl senseless with an urn when he threatened her sister. Don't ask me for the why of it. That's a tale only she has the right to tell."

Devanney released another long slow breath. He leaned forward, his forearms braced on his knees. "Well now, that's quite a scenario. You're right to think Mrs. Marston and Miss Elizabeth in danger. Bucksden's pride must be writhing. That he's come so far to find them suggests he has no intention of stopping until he's revenged himself upon them."

"Which is why he has to die," Lucien said, forcing himself to lean back into the settee's corner and giving thanks that he and his cousin understood each other so well. That Lucien had come here rather than allow rage to send him to Hawick to find Bucksden was proof of that. He couldn't afford to face Bucksden in a duel while raging. A single breach of the rigid rules that governed such meetings made the difference between murder and the satisfaction of honor with a result that happened to be death.

Devanney nodded. "Huh, I can see how you'd come to that conclusion. Let me ponder for a moment."

Lucien was content to let his cousin think, and to ponder the situation along with him. There had to be a better way to resolve this debacle. Cassie needed to be safe while Lucien needed to spend the rest of a long life enjoying her touch.

After a silent moment Devanney shot him a smiling, sidelong look. "May I assume that it was Mrs. Marston who kept you from returning last night?"

"You may," Lucien replied with a half smile.

Devanney tsked and shook his head. "Poor Hastings. He was almost beside himself at the thought of you without fresh clothing. I had to command him to remain here when he wanted to rush off to your lodge."

Lucien laughed at that, feeling easy in his own skin again. He and Devanney did, indeed, know each other well. He put an elbow on the settee's arm and bent his smuggest look upon his cousin.

"By the by, you owe me the full three sixty. She was on the road to Edinburgh when I found her."

"No!" Devanney sat up in surprise. "I vow to you, Lucien. I saw nothing untoward in her play the other night."

Lucien laughed. "Of course you saw nothing wrong. You and Percy were right. Cassie simply outplayed me."

Devanney's brows lowered. He looked like a man who feared he was about to be taken but didn't know how to stop it. "Then how can I owe you the full amount?"

Lucien grinned. "Because, my dear Devanney, Cassie's status as a sharp was never a condition of our wager. It was only if I found her anywhere but at Ettrick House. The three sixty is no more than my rightful due after this prank of your. You knew from the start she was no sharp."

Rather than complain that Lucien had cheated him, a slow smile played across Devanney's mouth. "I knew nothing of the sort. I didn't even know she played cards."

Lucien eyed his cousin. This wasn't the way their pranks worked. Once the victim uncovered the trick, the prankster had to confess to arranging it.

"Then, if it wasn't to see me humbled at the tables why did you direct me toward her at the ball?"

Devanney's gray eyes filled with satisfaction. He shifted on the settee, stretching his long legs out before him and bracing one arm on its back. "Marriage, my dear cousin. Your marriage."

Devanney let Lucien stew in curiosity for a moment before he offered the rest of his explanation. "Philana Forster called on me the moment she heard that you'd agreed to attend my party, begging that I include her nieces and Conningsby." He rolled his eyes at that. "You can imagine my reaction. I had enough to handle in my sweet Aunt Eleanor without adding Sir Roland to the brew."

"But you didn't refuse her?" Lucien asked.

Devanney offered a rueful grin. "Of course I did, to no avail. That woman has more persistence than Sisyphus. At last I told her I'd only extend my invitation to her nieces if I liked her reason for insisting that they be included. You'll never guess what she related to me."

Lucien grinned. God bless that meddling old woman. "That her elder niece was the perfect wife for me. All she needed was the opportunity to bring us together."

Watching astonishment blossom on Devanney's face was worth the trouble Lucien had bought himself by making mincemeat of Lady Eleanor. "How did you know?" Devanney demanded.

"Because when Lady Forster came to claim her kidnapped niece"—Lucien shot a glance at Devanney's pretty little cloisonne clock on the mantlepiece—"a half hour ago she demanded that I appear at Ettrick House in the near future to offer Cassie Marston's repute the protection of marriage."

His confession drove Devanney back against the settee with enough force to make the seat jerk even with the two of them sitting in it. "Kidnapped?" he gasped.

"Kidnapped," Lucien replied with a shrug as if it was part of his daily routine: rise, bathe, don his attire, kidnap Cassie.

When Devanney continued to stare, Lucien smiled. "I didn't realize that's what I was doing at the time. When I found Cassie on the road, their coach had fallen and she was alone with a wrenched knee, having been abandoned by her family. Fearing my anger, she pretended amnesia. So, I claimed to be her husband."

Both appalled and amused, Devanney relaxed back into the settee's corner. "Madness. What were you thinking?"

Lucien's smile widened as he understood now what he hadn't let himself see at the time. Nothing had changed in the six years of his separation from Cassie. He'd wanted to be her husband then, and he still wanted to be her husband now.

"I was thinking that if I were her brother or her cousin I wouldn't be able to demand my husbandly rights to force her into confessing that she was a sharp," he said.

"Egad," Devanney said weakly, his eyes wide. "Did you?"

"Force a confession?" Lucien asked, purposefully misunderstanding his cousin. "How, when there was nothing for her to confess?"

Devanney's eyes narrowed in reproach.

Lucien laughed. "Anything else is none of your concern."

The realization of what Lucien had done left Devanney shaking his head like a man befuddled. "All this because I let that old woman bring her nieces to my party, hoping to tweak you a bit. A thousand pardons, Hollier. I only thought this would be my best prank ever. I had no idea it would actually result in you being forced to the altar. You won't let her do it to you, will you? Good God, you'll have Sir Roland as your father-by-marriage."

"What if I told you I was going to do it?" Lucien asked, studying the toes of his muddy boots.

"I'd say I didn't believe you," Devanney retorted with enough harshness that Lucien looked up at him.

Concern filled his cousin's eyes. "Lucien, if you think the gossips were unrelenting after Dorothea," he warned, shaking his head.

"A shame you didn't catch me before I tore your sweet Aunt Eleanor limb from limb," Lucien said with a laugh. "She'll do her best to see me completely ruined with the ton."

"You don't sound particularly put out about it," Devanney replied.

"Why should I be?" Lucien shrugged again. "Let them say what they please. I hope they enjoy this as much as I am. It's worse melodrama than any London play I've ever seen, what with a card sharping beauty, a noble kidnapper, illicit lovemaking, a bankrupt knight, both financially and morally, a humiliated earl, and a forced and degraded marriage."

The concern melted from Devanney's expression. The corners of his mouth lifted. "You love her."

"I do," Lucien agreed, "and I won't give her up, which brings me back to Bucksden. What's your conclusion? Is there another way to stop him outside of a duel?"

"You could marry your Cassie," Devanney suggested. "Once she and her sister have your protection Bucksden won't dare to touch them."

"You know better," Lucien said with a sigh. He straightened on the settee and ran his fingers through his hair. In his haste to reach Devanney he'd forgotten his hat and gloves. His hair was wind-blown and tangled. If his face was as mud splattered as his shirt and boots, then Eleanor had been right to chide. He must look a disgrace.

He braced his forearms on his knees and looked at Devanney. "If I don't find a way to permanently end his threat, doing it now, Bucksden will only be encouraged to repeat what he did to poor Dorothea three years ago when he feared I meant to expose him as a card cheat. I don't want him slinking away to plot some sly vengeance. I won't live my life always looking over my shoulder and worrying about what nastiness he has in store for me, or for Cassie. No, this must end, here and now."

Devanney frowned. "A duel cannot serve you, then. It isn't a mere scratch to satisfy outraged honor that you want to deal him, but a death wound. According to Percy, Mrs. Marston did him some injury. That leaves you with a conundrum, Hollier. You don't have time to let his injuries heal, but if you kill him while he's injured you risk forfeiture and exile."

Exile. The word rang in Lucien, only it wasn't his own banishment he contemplated. "You're brilliant, Devanney," he said with a laugh. "Exile is the perfect solution."

Surprise shot through Devanney's eyes then his mouth tightened. "Your exile won't last long. If you dare to leave me alone in this country, I vow I'll come after you with blood in my eyes," he snapped back, half serious.

"Not me, you twit. Bucksden," Lucien retorted. "What is it he can do that might result in his exile?"

Devanney laughed quietly. "He could kill you in a duel," he said, his suggestion winning him a chiding look from Lucien. "You're right, not a good option. Well then, what if you tried again to prove he cheated at cards? That would be the end of him. But that won't work either. He'd never agree to play with you, and even if he did he wouldn't do anything untoward. A shame you couldn't prove what he'd done three years ago," he added in afterthought.

With Devanney's words the perfect solution came spinning up from inside Lucien. He stifled his laugh. A duel fought with a deck of cards. It really was too perfect, that was, if he could get Cassie to agree.

"I have an idea," he said, "but I'll wait to share it with you until I've spoken with Cassie, Mrs. Marston," he amended, reluctantly returning the more formal address that convention demanded. He vowed to himself that nothing would change the intimacy they'd shared, even if he had to insert the demand that she sleep unclothed into their wedding vows.

He came to his feet, once again feeling in control of his emotions and his destiny, which was why he'd come to Devanney in the first place. "Well then, I'll change and be off to Ettrick House." As urgent as his need was to stand between Cassie and Bucksden he wouldn't make her a proposal of marriage looking less than respectable. That would dishonor Cassie and the affection he felt for her.

"I'm coming," Devanney said, his tone suggesting it would do Lucien no good to protest.

"What of your party?" Lucien asked.

Devanney grinned. "You're out of your mind if you think I'm staying here to listen to Eleanor complain about you. Go. Make yourself decent while I change into riding attire. Once we riding for Lady Forster's house you can tell me all about this idea of yours."





The occasional fallen leaf skittered over the grassy avenue, the pines lining the way to Ettrick House sighed. The wind tugged at Lucien's hat and pushed at his back as if urging him to greater speed. More speed would have pleased Percy's thoroughbred mare; Lucien had borrowed the horse, not wanting to wind his own bay. She lifted her heels and begged for a chance to run. It took effort to keep her at a sustainable pace.

"Hollier," Devanney said in warning as he rode alongside Lucien. Devanney was no longer a study in brown and Lucien was no longer muddy. Instead, they wore similar blue riding jackets, fawn breeches and black boots.

At Lucien's glance Devanney pointed to where the avenue gave way to gravel, almost a quarter mile ahead of them. It was an impossible tableau. Four men stood on Ettrick House's raised porch, Sir Roland Conningsby at their forefront. All of them were armed, two with pistols, one with a sporting gun while Sir Roland held an ancient military musket. Conningsby held his weapon as if he were familiar with it. Lucien supposed he might be. Before he'd pickled his brains Sir Roland must have trained at arms in his youth. It was something all gentlemen did.

Their weapons were aimed at the three men standing with their horses at the base of the porch stairs. Of those three, two were servants, dressed in unremarkable garments. Bucksden, on the other hand, was unmistakable, even from the back.

It wasn't just the earl's form that identified him. Bucksden, although not as tall as either Lucien or Devanney, was a powerfully built man; it was his physical prowess that kept most men from confronting him. Nor was it Bucksden's attire, although he tended to rival Percy in his regard for fashion. His overcoat, an unnecessary affectation on so warm a day, was fashionably caped. Beneath its hem his perfectly polished Hessians gleamed in day's light. No, it was Bucksden's strange headgear that distinguished him. Instead of a hat he wore a swathing, bulky white bandage wrapped around his head.

Lucien wanted to groan. He was too late. He'd needed to speak to Cassie before they confronted Bucksden. She had to understand, as Devanney already did, that there could be no show of affection from her toward him until they dispensed with the nobleman's threat. One hint of a connection between Cassie and Graceton's lord, and Bucksden would smell the trap Lucien wanted to set.

Had intended to set. Hadn't yet set and now couldn't. Lucien gnashed his teeth in frustration.

"Now what?" Devanney asked.

"What else can we do? Let's see if Conningsby really intends to kill Bucksden," Lucien replied, then gave the mare her head. She made good use of her freedom, leaping into a happy gallop. Devanney did his best to keep pace, kicking the ugly creature he rode into faster movement.

"Leave, Bucksden. What you want you'll never have from me." Sir Roland's shout echoed in the distance. The knight didn't sound like his usual silly self.

"You fool, you have no choice," Bucksden shouted in return, the sound of his anger as identifiable as his form. "You're a man of honor. You agreed. What's done is done. Now, bring them to me."

Heat stirred in the ashes of Lucien's rage. Bucksden would die before he laid a finger on Cassie. Lucien put his heels to Percy's mare, urging her on to even greater speed, certain Sir Roland would fold before the earl's demand.

Rather than give way Sir Roland stepped to the edge of the porch and pointed his musket at Bucksden. "You want them? You'll have to come through me first."

Bucksden laughed at that and pulled something from his coat pocket. He extended his arm. Metal glinted. Lucien saw the puff of smoke before he heard the sharp report. The horses standing beneath the porch all whinnied and danced.

Sir Roland screamed and fell back, dropping his weapon. The musket shattered as it hit the porch floor, the stock falling over the edge. Two of Lady Forster's guardians shuffled back a few steps. The other one, braver than the rest, knelt at Sir Roland's side.

At the sound of approaching horses Bucksden and his servants turned. Lucien pulled the mare to a huffing snorting halt, not surprised to see that the earl's servants weren't the sort one took to Almacks or St. James Palace. The one holding the horses had been a frequent visitor to a boxing ring, or so said the flattened bridge of his fleshy nose. The taller man had short hair and a lean, hungry face, the look of London's tougher neighborhoods clinging to every sharp line of his form.

Dismounting, keeping a tight hold on the mare's reins, Lucien faced Bucksden, struggling not to laugh. The earl eyed him in return, his expression impassive. Or rather Lucien assumed it was dispassion he saw on the man's face. It was hard to tell, what with the damage Cassie's urn had wreaked.

Although Bucksden was impeccably dressed in riding attire, a dark blue coat, buff breeches, boots and a white waistcoat heavily embroidered with gold, he was no longer the handsome man over whom so many women swooned, at least not at the moment. Both his eyes were blackened, the bruising beginning to fade to a hideous shade of yellow. Not all the damage would fade. The skin at one corner of his right eye had torn. A doctor's needle had drawn together the edges of what would become a small but ragged scar, not disfiguring unless you were a man who prized his appearance above all else. As for the earl's once perfect nose, it now had the same bend that afflicted his servant's more bulbous proboscis.

Lucien eyed that bandage on Bucksden's head, wondering what further damage hid beneath it then noticed that black hair curled out from beneath the gauzy binding only on one side of the earl's head. Again the urge to laugh wracked Lucien. Bucksden's head was shaved on one side.

No wonder the earl was here and raging. He had nothing else to do. It would be a long while before he was again presentable to society.

As Devanney brought his horse to a halt and dismounted, Lucien bowed to the injured earl. "Good heavens my lord. What in the world happens here and what happened to you? Did you take a turn in the ring with Gentleman Jim?" he asked in the pretense of ignorance.

Bucksden's lips tightened until his mouth was a narrow slash across his face. "Something like that," he replied, evading an explanation he didn't want to give and avoiding Lucien's questions.

On the porch Sir Roland grunted and rose to sitting. He clutched a hand to his shoulder where blood soaked the fabric of his shirt beneath his fingers. The servant crouched at the knight's side was a rustic who looked as much bear as human, but his calm expression and knowledgeable touch suggested he was familiar with wounds.

"Sir Roland, are you badly injured?" Lucien asked, amazed that the little man remained conscious although he wasn't surprised Roland yet lived. While Lucien didn't put murder beyond Bucksden, the earl was too good a shot and too smart to commit murder in the light of day and before witnesses.

"I'll live," the knight grunted, sounding disappointed at the prospect. What had happened to the feckless giggler?

Bucksden made an irritable sound. "Of course he will. It's naught but a flesh wound. Take that as a warning, Sir Roland. I don't care for men pointing weapons at me." He tossed his spent pistol to the hungry Londoner, who caught it handily and put it in his coat pocket.

"I can't say I know any man who does," Lucien agreed, scrambling for some new way, any way short of his own death in a duel, to end Bucksden's threat against Cassie and her sister. He gave a jerk of his head to Devanney, suggesting that his cousin make his way up to the porch. Devanney let his eyes widened as if in fear—hardly a credible response from a seasoned spy—then did as he was bid, his footsteps crunching in the gravel.

As Devanney went to the porch Lucien looked at Lord Bucksden, playing the part of the astonished visitor who simply happened upon this scene. "But, why was he pointing a musket at you in the first place?"

"It's a private matter, Lord Graceton," said Sir Roland, startling Lucien. He'd expected that protest to come from Bucksden.

The earl tried to lift his brows, only to flinch when the movement tugged at his stitches. "I must respect Sir Roland's wishes in this regard," he said.

As Devanney neared the porch top the two men near the door, one a balding butler judging from his attire, the other a satin-clad footman, turned in his direction. Although they didn't point their weapons at him, Devanney held out his arms in a gesture of peace and smiled. "Easy, my good lads. Will you kindly inform Lady Forster that Lord Graceton and Lord Ryecroft have come to call?"

"I hope you get a better reception from the old woman than I have, my lords. Good day," Bucksden said as he prepared to retreat.

Lucien's fists clenched in frustration. Bucksden couldn't leave, not yet. Their confrontation had to begin and end here and now. It was unbearable to think that Bucksden's threat might hang over Cassie, and their marriage.

Stalling, Lucien said, "Dare I mention I was surprised to hear you were in the neighborhood, Lord Bucksden? Our paths so rarely cross."

Bucksden turned, pebbles scraping beneath his boots. He looked back at Lucien, the wind shifting the hair beneath one side of his bandage. Again he tried to narrow his eyes only to flinch again.

Metal scraped metal, the sound of the bolt on Lady Forster's door being drawn. Percy's mare took offense to the noise, tossing her head and trying to back away from the porch. Moving to hold her by the bridle, Lucien watched the door open from over his saddle.

Cassie stepped out, shifting to one side as Lady Forster's butler and footman retreated into the house. The door closed behind them, leaving her alone in front of the white woodwork that decorated Ettrick House's entry.

Lucien's heart filled with the sight of her. She still wore the very proper blue and white dress of this morning with a lacy fichu filling its bodice, but her hair was no longer unbound. Instead, it had been done in a series of intricate twists and was so tightly pinned in place the wind could gain no foothold. All in all, she looked even lovelier than she had at breakfast. Ah, but she didn't look half as lovely as she had at dawn.

Blast it all. Why couldn't he and Devanney have arrived ten minutes earlier? Then, he would have had the chance to explain all to Cassie, including why she must challenge the earl to a card game. But what she'd most needed to know was not to make a show of greeting him.

She went to her father. "Papa?" she asked.

Roland clumsily worked his way onto his knees then rose to his feet, keeping his hand clamped over the seeping wound on his other arm. "Go back inside, Cassie," the little man commanded, sounding not at all like himself.

Rather than do his bidding, Cassie looked from Devanney to Bucksden, then her gaze slid across the earl's servants to him. Rather than cry out in joy at his presence, something Lucien's heart would have been glad to hear, a breath of a frown marred her pretty brow. She watched him, her gaze both wary and expectant.

Lucien ached as he understood. She'd watched him the same way in the courtyard of his lodge, needing proof from him that his affection for her hadn't changed. He'd tried his best to give her what she'd needed then, but his anger had been too overwhelming to permit it. Now, when he was ready to tell her everything she wanted to hear, he didn't dare extend so much as an encouraging look. Envy joined his anger. It wasn't right that he had to remain down here while Devanney played the role of Cassie's rescuer.

Pain flickered in her gaze. That only made Lucien angrier. Damn Bucksden and Conningsby to hell. Because of them he was hurting Cassie.

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Cassie studied Lucien, praying for some indication from him that he'd come to offer her marriage. That's what Philana had crowed when she recognized it was Lucien riding up the avenue on Mr. Percy's horse accompanied by Lord Ryecroft. How Philana had exulted over the two men appearing at exactly the right moment. Something to do with fate. How Cassie's foolish heart had swelled with misguided hope.

Lucien might look the well-dressed beau dressed in his riding attire, but he hadn't come here as a suitor. It was disinterest, not love, she read in his expression. He watched her as if he didn't know her, which explained Lord Ryecroft's presence at Lucien's side for this visit. It wasn't marriage they came to propose, but some settlement that would free Lucien from Philana's abhorrent threat of forced wedlock.

Reminding herself that she'd come out to do something other than break her heart anew over Lucien, Cassie turned her gaze onto Lord Bucksden. As she again confronted the damage that she and her urn had wrought on the earl's face she didn't wonder that he raged about her, even shouting to her father a few moments ago about taking her to London to face assault charges. She didn't give his threat any credit. The earl was too proud a man to tolerate anyone knowing what she'd done to him. No, he had some fate other than a trial and imprisonment in mind for her. She didn't care to imagine what it might be.

Lord Bucksden's lips lifted into a tight, satisfied smile. "Well now here you are, Mrs. Marston. I see you're more sensible than your sire. Go back inside and fetch your sister. It's time we were on our way." Threat lay heavy in his tone.

Roland made a worried sound and took a step closer to her. "Didn't you hear me, Cassie? I told you to go back inside."

Cassie looked at her father. He wore no hat and his white hair danced around his head in the wind. Just now his skin was as pale as his hair, even his lips. His blood-sodden sleeve clung to his arm.

"You're the one who should go in," she replied softly. "You're hurt." A flicker of gratitude for him woke in her. No matter what her father had done wrong in the past, he'd come out here intent on stopping Lord Bucksden. That was more than he'd attempted in London when the earl had first come to claim Eliza.

"It's nothing," her father retorted, then urged again, "go."

Lord Ryecroft crossed the porch to stand at Cassie's side. Unlike his noble cousin the expression on the tall earl's handsome face was warm, even sympathetic. He offered a small smile, filling the movement of his mouth with the promise of protection. Then he looked down at the men below the porch floor.

"Heavens, Bucksden," he drawled, "I fear I'm all adither in confusion. Can you make it clear for me? Why would you come to Lady Forster's house armed and is it one or both of Conningsby's daughters you want to take against his will? Lastly, why ever would you want to take either of them? I must warn you. I won't stand for Mrs. Marston and her sister leaving my party. It would make a shambles of the event. Too many men," he finished with a shudder, as if an unbalanced ratio between the sexes at his party was a fate worse than death.

"Stay out of this, Ryecroft," Lord Bucksden warned, his voice flat but lacking the note of threat he'd aimed at her.

"But how can I?" Lord Ryecroft protested. "Mrs. Marston and Miss Elizabeth are integral to my party. If they leave, then whatever shall we do about our little play? Both have parts in it, and their absence would put an end to our little drama when I'm just beginning to enjoy it. I fear the show cannot go on without them."

Cassie frowned. What little play? There'd been talk of amateur theatrics among Eliza's new group of friends, but as yet nothing had come of it. They hadn't even chosen a drama to enact.

"What good are you?" Roland snapped, sending a raging glance in Lord Ryecroft's direction, startling Cassie. "All you care about is your party, not protecting my daughters."

Pivoting, Roland snatched Alex's unloaded pistol from where the big man had tucked it into his belt. Roland pointed the useless weapon at Lord Bucksden. His arm quivered, the muzzle of the pistol dancing along with it. "Here and now, my lord. If you want them, take them from me," he demanded.

Cassie gasped in understanding. Her father's solution to their dilemma was to provoke Lord Bucksden to do murder. His murder.

"Put the pistol down, Sir Roland," Lord Ryecroft said gently, leaning over to catch the older man's shivering arm. "Even if Lord Bucksden has another pistol I seriously doubt he intends to accommodate you."

Making a desperate sound, Roland yanked free of Lord Ryecroft's grip. The effort unbalanced him. He staggered forward, stopping too close to the edge of the porch.

"No, he has to shoot me! This is my fault. God help me I was drunk. I don't even remember making the wager. All I recall is those two blighters of his," he aimed his trembling pistol hand in the direction of Lord Bucksden's servants, "dropping me off at my step, telling me to prepare to give up my daughter when the earl came for her at eleven."

Lord Ryecroft lunged for her father, moving more quickly than Cassie thought possible for so indolent a man. He wrenched the pistol from Roland's bloody fingers then pulled the knight back from the porch's edge. Roland cried out, fighting to free himself.

"I beg your pardon Sir Roland, but I cannot let you do that," Lord Ryecroft said and released him.

Roland's knees gave way. This time, Alex caught him, steadying him on his feet. "No," Roland whispered in defeat, his face ashen, his eyes swimming.

"Take Sir Roland into the house and see to that injury," Lord Ryecroft commanded Philana's parker then waited as Alex half-dragged Roland to the door. It creaked open to admit them, then shut again, leaving Cassie alone with Lord Ryecroft on the porch.

The tall earl again turned his attention on Lord Bucksden and his cousin. "Now my thoughts truly swim, Bucksden. Did I hear Conningsby aright? You and he gambled over the possession of an innocent girl?" he said, a touch of disgust in his voice. "By God, but that's cheeky even for you."

"You heard Conningsby. This is none of your concern, Ryecroft," Lord Bucksden retorted. His tone might have been casual—any other man would have been shouting in outrage at such a slur—but the earl's pretense of calm didn't mean that he wasn't seething. The depth of his irritation showed in the way he turned his neck against the binding of his collar and neckcloth.

"Having heard Conningsby's confession, I think we're obligated to question," Lucien said, speaking as if he didn't already know what her father had done. That made Cassie glance at him, wondering. There was nothing for her to see except Lucien's expressionless face.

"No matter what Conningsby says he did make that wager, on that you have my word. Should that not be enough for you," Lord Bucksden sent a burning sidelong look at Lucien, "then know that the wager was witnessed and registered at our club. For the record I didn't suggest the terms. Conningsby freely offered his daughter to me when I mentioned that I'd seen her on the street and admired her."

Perhaps it was because Cassie had come out here armed with the solution to their dilemma that Eliza had unwittingly offered. Or, perhaps it was because this was another sort of game, although one far more intricate than Speculation. Whatever it was, Cassie found herself watching Lord Bucksden as if he were already seated across a card table from her.

She read the earl's bluff in the aggressive jut of his jaw and the faint narrowing of his eyes. Roland hadn't offered him Eliza. That didn't mean Roland hadn't agreed to the suggestion of putting Eliza on the table, especially if he'd been drunk. But their father hadn't gone into the game planning to use his daughter as ante the way Cassie now meant to do.

That Cassie could read Lord Bucksden as easily as she did any other card player gave her the confidence she'd lacked a moment ago. This was going to work. If she'd defeated Lucien at cards, she could surely defeat Lord Bucksden.

Buoyed, she stepped closer to the porch's edge. "My lord, perhaps you can understand why we resist you, given my father's insistence that he doesn't remember making the wager," she said, seeing no need to mention that she'd only heard Roland's confession this very moment. "I'd like to offer you a way to resolve the whole matter, once and for all. Consider a second game, one between you and me. Possession of Eliza will be on the table. If I win, you must release any and all claims to her. If I lose, you may do with her as you wish."

And, what of Lord Bucksden's plans for her? The game didn't address that. One crisis at a time. Eliza had to be safe.





Beside Cassie Lord Ryecroft sucked in a startled breath. For an instant Lord Bucksden looked almost horrified, glancing between his fellow noblemen then all expression left his face. As for Lucien's reaction to her challenge Cassie had no clue. He was bent behind Mr. Percy's horse, doing something with the girth's buckle.

Anger sparked. That arrogant, useless, selfish nobleman! What did she need with a man who fiddled with riding gear at the very moment she risked her sister's life on the gaming table? Lucien was unworthy of her, not the other way around. Let him offer his settlement. She'd throw it back in his face, even if that meant living out her life in the direst of poverty.

Lord Bucksden thrust his hands into his overcoat pockets in unwitting show of resentment. At first Cassie thought it was because he didn't like that Lucien and Lord Ryecroft now knew the terms of his wager with her father. While Lord Bucksden might not like the tale of wagering over Eliza spreading, it would hardly hang over his head like that sword over Damocles. This was a man who had more than once ridden the crest of scandal and paid no price for what he did.

Again, the earl glanced from Lucien to Lord Ryecroft. His brow furrowed as deeply as his bruising allowed. Philana and Eliza had insisted that Lucien's and Lord Ryecroft's presence here was a godsend, that presenting her challenge while they listened would change everything, giving them permission to participate in Eliza's fate. Cassie wasn't certain she believed them. Now, she waited to see if they were right.

Lord Bucksden turned his gaze onto her, his eyes as narrow as the stitching at the right one's corner would allow. The wind gusted, toying with what black hair escaped his bandage. It swirled his overcoat's hem around his boots. One of his servants spat. The other shifted impatiently. Mr. Percy's horse stamped and tossed her head, trying to escape Lucien's grip on her bridle.

Slow, vicious pleasure filled in the earl's gaze. "I see no reason to risk my possession of Miss Elizabeth in another game. My wager with Sir Roland was recorded and witnessed. I won. Your sister is rightfully mine, a fact to which Lord Graceton and Lord Ryecroft must stand as witness. Bring her to me, Mrs. Marston. Now."

Panic shot through Cassie. Philana and Eliza were wrong. Having two noble witnesses to her challenge was a catastrophe. Now, Lord Bucksden would use the strict code that ruled wagers to prize Eliza out of Philana's house.

"I don't think we can stand aside and let you take Miss Elizabeth," Lucien replied, his voice harsh.

Relief almost weakened Cassie's knees. Whatever Lucien thought of her, he wasn't going to turn his back and let this happen. Cassie looked at him, ready to forgive him much, only to have gratitude crash into disgust at herself. Lucien was glaring daggers at Lord Bucksden while Lord Bucksden returned the sentiment in full. How could she have forgotten their shared history? Lucien didn't care a whit about Eliza. All he wanted was a way to hurt Lord Bucksden.

"You have no choice in the matter," Bucksden snapped. "The wager's registered. It is legitimate."

"So you say," Lucien snarled, "but how can we know that unless we make a trip to London to see the register?"

The intimation that he might be lying made Lord Bucksden rise onto the balls of his feet in preparation for attack. In the next instant his heels flattened back onto the ground. Cassie read the earl in surprise. Lord Bucksden thought Lucien was arranging a trap for him.

Her disgust grew. The earl couldn't be more wrong. Lucien didn't care what happened to her or her sister. If he had, then he'd have been up here on the porch and at her side as his cousin was.

"But Hollier, why should anyone have to ride to London for anything?" Lord Ryecroft asked, his handsome face alight as if in inspiration. "We can resolve everything here in no longer than an hour's time. It's all so easy, Bucksden," he said to his fellow earl, his voice alive with boyish enthusiasm. "Accept Mrs. Marston's challenge. Once the two of you have played there can be no question as to who placed what wager and who won. Once you've taken the match we'll have no choice but to let you leave unhindered with Miss Elizabeth."

"Why should I play a second game when I've already won the first?" Lord Bucksden demanded.

"But, you seemed in such a hurry to claim Miss Elizabeth. Now that the wager has been placed in doubt we'd be doing less than our duty if we allowed you to take her until a man rides to London and back to verify that all is as you say it is. Not that we don't believe you," Lord Ryecroft qualified, holding his hands, the quintessential peacemaker. "Play the game and be done with it as Mrs. Marston says, once and for all," he persisted.

Confidence roared back through Cassie. It took all her will not to press her hand to her chest to calm her racing heart. Thank God for Lord Ryecroft. How could Lord Bucksden refuse now when the proposal so obviously served him?

Lord Bucksden shot that wary glance around him, still expecting a trap. He looked to his servants. The taller one gave a half shrug.

"Devanney, I cannot agree to this unless I know Miss Elizabeth is a willing participant," Lucien said as Mr. Percy's horse again sidled and fought his hold on her bridle.

As he sought to calm the horse Lucien's gaze flickered in her direction. Cassie thought she saw softness in his eyes.

"Well, Mrs. Marston?" Lucien asked irritably. "Invite Miss Elizabeth to join us, so she can tell us what her will in all this is."

She was wrong. Cassie huffed, horrified by herself. What a lovesick fool she was, putting expressions on the face of a man who didn't want her. She turned toward the door.

Young Rob Laidlaw peered out at her through the crack between door and jamb. At her nod he moved aside, opening the door. Eliza stepped out, looking pale and frightened but calm, then Rob closed the door behind her. She swept forward to join Cassie. Only the tightness of her joined hands revealed how terrified she was.

"This is worse than anything I imagined," she whispered to Cassie then offered a brief curtsy to the gathered peers. "My lords, I am willing to abide by the terms of this wager."

Lord Bucksden's gaze locked onto Eliza's face. Lust heated his eyes. Then his gaze drifted downward in lewd appraisal of Eliza's form.

"A few hands of cards," Lord Ryecroft said, his tone light as if it weren't the rest of Eliza's life being decided by this match, "and all is resolved."

Lord Bucksden tore his attention off Eliza to frown at his fellow earl. "You would vow to uphold the terms of the wager?"

"Absolutely," Lord Ryecroft answered without hesitation. "You win, and Miss Elizabeth leaves with you. Mrs. Marston and her father must swear not to attempt to reclaim her. If Mrs. Marston wins, you must swear to give up all claim to Miss Elizabeth, making no further attempt to take her from her family."

"Graceton as well?" the earl snarled, shooting a burning glance at Lucien.

"I would so vow," Lucien replied.

"There is one thing, however," Lord Ryecroft said, tapping his chin with his forefinger. "It's such an odd wager. I think for everyone's security it would be best if the game were played before as many witnesses as possible. I can think of no better place to stage it at the moment than Ryecroft Castle, what with all my guests presently in residence. Now I know you cannot like this, Miss Elizabeth," the handsome earl man said, offering Eliza a quick smile, "but there's no reason to announce the terms of the wager. The other witnesses only need know that the ante on the table is of a personal nature."

This time it wasn't suspicion but fear that plagued Lord Bucksden. He took a backward step. "I prefer not to make a public appearance at the moment."

The wave of Lord Ryecroft's hand dismissed his bruising. "I know you've done your best to be circumspect since you arrived, but when an injured earl appears in one of the local villages it doesn't take long for news to spread. Everyone at my party already knows about your—how shall we say?—temporary disfiguration?"

A tiny smile lifted the corners of Lord Ryecroft's mouth. "Tut Bucksden, it's too late to be shy. Rather than hide, strut boldly into my door and tell them all about your experience in the boxing ring. Anything else will free people to fabricate their own explanations for your injuries. How the rumors already run!"

Lord Bucksden's chin jerked up in insulted reaction. Beside Cassie, Eliza turned her laugh into a cough. Cassie bit her lips to keep from smiling. How cleverly Lord Ryecroft used words to drive Lord Bucksden where he wanted him. Either Lord Bucksden agreed to play their game at Ryecroft Castle, or he would seem a coward.

His brow again furrowed, at least a little, Lord Bucksden's gaze slipped back to the porch and Eliza. "Who attends this party of yours, Ryecroft?" he asked, watching her.

"There are a number of locals whose names will mean nothing to you," Lord Ryecroft replied, "but you'll know Percy from the tables, I think. And perhaps Colonel Egremont, Sussex's nephew?"

Lord Bucksden gave a brusque nod at that, his gaze still fixed on Eliza. The intensity of his look drove Eliza to shift subtly to the side, half-hiding behind Cassie. Cassie stifled her urge to clasp her sister in her arms. It was pointless to try and protect her now.

"Oh and there's my great aunt, of course," Lord Ryecroft added as if in afterthought when Cassie doubted anyone could ever forget Eleanor.

Lord Bucksden tore his gaze off Eliza to look at Lord Ryecroft in surprise. "The duchess of Carlisle attends?"

"Lord, but how could I have forgotten how well you and my Aunt Eleanor know each other?" Lucien's cousin said, shaking his head at himself. "The two of you have often been companions at the table in London, haven't you? I dare say she'll be pleased to see you, even bruised as you are. She's lamented the lack of quality at my party."

Again, Lord Bucksden turned his gaze on Eliza. His bruising wasn't enough to hide the depths of his desire for her. Then, the earl looked at Cassie. Emotions flashed across his body, if not his face. His shoulders tensed in consideration, then relaxed into satisfaction.

Cassie read him with ease. Lord Bucksden was not only utterly certain that he would win, he intended to enjoy besting her, then walking away with her sister, knowing the pain it would cause her.

No, it was more than that. What most intrigued the earl about this match were the witnesses. As much as Lord Bucksden desired Eliza, what he wanted more was to take her from Cassie, doing it in front of witness who, if they but knew what was happening before their eyes, might have tried to stop him.

Cassie's confidence grew. Lucien had also believed he could easily beat her, and she'd taken his money from him. It was vicious and wrong, but Cassie hoped the earl hadn't heard about her game with Lucien from any of the locals he might have interviewed. As much as Lord Bucksden craved hurting her she craved his angry astonishment when he realized he faced a capable player. She hoarded the image of him raging and beaten for a second time by a woman he dismissed as beneath him.

Below the porch, Lord Bucksden bowed. "My lords, I accept Mrs. Marston's challenge and am willing to join her at Ryecroft Castle for this game."

"There's one last thing," Lucien said, no inflection in his voice. "I think it only fair that Lord Bucksden be warned. Mrs. Marston is a more than capable cardswoman."

Cassie's precious image of the defeated and raging earl exploded. Her anger at Lucien roared into an inferno. What sort of cad was he? She'd taken his point well enough at the tower when he turned his back on her. He didn't have to actively try to hurt her.

Lucien's warning gave Lord Bucksden pause. He frowned up at her as if he thought he could gauge the level of her skill by studying her face. Cassie offered him what Eliza called their nitwit expression, one that combined the batting of eyelashes over expressionless eyes while curving the mouth into a ninnyhammer's simpering smile.

It worked. The earl shot a burning look at Lucien, every line of his body saying he believed Lucien gave the warning to shake his confidence. "When shall we meet?" Lord Bucksden demanded of the master of Ryecroft Castle.

"Why now, of course," that man replied, looking every inch the congenial host. "This card game will be the perfect diversion for my guests and just as dramatic as any play, I think. If Lady Forster doesn't mind sending a man ahead to warn my household what to expect, we can all ride over together. That is agreeable to you Mrs. Marston, isn't it?"

"Of course," Cassie replied, surprised that she sounded so calm when fire filled her lungs.

Taking her sister's arm she started for the house. Lucien wasn't content to simply abandon her this time. He wanted to shove her over the edge of that awful precipice to her doom. Well, he'd tried his worst and failed. Now it was her turn to act. She intended to come out the victor over both these insufferable, conceited noblemen.





"Well, that's it. We're here," Philana announced grimly, speaking for the first time in nearly an hour as, wheels crunching, the carriage trundled past the gurgling fountain that marked the beginning of Ryecroft Castle's drive.

Once again wearing her green summer pelisse atop her day dress, Philana sat in the carriage's forward facing seat, the gray plumes on her bonnet waving in the stiff breeze. Cassie and Eliza sat across from her; they hadn't wanted to watch the men riding ahead of them.

Roland hadn't come with them, although not by choice. He'd pleaded, promising that his injury was nothing more than a scrape. But even Eliza, who was no nurse, could see he was far more gravely affected by his wound than he protested. It was Philana who finally convinced him to stay, arguing that appearing at Ryecroft Castle with a bloody arm wouldn't serve Eliza's cause. They'd left him sobbing in the drawing room.

Cassie turned on the seat and looked past the coachman's legs at the house. It wasn't that she disbelieved Philana, it was the sense of unreality that held her in its grip. She had to confirm for herself that what was happening wasn't some awful dream.

Ryecroft Castle hadn't changed in their brief absence. It was still a massive, three storey U-shaped house built of reddish stone. Grand windows, glass gleaming in the sun, marked its lower floor, even on the servants' wing. Useless crenellations marched across the house's roof line. From behind that toothy façade rose a fanciful forest of chimneys, each one different from the other. Some twisted, others looked like pots, still others spiraled like stairs. The wind swept through them, turning humdrum smoke into snapping gray pennants atop Lord Ryecroft's grand folly.

Her gaze shifted to the men riding ahead of the carriage. What a strange parade they made. Lord Bucksden led the way, he and his two servants just disappearing in between the house's twin wings. Lord Ryecroft and Lucien rode about a half dozen yards behind the bandaged earl, which meant they hadn't yet reached the outermost edge of the house. Lucien looked marvelous atop Mr. Percy's beautiful horse, far better than his more handsome cousin looked on the bulky beast he rode.

What was she doing?! Cassie wrenched around and dropped back into the carriage seat. Her lavender pelisse slipped off her lap; it was too warm to wear and, considering what she faced, she didn't care if she were dusty. She let the garment lay on the carriage floor as she carefully stoked her anger at Lucien, reminding herself of all the wrongs he'd done her. She needed it. Anger was all she had to keep anxiety at bay.

The journey here had given her plenty of time to recall the way luck had happened in that first game with Lucien. It wasn't going to happen this time. It couldn't.

The carriage entered the cavernous embrace of the house's arms. The snort of the horses repeated around them. Eliza made a tiny desperate sound.

Unlike Cassie who was too warm, Eliza huddled in her blue pelisse, clutching it close to her. On her head was Philana's spare bonnet, although it didn't look its old self. The need to be busy had plagued Eliza terribly while they'd waited for Lord Bucksden's reappearance, so she and Philana had searched Ettrick House for something to remake the bonnet. They came up with a pretty violet ribbon embroidered with pink and yellow flowers. That, and a pair of blue ribbon rosettes had replaced the bonnet's former black plumes and ribbons. The corner of Cassie's mouth twisted upward in a reluctant smile. If the end of this card game left Eliza facing her doom, then she meant to confront it in her own particular style.

Eliza made another sound. Her shoulders hunched. Her head bent.

Cassie put an arm around her sister, pulling her closer. "What is it, dearest?"

"I think I'm going to be ill," Eliza whispered and clutched her midsection.

"Didn't I warn you not to sit in that seat? It always makes me ill," Philana said sharply, then anger and tears mingled in her eyes.

Cassie sent Philana an irritable look, then stroked a hand down Eliza's back. "No you're not, darling. All will be well. You'll see," she soothed, wishing there was someone to soothe her.

This time she didn't need to work to stoke her anger. Damn all men and their exaggerated ideas of honor! Where was the honor in gambling over the possession of a woman? Rather than agree to this game, both Lucien and Lord Ryecroft should have found a way to deny Lord Bucksden's claim on Eliza.

As Cassie straightened she met Philana's gaze. Her aunt looked as angry as she felt. "You won't lose," she commanded her niece.

"Of course not," Cassie replied without hesitation, buoyed by her anger.

Far too soon the carriage stopped before the mansion's door. Lord Bucksden's disreputable-looking servants were just remounting to ride their horses back around the house to the stables. Philana descended first, making her exit from their vehicle as proudly as any queen. Cassie sent Eliza down next then followed. The butler met them inside the door, taking their outer wear and bonnets.

Lord Ryecroft's entry hall was Palladian in style, its floor and walls all creamy marble. A long bas relief panel faced the doorway, depicting men in togas around a table. Cassie hadn't yet been able to discern what it was they were supposed to be doing at that table. The ceiling two storeys overhead repeated this motif. Ovals of plaster flowers encircled more bas relief, toga-clad men, some of them at war, others studying and still more trapped forever in plaster as they lifted their hands and opened their mouths to offer the world some stunning profundity.

The hall ran the length of this part of the house, rather like a gallery. The doors that opened up off of it gave access to most of the public rooms. A footman stood at one side of the drawing room's door. Conversation echoed from the opening, reverberating oddly into the entry hall, the sibilance magnified by the marbled surfaces.

Glancing over her shoulder to see that Cassie and Eliza followed, Philana almost marched to the drawing room door. The tap-tap of her shoes and rustle of her gown filled the entry hall. Eliza and Cassie followed, joining Philana in the doorway.

The room was crowded, what with all fifty members of the party in the chamber. All the twenty odd chairs arranged in a semi-circle around the single card table at the room's center were filled. Sipping tea or something stronger served by the footmen slipping through their midst, more guests gathered in small groups behind the chairs. It made for an elegant tableau, the men in blue, brown or dark green long tailed coats and black pantaloons, the women in dresses every color of the rainbow, some solid colors, some sprigged, some striped. The matrons among them all had their heads covered with lacy caps or beribboned turbans.

As always, only two men stood out. Mr. Percy wore a vibrant green brocade waistcoat beneath a coat of deep blue while Colonel Egremont, seated next to him in the circle of chairs, proved the dandy's foil in his regimentals, his pale blue trousers with their golden stripe down the leg, his blue jacket with its scarlet trim. His golden epaulettes and cording glimmered as they caught the sunlight streaming in through the wall of French doors across the room.

Not all the people in the room were interested in the game. Eliza's friends had retreated to the settee, relocated for the moment near the piano. Three ladies, including Lord Ryecroft's young sister and Lady Barbara, occupied the seat. A pair of lads perched on its arms, while a few more hung over its back as they conversed with the ladies. Three more girls sat on the floor beside it, chatting with each other.

"May I join them?" Eliza breathed, almost pleading.

"Only if you wish me luck," Cassie whispered in return.

Eliza's giggle was quiet and desperate. "Luck, luck and more luck," she said, then, with a quivering smile to Philana, started toward her friends.

The only one in the room who paid her any heed, proof that the terms of the wager were still secret, was Lord Bucksden. He'd taken the seat at the far side of that central table, the one facing the door. He'd shed his overcoat. With his bruising, his bandaged head and his riding attire he looked out of place in the refined elegance of the room. Not so Duchess Eleanor, who stood behind him. Even though her white dress with its narrow red stripe did her complexion no favors, the garment was the perfect backdrop for her rubies.

As Lord Bucksden watched Eliza, almost consuming her with his gaze, Philana made a raging sound. "I really despise that man," she muttered, then looked at Cassie. "I'm going to make Colonel Egremont or Mr. Percy give me a chair and you will win."

That left Cassie alone in the doorway, contemplating the remaining empty chair at the card table. Its back faced the door. The other two chairs at the table were occupied by Lord Ryecroft and Lucien. Although they'd shucked their hats and gloves they looked no less out of place than Lord Bucksden in their riding attire. Their chairs were pushed far enough from the table so it was clear they weren't players.

Although she told herself not to do it, Cassie's gaze caught and clung on Lucien. His chair was pushed out and turned so its back faced the door. He sprawled in it, his arms crossed over his chest in impatience, his gaze aimed at Lord Bucksden.

She waited for anger to spike. Instead, a part of her sighed, once more admiring the curl of his sun-streaked hair against his snowy shirt collar. All too well she remembered the feel of her hands against his flesh this morning. Only this morning? It felt like forever ago.

What was she doing?! Cassie turned her gaze to where it belonged—anywhere but on Lucien—and started into the room.

"Ah, here she is at last," someone whispered, Cassie thought it might have been Squire Kerr.

Fabric rustled. The quiet thrum of conversation dropped into silence, even in the youngster's corner. A chair scraped as Colonel Egremont rose to offer Philana his seat.

Cassie's heart pounded in her ears. Lady Ross reached out to touch her sleeve, offering a reassuring squeeze and a smile before again clasping her hands at her bosom. Squire Kerr nodded, his brows lifted as if to encourage. His wife, a timid woman, gave a friendly waggle of her fingers. Another man winked, his expression conveying that, however strange this match might be, he expected her to take the day.

Cassie stopped behind her chair. Lord Ryecroft almost sprang to his feet. Lord Bucksden rose more slowly, watching her the way a hawk watches a mouse. Lucien rose last, almost reluctantly then turned to look at her.

Cassie wasn't certain if she should cry or laugh. It happened again. His presence reached out to embrace her. Despite the hurt he'd done her and her anger at him, her body still reacted to him.

Their gazes caught and held. For this moment his gray eyes were clear, untouched by any emotion. He crossed his arms then the fingers of his exposed hand moved, drawing her attention to them and his signet ring. It flashed a little as he moved it on his finger just as she'd shown him this morning.

Startled, she dropped to sit in her chair, still staring at his hand. He moved the ring again. She glanced up at him, not certain what to make of this, or if she should make anything of it at all.

His eyebrows quirked upward, but before she could read anything into that motion he dropped back into his chair, shifting once again so he sat with his shoulder to her. All she could see of his face was the rugged jut of his cheekbone and the line of his carefully sculpted sideburn where his hair didn't cover it.

Confusion tore through Cassie's carefully contrived anger then shredded her confidence. Her unwanted awareness of Lucien spiraled. Why was he doing this to her? What was he doing to her? Whispering, the house guests closed in behind her, rustling and shifting as they sought to see the table.

"Humph," said Duchess Eleanor. "I shall never understand men. As if it weren't bad enough to damage your pretty face in the boxing ring, my dear earl," she said to Lord Bucksden, laying a friendly hand on his shoulder, "now you intend to game with riffraff. At least you have an excuse, my lord. Your brains are likely addled from your injuries." She shot a raging look at Lucien, leaving Cassie wondered what he'd done to earn the duchess's wrath.

Not finished complaining, Eleanor looked at her grandnephew. "Ryecroft, I still cannot comprehend why such haste was needed in arranging a card game. It's shameful, I tell you. Men dressed for riding in a drawing room! In my day we never countenanced such a thing. Isn't that so?" she demanded of the watching ladies, most of whom were quick to nod whether or not they agreed with the duchess.

Lord Ryecroft, his dark hair wind-blown, leaned back in his chair until it balanced on two legs and smiled up at his great-aunt. "I know, darling. Very improper," he said as if commiserating. "We shall just have to muddle through and pray that this sort of situation never again arises, shan't we?"

That restored Cassie's anger. Why was Lord Ryecroft allowing this situation at all?

Eleanor shook her head in exasperation, the ruby insect pinned to her gold and red turban dancing in reaction. "Why can't we know what the wager is?" she complained. "It's hardly right that we're asked to witness this game when we're ignorant of its purpose. Then again, I suppose I shouldn't be surprised, not with that one," she did all but point like a fishwife at Cassie, "at the other end of the table."

Calculation and concern flashed through Lord Bucksden's eyes. He glanced at Lucien, the set of his shoulders saying he once more sought a trap. Then he looked up at the duchess. "Why do you say that, Your Grace?"

Eleanor lifted her chin in dismissal at the same time she aimed the weight of her irritation at Cassie. "Because everything about that commoner is improper."

Cassie almost laughed. The duchess had no idea how true her words were. Beside her, Lucien made a sound then he sat back in his chair, tilting it a little.

Lord Ryecroft leaned forward, once again moving so swiftly that he startled Cassie. He smiled and motioned to the waiting footman, who provided a deck of cards. "Well, now that we're all here, will you both agree to a partie of Piquet, winner takes all?"

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



Lord Bucksden was raging. Not that anyone but Cassie would have known it. He sat very quietly in his chair, no expression on his face. He didn't tap his fingers, his toe, or even move a ring on his finger. Instead, he blinked. Not rapidly, but slowly and with such precision that it wasn't natural. Every so often he turned his neck, still trying to escape his binding neckcloth.

"She's quite the player, isn't she," Squire Kerr said in admiration, his accent so thick it took a moment for Cassie to decipher his comment. Like many of those watching, he'd lost himself to the tension of the game, moving closer with each hand until he almost leaned over Cassie's shoulder. Hardly anyone sat in the chairs any longer, including Philana. Two hands ago she'd come to whisper her regrets in Cassie's ear, saying she needed air then left the chamber. She hadn't yet returned.

"That's an understatement," Mr. Percy offered, standing between the seated Lord Ryecroft and Colonel Egremont. The dandy grinned. "Look at her hold her own against Bucksden!"

"I did warn Lord Bucksden of her skill," Lucien said, his voice harsh and low.

That won him Lord Bucksden's first burning glance of the game. The earl instantly turned his gaze back onto the cards he shuffled. He returned to his methodical blinking.

Cassie glanced at Lucien. He hadn't moved since the partie began, but like Lord Bucksden he revealed his emotions in his body. So much tension filled the lines of his shoulders and legs that he seemed ready to explode into motion at any instant.

It was happening again, Lucien's nearness and her confusion over what she felt for him feeding her skill. She could practically read Lord Bucksden's hand through the backs of his cards, knowing almost before he did what he'd discard and what he'd keep. The edge had served her well. As they began their sixth and final hand of the partie, Cassie had a total of eighty-seven points while Lord Bucksden had accumulated only seventy-three.

Across the table the earl began to deal. Cassie bit her lip and watched her cards slide to a halt before her. She left them where they lay until the last one was dealt, then cupped her hand over them and sent a prayer heavenward, asking for a pique. That was only possible if there were cards worth a total of thirty points in this hand. The pique then doubled that score. Sixty points would give her an edge over Lord Bucksden that he could never beat.

She picked up her hand. Hope stirred. She had possibilities in clubs.

She chose her five discards, set them aside, then lay her hand atop the eight cards that made up the talon from which she would draw five to replace what she'd thrown. The sad certainty that there was nothing higher than a jack in that tiny stack flowed through her. Praying she was wrong, she took her five, looked at them, then begged for death.

Luck was happening. All she had in her hand was a quint in clubs, a series of five, and a quartorze, four queens. And she'd thrown all the defensive cards she needed to block Lord Bucksden's play. If, and that was a great if, Lord Bucksden didn't have more points than she did, the total point value of her hand was twenty-nine, one less than she needed for a pique.

Across the table Lord Bucksden held his cards close to his chest as he'd done all night. He didn't like anyone staring into his hand and the press of Lord Ryecroft's guests bothered him. He'd complained until the duchess finally demanded that Lord Ryecroft order his guests to move back from her precious earl. Even the duchess had retreated, taking a chair near his side and only daring to glance into his hand from time to time.

Whether he held his cards close to his chest or at arms' length, Cassie had no trouble reading his hand. He had spades, of that she was certain, because she had none except her queen. But how many did he have?

She waited for him to show her the answer. Confidence began to radiate from him. Its intensity told her all she didn't want to know. He had all the spades except her queen.

Then the corners of his mouth relaxed. He had better than seven spades. He had three more high cards, perhaps kings or aces, and most likely three of them. That left his last two cards small, eights or sevens.

Her heart broke into a thousand pieces. She'd lost. He had more points in his hand than she did, which meant she would gain nothing in the declaration. Then, he'd decimate her as they played. Desperate and doomed, she watched Lord Bucksden, waiting for him to set aside his two small cards, replacing them with two from the talon's remaining three cards.

Instead, he chose three to discard. Surprise tore through Cassie's despair. What was he doing? He'd broken his septieme, his series of seven. Who did that? It wasn't worth trying to draw his fourth high card for his quartorze. Nor would he get it, not in that talon.

He lifted his discards out of his hand. Eleanor peered over his shoulder to see what it was he threw even though the knowledge did her little good, not when she couldn't see what he kept in his hand. The duchess watched, hoping for a glimpse of the new cards he drew then leaned back into her chair.

Lord Bucksden stared at his hand for a moment, rearranged the cards then folded them. With his free hand he pushed away his discard pile. It was the earl's one nervous table habit, and he did it with every hand. Cassie hadn't yet discerned the meaning behind his seemingly fussy need to move his discards.

Once the cards he'd thrown were pushed to the side the earl shifted his folded cards from one hand to the other and pushed them around a bit as he reopened them. "Declarations?" he asked Cassie, looking at her from above his fanned cards. Confidence still wafted from him.

She frowned at him, undone by her own weak hand and his strange behavior. "Point of five," she said.

"Not good," he returned with a shake of his head. "Point of seven."

Cassie's breath stopped in her lungs. Stunned, all she could do was shake her head. He couldn't have a point of seven. There were only eight cards in the suit. She had one and he'd thrown away one in his discard. All he had was six.

He frowned at her. "Mrs. Marston?"

Lucien shifted in his chair to look at her. Cassie strained to make her voice work. Nothing happened. She wanted to grab Lucien by his lapels and scream about what the earl was doing. Instead, all she could do was gape at him.

As if Lucien heard the words she couldn't speak, vicious pleasure came to life in his gaze. Cassie's breath rushed back into her lungs. Lucien believed Lord Bucksden had just cheated. His confirmation of what she'd seen freed her locked tongue.

She looked back at the earl. "You can't have a point of seven," she gasped. "You threw a spade."

Her charge rang in the tense room. Someone gasped. Others began to mutter. Mr. Percy's eyes jerked wide. His hand went to his stomach as if it hurt him. Colonel Egremont's gaze narrowed in blazing anger.

Behind Lord Bucksden the duchess's face paled until she was almost as white as her dress. She pressed a hand to her breast. The earl's face could have been carved from ice.

"You're wrong," he growled, then tilted his hand away from his chest so all could see. He carefully fanned his cards so all the spades were exposed while keeping the rest of his cards tucked behind them, hidden from view. "There are seven here. Only an idiot would throw a spade when he has seven in his hand."

"I'm not wrong," Cassie insisted. "You dealt yourself seven spades then you threw the smallest one, hoping to replace it with a high card to make a quartorze."

The earl started as she revealed to him exactly what he'd done. His surprise vanished beneath rage's cloak. He roared to his feet and turned toward Lucien.

"God take you, Graceton! I knew I shouldn't have agreed to this. You set a sharp on me. These cards are marked. No more! My original wager is legitimate. It will stand!" His words thundered in the quiet room.

Lucien came to his feet, moving like a man who had to fight to control himself. Those creases reappeared at the corners of his eyes. His mouth was tight.

"Mrs. Marston isn't the sharp in this room. Every man here will attest to that. What she just did to you at this table she did to me two nights ago."

"She did, indeed," Lord Ryecroft agreed, his hands folded behind his head as he leaned back in his chair. Although his pose was casual there was a subdued tension to his form that hinted at an anger as deep as Lucien's. "More to the point, how can you accuse Lord Graceton of trapping you when it was he who warned you about Mrs. Marston's skill? No one forced you to disregard his warning," he finished with a shrug.

"Lord Graceton speaks the truth. Mrs. Marston is no sharp. We all saw that the other night," Squire Kerr seconded. Other men in the room echoed him.

"We did, indeed," called Lady Barbara as she pushed past the squire, then worked her way around the table to her mother's side.

Eliza followed Barbara, only to stop beside Cassie's chair. Desperate hope filled in her gaze. The only response Cassie could give her was to grab her hand and hold on for dear life. No cheater was going to take her sister.

Lord Bucksden's control over his expressions collapsed. He gaped openly as he was confronted by people vowing that his opponent was no sharp. Mr. Percy slammed his fist against the table.

"If Mrs. Marston says you discarded that seven, then you did it," he almost shouted, his handsome face dark. "If we're looking for sharps in this room, then I think we must look in your direction."

Cassie caught a terrified breath. She'd better be right. Mr. Percy had just risked his life on what she'd alleged.

"Do you dare!" Lord Bucksden roared, pivoting to face the younger man, his cards still in his hands. As he turned his back the duchess leaned over to take his discards.

"I do," Mr. Percy said, bowing. "Name your weapon, my lord. I am at your convenience."

Across from Cassie Eleanor held up the earl's thrown cards. There were only two, not three cards. The duchess closed her eyes and bowed her head. Barbara leaned over her shoulder, whispering. Eleanor shook her head then sent a hard-edge look at Cassie, as if she couldn't bear the thought of having to support a commoner's claim over that of a noble. She came slowly to her feet.

"And what of me, my lord? Will you call me out as well when I also name you a cheat?" she asked, her age-deepened voice cutting through the explosion of outraged comments.

Silence was immediate. It thundered in the room, louder than any sound. Lord Bucksden made a garbled sound and whirled to face his patroness.

"What nonsense is this, Your Grace?" he demanded.

"This nonsense," Eleanor snapped and tossed the two cards onto the table so they lay face upward. It was an eight and seven of diamonds. "One seems to be missing, and that one happens to be the seven of spades. I know this because I watched you as you lifted it from your hand. You palmed the card."

Colonel Egremont took a step toward the earl. "I think I shall have to beg a little of your time after you finish with Percy, my lord," he said. Gone was the soft, plain young man who'd played charades with Eliza. A capable soldier stood in his place. "I suddenly find myself thinking that this might not be the first time you've done such a thing. Indeed, I find myself remembering that game we played, the one that cost me almost a thousand pounds."

"I fear I see a trend forming, Bucksden" Lucien said, his harsh voice filled with hints of vindication and triumph. "How many more challenges will follow, my lord, as men begin to ask what happened when you sat at their card table? Tens? At least fifty."

Lord Bucksden turned a sickly green beneath his bruising. Without a word, he left the table, starting for the door. Lord Ryecroft's guests moved aside, forming a corridor so he could pass. To a one they watched his departure, their faces filled with disgust.

"Good riddance to him," Eleanor sniffed. "His mother must have slept with the stable master. No true nobleman cheats."





Eliza's grip on Cassie's hand opened. She dropped to her knees, sobbing. Cassie wanted to lean down and console her, but she lacked the will to move. Instead, she sat frozen, capable of nothing but staring at the card table's surface, at her losing hand, and forcing herself to breathe.

It was over. Eliza was safe. And, she was as well. Lord Bucksden wouldn't dare strike out at her, not after what he'd done here.

Squire Kerr lifted Eliza to her feet. "There, there, lassie," he crooned, doing what Cassie couldn't.

That freed Cassie to take her first full breath. Slowly, she turned her head to look at Lucien. He hadn't moved. He still stood with his arms crossed, but his eyes were closed. Relief radiated from him.

As she read the message from his body her understanding stabbed through her. The ice shattered. Coming to her feet, she grabbed Lucien by the arm then yanked until he turned to look at her.

His gaze met hers. Grim satisfaction filled his eyes. She read the rest of his message.

"You used me!" she cried out, anger stirring anew at him. "You and Lord Ryecroft tricked him into agreeing to this game, expecting him to cheat!"

The noise in the room died, all except for Eliza's now gentle sobs. Everyone turned to look at her. The satisfaction on Lucien's face mellowed until he was again the man who'd greeted her in their bed this morning. Then, he smiled. The movement of his mouth was filled with love for her. Cassie stared at him, anger giving way to confusion.

"We did," he agreed with a nod. "It was unfortunate but necessary, my love."

My love? That he used the endearment in front of all these people punctured Cassie's anger. The last of the tension that had sustained her over the past hours crumbled, leaving nothing but confusion. Her knees weakened.

He caught her by the arms. Emotions flicked through Lucien's gray eyes, compassion, gratitude, but behind it all was love. Love for her.

Turning her, he put his arm around her then looked at their audience. "If you will excuse us? We need a private moment," he said to the room.

The duchess made a disgusted sound, but a good number of the women laughed. A few men chuckled. As Lucien drew Cassie around the table and toward the French doors, Lord Ryecroft laughed.

"And the curtain falls," he called after them.

Cassie felt as if she walked on stilts, her pace jerky, her footing uncertain as they exited into the warm and windy day. He led her around the house's corner. It took her a moment to realize he was going to the alcove they'd used for their kiss that night. She balked.

"No, I won't go there," she cried, pulling her hand from his and backing away from him. "Nothing you do or say can change the fact that you used me to revenge yourself on Lord Bucksden. You put Eliza into danger. What if he hadn't cheated?" Terror coursed through her at how close she'd come to losing the game.

Lucien caught her face in his hands. Cassie clamped her hands around his wrists, intending to force him to release her. His thumbs brushed her cheeks. All the strength left in her hands. Sensations flowed through her in an all too potent reminder of the joy they could make between them.

His skin was warm against hers. As it always did his nearness reached out to envelop her. His gray eyes softened.

"You're right," he said, his voice gentle, "I did use you. Tit for tat. Didn't you admit to using me? As for your sister, I wouldn't have let Bucksden have her, although to keep her from him I would have had to expose that story you told me. It wasn't something I wanted to do. Now, don't nag, Cassie. My little trick worked and he'll live out his life on the Continent."

His expression softened again, once again becoming the man in her bed this morning. "Cassie, marry me."

It wasn't a request, but a command. Her head swam. It was all too confusing.

"But I thought," she started, only to let her comment fade into silence. How could she have been so wrong about him?

He smiled. "I know what you thought. You're not the only one who reads others," he said, then lowered his mouth to brush his lips across hers in a brief caress.

Cassie shivered, then pulled his hands from her face and stepped back, still holding his arms by the wrists. She collided with the statue's base. "You were so cold when we left your lodge, and when you came to Ettrick House."

Lucien laughed then stepped to close the gap between them. "Shame on you for having so little trust in your husband," he said and again brushed his mouth across hers in gentle caress.

Cassie lost herself to the sensation. Her mouth softened beneath his. He made a pleased sound and freed his hands to pull her closer. That brought her to her senses. She braced her hands on his chest, holding him away from her.

"But you weren't and aren't my husband," she told him. "How was I supposed to trust you?"

Lucien touched his lips to the spot beneath her ear. Cassie's reluctant defenses against him strained, sorely tested.

"Of course I am, was, will be your husband," he murmured against her throat. "Didn't I tell you last night that we'd been married these past six years?"

Cassie couldn't stop her laugh as he reminded her of their fantasy union. Her defenses sighed and melted, although she still craved an explanation for what had happened. She tilted her head to the side, giving him more of her neck to kiss.

"Six years, is it?" she asked.

He moved his mouth down to nuzzle at the place her throat and shoulder met. She shivered. He straightened.

"Marry me," he repeated, again commanding, not asking.

Even besieged by her emotions Cassie refused to give way before she understood all. "If you weren't disgusted by the tale of my father's wager, then why did you turn your back to me in"—she caught herself before she said our bedroom—"your lodge?"

He grimaced. "Must I explain that?"

Cassie fought her smile at his chagrin. Whatever it was that had made him turn it wasn't her or her tale. "Yes," she said, commanding him this time.

He turned her so her back was toward the alcove then step-by-step, as if they were dancing, began to move her toward it. Cassie didn't resist him this time. How could she when she wanted both the man who'd first taken her to that alcove and what Lucien intended to happen there? Her back came to rest against the alcove wall. Lucien almost leaned against her, the sensations awakening at their nearness strong enough to send Cassie's need for him spiraling.

"I'm not a man who likes to make a show of anger," he said, his expression a little guarded. "I knew Bucksden would want to hurt you after what you'd done to him and that left me wanting to howl in rage. I didn't know how to protect you. My only purpose in turning away from you was to regain my control. Before I could, your aunt came and took you away."

It was all the explanation Cassie needed. Her heart filled with him, almost aching with joy. Then the longing to once again be at his lodge, in their bed, rushed over her. She slipped her hands into his coat, resting her palms against his chest. The thick silk of his waistcoat felt rough against her skin.

"Now answer me," he demanded, once again touching kisses down the length of her neck.

She shook her head, refusing him once again. "Explain to me why you had to behave as if you didn't know me when you and Lord Ryecroft came to Ettrick House." She thought she understood, but she needed to hear him tell her and she needed to prolong this moment.

He straightened and caught her face in his hands. Amusement filled his gaze. "You intend to make me work for my answer."

Cassie gave a tiny nod, fighting her smile. She clasped her hands at his nape and pulled herself against him, teasing him. Heat flared in his eyes.

"Trust me. I have a very good reason for it," she whispered, touching her lips to his in playful kisses.

When he could bear it no longer, he kissed her, filling the caress with all the passion he'd showed her this morning. His arms slipped around her. Cassie felt his desire for her against her hips.

At last he paused. "Bucksden couldn't know there was a connection between you and me. If he had, he would never have accepted your challenge. Answer me," he insisted at a whisper.

She shook her head again then touched tiny kisses along his jaw. "But you couldn't have known I would challenge him," she breathed against his skin, wanting Lucien as much as she'd wanted him this morning.

"You're right, I didn't. I arrived too late to discuss it with you, which was my intent," he replied, his voice hoarse. "I don't know how Devanney managed to keep a straight face when you made your challenge. I had to bend behind Percy's horse so no one saw me grin. Why won't you answer me?"

Cassie shifted to touch a light kiss to his lips, withdrawing as he tried to make the meeting of their mouths more passionate. She did it again, then again, because it fed her need for him.

"Because," she said, punctuating her words with these tiny kisses, "the moment I tell you yes everything will change. You'll take me back inside and announce our engagement then my aunt will take me home. We won't be alone again until we say our vows. There'll be no kissing, and only the briefest of touches, when I find myself desperate to know what it's like when you bear my weight."

Lucien groaned. He caught her mouth with his, his arms around her tightening. This time she didn't deny him the passion of this morning. Her desire for him, glorious in its hunger, consumed her. They were both panting when Lucien broke their kiss.

Smiling, Lucien leaned his brow against her forehead. "I cannot wait to show you," he murmured.

She shifted against him, earning a gasp of pleasure from him. "This is Scotland, not England. We can marry as we please," she whispered, praying he'd accept even if the haste of their union would be unseemly. She was willing to do anything if it meant a swift return to their bed.

He slid a hand between them to trace the square neckline of her bodice against her skin. Cassie shivered, and cursed the conservative cut of her dress. He slipped his hand down until it rested atop her breast, then slid his palm over its peak. Her corset and gown didn't allow much in the way of feeling, but just the suggestion of his caress was enough to make Cassie gasp.

"Not this time," he said with a quiet laugh. "This time I think I want a grand ceremony."

"Ahem," Philana said from behind them. "Lord Graceton, this is twice today that I find you doing heavens knows what with my niece."

"No," Cassie cried, her arms tightening around Lucien, not ready to release him.

He gave a hoarse laugh. "I hope that wasn't your answer, love."

♠♣♥♦ ♦♥♣♠



"Then, I now pronounce you man and wife," said the vicar of Ettrick Village's tiny church.

Wearing a hastily constructed pale blue gown and a fine new bonnet decorated with brightly colored ribbons and orange blossoms, Cassie turned to face her husband, resting her hands on his chest. Lucien looked wondrous in his black attire, wearing the waistcoat that was the color of his eyes, his sun-streaked hair brushing his collar.

Her heart filled with love for him, the emotion so intense that tears touched her eyes. He smiled, the bend of his mouth as happy as she felt. He didn't wait for the vicar to suggest a kiss, but caught her face in his hands and took her mouth with his.

There was nothing subtle about his kiss. His need for her was enough to make her knees weak. Then again, four weeks without Lucien in her bed had been excruciatingly lonely. His nights had been no less empty, or so his lips told her.

It wasn't much of a kiss needed to seal a marriage. Theirs stretched far that point. Their witnesses began to chuckle. Lucien smiled against her lips. He retreated a bare inch.

"I need you. We go straight to my lodge," he breathed. "They can have the celebration without us."

"Yes," Cassie whispered in return, then they turned to be presented to the guests they intended to abandon.

The tiny chapel was filled. Philana, Eliza and Roland occupied the closest pew on the bride's side. Lord Ryecroft and his sister sat on the other. All of the house party's local guests filled the rest of the church, many of them applauding. The only one who was not participating in the joy was Lucien's sister. Lady Milicent Waybourne shared the same raw-boned features and gray eyes as her brother. Where they lent him a rugged handsomeness they made her look formidable and austere. Nor was she particularly happy about her brother's choice of wives, neither she nor the rest of high society. Cassie didn't care a whit, not as long as Lucien loved her.

As they stepped off the altar step, Eliza bounded forward, the first to greet them, hugging Cassie and shaking Lucien's hand. Now that Lord Bucksden's threat was only a memory she looked like the girl she was. Eliza's return to carefree innocence was premier among the many things for which Cassie was grateful to Lucien.

Roland replaced her. His arm was yet bound in a sling. He'd shed at least two stones over the past month. Although they'd had his clothing altered the garments still seemed to hang from him. Shame and gratitude filled his face as he shook Lucien's hand.

"My lord, I cannot thank you enough for what you've done for my daughters," he muttered.

Lucien had paid Roland's debts, however it had cost her father his freedom to allow Lucien to do so. Their agreement was that Roland would have a monthly allowance that if he exceeded he would lose altogether, and he'd had to release custody of Eliza to his new son-in-law. None of that bothered Roland, or so he said. He insisted he was content to live out what remained of his life even if he was alone, should Eliza find her mate.

Philana replaced him, hugging both of them. Tears clung to her lashes. "I knew I was right," she said her trembling voice filled with vindication.

"So you were," Lucien said, putting his arm around Cassie. His fingers slid provocatively against her hip. She bit back a laugh.

Philana's eyes narrowed. "You will be at Ettrick House in a few moments, won't you?" she demanded. Philana had insisted on hosting a celebration to lend a little glamour to their hasty exchange of vows.

"But of course," Lucien lied. Cassie hid her laugh behind her hand.

Lord Ryecroft took Philana's place, pleasure radiating from him. He embraced his cousin. "Much better choice this time, Hollier," he said in approval then he took Cassie's hands.

"There is but one thing certain between us, my lady. I will never play cards with you," he said, his smile taunting. "Everything else is up to question."

Lucien huffed. "Find your own interesting woman to marry, Devanney. This one's mine. Touch her at your peril." There was nothing but amusement in his tone.

Lord Ryecroft backed away from them, his hands lifted as if to protest his innocence.

After the license was signed and the cake distributed, Lucien and Cassie left the church, stepping out into a glorious September day. It was as if God Himself had wanted to honor their wedding. The breeze, bearing a hint of coolness in its warmth, the promise of winter's coming, made Cassie's ribbons flutter. Wood pigeons strutted across the church yard, pecking at the gravel. A corbie cawed from the tall tree beside the church. The horses harnessed to the flower-bedecked phaeton, borrowed from Lord Ryecroft, flicked their tales and stamped.

Their wedding guests followed. Mr. Percy, resplendent in his pink and green striped waistcoat shouted his congratulations. Squire Kerr and his wife threw rice along with Lady Ross and her mate. Maggie and Jamie applauded with all their might.

Ducking her head to avoid the grains, a laughing Cassie let Lucien lead her through their ranks to the phaeton. He helped her into the vehicle, then mounted beside her and took the reins as Eliza bounded up to the vehicle's side.

"You'll likely be there ahead of us," she said, grinning then turned to hurry back to Philana. Except for Lady Waybourne and Lord Ryecroft, the rest of the party meant to walk the short distance back to Ettrick House.

Once more wearing his hat and gloves Lucien flicked the reins and set the phaeton into motion. Then, reaching out, he patted Cassie's abdomen. "You're safe now, my son. You'll have a father and a name," he said, speaking to the child Cassie believed she carried. According to Philana she had all the signs, although how Philana, who'd never borne a child, would know this was beyond Cassie.

"What if there is no child?" Cassie murmured, fighting her laughter. She already knew what Lucien's answer would be.

"Then I say it's well past time that we get to the business of making one," he said, lifting a brow. Putting his arm around her, he pulled her close to him. She turned her face up to him. His kiss was both filled with awe and desire.

"How can I love you so much?" she asked him.

"It is amazing how much we love each other," he agreed with a quiet laugh. "Six years married and still newlyweds. Now, if we don't reach my lodge in the next fifteen minutes, I vow I'll expire from wanting you."

With the snap of the reins he urged the horses to their pace.





I wish I could tell you I was seduced out of the Middle Ages by the Regency Era. I can't. I really mean it when I say the time frame is just too modern for me. That said, I must admit to really liking these two characters. Even better, they're story takes place in one of the most beautiful and desolate landscape I've ever seen. The border area between Scotland and England has been a place of dissension for eons, probably starting long before the ice bridge between England and the Continent thawed. Why did Hadrian build that wall of his? Because it slows down the inhabitants from either side of the wall as they carry stolen cattle, property and, yes, women, back to their own side of the border. Of course, if we hadn't had the border folk we would have some wonderful words, like blackmail, or games, like rugby. Lucien's lodge, the pele tower, is an actual style of home for the area. The way the hills fold behind his home is referred to as a "beef-tub", which is essentially a hidden place where the denizens who did manage to carry cattle over Hadrian's wall stashed their stolen beef. And, the abbey Devanney's house party goes off to visit is based on the lyrical ruins of Melrose Abbey.



So, for what it's worth I hope you've enjoyed my stab at a Regency Era romance. If you liked this book, and I suppose even if you didn't, consider leaving a review or "Like-ing" it. . Thanks for trying it! If you liked this whole set of books, please considering leaving a review for all three.





By the way, I'll note here that I am title defective. For the first five books, my fabulous stepdaughter Amberly Neese came up with the original and very clever idea of using the seasons, and the publisher ran with it. Beyond that, well, I count on the kindness of editors and others.

If you want to keep up with me or send me a note, please feel free to email me at denise@denisedomning.com or visit my website at DeniseDomning.com where you can read the old entries on my blog. I've stopped blogging now that I'm writing again. However, my husband and I are definitely still living a life that mangles the old "Green Acres" TV series with the book Under the Tuscan Sun.



Wish me luck (I'll need it) and happy reading!





Honor's Player



Copyright © 1988, 2013 by Holly Thompson



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, names, incidents, organizations, and dialogue in this novel are either the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Cover design by ADK Designs





Your honor’s players, hearing your amendment,

Are come to play a pleasant comedy:

For so your doctors hold it very meet,

Seeing too much sadness hath congealed your blood,

And melancholy is the nurse of frenzy:

Therefore they thought it good you hear a play

And frame your mind to mirth and merriment,

Which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life.



—Act 1, Scene 2 The Taming of the Shrew, William Shakespeare





Gentlemen, content ye; I am resolved.

—Act I, Scene 4



The Honorable Viscount St. Ryne was in a foul mood. As he crossed the sidewalk to ascend the steps before his club in St. James’s, he glared balefully at fellow members seated at their leisure by the bow window embrasure overlooking the entrance, deriving cynical enjoyment from the unwritten rule dictated by Beau Brummell during his heyday that no member may recognize anyone walking in the street below. On entering he barely nodded to the porter, surprising that worthy for the Viscount could always be counted upon for good word. Of course it had been nigh on a year by his reckoning since his lordship had last crossed that threshold, he conceded as he consigned his lordship’s high-crowned beaver and greatcoat to a waiting footman. He shook his head sadly as he watched St. Ryne mount the stairs. In his experience dealing with the town bucks that frequented the club, such pronounced change in a gentleman could only be engendered by one of two things, money or a woman. He wondered what his lordship’s particular demon was.

St. Ryne continued up the stairs, oblivious to the speculation he aroused. Attaining the first floor landing, he started for the book room with long purposeful strides, checked, then swung back toward the card room. After ordering a bottle of port from a hovering waiter, he sank into a winged armchair in the far corner away from the general activity. Crossing one gleaming Hessian boot across the other, he leaned back in the chair and surveyed his surroundings. A few who chanced to see him raised a hand in greeting and would have come to his side had he deigned to recognize them. His thoughts were black and turned inward, and it was sometime before he could even assimilate his own presence in his favorite haunt.

He was still scowling when some moments later the waiter returned with his requested bottle of port and a cut crystal wineglass on a silver salver. An absent flick of his wrist dismissed the waiter as St. Ryne stared broodingly about the room, slowly willing the sharp claws of depression to release their hold. Though he had been away for nearly a year, nothing seemed to have changed. He wondered why he’d thought it would. Twirling the stem of his goblet idly between long, well-manicured fingers, he noted Farley in attendance with a new lamb for the fleecing and old Mannion already in his cups. His lips curling, St. Ryne silently saluted the latter with his wineglass. Sardonically, he thought in a short time he would be joining that worshiper of Bacchus. After the scene he had been through that day, it would be a blessed release. The Countess of Seaverness was a strong-willed woman; however, so was her son, a fact the Countess continually failed to understand. He acknowledged that his mother’s position as eldest in a numerous family had predisposed her to a domineering manner; however, he’d be damned if he was going to dance merrily to her piping. At thirty he was conscious of what was due his position despite his mother’s fears to the contrary.

St. Ryne shook his head, causing one dark lock to fall and curl across his brow. Taking a sip of port, he continued his perusal of the room. His brooding frown lifted slightly when he spied Freddy Shiperton. Freddy was a sad rattle yet just the sort to divert his mind. The Viscount’s frown descended again momentarily when he noted his companions. Freddy was in attendance with Carlton Tretherford, a veritable old rug merchant to St. Ryne’s mind, and Sir James Rudger Branstoke. St. Ryne did not know Branstoke all that well, though the man’s airs were decidedly too languid, certainly at odds with his Corinthian appearance. Those two men were not good company for Freddy, and it appeared they were embroiled in some altercation. Odd, for Freddy was one of the most likeable young bucks in town, hardly one for any disagreement. St. Ryne had known him all his life for their family estates in Wiltshire marched upon one another.

From his shadowed corner the Viscount watched them for a bit. Finally his curiosity overcame him, and he rose to saunter over to the mismatched party.

“No sense cutting each other up over La Belle Helene if none of us has access to her,” Freddy was saying affably, rocking back on his heels. Ever the town tulip, he was resplendent in yellow pantaloons and bottle-green coat, his guinea-gold hair waved back off his narrow countenance.

Branstoke sighed. “Well, we must work together to effect one thing in all events,” he said, removing a small gold-enameled snuffbox from his vest pocket, flicking it open with a practiced one-handed motion and delicately taking a pinch of its contents.

“What’s that?” Tretherford asked querulously, his ruddy face beginning to take on a choleric hue as the Viscount joined the group.

“Justin!” Freddy exclaimed, breaking in before Branstoke could speak. Grinning broadly, he pumped St. Ryne’s hand vigorously, oblivious to Tretherford’s scowls at the interruption.

“Well met, Freddy,” St. Ryne said smiling warmly in return, at last banishing the black thundercloud that had so captured his features. Freddy was just the nostrum needed to restore his spirits. He turned to Freddy’s companions, inclining his head slightly. “Servant, Tretherford, Branstoke.”

“When did you return, St. Ryne? I heard you were in the Caribbean somewhere,” Branstoke drawled as he gave St. Ryne two fingers.

“I was, in Jamaica to be exact. Been in the country a sennight.”

“Mother wrote to say she saw you at Harth. I was wondering when you’d make it to town. Or should I say, wondering when you could get away?” Freddy amended jovially, clapping him on the back.

“Drove in this afternoon. I am not interrupting a private conversation?” he asked, his eyebrows arching quizzically.

“Nonsense,” Freddy assured, still grinning. “We were merely bemoaning a common problem.” He shook his head dolefully, leaning his lanky body against an empty green baize table, crossing his ankles.

“Oh?” St. Ryne inquired politely as he looked around the small group.

“You’ve been away a bit, so daresay you’ve never met Lord George Monweithe, the Earl of Rasthough. He lived pretty much in the country until last season.”

“Monweithe—Monweithe, the name’s familiar. I believe he’s an old hunting crony of my father’s. Has a place out in Devon, I think.”

“Ay! That’s the one,” Freddy said eagerly, straightening up. “He also has an angel personified for a daughter, La Belle Helene.”

“Ah,” St. Ryne acknowledged, sneering slightly.

“The sweetest, gentlest lady one could ever hope to meet,” Freddy went on, sighing.

“And one of Lucifer’s angels for an eldest daughter,” Branstoke observed drily.

“Indeed?” St. Ryne said, raising his wineglass to his lips.

“Yes. And old Monweithe has decreed no one may court Helene until Elizabeth, the elder, is wed,” Freddy moaned, his face falling.

Thinking at once of The Taming of the Shrew, one of the few Shakespearean plays he had enjoyed, St. Ryne was intrigued. He cocked an eyebrow and said, “I didn’t realize Monweithe was of a theatrical bent.”

“What? No, he ain’t, sporting man, rides to the hounds,” Tretherford said irritably, raking a knobby hand through his stringy hair. He turned to eye Branstoke. “You was saying we should do something and you had an idea. I’d like to hear it,” he said, shifting from one foot to the other.

Branstoke regarded Tretherford’s hopeful visage through hooded eyes, a sneering smile curling his thin lips. “It’s very simple, my good man. We need to find a husband for her sister.”

“Bah, I thought you had an idea,” Tretherford scoffed, his hopes dashed. He turned to stump back and forth between the tables. “What we’d need is a devil. Monweithe may be rolling in the ready and given her a handsome dowry, but I ask you, is any man fool enough to be married to Hell?”

Branstoke shrugged. “We may not be, but there are gentlemen around who would take her with all her faults for a dowry like that at her back.”

Tretherford snorted. “I’d as lief take her dowry with the condition I be horsewhipped every day!”

St. Ryne, who had been listening to the conversation as he sipped his wine, took a sharp intake of breath at hearing Tretherford’s comment and started to choke. The Taming of the Shrew complete to the characters and lines! It was outside of enough for the Earl of Rasthough to set his daughters up as Katharine and Bianca, but to hear Tretherford and Branstoke mouth words akin to Gremio and Hortensio was outside of enough!

Freddy thumped him heartily on the back. “Easy, Justin ol’ boy.”

Branstoke appeared mildly amused and looked speculatively at St. Ryne as he brushed a speck of lint from his coat of blue superfine.

“Thank you, Freddy. I’m all right now. I merely was reminded of a line from Shakespeare.”

“Shakespeare! In the middle of the afternoon?” Tretherford exclaimed sourly. “I always said too much sun was harmful.”

Freddy sputtered indignantly at the implied slur; however, St. Ryne laid a staying hand on his friend’s arm and laughed thinly. Inwardly he seethed, wondering at the vagaries of society that permitted such nodcocks as Tretherford to retain their place in the Bon Ton over a person whose hands may have been dirtied by trade but who bore better social graces.

“You may be right, perhaps my brain is still a bit addled from the hot Jamaican sun. One can only hope the fresh air of England may bring me to my senses,” he conceded, bowing slightly to Tretherford. “Come Freddy, join me in a hand. If you gentlemen would excuse us—” He took Freddy’s arm to lead him away.

“Justin, how can you swallow Tretherford’s insult? I’d have called him out in an instant!”

“And after you had killed the noddy, you would be forced to flee the country and live in exile. No thank you, Freddy. I have just spent a year out of England and am devilishly glad to have returned.”

“I concede all that. But, still, Justin—”

“Really Freddy, Tretherford is not good ton and not worthy of consideration. However did he become a member?” he asked as they crossed the room.

“Cousin of the Marquis of Alwinly, I believe, and he’s such a nice fellow no one questioned him. Think the marchioness pushed him to it, nasty woman that. Tretherford’s some cousin or other.”

“Hmm, that explains it,” St. Ryne declared, sitting down and gesturing to Freddy to join him. “But tell me more about Monweithe and his two daughters. I admit I am intrigued.” He signaled for the waiter to bring another glass, and then turned again to Freddy.

“Not much to say,” Freddy said. “He introduced the two at the beginning of the season and La Belle Helene has been the jewel of my heart ever since. Would you believe it? I’ve taken to writing poetry about her; she has that kind of an effect on a fellow. ”

“What about the other,” St. Ryne asked as he poured a glass of port for Freddy, “I think you called her Elizabeth?” He glanced up briefly. “Is she ill-favored?”

Freddy scowled, creating deep furrows in his fair forehead. “Not in looks, quite lovely I guess, if you like ’em dark. Though she don’t do much to fix herself up. Got the strangest eyes in a female though. Kind of gold like,” he mused, “and when she gets her temper up, they’re like fire to sear a fellow’s soul.”

St. Ryne laughed shortly. “You have indeed turned poetic. If she is not plain or ugly, what would you call her?” he asked with studied casualness, setting his wineglass down on a small octagonal table between them. “A shrew perhaps?”

Freddy slapped his knee delightedly. “Stab me, that’s it exactly,” he said eagerly. “The Shrew of London, that’s what they call her!”

“Tell me, since my curiosity is aroused, how might I meet this termagant?” St. Ryne asked, leaning back negligently in his chair. His eyes glinted through the lashes of his lazily hooded eyes, and a small smile tugged at his lips.

“Meet her? Stab me why you’d want to do that. All the fellows make a practice to steer clear of that one!”

“But I am not all the fellows and, as your-ah-friend pointed out, I have been out of the country for a good while in a climate that does not leave one with a well-ordered mind,” St. Ryne reminded him softly, a smile ghosting his lips.

Freddy shook his head. “You don’t know what you’d be getting yourself into.”

“Leave that to me.”

Freddy fidgeted in his chair. “All right. She’ll probably be at Amblethorp's rout tonight. Her father makes her go everywhere with Helene, though they don’t care for each other much. Not that Helene would ever say anything.” He sighed. “She’s so good.”

“Undoubtedly,” St. Ryne murmured leaning back in his chair, his hands forming a steeple of his fingers as he gazed off into the distance. The germ of an idea grew in his mind. It would enable him to fulfill his familial obligations and put a spoke in his mother’s wheel. Across the room Branstoke was motioning to the waiter and a small crowd had gathered around him. Young Stanley came running up to Freddy, his round cheeks flushed and his eyes glinting with excitement.

“Freddy! Freddy! Branstoke’s called for the betting book! He’s betting 1,000 pounds that Elizabeth Monweithe will be wed before the year is out! Tretherford, Farley, and the others are all taking him up on it! Come on!”

Freddy jumped out of his chair. “What? Egad, what manner of whimsy is this? The fellow’s gone mad!” he cried as he hurried after Stanley.

St. Ryne raised an eyebrow, a sardonic smile curling his lips as he looked toward Branstoke. That gentleman noted his attention and bowed slightly in his direction before he was recalled to those clustered about him. So, it appeared one Sir James Rudger Branstoke was a sapient gentleman behind his languid airs, St. Ryne thought grimly. Did he hope to flush out a Petruchio to do them service? Mayhap it behooved him to cultivate his acquaintance. He lightly drummed his fingertips on the arm of the chair for a moment then rose leisurely and, picking up his wineglass, sauntered toward the boisterous crowd surrounding Branstoke, all clamoring to bet against him with rude jests flying at the Lady Elizabeth’s expense. He frowned for a moment.

“St. Ryne?” someone called out, “What about you? How do you bet?”

His brow cleared and he smiled laconically. “Why, I agree with Sir James,” he said, saluting that gentleman with his glass. “She will be wed before the year is out.”

“Justin!” Freddy exclaimed, grabbing his coat sleeve. "You don’t even know her yet. How can you bet? Best not do so till you see what I’ve been telling you is true.”

St. Ryne gently removed himself from Freddy’s clasp. “Call it a sporting bet or intuition if you will,” he suggested. Bending over, he signed his name with a flourish, fleetingly considering that signing Petruchio would be more apropos. When he finished, he glanced up to find Branstoke regarding him closely, a slight smile playing upon his lips. Meeting St. Ryne’s eyes, Branstoke raised his wineglass in a salute.

“To Kate,” he said softly.

Justin Harth, the Viscount St. Ryne, met his gaze steadily as he tossed off the remainder of his glass of wine.





Katharine the curst!

A title for a maid of all titles the worst

—Act I, Scene 4



It was some two hours later, as the gray autumn dusk gave way to night, that the Viscount St. Ryne entered his house on Upper Brook Street, shaking fine raindrops off his multi-caped greatcoat and from the brim of his high crowned beaver. Handing the articles over to a waiting footman, he turned to his butler standing silently by the staircase, awaiting his lordship’s pleasure.

“Predmore, see that a fire is laid in the library. It is a damned cold night, and I vow I’m chilled to the bone.” Rubbing his hands together, he strode over to the silver tray on the table in the hall where the accumulated mail of several days lay.

Predmore motioned with the bare lift of his hand to a footman who immediately trotted down the hall to the nether reaches of the house for a coal scuttle while St. Ryne looked down at the pile of envelopes and smirked. Even though it was only the beginning of the little season, society was quick to note the return of a prodigal son with deep pockets. With a satisfied smile he discovered a heavy cream bond envelope bearing the Amblethorp crest. Picking that one up and ignoring the rest, he walked toward his library. Predmore opened the double doors. “Ask Cook to prepare a light repast,” St. Ryne said, pausing in the doorway, “and have it brought to me in here.” He tapped the envelope against his hand thoughtfully for a moment then continued into the room. The doors closed soundlessly behind him.

When the footman left after kindling a roaring blaze in the hearth and lighting branches of candles around the room, St. Ryne began prowling his shelves searching for one slim volume he knew to be there. It was, on a lower shelf next to a Prussian history. Smiling sardonically, he drew it out, his fingers smudging a fine layer of dust on the spine. He scowled as he saw the dust on the book and noted the condition on all the shelves. Absently he drew out a handkerchief to wipe the book and then his hands clean. Obviously he had been away too long or had been too lax.

Taking the slim volume in hand, he walked over to a large mahogany desk dominating the room. He pulled out paper, fresh quills, and ink from a drawer in the top, setting them on the gleaming dark surface. Opening the small book before him, he began to read, his quill dipping occasionally into the ink as from time to time he made note of passages. Smiles came and went, sometimes widening into a grin or erupting into a short bark of laughter.

A little more than an hour later his butler entered and quietly set a small table by the fireplace. St. Ryne ignored him until he’d finished, stood aside, and cleared his throat respectfully.

“Thank you, Predmore,” he acknowledged, his eyes intent on the lines before him. “Be so kind as to have Cranston lay out my evening dress.”

“Yes, my lord.”

“That is all. No, wait,” St. Ryne said, glancing up briefly as that worthy turned to leave. “There is dust on top of my books.”

Predmore blanched. “My apologies, my lord. It will be attended to.”

The Viscount nodded absently and resumed his writing. “You may go.”

Predmore bowed and left the room to search for Mr. Cranston, milord’s valet, and afterward to have a few choice words with a certain footman whose duties included maintaining milord’s library. Predmore had been with St. Ryne for nine years, ever since the young man had set himself up in London, much to the Countess’s annoyance. Predmore enjoyed working for his lordship but knew he brooked no difference for the rules he set.

As heir to the Earldom of Seaverness, St Ryne had been immediately feted and courted when he came to London. Too much so, to Predmore’s mind. He’d witnessed an open and curious young man with a ready wit and dry humor slowly jaded by a fawning society. The cynical man who remained drifted seemingly untouchable. His one refuge, his library, which if he so chose, was inviolate to the outside world, off limits even to his mother, the formidable Countess of Seaverness. She, to give her her due, respected his independence, if only for a short while.

Predmore shook his head as he mounted the stairs. It did not appear his lordship’s sojourn to the heathen lands had been auspicious. He, at least, he decided righteously, could be certain the Viscount would find nothing further to disturb his comforts at home.

Sometime later, the Viscount St. Ryne sat sprawled in a large dark blue wing chair by the fire, the substantial remains of the stuffed game hen offered by his household to tempt his appetite pushed negligently away from the place set before him. He idly twirled his wineglass between strong tapering fingers. He gazed with heavily lidded eyes out the window of his library into the street below. It was dark and the wind was driving rain against the glass. There was little activity besides the occasional closely shuttered carriage with wildly swinging lanterns and hunched coachmen. The Viscount scarcely noticed the rain and wind; he was lost in his own brooding thoughts and stared unseeing at the vista before him.

Dressed soberly in a chocolate-brown jacket and dove pantaloons, someone passing him by when he walked in town might mistake him for a clerk unless they chanced to glance at his face or note his bearing. No clerk ever strode with such arrogance and pride in every step. His visage was not remarkable; he was neither excessively handsome nor ill-favored. His expression was arresting, however, and if one happened to be favored with a smile, one would note how it lit his face and how his eyes danced with some secret mirth. In form he was of average height and weight. This did not dissuade the dandies from envying him, for his coats needed none of the padding currently in vogue to minimize physical shortcomings. The Viscount’s hair was disheveled, though not due to the careful artifice of the windswept look currently popular with young aspirants to fashion. A couple of dark locks fell forward to curl over his brow and catch the light from the tall candelabrum at his elbow. His arresting features were now marred by a pronounced scowl that drew his thick brown brows together creating deep furrows in his forehead and turning down the corners of his mouth.

Back only a sennight after a year away, and already his mother was haranguing him to choose a bride. It had been her efforts to put one or another of her new protégées before him as perspective brides that had driven him away. That, and the ceaseless fawning he received from debutantes and matchmaking mothers. He should have realized his return would herald renewed activity on the Countess’s part, particularly as she was flush with success from marrying off his cousins last season. She now considered herself a triumphant matchmaker. Thankfully his parents were leaving within the week for a protracted stay in Paris, and not scheduled to return until the holidays. At that time, no doubt, she would fill the estate with nubile eligibles and expect him to do the pretty.

As the wealthy heir to the Earl of Seaverness, he was considered a catch on the marriage market. He dragged his hand through his thick dark hair. Tired of false attentions, he often idly thought it preferable to choose for a wife a woman who did not consider him as a prospective bridegroom, one who in fact disliked him and whom he could woo to favor. He sank deeper into his chair as he sipped his wine. He knew he was at heart a romantic, a trait he was almost ashamed of and hid behind a cynical front.

St. Ryne glanced toward his desk where lay the book he had been reading along with the notes he’d taken. He smiled wryly, and wondered what his mother’s reaction would be to his chosen bride, for that afternoon at Whites he had decided he would marry Elizabeth Monweithe. He laughed out loud when he realized he had not yet met the woman. It was best that he settle with her rather than one of the whey-faced young paragons of virtue his mother found suitable for the position of Countess of Seaverness. He tossed off the last of the wine and rising from his chair, gathered the book and papers from the desk. Atop them all he placed the cream-colored invitation to the Amblethorp rout. Still chuckling to himself, he left the library to change for the evening’s entertainment.

It was late, after eleven o’clock before St. Ryne arrived at Lady Amblethorp's. Inasmuch as the receiving line in the hall before the ballroom had long since dispersed, his entrance went unheralded—to his great relief. Pulling on the sleeves of his evening coat, he found himself glancing into a pier glass between tall windows in the ornate rococo styled hall. Now, as the play was about to unfold in earnest, he wondered at his audacity. Sir James Branstoke had given impetus to this wild idea by his bet. For his own part, he knew he could do no worse. He smiled grimly at his reflection before turning toward the ballroom. The die was cast, he thought, walking forward.

Stopping at the ballroom doorway, St. Ryne glanced around. He grimaced at the hothouse effect Lady Amblethorp made of the room; flowers, probably the last of summer’s bounty, were everywhere and the room, already quite warm and denied by the rain the respite of doors opened onto the terrace, was heavy with a floral scent. To the right he noted a crowd of gentlemen around a honey-haired beauty. Recognizing a few of her entourage, St. Ryne concluded she must be La Belle Helene. Descending the steps into the room, he moved toward the beauty and her entourage. If Freddy was correct, the shrew would not be far away.

He made his way slowly, stopping to talk with various acquaintances, most of whom he had not seen since his return. Lady Amblethorp scurried forward with one of her daughters.

“Viscount St. Ryne! We are honored by your appearance. Isn’t this the first social function that has been graced with your presence since your return?” she cooed. Inwardly crowing at her success in snaring that parti, she gleefully thought of a few hostesses she would enjoy advising of his lordship’s attendance.

St. Ryne murmured all the proper phrases: delighted himself; yes, this was the first; and Lady Amblethorp was an accomplished hostess.

Lady Amblethorp smiled delightedly, tapping him playfully on his arm while the puce plume in her turban swayed wildly. “But please, though you’ve known her since she was a child, let me officially present you to my third daughter, Janine, who made her debut while you were out of the country,” she enthused, pulling her shy youngest daughter forward.

St. Ryne grimaced at Lady Amblethorp’s flirtatious forwardness, gauche in any woman, let alone a woman of her years. As the poor girl couldn’t help her parents, however, he turned to smile at Janine. “I didn’t realize, Miss Amblethorp, this was to be your year. Sometime you must tell me how you have enjoyed your first season,” he said smoothly. Then, before her mother could interrupt, “As I told Lady Amblethorp, this is my first function since my return, and I am delighted to see so many familiar faces. If you’ll excuse me, I must continue my reacquaintance.” Bowing low to the Amblethorp ladies, he turned to continue toward his goal; thankful to have made his escape without having to stand up with the young debutante and knowing he left behind a pleased yet exasperated Lady Amblethorp.

“Adroit, as usual,” a dry voice at his side murmured in the wake of a rustle of silk and a waft of French Musk perfume.

“Sally! Your humble servant.” St. Ryne bowed to Lady Sally Jersey. As one of the vaunted patronesses of Almack’s, there was not much going on in town she missed. It was on his tongue to inquire of his prey, desiring a woman’s summation on the situation, but her nickname of Silence—for everything she was not—gave him pause.

“And you are an impertinent pup!” she said rapping his hand with her fan. “Sally indeed.”

“A thousand pardons,” St. Ryne raised her hand to kiss it. “I have been told I received a surfeit of sun on my trip to Jamaica, and it has left me with an addled mind,” he explained lightly.

Lady Jersey pulled her hand away quickly though a little smile lifted the corners of her thin aristocratic lips. “Trip! A euphemism for escape. I know. But who trifled with his health by that remark?”

He laughed. “The day of the duel for such stupidity is past. I’ll save that for the young bucks and old goats. If you must know, and I can tell by that gleam in your eye you’ll have it out of me, it was Carlton Tretherford.”

“Bah!” she snorted, waving her arm in dismissal. “The man has more hair than wit. That’s one randy old goat who thinks to stay amongst the bucks. Look at him over there after this year’s jewel of the Marriage Mart.”

“La Belle Helene.”

She eyed him shrewdly. “Do you seek to join the ranks?” she asked, slowly unfurling her fan and waving it languidly before her.

“Acquit me, madam. I choose more sprightly game.”

Lady Jersey laughed. “You would or else you'd have one of Lady Alicia’s protégés. Do you have someone in mind?” she asked archly.

He merely smiled.

“Oh! I know you’ll not say and I’m wasting my breath ask.” She closed her fan with a snap. “Be off, you arrogant jackanapes,” she commanded petulantly.

St. Ryne bowed again, leaving an amused and exasperated Lady Jersey staring after him.

He had almost made his way to La Belle Helene and her tail when out of the corner of his eye he saw the older girl. She was standing between a pillar and a tall vase filled with large white roses. He recognized her immediately from Freddy’s description but was surprised she did not appear the glittering shrew of his imagination. She was dressed all white in a ridiculously childish muslin gown trimmed with pink rosettes. By its appearance it was a gown more suited to her sister. Lady Elizabeth would appear to better advantage in dark, vibrant colors. She was turned toward her sister’s coterie, her face related, almost devoid of all expression, yet St. Ryne felt sure he noted an odd trace of sadness in the fine set of her mouth and the expression of her golden eyes fringed with coal-dark lashes. He knew then she was not one of Lucifer’s angels as Branstoke had described her; more like a lost and confused child lashing out to protect herself, her temper giving her the strength not to shatter into a thousand pieces. Child? Nay, young woman for that was not the figure of a child, he thought, looking her over with a practiced eye.

Coming up on Freddy Shiperton, St. Ryne hooked his arm in his.

“Oh, there you are. Wondering if you’d show. Shocking squeeze, you know,” Freddy said over his shoulder, his eyes never leaving the object of his adoration.

St. Ryne objectively studied Lady Helene Monweithe for a moment. He granted she was a diamond of the first water and deserving the sobriquet La Belle; yet every season saw another more lustrous than the last. These jewels had never engendered interest by him in all his years on the town. It was as if in having beauty, they suffered some deficit of character, and whereas character lasts while beauty fades, he’d come to value its coin above beauty. He was amused to note that like the jewels before her, she had the requisite harridan by her side.

“Who’s the chaperone?” he asked Freddy, pulling him out of his worshipful reverie.

“Huh? Oh, Lady Romella Wisgart, her mama’s sister. A very starchy sort.”

“She seems to favor Tretherford,” St. Ryne observed, watching a small by-play of words and smiles.

Freddy snorted. “Tretherford’s a toady, though I think Lady Wisgart’s got her eye on him for herself.”

“That seems apropos,” St. Ryne murmured.

“Ain’t it just,” Freddy agreed, rocking back on his heels, grinning from ear to ear.

Dismissing the play before him from his mind, St. Ryne looked about for the woman he presumed to be Lady Elizabeth. She continued to stand by the vase, as still as a statue, her eyes wide.

“Freddy,” St. Ryne said softly, dragging him away from La Belle Helene, “is that young woman standing there Lady Elizabeth Monweithe?”

Freddy looked in the direction St. Ryne indicated and shuddered slightly.

“Yes, but do come over here and I’ll introduce you to the sweetest woman in the world.”

St. Ryne looked at the group surrounding Freddy’s paragon with a jaundiced eye then shook his head. “I’d rather meet Lady Elizabeth.”

“Not by me!” Freddy said, shaking his head and backing up a step. “I don’t go near that hellcat!”

St. Ryne’s face became dark and shuttered as he raised a mocking eyebrow at his friend. Without a word he bowed stiffly and turned on his heel to walk away, leaving behind a bewildered Freddy.

Sir James Branstoke, standing a step apart from those surrounding the sought after beauty, noted the exchange through his raised quizzing glass and smiled. He watched St. Ryne make his way to the punch table, procure two glasses, and turn to approach the shrew. He rubbed the rim of his quizzing glass thoughtfully against his cheek, and then turned to the crowd surrounding La Belle. As entertaining as the Viscount may be, he did have other sport, particularly as it appeared the Viscount was determined to take up the bet and spoil the game. It was as well. He stood to win a hefty sum of money and only lose a dalliance. But for the nonce, the dalliance would suffice. He smiled and held out his hand to Lady Helene. Her eyelashes fluttered down as she placed her hand demurely in his. A murmured uproar rose from her coterie at such effrontery.

St. Ryne stood behind the screen of white roses and studied the profile of his chosen wife. The messages his eyes were receiving warred with his knowledge of Lady Elizabeth Monweithe. This fragile, delicate woman must draw her strength from her shrewishness, he decided. That was a strength he wanted to see and tap. He found within himself a desire to rouse the golden fire in her eyes of which Freddy spoke so eloquently and discover if they would sear his soul. He approached her silently.

“Excuse me, my lady, but I have brought you a glass of punch. I thought it thirsty work to be standing alone in a corner,” he said softly in her ear.

Lady Elizabeth Monweithe turned toward him, startled. No one other than her father, aunt, or sister dared approach her at an affair. Bright color flew up to stain her cheeks. She stood speechless as she gathered her wits and continued to stare at the stranger standing before her. He was tall with strong unforgettable features, yet she had no idea who he could be. In the sea of brightly colored fish, he stood out for his austerity of attire. Though no one talked to her she was a constant watcher of society, liking the obscureness of her side-stage existence. She thought she knew by sight every member of society. It occurred to her he might be a younger son recently sold out of the military. She did not know how she should treat him or, indeed, how or what he may know of her.

The Viscount smiled at the startled expression on her face, placed the punch cup in her automatically outstretched hand and continued: “I know we have not been properly introduced, and therefore it is the height of impertinence for me to approach you, but I had a problem. No one would approach you to avail me of the introduction I so devoutly desired. I was in a quandary; however, as such dictates of society bore me, I felt, my lady, at least your reputation would save us from interruption.” He smiled broadly as he watched the gathering storm of emotions play upon her face and saw the fires Freddy mentioned light her eyes.

Egad but she's beautiful! He thought as he studied her high color. Perhaps he should be careful how he played his role. Still, Petruchio won the day with abrasive handling of his Kate. Once begun, he would go on.

Swiftly a shuttered expression descended over Lady Elizabeth’s face. “You pompous, conceited, braying ass!” she ground out. Inwardly she mourned. For a moment she had loped he knew nothing of her wretched reputation. It was all too clear he was aware of the on-dits and was indeed one to take up the knife and twist it further. “How dare you approach me! You are correct when you say it is the highest piece of impertinence, and I’ll thank you to quit my sight.”

She quivered with anger while the Viscount laughed delightedly. Lady Elizabeth was aware that they had become the subject of many inquisitive eyes and whisperings about the room. She ground her teeth in irritation. Though her reputation had again preceded her, her own wretched tongue gave purchase to the gossip. In all fairness, never had she met a gentleman such as this stranger. She wished she knew his purpose. His laughter made her rage burn hotter. She raised her arm to fling the contents of the punch glass she held into his face.

The stranger was faster than she. He caught her arm, his hand a steel trap, heavily bearing her hand down until the cup emptied its rose-colored contents onto the floor, some splashing to stain the flounce of her gown. She did not say a word as she watched the last drops fall. She raised her eyes to the gentleman before her, trying desperately to still her rapid breathing. There was whispered silence throughout the room.

The Viscount watched her with a strange, twisted smile upon his lips. She was glorious, a seductive blend of fire and ice. It was no wonder the staid and simpering society he knew was appalled, for this woman was no mealy-mouthed miss to follow meekly the dictates of society. To be sure, she was an uncut diamond. The breath in his chest tightened at the thought he was to be her gem cutter. In the background, he was dimly aware of activity by the orchestra where Lord Amblethorp was ordering them to strike up some music, anything to end the awful silence. The orchestra in a flurry played the next piece on their stands. It was a waltz.

“You know, my dear,” St. Ryne began conversationally, “you almost disappointed me by your speechlessness when I first approached. You lived up to my expectations, however—and your reputation I might add—and came through like a storm on the isle of Jamaica with its wind, lightning, and giant raindrops. One may hate the storms, but afterward the world is beautiful; clean and refreshed. They are playing a waltz. Come, let us join.”

Lady Elizabeth was taken aback by his reaction and more than a little ashamed of her actions but she clenched her teeth and stood rigidly. “I do not waltz. Not now, not ever, and particularly, not with you.”

“I applaud your reticence,” he commended affably. “It is still considered by some to be a fast dance; nevertheless, on this occasion you will, and with me.” So saying, he grabbed her arm, propelling her to the dance floor.

Lady Elizabeth walked like a broken doll but soon threw up her head in defiance as she heard the whispered gasps about the room. She went readily then into Justin’s arms though she scowled up at him. St. Ryne laughed yet did not say anything else as he tightened his grasp on her waist and began to twirl her around the room.

“You dance very prettily,” he remarked some moments later, “for someone who hasn’t had the practice. Which is fine with me since I do not dance much myself. Only please don’t step on my feet.”

Lady Elizabeth gasped and tried to pull away from him, but he only held her more firmly.

“I do not care to dance,” she declared, glaring her challenge at him as she stopped in the middle of the dance floor causing other couples to misstep as they tried to dance around them. She was amazed at her own audacity; such behavior on her part would set the cat among the pigeons for sure. Inwardly she cringed at the possible repercussions this incident might cause; however, she defiantly stood her ground.

St. Ryne, a dangerous glint in his eye, bent over to whisper in her ear “If you knew me better, you would not try such antics and if you don’t care to be ignominiously carried off the dance floor on my shoulder, you will dance again.”

Looking into his eyes, Lady Elizabeth saw the truth in his statement and with ill grace allowed herself to rejoin the dance. As she did so, she dug her nails into the back of his coat.

St. Ryne laughed down at her. “If you wish to scratch me, you had best wait until we are married and you will have real flesh to touch there.”

Lady Elizabeth blushed, her mind in a whirl. “Marry you!” she fairly shrieked, then glanced around swiftly to see if any had heard. “Nothing would prevail upon me to marry you!”

“Your father will.”

She bit her lip in exasperation for there was no denying the truth of his comment. She had been a thorn in the side of her father ever since the death of her mother. She was also painfully aware of the buzzing speculation in the ballroom. She lifted her head high and assumed her haughtiest manner.

St. Ryne was entranced. “Good girl!”

As the music ended, he led her back to her corner, amused that people gave them a wide berth.

“I shall wait upon you on the morrow, my lady,” he promised, bowing over her hand. He was well pleased with his encounter with Lady Elizabeth, and schemes and stratagems for her taming and wooing were beginning to formulate in his mind.

She jerked her hand away. “Well, you can wait all you want for you won’t find me available,” she ground out waspishly.

St. Ryne merely laughed again and turned to take his leave. He made his way over to Lady Amblethorp, thanked that flustered lady for her invitation, saying he had enjoyed himself immensely, and quickly departed.

Lady Elizabeth Monweithe sullenly watched him leave. She saw him nod, shake hands, and speak nonchalantly with various people in the room as if he were totally unaware of having created one of the biggest stirs of the season, even going so far as to laugh when Lady Jersey wagged a finger at him. As Elizabeth watched him, she was crushingly aware of the fact that she still did not know who he was. When her father came up some moments later demanding an explanation, for once she refused to cut up her sire and only glared at him in cold-eyed silence.

“Speak, gal! Never had trouble with that cutting tongue of yours before. What happened between you and St. Ryne? Don’t you know, you foolish wretch, he is one of the biggest matrimonial prizes in London! You’ve embarrassed me and your dear little sister by your antics tonight,” he blustered. “Bad enough you’re only welcome anywhere for the scenes you create, but this was the outside of enough! Don’t know why he spent such an unconscionable amount of time with the likes of you, but they say he’s been out of the country for a year.” His face was flushed and perspired profusely. He drew a large handkerchief from his pocket to blot his brow as he dragged her into a small antechamber.

Lady Elizabeth was shocked at hearing the identity of the stranger. She had heard of him. All London had buzzed for the past week about his return, and Helene had vowed to make him another of her admirers.

Elizabeth drew every inch of her tiny frame erect as she stared coldly at her father. “What we talked of is none of your concern,” she said austerely. Inwardly, however, a surge of excitement pulsed through her, a surge she could not dampen.

Lord Monweithe stared hard at his daughter, knowing there was no threatening this one into submission. Throwing up his hands, he turned to stalk out of the room, mopping his brow again as he left.

Lady Elizabeth stood stiffly until he departed then sank wearily into a large, red brocade chair. As she did she caught sight of the stain on the flounce of her dress. She stared at it mistily, her eyes filling with unshed tears. She gulped and sniffed loudly, angry at herself. Leaning back in the chair, she closed her eyes as one lone tear spilled, sliding slowly down her cheek.





... And where two raging fires meet together

They do consume the thing that feeds their fury.

—Act II, Scene 1



During the next four days, Lady Elizabeth Monweithe made a concerted effort to be absent from her home for the greater part of the day. She shopped at Harding, Howell and Company in Schomberg House, resting to partake of tea and sweetmeats in their first floor restaurant; patronized the new Soho Square shopping bazaar where the stalls were run by female relatives of soldiers lost in the Napoleonic wars as a means of income; browsed through Hatchard’s bookshop in Piccadilly; duly admired the artifacts to be found in the Egyptian Hall; visited the Royal Menagerie at Exeter Exchange; strolled through the Botanic Gardens; and spoke of an intent to visit an exhibition at the Royal Society of Arts in Somerset House only to be told the exhibitions would not begin again until May.

For the first two days, when she returned to her home feeling tired, dirty, foot-sore, and irritated, her casual question of callers was met with the usual list of her fair sister’s coterie. By the third day, she had begun to wonder if the Viscount had set spies after her and so knew not to call. By the evening of the fourth day, her temper was very uncertain and there existed an unfamiliar pain around the region of her heart. Her explorations of the city’s shopping haunts and marvels would, on another occasion, have filled her with delight and awe. But such was the determinedness of her efforts that her maid was sadly heard to say to her peers below stairs (as she soaked her feet), that her mistress had taken leave of her senses and muttered darkly as to the causes for her mistress’s queer start.

On the morning of the fifth day, Lady Elizabeth remained at home—her manner pugnacious, her attire elegant—half willing half defying the Viscount to make an appearance. He did not. For once, Lady Elizabeth acknowledged as she stared broodingly out her bedroom window into the small garden at the back of the house that gave way onto the mews, someone had fought against her infamously rigid guard and had managed to score a hit. She knew from the first moment she saw St. Ryne standing before her that he personified the embodiment of her closely held and jealously guarded dreams. Sadly she wished she could have returned his comments with gay and witty sallies designed to entrance. But she could not. She could only cut because it was safer to strike the first blow than to leave oneself open for the populace to destroy.

He told her he would come to call and to ask her papa for his consent to marry. Lady Elizabeth twisted uncomfortably in her seat. He had not. She leaned her face against the cool glass, her breath misting before her. She frowned heavily as her temper mounted. She’d show him, she thought. She’d show him she didn’t care a jot whether he claimed her.

She groaned. Why was she even thinking such thoughts? Marriage was not for her. It left one too vulnerable and—and out of control. The whole situation was entirely too ridiculous. She was merely being made the butt of some joke, most likely spurred by a bet in one club or another. At that sickening thought, her anger soared once more and with a very unladylike oath she sprang to her feet, twirled, and flounced out of the room with a swish of her skirts.

The upstairs maid saw her and shook her mob capped head slightly as she resumed dusting the picture frames in the hall.

The Viscount St. Ryne had not made an appearance at the Monweithe residence the next day, nor in the succeeding days, because he was not in London to do so.

Early the next morning, following that fateful rout at the Amblethorps’, he directed a couple of portmanteaux be packed for a visit of indeterminate duration, horrifying his valet with his expressed wish of traveling alone and dispensing with that gentleman’s daily service. He ordered his horses put to his carriage and while waiting told his people, quite casually, that he was off to tour his holdings. In truth he was, but with an express purpose in mind. He was looking for a particular type of holding.

His perusal of William Shakespeare’s famous play had sparked a commitment and determinedness every bit as strong as Elizabeth’s avoidance, yet his approach was with casual excitement, in the spirit of attending a particularly rousing sporting event. Though he could not envision himself wreaking havoc at table or in the bedchamber, as Petruchio had, he could attempt to find as disreputable a holding as possible to carry his bride to. This proved no easy task; he soon discovered his personal wealth and the loyalty of those he employed precluded shabbiness and dirt and he came to realize the condition of his library in London to be an exception. It was in his mind, after an exhausting whirlwind tour of his holdings flung throughout the southern portion of England, to perhaps purchase a suitable property from some impoverished member of society, when fortuitously he found his choice honeymoon home for Elizabeth. Furthermore, it was, to his delight, located a scant two hours outside London.

It was called Larchside, a prosaic enough name for what was a minor property in his holdings. It had passed—heretofore unwanted—into his hands shortly before his departure for Jamaica. The estate had been willed to him by Sir Jeremy Redfin, a distant relative, who ignominiously departed the world after falling down the main staircase in a drunken stupor, breaking his neck.

Sir Jeremy had lived as a recluse the last five years of his life after his youngest son and only surviving offspring died fighting a duel in Ireland over an accusation of tampering with a horse’s saddle by placing burrs under it prior to a race. This was an accusation that St. Ryne, remembering his cousin, could readily believe. Consequently, the estate which before had generated the tidy sum of 10,000 pounds per annum, had been allowed to go into ruin due to repair deferments. The greater portion of the estate was tied up with the banks; therefore, when St. Ryne drove up to the red brick, higgledy-piggledy styled manor house covered with ivy, he saw ill-tended grounds, lack of paint, and even a broken window on the second floor.

When no groom or stable hand came running to take his horses, St. Ryne tethered his team to a scraggly bush, glad it wasn’t his fractious grays yet wondering how this job team would deal with a stray paper or dead branch blown across their path. He frowned, and for the first time a small chink appeared in his confidence in his chosen course. He turned from his team to study the house before him just as the badly weathered oak door creaked open on rusty hinges. A skeletal apparition of a man with drawn tight skin stood in the doorway.

“This is private property, so you’d best get back in that fancy rig and be off with you.”

St. Ryne raised his eyebrows in a haughty manner designed to depress pretension. He drew off his driving gloves, slowly mounting the steps before the house. His unknown employee stepped backward nervously, his hand on the heavy door as if to slam it in St. Ryne’s face.

“And just whose property might this be?” he inquired silkily, slapping his gloves in his left hand.

“This here’s the property of the Viscount St. Ryne,” he said shrilly.

“Precisely, and I do not tolerate disrespect from any of my employees.” He smiled wolfishly as the man stumbled backward into the hall and he followed.

“Beg pardon, your lordship!” the man gasped. “I meant no disrespect! We do at times get strangers coming by trying to make trouble and we’ve had no word of your coming.”

The man would have babbled on, but St. Ryne silenced him with an impatient wave of his hand as he surveyed the hall. Most of the furniture was draped with Holland covers on which dust was thick. The walls showed scorch and soot marks from cheap candles, and the drapes looked as if a mere touch could shred them. On the whole, everything was drab and gray, and St. Ryne couldn’t have been more pleased. A boyish grin split his lips as he turned back to his employee.

“Your name, please,” he commanded.

“William Atheridge, if it pleases your lordship. My wife and I, we were butler and housekeeper to Sir Jeremy, milord.” He scurried to a doorway under the stairs. “Mae! Mae, come here!” he called then scurried back to St. Ryne. He bobbed again. “She’ll be here presently, she will.”

“What are you fratch’n about now?” came a high, gravelly voice from the direction of the stairs.

Both men turned toward her voice, and St. Ryne found himself facing a dour-faced woman with deep lines bracketing her mouth who was as stout as her husband was thin. Her eyes narrowed slightly when she saw an unknown gentleman in the hall, then her mouth stretched out into a travesty of a smile.

“Milord, this is my wife, Mae. My dear, this is the Viscount St. Ryne," he said, stressing the name.

Mae Atheridge approached them and bobbed a curtsy, her eyes sliding sideways to meet her husband’s.

“How do you do,” St. Ryne said absently, giving her only a cursory glance before dismissing her from his mind, his attention centering once again on the house. “So, Atheridge, as I’m here, what do you say to a tour of this holding of mine?”

Atheridge blinked rapidly. “Of course, your lordship. This way, please,” he said, gesturing his hand forward.

Atheridge, his pasty complexion as gray as the dust on all surfaces, quavered and shook like a leaf in the wind as he conducted St. Ryne around. Mae Atheridge followed silently behind save for the swish of her long black skirts. Wringing his hands nervously, Atheridge begged pardon for the condition of the house, saying they received money only for their wages from Mr. Tunning, the estate manager. The lines around Mae’s mouth deepened, her brows sinking over deep-set eyes.

St. Ryne merely laughed. “This place is splendid! Better than I had hoped to find.”

Atheridge looked at him bemused. “B-beg pardon, your lordship?” he stammered.

“Do not change a thing. Do not clean anything. I dare swear the chimneys will smoke if lit. Best have the master bedroom chimney swept. The estate agent, what did you say his name was? Tonning?”

“Tunning, my lord.”

“Yes, tell this Tunning fellow I said to have it done and he’s to see it’s paid for. Oh, best have the library done, too. No other rooms mind you. I want it just as it is,” the Viscount said, grinning broadly as he looked about him. He began to laugh. “Yes, just as it is.”

The Viscount hurriedly declined their offer to ready a room for him, saying he would stay at the inn in the village and left, still grinning as he wiped a trace of cobweb off his coat sleeve.

“Well, that’s done it for us,” Atheridge said heavily to his wife.

“Hush, Tom Tunning will cover for us or it’s his neck, too,” Mae said sternly, her mouth set in a straight line and her hands clasped primly before her ample form. Silently they stood together on the front steps and watched the Viscount bowl down the avenue, turn the corner, and disappear from sight behind wildly overgrown hedges at the front gate.





St. Ryne returned to London early the next day and immediately began a round of meetings with his solicitors and bankers. These worthies had served the Earl of Seaverness’s family for many years and had heard many an unusual request. Though they were delighted to receive news of St. Ryne’s planned nuptials, they were aghast at his settlement requests; yet they drew up the paperwork and opened the accounts as he requested, each silently bemoaning their tasks and wondering, as others had before them, if the tropical sun hadn’t indeed affected his lordship.

St. Ryne’s friends quizzed him unmercifully concerning his week long absence, coming as it did hard on the heels of his encounter with Lady Elizabeth Monweithe. He only laughed but admitted the events were not unrelated; more they could not wrest from him.

“Pray, cease!” he implored when he was particularly besieged one afternoon at White’s.

“Well, old fellow,” Freddy said laying a companionable hand on his shoulder, “what is the story?”

“Freddy, Freddy, not you too?” St. Ryne asked looking over his shoulder. “All right, though I find this sudden interest amusing,” he said turning back to take in all those gathered around. “I tell you all, I merely went on a tour of my holdings. I have been away a year and I need hardly tell you the necessity of looking after my own.”

“Particularly if one has specific goals they wish to achieve,” Sir Branstoke drawled.

St. Ryne turned to look quizzically at him, but Branstoke only smiled as he bowed his way out of the group. Watching that enigmatic peer withdraw, St. Ryne’s eyes narrowed thoughtfully. Shrugging slightly, he turned back to the group before him and suggested a game of faro in order to bend their inquisitive minds elsewhere.

One crisp bright morning shortly thereafter, Freddy Shiperton paid a morning call on his friend to request his company on an excursion to Tattersall’s. There was a good looking gray there that he had his eye on and wanted St. Ryne’s opinion for he was a known connoisseur of good horseflesh. He arrived at St. Ryne’s home to learn from his butler that the Viscount was still dressing and had not yet descended. Freddy’s brows rose. It was not like St. Ryne to be so late about. Entrusting his hat and greatcoat to the footman, he informed Predmore he would announce himself.

He loped easily up the staircase taking two steps at a time before Predmore had an opportunity to object. He found St. Ryne in a distracted mood, yet dressed very elegantly in a jacket of blue Bath superfine with fawn-colored breeches. He was snapping at his valet to remove a piece of fluff from his jacket sleeve. That little gentleman, who had been with his lordship since he’d come down from Oxford and had even endured the hardships of a year away from civilization by attending his lordship in Jamaica, this particular morning looked extremely harassed and frazzled.

“I say, Justin, what’s this?” Freddy asked, waving his walking stick in Justin’s direction to indicate his attire.

“I have an important engagement this morning.”

“Eh?”

“An engagement, Freddy my boy,” St. Ryne repeated then stopped and grinned as the double meaning of what he said registered.

“But I need you to come to Tatts with me. They’ve got this handsome gray I need your advice on. Looks a prime ’un, but I’ll be the first to admit I ain’t got your eye,” Freddy said, not seeing how anything else could be more important.

“My apologies, I am resolved. It must be this morning and no other. Tell you what, why don’t you take La Belle Helene for a walk in the park this morning.” A thoughtful look crossed his face. “Yes, just the ticket. I’ll walk over with you and renew my acquaintance with the Earl of Rasthough while you spirit your beauty away.”

Freddy’s face brightened. “Dash it, that’s good of you, St. Ryne. Hard to get her out from under the Dragon Lady’s or her father’s nose. ” A frown creased his delicate brow for a moment. “Thought you said you had an appointment.”

St. Ryne waved his hands nonchalantly. “On the way. Besides, anything I can do for a friend.” He smiled engagingly before turning to take his hat, cane, and gloves from his waiting man. “Come, this should prove an interesting and entertaining morning.”

Freddy looked at him blankly for a moment but refrained from further comment, his mind pondering the strange behavior of his friend. Sadly, he thought Tretherford was correct; St. Ryne had spent too much time in that damned tropical sun.





The Earl of Rasthough was greatly surprised and curious upon hearing the names of the visitors awaiting him in the parlor. Shuffling papers aside and combing his thinning hair back with his fingers; he arose from his desk and scurried out of his library to join his guests. He remembered the Viscount St. Ryne as the gentleman who’d danced with Elizabeth two weeks before. He could hardly forget. Elizabeth, always difficult to manage, had become impossible during the last two weeks. Although he knew the Viscount had upset her, he never learned how, for Elizabeth remained reticent about the meeting, a circumstance her father viewed with trepidation.

When he opened the parlor door, he was in time to see the Viscount rising elegantly from a bow over his daughter Helene’s hand and saw that young lady smile brightly up at him while his sister-in-law looked on benignly. He groaned inwardly, another conquest.

St. Ryne turned immediately at the sound of the door opening and smiled lazily at the Earl, then turned an inquisitive eye to Freddy who was staring steadily with doglike devotion at La Belle Helene. Catching St. Ryne’s eye upon him he looked up, flustered, glancing from his friend to Lord Monweithe and back before he recalled himself to a sense of duty and hurriedly stumbled through appropriate introductions.

“So you’re St. Ryne. Known your father anytime the past twenty years. How is he, by the way? Don’t get much to town these days, do he?” Lord Monweithe asked jovially.

“He is well, sir, but prefers his books to a rackety social life, as he calls it. That is, unless it is hunting season.”

Monweithe laughed. “He always was a neck-or-nothing goer in the field. That’s how I met him years ago when you were barely out of leading strings. I remember him telling us one evening how you wanted to come with him, but your little pony weren’t fast enough to keep up.”

St. Ryne’s answering smile bore an odd twist at the corner. “Ah yes, I remember the incident. Did he tell you, too, that I followed anyway and became lost? When I finally found my way home, it was very late and my parents were extremely distraught. That Christmas, however, I received a hunter as a gift from my father.”

The Earl guffawed heartily. “Forced his hand, did you? Well, well, can’t say as I blame you.”

St. Ryne inclined his head and smiled lazily. “As you say—”

“Oh-h!” Lady Helene cried, clasping her hands before her, her pale blue eyes wide. “What a frightening experience for a child!”

St. Ryne studied her closely. He was amazed to discover her quite sincere. “Perhaps,” he allowed slowly. “I really can’t recall,” he admitted. “What I do recall is the lesson in obedience it engendered.”

Freddy gave a snort of laughter. “Aye! I can, too!”

The Viscount raised a quelling eyebrow at his friend. “That will be enough, Freddy.”

His friend glanced down at his boots, stifling an urge to laugh. He was one of a select few who knew the truly scapegrace background of the elegant Viscount St. Ryne, a background seemingly at odds with his ton persona.

Lady Romella Wisgart sniffed audibly. “Well, I should hope it was compensatory with the crime,” she announced stentorianly.

“Quite,” St. Ryne agreed shortly, bowing his head in her direction. He turned toward Lord Monweithe. “But come, sir, let us retire to your library, if we may, and leave these two to have a nice stroll through the park. I have a request to make which we should discuss.”

“Not without a chaperone!”

“Naturally, sir,” St. Ryne returned, feigning surprise.

“I’m sure Freddy expects Lady Wisgart’s company as well.”

Freddy threw a surprised look at St. Ryne but recovered quickly. He discerned what St. Ryne desired was his cooperation in removing Lady Helene and Lady Wisgart. So much for spiriting his beauty away! “Uh-h, quite so!” he said, darting sideways glances at the Viscount. He bore a lively curiosity as to his friend’s sudden interest in Old Monweithe and determined to have it out with him before long for dealing him such a backhanded turn.

“Lady Wisgart,” he said rising elegantly and making a leg, “may we have the pleasure of your company? It is such a clear crisp day, not in the least bit damp,” he said engagingly.

“A short one, mayhap,” she said in a condescending tone. “I have heard mild exercise in such weather is invigorating for the constitution. Still, we must dress warmly. Come, Helene.”

St. Ryne bowed as they left before turning again to the Earl. “Your library, sir,” he reminded, gesturing before him.

Lord Monweithe frowned a moment; he did not like the idea of Helene going out with Shiperton. No sense building any expectations among the young bucks who squired his youngest daughter. St. Ryne put him in an awkward position. He was curious to know his request and to deny the outing now would be boorish. He saw St. Ryne regarding him with that lazy, sleepy-eyed smile of his. Damn, if he didn’t think St. Ryne had arranged the entire situation, but he couldn’t say no now.

“Certainly, this way,” he said leading him toward the door. There he paused for a moment to turn back to Freddy Shiperton. “Don’t be gone too long,” he admonished.

“Just a little jaunt, sir, and thank you, sir!” Freddy managed to stumble out.

The Earl of Rasthough only frowned again and followed his distinguished guest out of the room.

“You don’t approve of our Freddy,” St. Ryne observed as they crossed the hall to the library.

“Don’t approve or disapprove. No sense filling their heads with fancies. I’ve said it before and I say it now, my eldest daughter is to be married first.”

“Precisely.”

Monweithe looked at St. Ryne sideways, not understanding what he meant, and then continued, “Daresay people think I’m crazy, but my mind’s made up. Love that little gal but I guess I say I got my duty.”

St. Ryne nodded as the Earl ushered him into his library.

“You are to be commended, sir.”

“I am? Well, I only do as I feel right,” Lord Monweithe said gruffly, lowering his bulk into the leather chair behind his desk. “But sit down, sit down and tell me what’s on your mind.”

“It’s quite simple,” St. Ryne remarked, crossing his legs and leaning back into the green plush chair before the desk. “I want to marry your daughter,” he explained, watching his host closely.

“What?!?” that gentleman exclaimed, rising from his chair and leaning across the cluttered desk, his face turning dangerously red. “I just told you Elizabeth is to be married first. Don’t think just because you stand to become an Earl that you’re going to be any different from any other gentleman who’s courting Helene, because I tell you now it ain’t going to be so! Asides which, you’ve never called or spoken to her before today.”

St. Ryne’s face froze and he regarded the Earl of Rasthough coldly.

“Have you so little love or respect for your eldest daughter that you must assume any gentleman soliciting your daughter’s hand in marriage means Helene?”

“But, but— What are you saying, man?”

“Frankly I find Helene no different from a dozen other insipid debutantes of the season such as my mother has tried to put in my way. I have heretofore ignored them all,” he stated, nearly gritting his teeth, his face white under his tan.

Lord Monweithe blinked uncertainly and slowly resumed his seat while staring bemusedly at St. Ryne.

The Viscount went on: “The only woman I could possibly consider marrying is your daughter Elizabeth. Do not cast aspersions on her character to me!” The strange rage consuming him burned out suddenly, and once again he relaxed in his chair. “She’s had enough,” he muttered to himself. The strength of his own emotions stunned him.

Lord Monweithe caught the last of what he said very faintly and wondered if he had heard right. He was amazed and knew he must recover himself.

“Now, now, easy lad. No harm meant.” He laughed with false joviality as he warily studied St. Ryne’s shuttered expression. ‘Now, would I say my Elizabeth must marry first if I didn’t care for her? Well now? Sorry I misunderstood you, but you know we were discussing my daughter Helene as we came in the room, and then you took me by surprise, that’s all, my boy.”

St. Ryne neither smiled nor responded and the broad smile on the Earl’s face faded slightly.

“So you want to marry my Elizabeth, do you? Well, well, I’d be proud to welcome you to the family.”

The twisted smile reappeared on St. Ryne’s face. “Thank you, sir,” he said wryly.

Monweithe leaned back in his chair. “Ha, ha. I saw you dancing with my gal at Lady Amblethorp’s. Love at first sight, was it? Fine gal, fine gal. And handsome, too.” He looked keenly at St. Ryne. “Daresay you’re just the man to handle her too, from the tales I’ve heard.”

St. Ryne stiffened slightly, but the Earl, reaching out for the bell pull, did not notice. Almost immediately his summons was answered by the appearance of his butler at the door. So prompt was that worthy’s appearance, St. Ryne wondered sardonically if Elizabeth’s reputation was not perhaps due in large measure to servants listening in keyholes. “Jovis, ask Lady Elizabeth to join me in the library.”

“Very good, my lord.”

“Let us have a toast,” Lord Monweithe suggested to St. Ryne, rising from his desk and going to the sideboard where there stood a decanter and several glasses. “Always like to have a little to hand,” he explained, pouring two glasses of a deep tawny port. “Here, lad—a toast to Elizabeth.”

St. Ryne raised his glass in silent salute.

Jovis returned a moment later, coughing softly to gain the Earl's attention.

“Well, where is she?” Lord Monweithe asked, irritated, nevertheless keeping a wary eye on his prospective son-in- law.

“Beg pardon, my lord, but the Lady Elizabeth says as how she is doing some mending, she cannot come.”

“What! You tell that—” Monweithe started to exclaim but stopped in confusion seeing the shuttered look come over St. Ryne’s face. He looked at St. Ryne helplessly.

St. Ryne put his glass down and rose from his chair. Bowing to the Earl, a slow trace of a smile began to cross his face. “It is always best to get over heavy ground as lightly as possible. May I have your trust, sir?”

“Ah, of course lad. No need to ask.”

“Good. Then I shall start as I mean to go on,” St. Ryne stated. He turned to Jovis. “Please conduct me to the Lady Elizabeth.”

Lord Monweithe looked carefully at St. Ryne then nodded his consent.

St. Ryne followed the butler upstairs to a small parlor at the back of the house, forestalled his announcing him, and signaled the man’s dismissal with a jerk of his head. Smiling to himself in anticipation of the encounter, he opened the door.

The room was shabbier than the rest of the house but its tall windows let in the streaming sunlight. Seated with her feet tucked up under her on a small, faded gold sofa by the windows, a stack of mending by her side was the Lady Elizabeth Monweithe. She was wearing a much worn, faded blue gown that was tight across the bodice. Her long dark hair was pulled back and held by a silk ribbon. The sunlight shining on her hair showed glowing red and gold highlights. When she looked up as the door opened, her expression was one of exasperation at being disturbed yet again, but when she saw who stood there in the doorway, her color rose.

“You!”

Justin’s smile broadened. Closing the door, he leaned against it.

“What, my Elizabeth speechless again? For shame. Well, I’ll promise not to tell, we can’t spoil your reputation now.”

“What are you doing here?” she asked coldly while her heart fluttered wildly in her chest. He came!

“What? Here? Standing— You haven’t asked me to sit yet,” he said easily as he avidly drank in her appearance. She was more beautiful than he remembered.

“Don’t play games,” she ground out. “Why did you come to see me?”

“Now we are getting conceited, aren’t we? And just after one dance.” He watched her bite her lip in exasperation and laughed. “Actually, I came to visit your father.”

“My father?” Her voice shook.

“Certainly. It still is considered necessary for a suitor to ask the parents of a young lady if he may solicit her hand in marriage, isn’t it? At least, it was when I left for Jamaica. Personally,” he went on reflectively, “I’ve always thought the principals should decide such things among themselves first; however, I am in the minority so I bow to convention.”

She sneered at him. “So, another of little Helene’s conquests.” A steel band tightened around her heart.

He cocked his head to one side as he regarded her. “That is exactly what your father thought. Perhaps I overreacted. No, you silly widgeon, it is your hand I asked for.”

The color drained from Lady Elizabeth’s face and she slowly raised her hand to her throat. Her stomach somersaulted. Swallowing convulsively, she stared up at him. The silence in the room was suffocating.

Lady Elizabeth took a ragged deep breath. “How dare you. I wouldn’t marry you if you were the last man alive. Get out!” she rasped, rising unsteadily from her seat and pointing toward the door. She could not take his teasing her. She knew of her reputation as a shrew. No gentlemen approached her. It was cruel of him to play with her in this manner.

In two strides St. Ryne was before her with her hand held securely between his.

“Thank you, my love. Since I know I am not the last man alive, nothing may stand in my way.”

Elizabeth sputtered, “S-s-swine! Trading on your birth as a nobleman.” She tried to wrest her hand away by pushing on him with her other. “A common cit is a better man! Let me go or I’ll scream!”

“Please do, my love. Though I must admit it is an unconventional method of saying, ‘Yes, I will marry you.’ I would never want my Bess to be conventional. Of course, if you really want to be in a more colorful compromising position, I’m sure we can arrange that, too.”

Elizabeth glared at him then slapped him with her free hand. St. Ryne froze for a moment then slapped her back. Lady Elizabeth’s cheeks burned with the audacity of her action and his unexpected reaction. She raised a shaking hand to her cheek.

“Get out! I don’t know how you weaseled your way up here and I don’t care, just leave!” she rasped, her voice rising, catching painfully in her throat. “I-I won’t marry you. Is that plain enough?”

“My lady, you will marry me because you really don’t like being the laughing stock of society. You are a beautiful, gentle, sensitive young woman and you have lived a lie in order to protect yourself,” he soothed, dropping her hands. “Only now the chickens have come home to roost and it no longer protects you. As each day passes, you are becoming more and more frightened. ”

Elizabeth’s eyes widened. It was on her lips to deny him, but the truth shone out from her face and she felt naked and exposed. She turned from him to stand in front of the window, grasping the frame with a white-knuckled hand. Sunlight glowed around her like a halo.

St. Ryne walked up behind her and put his hands on her shoulders. It was within him to feel compassion for this woman, but she still needed her strength and anger to see her through the next week. He did not want her broken, just the wildness contained yet always burning within her.

“Don’t worry, my Bess. Though you are a hell-born brat, I don’t hold that against you. I shall look forward to the fires you’ll ignite in our bed. Now don’t be petulant just because you’ve finally met someone stronger than you. I know you are already aching for my caresses, but we can’t have too much of a good thing too soon. That is a way to get sick.”

Elizabeth whirled around to glare at him and move away from his disturbing nearness only to find she had backed herself into a corner. She tried to push him aside, but his arms were like iron and resisted her.

“You already make me sick.”

“Ah—see? We progress.”

“Get out of my way.”

“I am not in your way, I am your way,” he said softly, leaning toward her.

Just then Lord Monweithe slowly opened the door, his curiosity getting the best of him since he had not heard much yelling. St. Ryne turned his head toward the door with an easy smile on his lips, still keeping Elizabeth pinned in her corner. He took one of her arms and lightly twisted it behind her back.

“We shall be wed next week at St. George’s in Hanover Square by special license. I leave it to you to make all the arrangements. By the by, I find the stories of your daughter’s temper all a hum. We shall do very well together, won’t we, my sweet?” he said, glancing down at her to be met by a look of pure venom in return. “Oh, I know you must continue to rant and rail against me for appearances’ sake, and dig in your heels against the wedding because you are such a playful puss.” He looked back to the Earl. “But she knows, sir, that will ye, nil ye, I’ll have her. But come, we have much to discuss downstairs and all of us have much to do before next week.”

St. Ryne let go of the Lady Elizabeth’s arm, backing away quickly before he could be slapped again. Elizabeth merely rubbed her abused arm, her mind in a turmoil, her tongue cloying to the roof of her mouth. Her eyes blazed at him but she knew she had no way of dinting his armor. As he went to close the parlor door, some of her normal energies returned. Glancing around quickly, her eyes lighted on a vase on the table next to her. She picked it up, throwing it at his head. The vase sailed past him, crashing into the door. She trembled at her own audacity when St. Ryne turned to look back, and then down at the vase on the floor.

He grinned. “Practice, my dear, practice,” he suggested, and closed the door.





... this is the ’pointed day ...

—Act III, Scene 2



“Elizabeth!” Lord Monweithe’s voice bellowed up the stairs. “Elizabeth! Confound it, girl, hurry up! We’ll be late!”

Elizabeth returned no comment but continued to move very slowly. It was agony to move so slowly. Her tense muscles screamed at the discipline; however, she persevered. She wanted to be late to the wedding, to force that arrogant Viscount to cool his heels while he waited upon her!

The previous week had been a nightmare. All society seemed to come to Rasthough House to offer felicitations, ogle, raise eyebrows, and whisper behind open fans and sheltering hands. Elizabeth had refused to come down when she could and sat stoically quiet through those visits she could not avoid. Only once had she openly responded to the many arch questions and innuendos cast in her direction and that had been to smile triumphantly at one particularly vicious matron with two marriageable daughters and remark graciously: “While I feel it is beneath one to bandy words and frowns,” a feeling she certainly did not feel but rather did with a certain amount of relish, “I feel compelled to remind you that I, at least, have ended this season betrothed.”

Affronted, the matron promptly quitted Rasthough House with a harrumph and dark mutterings of future comeuppance. So relieved were all with her departure, that even Lady Romella did not frown for long at Elizabeth.

Save for her small victory, she felt she was riding in a poorly sprung runaway carriage. When the household was not besieged with visitors, Lady Romella and Helene towed her from one dressmaker and milliner to another, shopping for her trousseau. Her father had been adamant that she should have a large and rich trousseau. Whether that gesture was out of guilt or sincerity, Elizabeth did not venture to guess. During these enforced shopping excursions she followed apathetically along, merely grimacing as more and more frivolous pastel colors were purchased. For Lady Romella and Helene, surprised by Elizabeth’s perceived docility, were soon emboldened to choose anything they themselves admired without querying her at all.

On solely two occasions did Elizabeth voice her opinion—once again quite in her old spirit—and that was in the choice of nightgowns and her wedding dress. She refused filmy muslin nightgowns in favor of a more sturdy lawn material and insisted on an ivory-colored wedding gown over a stark white which she knew, while highly flattering to Helene, would cause her to appear insipid.

She stared now at the wedding gown reflected in the mirror, unconsciously stroking the fine material. It was of ivory gauze with silk appliqué petals and leaves sewn in tiers at the hem and on the puffed upper portion of her sleeve. The bottom of the sleeve fitted snugly to her arm, fastening with ten tiny pearl buttons. The gown’s small, high bodice was plain. On her head Elizabeth wore a small brimmed hat of ivory silk plush decorated with the same silk petals and leaves as were on her dress. Attached to the brim and allowed to fall over her face to her shoulders was a sheer gauze veil edged with tambour work. Elizabeth, turning slightly so she could see the gown from all angles, was pleased with the overall effect.

The maid sent into her that morning by Lady Romella fussed about her, straightening a petal and seam while chattering of her mistress’s good fortune. “And to think, my lady, one day you’ll be a Countess!” She clucked her tongue. “Lawks a mercy, all a’Lunnon a been buzz’n about this wedd’n. It’s the affair of the season, that’s what they do say, even if it do seem a might unseemly in its haste,” the maid remarked ingeniously, hoping for some reaction from Lady Elizabeth that she could take below stairs.

Her chatter fell on deaf ears. Around and around in Elizabeth’s mind the one single unanswered question whirled. Why me? She had tried to dissuade St. Ryne, had tried to show him only her nastiest side, only to find herself tongue-tied before him, impotently raging within herself. She refused to analyze her reasons, knowing if she did so she would discover she had met the one man who mattered.

No! she thought sharply, tossing her head, which sent the maid into another bout of clucking. No man mattered! For her sanity she repeated the litany in her mind. She wondered how late she dared be before her father stormed up the stairs.

Elizabeth fervently wished Hattie were here. Her old nurse was the only person she ever laughed with, the only person to understand her and love her unreservedly.

To be unloved was agony. She had borne it from her father since her mother’s death. She could even say with conviction it didn’t bother her anymore. At nineteen she had learned to accept what she could not have though she still railed against it. She trembled at the thought of being thrust into a new life with a man she didn’t know and who couldn’t possibly love her. Her eyes misted, their gold lights turning to amber.

Her waspish tongue and rude attitude had developed as a young girl's ploy for attention from her father. At least if he ranted, railed, and punished her, he had to acknowledge her existence. Hattie had often lectured on the futility of such a strategy, but her words were to no avail. As Elizabeth grew older, her rudeness and cutting tongue became a habit and a defense. She learned to consider herself unlovable for she was the one blamed for her mother’s death.

She remembered the day well—she could scarcely forget for it was carved in her memory and often haunted her dreams. It was her fifth birthday and nature was helping the family celebrate by offering up an unusually warm spring day. The past winter had been particularly severe and for a time Lady Susan Monweithe, Elizabeth’s mother, had been extremely ill and not expected to survive. She had, nonetheless, recovered splendidly, leaving the family doctor awed and her family joyful. As the weather was sunny and mild, it was decided Elizabeth’s birthday party would be out of doors; consequently, a family picnic was planned. Her father was jolly then, tossing first her then Helene in the air. After lunch, he dozed in the shade of a large tree while their mother watched as she and Helene, a golden-haired toddler then, explored the edge of the lake. Mama had warned them not to go too close; however, with youthful impetuousness they did not heed her. While Elizabeth gathered flowers by the water’s edge, Helene squatted on an overhanging rock to watch some frogs. From her great maturity at five, Elizabeth knew it was dangerous to get so near the water so she jumped onto the rock to scold her baby sister. Suddenly the rock tipped forward and unthinkingly she pushed her sister to shore before she tumbled backward into the water.

Though afterward she could see there had been no danger for the water was not over her head, she panicked, and her mother ran to pull her out. Somehow—Elizabeth was never sure how—her mother also lost her balance. Screaming, Elizabeth clamored to her like a mad thing. Her mother tried to get up, but her long skirt tangled her legs and Elizabeth was thrashing and kicking too much. Her screams and Helene’s crying woke her father, and he came charging down the bank to haul his wife and daughter out of the water just as dark clouds closed over the sun and a sharp spring wind kicked up to remind them of the season. The drenching and the return of the cold spring weather caused Lady Susan’s illness to return. This time she did not recover. While she was ill, Lord Monweithe banished his children to their nursery and haunted his wife’s room. Lady Susan tried to tell him in a hoarse, cracking voice how Elizabeth had been protecting Helene. He shushed her and begged her not to strain herself. In the nursery, Elizabeth sobbed and clung to Hattie. There was no calming her for she knew something dreadful was going to happen. Four days later, her mother passed away in her sleep. From that day, and for many years, Lord Monweithe could not bear to look at Elizabeth. In his mind he knew he could not blame the child for his beloved wife’s death, but in his heart he did. As he could not reconcile his feelings, he chose to pretend Elizabeth did not exist. Over the years, though the pain grew less, his manner of ignoring his elder daughter became habit. He ceased even to realize what he was doing.

Elizabeth’s maid was putting the final adjustments on her hat when there was a sharp rap on the door. Before she could respond, it was flung open, banging against the wall, and Lord Monweithe angrily strode into the room. He had waited fifteen minutes, and now they would be twenty minutes late. Though Elizabeth wished she could be late forever for this wedding, she was resigned to the event now. She took heart and drew strength from knowing they would be twenty minutes late to the church.

After seeing Lady Romella and Helene off, Lord Monweithe had waited downstairs for Elizabeth, his only companion his port bottle. At first, he took to the port when vague doubts about the correctness of this hasty marriage flitted through his mind. As the minutes passed, so did those doubts, to be replaced with a sense of injury and an insidious fear the marriage would not take place; that Elizabeth’s seeming bid ability of late was a sham to cover her plans to humiliate him further. With the second glass of port came the conviction that those indeed were her plans and an equally strong conviction arose on his part to see the marriage go through. The older she became, the harder it was for him to even look at her. Though her hair was darker and her eyes brighter than his dear departed wife’s, in face and form, she was her twin. At one time he had irrationally blamed Elizabeth for her mother’s death. That was long ago. There were times when she was growing up he had wanted to draw her to his chest to hug, only to be met with bitter, waspish, angry words. He’d never known how to reach that tiny wraithlike creature with her condemning gold eyes.

He knew she had been devastated by her mother’s death, yet at the time, he’d had no room in his heart to comfort her—so great was his own grief. Unthinkingly he pushed her away, pushed her into the cursed shrew she was. Through the years he’d never been able to rectify his error and give her the love she needed. Perhaps marriage would cure her. Yes, he decided, babes were what she needed. That and a change of scene, away from her own family. He would not let her throw away a chance for happiness. He owed her that chance and owed himself some peace, he’d decided foggily before storming up the stairs.

“What missish nonsense is this?” Lord Monweithe paced Elizabeth’s room in a tight circle, his color rising. “If you’ve no notion of going through with this marriage and think it a play to embarrass your family, you’ve overextended yourself,” he declared flatly. “I’ll see you married or I’ll swear I never had an elder daughter named Elizabeth and throw you out on the street!”

Elizabeth gaped at the injustice. Fearful he was serious, her sense of aloneness and being unloved grew in proportion. Bile rose, burning her throat. She swallowed convulsively.

“Married or not, I would not stay a day longer in this house with a sanctimonious old woman, an empty-headed young one, and a man so enamored with appearances and conventions!” Her voice dropped to a harsh whisper while she held her head high and angrily held back tears. “But I will see this farce of a wedding through, if only to maintain my place in society so I may be a constant reminder to you, a constant thorn in your side with the knowledge of your failure as a father.” She crossed the room to the dressing table, staring down at its surface.

“Hold your tongue!” Lord Monweith roared. Beads of perspiration gathered on his brow.

“Why?” Elizabeth choked out, whirling around to glare at him. “You have already sold me; the wedding remains a mere formality. Since Mama died I have been like a dead thing to you. You are merely getting around to burying the rotted corpse.”

Appalled at her words, Elizabeth twirled away from her father to stare sightlessly out the window. Never had she come so close to revealing herself, and never in fourteen years had she even dared mention her mother to her father. An awful silence filled the room. The maid, her back to the combatants, busied herself with straightening brushes and bottles while her sharp ears listened carefully so she could repeat word for word everything that was said to her peers below stairs.

The Earl mopped his brow, the earlier fogginess being replaced with a searing pain in his head. Carefully, he ignored what Elizabeth said save her statement that she would go through with the wedding.

“If you’re going to go through with the wedding, we’d best be off before the guests think we are not coming and rise to leave.”

Elizabeth nodded curtly. She picked up a handkerchief from the dressing table and under cover of her veil, dabbed at the corner of her eyes before turning to her father. He was holding the door to her room open. With her head high, she swept through it and on down the stairs ahead of him. At the foot of the stairs Jovis waited with her bouquet. Regally she took it from him and disdained the warmth of a proffered cloak. Lord Monweithe scowled, saying nothing, a wordless truce having sprung up between them. He took her arm to lead her to the waiting carriage. Elizabeth murmured a polite “thank you” as he handed her into the vehicle but otherwise remained silent as they traversed the few short blocks between their home and St. George’s in Hanover Square.

In that time, she sadly convinced herself the marriage was for the best. It was unfair to her family to bear with her any longer. She was a blight on their lives. Just because she could not have love and happiness, what right did she have to deny that to others? She sighed audibly, drawing her father’s curious eyes upon her but she did not notice. At the church, she mutely allowed herself to be handed down and led up the wide church steps. She paused at the great doors, steeling herself for the walk up the aisle and the end of her life as she knew it to be. Suddenly she was aware of a flurry among the people gathered at the altar and Freddy Shiperton came hurrying back to them, agitated and stuttering his request to stay where they were.

“Stay? But we’re late as it is. We must get on with this.” The Earl looked around. “Where is St. Ryne?”

Freddy looked pained and wrung his hands. “That’s just it, sir. We don’t know. He ain’t here yet.”

Elizabeth’s world spun around for a moment at the bald pronouncement and she would have fallen had not a hand come out to steady her. Mistily she found herself looking up at Sir James Branstoke. He smiled at her and murmured softly; so softly she was afraid she did not hear him correctly when he said:

“Patience, good Katharine, and Baptista too. Upon my life, Petruchio means but well ...”

Elizabeth looked at him curiously. “Beg pardon? What—”

“What’s that you say? He ain’t here?” Lord Monweithe expostulated, again looking around the church as if to repudiate Freddy’s statement. “What’s the meaning of this?” He turned to glare at Freddy. “What do you know about this, Shiperton? I demand an explanation.”

Freddy spread his hands helplessly, his fair complexion flushed with embarrassment. He slid a worried glance in Elizabeth’s direction.

Elizabeth found herself exceedingly thankful for the veil she wore for she discovered to her dismay that her eyes were stinging with tears threatening to overflow. She drew every inch of her tiny frame erect and bit her lip to maintain her composure. Around her she heard whisperings, the snap of fans, and the rustle of material as the guests turned to one another. The whisperings increased in volume with each passing moment of the Viscount’s absence. The whisperings became louder until they seemed to shout and reverberate in her head.

“Perhaps—” her father coughed, running his hand nervously through his hair. “Perhaps, Elizabeth, we should return to Rasthough House.”

Elizabeth snapped her head around.

“Or-or mayhap retire to our carriage and await Viscount St. Ryne’s arrival there,” he finished quickly.

Mutely, Elizabeth shook her head, her pride not allowing her to make such a telling move. Her eyes were now so blurred that she could scarcely see, but she refused to raise the handkerchief she clutched in her nerveless hand to her eyes to blot away the tears.

It was nearly one hour after the appointed time for the ceremony when the first party of guests rose to leave. Elizabeth grimaced at the pitying glances cast in her direction but held her ground. Her tears had long since dried, to be replaced with a simmering anger bearing a stiffness of posture and high color to her cheeks. Suddenly there was an uproar at the great door leading into the narthex and the guests who had been on the verge of departing milled un-certainly. A young boy burst into the church, his sides heaving as he panted to catch his breath. He bent over, hands on his knees, as he gulped air.

“He’s coming!” he gasped out. “His lordship’s coming!” the child cried when at last he recovered his voice.

Lord Monweithe pushed through the crowd to grab the boy by a thin shoulder, spinning him around to face him. “What’s that you say? Speak up, lad,” he said, giving the child a slight shake. “You’ve seen the Viscount St. Ryne? Make no mistake about this. Where is he?”

“He’s coming, sir, down the road.” The boy trembled at the ferocious expression on the Earl's face. “I saw him riding his horse this way,” he explained, throwing up a bony arm to shield himself from the backhanded blow he expected.

Lord Monweithe, however, had no thought of punishment or reward for the lad. Stunned, he walked into the narthex, wishing to see for himself if St. Ryne approached. Uncertainty kept him staring at the closed doors.

Sir James Branstoke approached the fidgety and frightened boy, quietly placed a coin in his palm and pushed him toward a side entrance. Clenching the coin tightly in his fist, the lad muttered his thanks and ducked out the door.

Suddenly the great carved doors burst open letting in a whoosh of air and bright light, silhouetting the Viscount against the sky.

St. Ryne was indeed in riding attire and as he stepped into the church it became obvious to all that the Viscount had come to his wedding in all his dirt. An uproar rippled through the church. His top boots were thick with dust and his buckskin breeches sported a dark stain on one thigh. His jacket, while admirably fitting his form, showed signs of sweat and dust while his Inexpressibles bore a distinct gray cast. About his neck, in a very casual manner, was knotted a kerchief.

Elizabeth felt sure she would feint from mortification. She forced herself to stand calm, as if it were no concern of hers.

St. Ryne glanced about the church, a bland smile on his face, before focusing on those guests standing by the entrance. He raised an eyebrow.

“Have you all not found seats yet? Freddy, be a good, chap and assist them, please.”

Freddy, who stood transfixed and gawking at St. Ryne’s appearance, roused himself. “Certainly—ah, right you are. This way.”

With a soft murmur of voices, guests scurried to resume their seats. One affronted gentleman moved to leave altogether only to be stopped and remonstrated by his lively mate that they would do no such thing for she vowed this was better than a play. Hearing the woman’s comment, Elizabeth ground her teeth in vexation.

“You should have trod the boards. Beware. The lady is of uncertain temper,” Sir James Branstoke advised St. Ryne. “Moreover, she is a lady,” he warned.

St. Ryne smiled. “Rest easy,” he said, clapping Branstoke on the shoulder good-naturedly though a quizzical light shone in his eyes.

Branstoke turned to look past him, and St. Ryne followed his gaze to where Elizabeth stood in the shadows. His smile faded as he bowed slightly in her direction. He turned back to Branstoke.

“All will be well. I do not strive to hurt, only to tame.”

“And can you do one without the other?” Branstoke asked in flat tones.

“Why not?”

“I wonder— But here is Freddy, his chore completed.”

“Ah, yes indeed. Now I shall assume my place and await my gentle bride.” So saying, St. Ryne walked up the side aisle, followed by Freddy, and took his place before the altar. Once there, he turned to look back in expectation of seeing his bride approach, a set smile upon his face.

It was the smile that set the cap upon her rage. Staring steadily at St. Ryne, she threw down her bouquet in unspoken challenge then turned to march out of the church.

She had reckoned without her father.

Though the Viscount had made them the butt of jokes, he was here and apparently still of a mind to marry his daughter. Perhaps they were suited to one another. Regardless, he’d had enough skiff skaff for one day and would see the two of them wed. He grabbed Elizabeth’s arm, jerking her off balance so she fell heavily against him.

“I told you, will ye, nil ye, I would see you wed,” he said in her ear.

Elizabeth looked up at him in surprise. “I refuse to believe you’re serious. That man has just humiliated us in front of all of London and you would still countenance this wedding—this farce?”

“Countenance it? It is an event to be desired. Has it not occurred to you that what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander?”

“You’re mad!”

“Perhaps. I am your father, however, and as you so crudely stated earlier, you have been signed and sealed for. What remains is the delivery. Come.”

Panicked, Elizabeth started to pull away. Her eyes looked out into the church as she did so and what she saw caused her to freeze. Every head was turned her way. Bitterly she realized this wedding was better than a play, affording society with a scandal that would provide grist for the gossip mill until the next season. She glared at her father. Well, she would not make her father an object of sympathy and pity—she would not give him that luxury. She would be the martyr, and let her father and the Viscount take the hisses. She threw up her head and casually smoothed the creases in her gown.

“Bravo!” whispered Sir James Branstoke as he handed her the discarded bouquet.

Elizabeth looked at him in surprise. He was the oddest creature. There seemed to be a depth in him that was lacking in her sister’s other suitors. She bowed her head in silent thanks, then resolutely turned toward the altar and walked steadily down the long aisle. She felt all eyes following her progress. Let them stare. Though the marriage mart was full of simpering beauties, only she would be the Viscountess St. Ryne and albeit thrust upon her, she intended to make the most of the position.

She repeated her vows in a clear but clipped voice, bringing a genuine smile to St. Ryne’s face. When the priest declared them man and wife, Elizabeth’s new husband gently lifted her veil.

“Isn’t it better, my lady,” he murmured softly, “to be angry for legitimate slights than merely perceived slights?” Astonished, Elizabeth opened her mouth to protest only to have the Viscount swoop down to capture her lips in a kiss. Pulling her tightly to him, his kiss caressed and teased, bringing an unfamiliar tingling up through her body making her feel weak and giddy. She grasped his shoulders for strength. Then as suddenly as it had begun, the kiss ended and he put her away from him. Dimly Elizabeth was aware of a few titters of laughter. Color rushed to her cheek. Angry with the Viscount and herself, she stepped hastily backward, catching the heel of her shoe on the altar step. Suddenly she was slipping backward. Her arms went out in a crude attempt to balance herself but to-no avail. She continued to fall backward, landing smartly on her posterior.

Hearty laughter erupted from the wedding guests, and tears burst into Elizabeth’s eyes. St. Ryne bent down to help her rise and he felt a twinge of remorse for his behavior.

“Come, Bess,” he said softly. “If you laugh, they will be laughing with you, not at you.”

Thankful for his sudden understanding, she smiled ruefully up at him. “It is hard to laugh when a portion of one’s anatomy hurts.”

“That is indeed true; however, it also aids in forgetting the pain.” He pulled her upright.

“Do you think, my lord—”

“Justin.”

She laughed. “Do you think, Justin, we might depart from this church with a modicum of decorum?”

“I doubt I would place a bet in the book at White’s; however—”

“However, we will try,” Elizabeth said firmly.

St. Ryne held out his arm. Smiling, Elizabeth took it and together they walked down the aisle. Seeing them together, smiling, caused several who observed to wonder once again at the root of this marriage.

Elizabeth’s good humor lasted until they entered the carriage that would take them back to Rasthough House where a breakfast for the wedding party was waiting. She did not understand St. Ryne’s strange humors. One moment he could be insulting, the next understanding. She was uncertain as to how to act with him. She found herself wondering about the marriage bed. Would he be rough with her or patient with her ineptness? She blushed furiously at her thoughts, turning her head away so St. Ryne would not note her embarrassment, for how could she explain?

Delighted with her good spirits as they left the altar, St. Ryne was dismayed to see it fade when they were alone. He consoled himself with the belief he had managed to place a chink in her armor. It angered him, however, to see her turn away from him in the carriage, as if she could no longer stand his presence. Any thoughts he had of not continuing the course he’d laid out for them were swiftly laid to rest. His Kate was not yet tamed.

At Rasthough House, St. Ryne’s countenance was inexpressive as he handed his bride down from the carriage. For her part, Elizabeth kept her eyes downcast until her family claimed her attention. St. Ryne followed them into the house, nodding pleasantly to those arriving guests who’d been invited to partake of the wedding breakfast.

After the last guest arrived, St. Ryne began the play anew: “My lady, it is time we left. Go change into your riding attire so we may be on our way.”

“What!” exclaimed Elizabeth.

“Now see here, St. Ryne!” expostulated Lord Monweithe.

St. Ryne raised a hand for silence. “Hurry now, and change. We must be on our way.”

“Are you mad? We have got to stay for the breakfast!”

“Are you begging me, my sweet Bess?” St. Ryne asked.

Elizabeth swallowed hard. “Yes.”

“Then for sure we cannot stay. I will not tolerate a begging wife.”

“Well then, you can go and I will stay!” Elizabeth said angrily, whirling around to face those of the guests who stood in the hall with them, all agog with curiosity yet embarrassed to be where they were. “Come,” she invited, “let us go in to breakfast.”

“Yes, go all of you to make merry and celebrate this day. My Bess cannot be with you for she goes with me. She is my everything, and I shall protect her with my last breath,” he said loudly, then turned to speak softly to Elizabeth. “Now, do I have to undress and dress you myself or will you go get into your habit and bid your man saddle your horse? Pack only what is needful in a small portmanteau. The rest will be sent to follow. Our honeymoon tryst should be our secret.”

Too embarrassed to argue publicly with him after the events of the morning, Elizabeth flounced up the stairs to change. She was piqued at his manner yet also intrigued. Slowly she gathered items for her portmanteau, stowing them carefully away as she considered St. Ryne’s behavior. She did not know his game and was not sure she wanted to play. Refusing to change, she sat down on her bed, deciding to stall as she had done that morning with her father.

His patience exceeded her father’s by ten minutes. When he stormed into her room some thirty minutes later, Elizabeth scrambled to her feet. Belatedly she realized she erred greatly in flaunting his order.

Taking in the situation at a glance, St. Ryne strode determinedly toward Elizabeth.

“So, you prefer to ride before me on horseback. Why didn’t you tell me sooner, my love? We could have been off by now. Well come, it is time to go.”

“No! Wait! I’ll change.”

St. Ryne smiled. “It is too late now, my love,” he said softly. “Now, will you walk down the stairs before me or do you wish me to carry you?”

“You wouldn’t—”

“Wouldn’t what? You should know by now there is a great deal I will dare.”

Elizabeth shuddered slightly. Without a word she walked numbly past him and down the stairs. She listened in a daze as he ordered a warm hooded cloak for her and almost docilely followed him outside to where a groom held his horse. He threw her up onto the front of the saddle then mounted behind her. The Earl of Rasthough stood in the doorway and silently watched his son-in-law, wondering for the first time in his life what would become of his daughter, Elizabeth.





By this reck’ning he is more shrew than she.

—Act III, Scene 3



Gray fog, like wet wool, cloaked the roads and valleys, bearing with it a biting chill, a harkening of winter’s approach. For several miles, and what seemed like eons, Elizabeth held herself erect and silent, paying little heed to St. Ryne’s inane observations concerning the countryside and crops or his body’s offering of warmth and shelter. Her attempts to ascertain their destination, or even their direction, were foiled for St. Ryne assiduously avoided the main roads, taking a circular route that soon had Elizabeth lost. Time hung as heavy as the fog surrounding them.

Eventually even St. Ryne grew silent as they plodded across fields and along old cart trails. They rode for three hours—time enough for the ache in her back to become an agony then return to a dull throb. At some point she slipped closer to St. Ryne, feeling the warmth of his body on her back. She ceased to care, for such was the stuff of pride that she would exchange full measure for the warmth and dryness of a comfortable chair by a blazing fire. It was thus that their approach to Larchside went unnoticed, until the tired horse responded to his master’s pull on the reins before the steps of a feebly lit manor house.

Dazedly, Elizabeth raised her head to look about her, scarcely noting when St. Ryne encircled her slim waist to lift her down. She rested her hands on his shoulders for balance and briefly closed her eyes in relief, grateful they had reached their destination.

St. Ryne felt a surge of compassion for his beleaguered bride. She looked so frail and exhausted. He glanced up at the rundown manor and a twinge of conscience swept over him for bringing her to Larchside. Gently he set her down before him.

“Ah-h!” Cold water shocked Elizabeth to her senses. She glanced down at the icy puddle in which St. Ryne had set her. “Fool!” she gasped. Her skirts, like a candlewick to oil, were quickly drenched with water, her thin shoes soaked. Shivering, she carefully picked a path to the steps.

St. Ryne closed his eyes briefly and ground his teeth in vexation. Why was it that whenever she was complacent and he felt remorse for his actions, some incident would occur to rekindle her temper?

“I wouldn’t be at all surprised if I caught pneumonia from this jaunt of yours,” she said through clenched teeth. “Where are we? What is this place?” She looked up at the unpretentious building.

“Larchside,” St. Ryne said as he splashed toward her.

“Larchside?”

“Yes. Your settlement.” He stooped to pick her up.

“Justin! What are you doing? Put me down!”

“Never, for we progress,” St. Ryne replied, carrying her up the steps. “That is the second time you have called me by name. Henceforth I shall live for the day it comes trippingly off your tongue,” he said.

The front door of Larchside creaked open, and any scathing comments Elizabeth would have returned died. She tightly compressed her lips and turned her head away from St. Ryne’s mocking countenance.

“Thank you, Atheridge,” St. Ryne said as he carried Elizabeth into the hall, setting her down gently. “This is my wife,” he said with a curious smile on his face. “The Viscountess St. Ryne.” He removed the sodden cloak from around her shoulders, handing it to Atheridge.

“My lady,” Atheridge returned dutifully, bowing before her.

Stunned, Elizabeth scarcely paid heed, her mind reeling from the scene before her. There was dirt and dust everywhere. She took a hesitant step into the hall, running a shaking finger over a side table, its surface sticky with grime. She wrinkled her nose at the close, musty smell of the house and the acrid odor of the cheap candles sputtering in their sockets and leaving soot streaks on the wall. At her feet, the colors of what was once a magnificent Aubusson carpet were indistinguishable. A look of horror and disgust captured her features.

St. Ryne noted her reaction with satisfaction. He relaxed, leaning back on his heels. He glanced at the waiting butler. “Is there a fire laid in the library? Good,” he said as Atheridge nodded. “We shall repair to that room for the moment. Be so good as to have Mrs. Atheridge step up here please.”

“Yes, my lord,” Atheridge replied, his thin nose fairly twitching as he backed quickly away. Hurrying toward the kitchen, he scratched his head at the strange homecoming of the Viscount, wondering if Tunning could make any sense of it.





“All right, you have had your joke,” Elizabeth said rounding on him as he closed the library door behind him. “What is it you expect me to do? Faint? Cry? What is your pleasure, my lord?” The title dripped acid. She spun away from him to flick back Holland covers from chairs, coughing at the billows of dust she raised.

St. Ryne watched her in silence, and then a slow smile crossed his face. “But, Bess, this is your home. Did you not see the marriage settlement? A property called Larchside was deeded to you. This is it.”

“This?” Elizabeth gasped out, her eyes streaming from the dust.

St. Ryne nodded, a crooked smile twisting his features to sardonic amusement.

“How dare you! You make a mockery of-of—”

“Tradition?” St. Ryne offered softly as he walked toward her.

Elizabeth took an involuntary step backward, suddenly nervous before the stranger who was her husband. Determined not to show it, her temper flared hotter. “Yes, tradition, if you will. My father, in a mistaken idea of what was in my best interests, negotiated this miserable alliance with you and you have, at every turn, made it a mockery. You, sir, are an insult to your rank!”

“And are you any better?” St. Ryne asked with a laugh. “Like to like, my dear,” he said, cupping her chin in his hand and forcing her to come closer to him and look up at him.

Elizabeth’s eyes blazed at hearing her father’s words echoed. She knocked his hand away. “Swine!” she hissed then turned to continue removing dust covers. Behind her St. Ryne laughed aloud and she cringed at hearing it, knowing she had not the power to put him in his place. He seemed to have an impenetrable hide.

At a knock on the door, St. Ryne turned away from watching his infuriated beauty. “Enter.”

Mrs. Atheridge dourly opened the door. “You sent for me, my lord?” she asked, hesitating briefly before acknowledging his rank in an insolent manner which, though lost on the Viscount, was not on the Viscountess. Elizabeth’s eyes flew open wide then narrowed to study the dark, squat figure before them. Mrs. Atheridge’s gray streaked hair, raked painfully back from her face, emphasized her slab shaped features and beady eyes. The dress she wore was black and of a severe cut, but Elizabeth could hear the rustle of silk petticoats and knew expensive material when she saw it. Despite the stark black color and lack of ostentation in her dress, this squat black beetle seemed oddly at variance with her surroundings.

She schooled her features to an aloofness she was far from feeling in order to study better this second member of her husband’s bizarre staff.

“Ah! Mrs. Atheridge,” hailed St. Ryne at her appearance. “My bride and I,” he said, winking at Elizabeth, “would like our dinner in one hour. We have had a long trip and unavoidably had to miss our breakfast. As you may imagine, we are quite famished.”

“One hour, my lord,” she said, bobbing diffidently. “Though I ain’t serving much ’cause there ain’t much here.”

“Sustenance is all we require. Immediately, however, conduct my lady-wife,” he said, emphasizing wife slightly as he gestured in Elizabeth’s direction, “to her room.” Turning to Elizabeth who stood stiffly behind a chair she had uncovered, he smirked. “Bess, my love, I know you must wish to change out of those wet garments.” He let his gaze slide slowly down her figure, visually undressing her. “There are some dry things in the cupboard upstairs. I believe I have your size right. Regardless, they should do until your baggage arrives in two or three days.”

Elizabeth had blushed when he turned to her, but at the last her eyes flew open again and her face drained of color. How dare he? How dare he treat her like a common trollop! Elizabeth started to open her mouth to issue a scathing remark when Mrs. Atheridge, standing in the doorway sourly watching them, broke in: “Well, come then, I ain’t got all day.” She turned to leave the room.

Elizabeth was torn in her course of action. She didn’t like the housekeeper and didn’t care for her insolent tongue, but she also was loath to stay with the Viscount. After biting her lower lip in frustration, she tossed her head and with a swish of skirts followed Mrs. Atheridge out of the room and up the stairs, forcing herself to block out the sound of the Viscount’s laughter.

The bedroom Mrs. Atheridge conducted her to was cold, yet appeared cleaner than other parts of the house. Still, the room bore a musty smell and the furniture a film of grime. That it was the master bedroom there could be no doubt by the look of the large canopied bed set on a raised dais. The head of the bed was on the same wall as the entrance door. The far wall was all curved windows with two doors leading out onto a narrow terrace. Looking out into the gloom beyond the terrace, she noted the tangled mess of the park below. Both side walls had doors leading, Elizabeth supposed, to dressing rooms for herself and St. Ryne. The room was hung with blue drapes and lighter blue wallpaper, scorched and discolored here and there. It had probably at one time been an attractive room.

She prowled the room restlessly as Mrs. Atheridge struggled to light a fire. She breathed a sigh of relief when she noted the chimney drawing cleanly. Mrs. Atheridge placed a pot of hot water on a hook in the fireplace and bowed her way out.

The warmth of the fire drew Elizabeth to it. She basked in its comforting glow a moment until with a start she realized she needed to change. After the morning episode, she did not dare speculate as to what the insane man below would do if she failed to change this time. Rip her dress from her body? Elizabeth blushed at the thought though there was an odd warmth surging through her that had nothing to do with the heat from the flames.

The first door she tried led to what was obviously St. Ryne’s dressing room. Elizabeth was surprised to see a narrow bed in the room but supposed it to have been used by those tending the house’s previous owner. She shut the door quickly, half afraid St. Ryne would enter and find her standing in the doorway. The second door gave on to her dressing room, or so she surmised on seeing her portmanteau standing by a large wardrobe. With a grimace she approached the cupboard, wondering what flights of fancy the clothing he chose would be. She imagined the low-cut gaudy gowns she had seen on courtesans at the theater and in the parks. Flinging open the doors, she braced herself for the peacock array.

Her jaw dropped in astonishment at the clothing that met her eyes. The peacock looked more like a pigeon. Dresses there were in the wardrobe—new ones too—but where Elizabeth had envisioned flashy reds with daring necklines hung gray, mauve, and dun-colored dresses. New, yes, but simple in design, almost austere. Dresses suited to a paid companion or governess. Elizabeth shook her head in bewilderment. Examining each carefully, she owned they did look her size, but not one of them could be described as anything other than plain and serviceable.

She pulled out a wool mauve gown. It was trimmed at collar and cuffs with a narrow banding of lace. It appeared to be the most decorative of the dresses. A smile curled her lips as she contemplated it while her trembling fingers worked to loosen the gown she wore. Donning the mauve dress, she walked over to the long looking glass in the corner of the room. Smiling still she pulled her hair severely away from her face and observed the look. Pleased, she whirled back to her portmanteau, tossing about the room the few items she had managed to stuff in on short notice. Deep inside she found a packet of hair pins. Working swiftly before the mirror, she pulled her hair into a bun at the back of her head, When she was done she held her hands primly before her to study the effect. She saw a thin creature with bony features but large, luminescent eyes. The eyes bothered her, for they were her best feature and she did not want anything about her to look good. She shrugged slightly, watching the effect in the mirror. There was really nothing she could do about her eyes. Satisfied with her demure appearance, she descended the stairs to the library below.

St. Ryne was seated in a wing chair by the fire, a glass of wine dangling from his long fingers as he stared broodingly into the flames. He had not bothered to change and no further improvements had been made to the room. He glanced up only briefly, a twisted smile curling his lips, then turned back to his contemplation of the blaze before him.

“Come in, my lady wife,” he said softly as he stared into the flickering flames.

Elizabeth had sworn to herself she would be cool and remote, but his lack of courtesy in failing to rise when she entered and his sneering smile raised her ire, color flooding her cheeks. Eyes flashing, she came to stand before St. Ryne, her arms akimbo, hands on her hips.

St. Ryne looked up at her, raising his glass in mock salute. “Be merry, Bess!”

Despite herself, Elizabeth’s lips twitched, but she said angrily, “Are you already drowning your sorrows for the bad match you have entered into? Come come, my lord, it was at your insistence, not mine.”

“This house is a ruin,” he said abruptly.

Elizabeth blinked and cocked her head to one side as she warily observed him. “Yes,” she said slowly. “You have certainly let the estate fall into disrepair.”

“Not I. It was in this state before I inherited it. But it is perfect for my purposes,” he said, tossing off his glass of wine and rising to his feet in one fluid movement.

Elizabeth was so surprised by the suddenness of his movement that she involuntarily took a step backward.

“Afraid, Bess?” he asked, taking a step closer and smiling lazily down at her.

Elizabeth felt a strange lurching feeling in the pit of her stomach as she looked up into his face. Flustered for a moment, she strove to relax and speak icily to him in return.

“We were speaking of this manor, rather this excuse for a manor house. I understand you lived out of the country for a time; am I also to understand you have developed a taste for the barbaric, slovenly life style?”

“Blame it on the sun. It seems to be the catch-all for my sins.”

Elizabeth held herself erect. The only sign of her tension was her hands clasped tightly before her. “Not even that could explain them all,” she said scornfully, then gasped, “No!!” as he reached out for her, but his hands only rested on her shoulders to propel her around and before she could stop him, he ruthlessly pulled the pins from her hair until it fell down around her shoulders. As it fell, St. Ryne caught a handful of the silken stuff, then let it fall, combing it into place slowly with his fingers. His touch sent shivers down Elizabeth’s spine. She pulled sharply away, her color high and her eyes bright. To cover her confusion she lashed out at him.

“Don’t touch me!”

“Then don’t put your hair up,” he said, tossing the hairpins into the fire.

Elizabeth made an inarticulate cry and grabbed his arm to stop him, but was too late. She stared into the flames for a moment longer before becoming aware she still held his arm. She backed away swiftly, or would have had not St. Ryne caught her around the waist. She struggled to get away from him yet he held her firm. She knew his strength was superior to hers, and knew the futility of trying to break away; so she abruptly stopped and looked coldly up at him, hoping he did not notice her rapidly beating heart.

St. Ryne loosened his hold when he felt her struggles cease and to her surprise, let her go. With one long finger he tipped her chin up to him and smiled down into her rigid features.

“Don’t fight me, Bess,” he said softly, then dropped his hand and turned away toward his chair.

A knock at the door startled both of them. It was Atheridge, come to announce dinner.

“My lady,” St. Ryne said, offering Elizabeth his arm. Elizabeth looked at it scornfully and moved to walk past him, but he caught her and draped her arm over his, chuckling as he did so. “You have a lot to learn, my spoiled darling.”

Elizabeth chose to ignore him, knowing she had not found a way to get under his skin at all and also knowing he had gotten under hers.

The dining room was in the back of the house with windows on three sides all heavily draped in a dark velvet material so old and discolored that Elizabeth wondered at its original color. A burgundy, she surmised by the silk tassels that still retained some of that hue. It was a large room with a rococo-style ceiling and a large marble fireplace. But if the two rooms she had seen thus far had perturbed her with their layers of dust, the dining room was revolting. The thought of eating any food in such filth was nauseating. Cobwebs covered the ornate chandelier and covered the delicate designs in the ceiling. The table had obviously been given only a cursory swipe with a dust cloth in anticipation of their meals and Elizabeth, looking at the chairs, was certain the dress she was wearing would be more gray than mauve when she rose again from dinner. To her consternation, St. Ryne appeared not to notice the condition of the room but blithely conducted her to a chair to his right while he took the chair at the head of the table.

“We will dine informally tonight, all right, my love?”

Elizabeth glared at him but did not deign to respond. If she could not get the best of him verbally, she would try silence and see how he liked that.

Atheridge served dinner and it was a meal to further depress Elizabeth’s appetite. The soup was thick and floury, but the lamb was revolting, swimming in its own fat and was barely warm. St. Ryne reacted to that, demanding to know why he must serve them cold meat.

“Beg pardon my lord, but it being so far from the kitchen—” the man whined in return.

“Remove it man! If that is your best, we’ll fast tonight and mend matters tomorrow. Come, Bess.” He grabbed her by the elbow and pulling her out of her chair, propelled her before him, stopping long enough for the port bottle and his glass before guiding her into the library once again.

“Sit down,” he said, pushing her into a chair across from his. Without a word she sat stiffly, looking everywhere save at her husband. She was very tired and felt her shoulders long to droop and relax; however, she forced herself to remain rigid. She would have loved to go to bed but was afraid to suggest it fearing what actions he would take then.

She did not feel ready to deal with the intimacies of marriage, particularly to this stranger who was her husband. The day had been a mockery. Would he also make a mockery of the marriage bed? She squeezed her eyes shut to hold back a freshening of tears. Glancing over at him, she noted him drinking steadily and dimly hoped he would drink himself to sleep as her father was wont to do.

She was surprised when sometime later she felt a soft touch on her shoulder and looked up to find the Viscount’s eyes inches away from hers. With a start she realized she’d fallen asleep and was leaning back against the cushions, her cheek pillowed against the chair wing.

“Come,” he said, stretching out his hand.

Without thought, Elizabeth placed her hand in his and allowed him to draw her to her feet. His free arm swept around her waist to guide her toward the door. At his touch, all realization returned to Elizabeth and the color fled her face. St. Ryne dropped his arm as he opened the door for her and followed her out. Elizabeth walked slowly toward the stairs, her heart in her throat. She was surprised when St. Ryne did not take her arm again. She hurried slightly ahead of him up the stairs to avoid contact. He laughed softly and followed her into the bedchamber.

“Are you so impatient for my caresses, my love?”

Elizabeth froze. She began to tremble and crossed the room to the fireplace to warm her hands though she knew full well she was not trembling from the cold.

Behind her she heard St. Ryne breath in sharply. She closed her eyes, trembling once again while she tried to will her body to stop, to be cold and aloof. She concentrated so hard, she did not hear St. Ryne cross the room and was only snapped into awareness by the click of a closing door. Startled, she straightened and looked around the room. St. Ryne was gone.

Swiftly she crossed to the connecting door then the main door to lock them, only to find there were no keys. She eyed the furniture, but unfortunately they were all solid, heavy pieces—too big for her to move in front of a door.

A little uncertainly, she removed the mauve dress then swiftly donned her new, white, lawn nightgown. She looked about the room again, half expecting St. Ryne to appear. Bewildered, Elizabeth picked up her brush from the vanity and sat before the fire, waiting and listening as she brushed her hair with long even strokes. Eventually she heard St. Ryne moving about in his dressing room. She froze, expecting him to enter. She closed her eyes and lifted a trembling hand to the neckline of her nightgown, drawing it more closely about her. She winced as first one boot then the other was heard to hit the floor followed by a muffled rustling. She opened her eyes and rose slowly to face the door. She strained her hearing to catch the first signs of the door opening. Instead she heard the narrow bed she had seen in St. Ryne’s dressing room creak as it received his weight, then the house was silent. Confused, Elizabeth tentatively crossed to the big empty bed on the dais. Crawling in, she pulled the blankets snugly about her as she huddled on one side. She was exhausted and her stomach churned in hunger. Sleep, however, was a long way away.





Where is the life that late I led?

—Act III, Scene 3



It was a feather faintly brushing her nose, a grain of pepper floating in the air; sleepily Elizabeth twitched her nose then turned her head to bury her face deep into the pillow. The irritating tickle remained. After squirming uselessly under the covers for a moment, she raised her head. There appeared to be no stopping it. Her eyes clenched shut, almost tearing from the plaguing irritant.

Ah-Ahchoo!

Elizabeth’s eyes flew open in horrified dismay. Quickly she looked about, her befuddled mind wondering if anyone had been witness to her very unladylike sneeze. Dazedly she surveyed her surroundings. This was not her room. This was not Rasthough Ah-Ah-Ahchoo! House. Then she remembered with sickening clarity St. Ryne, the wedding, the house. She bolted upright in bed, flinging off the bed covers, sending a cloud of silver motes into the air.

Ahchoo! Ahchoo! Sneezes racked her body, her eyes watering. Elizabeth fumbled for the reticule she had discarded so casually the day before, searching frantically for the square of linen it contained. How could she ever have forgotten all the dust? Ahch— She jammed the handkerchief tightly to her face and closed her eyes thankfully when the threatening sneeze stopped. As quietly as possible, she blew her nose until the tickle subsided then slumped down in relief on the edge of the bed.

Dust. Even in the morning dimness of a room shut off from the outside, dust was evident everywhere. Only her fatigued state, shattered nerves, and the flickering shadows cast in the candlelit room the evening before had prevented her from noting how thick the bedchamber was with dust. Reluctantly she rose and crossed to the terrace windows, dragging the heavy curtains back to let strands of pale autumn sun into the room. For a moment she just stood, her face turned up to the sun, feeling the warmth seep into her body. She looked out the windows onto the grounds of the park below.

Silver dew clung to bushes and branches, glinting off the tangled growth. There was a strange beauty to the park, a sense of unreality. Was this all a dream, some nightmarish incantation to lure and confuse? Childishly, Elizabeth pressed her face up to the glass. The cold touch sent her shivering back a step though her eyes never left the peace she perceived in the tangled growth below.

Rounding the corner of a wild overgrown hedge came St. Ryne, sending a shimmer of water droplets flying as he brushed past. Instinctively Elizabeth drew away from the window, not wanting to be seen yet by her husband. She didn’t understand the events of the previous day. Her dreams had been fraught with confusion and anguish. She needed time to sort through her myriad emotions and experiences. Curious, she stood to the side of the curtain and watched. He appeared to be talking to someone. A rotund gentleman followed from behind the bush. He wore brown buckskin breeches and a brown homespun coat and vest. The top of his head was bald and shiny in the morning sun, while his fringe of hair at the sides was thick and unfashionably long. He held his hat obsequiously in his hands before him. She saw St. Ryne glance up to her windows while absently nodding to something the gentleman said. The man continued to speak, gesturing in the direction of the stables. Finally St. Ryne rounded on him, his expression full of exasperation. Then, with an arrogant wave of his hand, indicating the fellow should follow, he led with quick strides toward the stables.

Elizabeth watched until they were out of sight, not realizing how hard she had clenched the edge of the curtain until she slowly uncurled her fingers and an agony of released tensed muscles brought her to her senses. Sighing, Elizabeth turned away from the window to face the room, the sun at her back illuminating its woebegone appearance.

A simmering anger swept her. Now fully awake, she took in all the details around her while replaying the events of the previous evening in her mind. She looked toward her dressing room, a delicate eyebrow raised. “All right,” she muttered wrathfully. “If it’s a housekeeper you want, it’s a housekeeper you’ll get. No more, no less.” She stalked over to the bell pull, giving it an imperious yank, and then entered the dressing room to contemplate her choice of attire.

Mrs. Atheridge arrived as she was struggling with the hooks of a dun-colored gown. Elizabeth heaved a sigh of relief. Though the gowns St. Ryne provided were in color and basic styling all demure, some, she discovered to her dismay, did need assistance from an outside source.

“Mrs. Atheridge, would you get these hooks, please?”

“I ain’t no lady’s maid.”

Shocked, Elizabeth rounded on her. “Believe me, Mrs. Atheridge, there are a number of things I am aware you are not.” She paused, drawing her dignity about her. “The question of a lady’s maid shall be remedied immediately, nonetheless, until such time as this household is properly staffed, you shall provide any services I deem needing to be completed by your person.” Her voice was low, almost pleasant; however, the gold metal glint in her eye told another tale and Mrs. Atheridge took a step backward.

“Of course, my lady,” she returned sweetly.

Elizabeth squelched a rising desire to throttle her.

The swish of the housekeeper’s skirts as she approached reminded Elizabeth of the silk petticoats hiding beneath. A twinkle brightened her eye. It was time this black beetle crawled.

“Our want of proper staffing will, I am afraid, increase our burdens. This house is an insult to my husband’s rank and, of course, we cannot let it remain in such a condition. We shall begin work following breakfast, that is if you have anything decent to serve.”

“Bread and a mite of cheese, is all.”

Her deletion of a title of respect was quite obvious. “That will do. I shall request Atheridge to go down to the village to see if there are any people available for day labor.” She rooted through her portmanteau for a kerchief. “Some women and perhaps some young men for the heavy work, I think, if they can be spared from their normal labors. You will gather as many buckets, mops, rags, and assorted cleaning paraphernalia as may be had,” she said, draping the kerchief over her hair and tying it behind her head. “If necessary, we will also send Atheridge to buy or borrow additional supplies.”

Mrs. Atheridge nodded sourly and turned to leave.

“Mrs. Atheridge!”

“Yes, my lady,” she said sullenly, turning back to Elizabeth.

“I suggest you remove the silk petticoats.”

Affronted, the housekeeper stood up straighter, clasping her hands crisply before her. “My lady?” she asked in feinted bewilderment.

Elizabeth noted her eyes shifting slightly. “With all I have planned, they will become quite ruined, you know. That will be all.”





“Oh, do be careful, Thomas.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

Elizabeth anxiously watched the young man standing on the tall ladder unhook the glass pendants from the chandelier. “Though it is a fright now, I daresay it will be lovely when properly cleaned. Can you get it down?”

“I think so, ma’am, if we removes these bobbles first.”

"My Lady, to you, young man,” screeched Atheridge, entering the dining room with more rags in hand.

Elizabeth frowned, though she ignored Atheridge’s words. He dumped the rags at the foot of the ladder, scowled up at Thomas, and turned to shuffle out of the room.

She and Thomas exchanged speaking glances. Throughout the morning, her doubts and concerns about the butler and housekeeper had magnified. She found them trying to hinder everything she desired to do. Atheridge only went to secure the help she needed to clean the manor after she threatened to go herself. Mrs. Atheridge tried to claim a lack of proper buckets and cleaning utensils until Elizabeth suggested she go to the stables, collect the unused buckets there, and proceed to scrub them until they were fit to carry clean water. Miraculously four buckets were found within the house. Though her blood boiled at the obvious duplicity, Elizabeth pretended a delighted surprise which she was far from feeling. What puzzled Elizabeth was the reason for their obstructive actions. Despite the lack of cooperation from the Atheridges, the work commenced.

The shadows were lengthening, and it was near teatime. By this hour Elizabeth knew the shelves and cupboards in the kitchen and the fitted stone floor had been scrubbed, and all cobwebs swept away from dark corners. Fresh, simple foods had been fetched from the village and filled clean pantry shelves. The dining room, though not completely clean as yet, no longer revolted her appetite. The rotted drapes had been removed revealing beautiful mullioned windows. The furniture, while unfashionably heavy and dark, took on a rich warm hue when cleaned and oiled. Elizabeth was convinced that once cleaned, the chandelier above would sparkle and cast rainbow lights into the room. If the restoration of the master bedroom and the library were going half as well, she would be pleased. She should check on the workers’ progress since it was time to send them on their way. She hoped they would return on the morrow.

Elizabeth drew the back of her hand across her forehead, brushing an escaping lock of dark hair out of her eyes. She was bone-tired, yet strangely it felt good. She had worked beside the village help, pulling down musty curtains and wall hangings, shifting furniture about, attacking cobwebs. She had been too busy to think about her marriage and St. Ryne’s actions, which suited her perfectly. A brief frown creased her brow. He would most likely be returning soon, if he hadn’t run from his mockery of a marriage as he had from their conjugal bed, a circumstance, she admitted, not without favor. Her stomach rumbled. She clamped a hand to her middle as if to still the vulgar sound while she watched Thomas carefully take apart the chandelier.

St. Ryne stood quietly in the doorway of the dining room. The manor was a veritable beehive of activity. It would appear half the village had come to help clean Larchside, undoubtedly out of curiosity more than any other reason. Were they sated? What stories would be passed over a mug of ale, in the shops, and on the road? He watched Elizabeth directing the efforts of a strapping young man removing the chandelier. She was concentrating intensely and a small frown played across her features. The hem of her gown was black, the large cook’s apron she’d tied on over her dress was streaked with gray, and a smudge graced her cheek-bone. A hideous kerchief covered her glorious hair, though a few wisps escaped to curl and cling to her damp brow. Shadows were lengthening, and it would soon be too dark to work. St. Ryne felt a curious tightening in his chest as he watched her. Was this his shrew? His Katharine?

He saw her press her hand to her middle. Was she not well?

“My lady.” His voice sounded rusty and harsh to his ears.

She whirled around to face him, a slight flush creeping up to stain her cheeks. He cleared his throat, but the tightening in his chest seemed to have affected his voice as well.

“St. Ryne?” she queried, a watchful wariness in her voice.

“It appears all the dirt of Larchside has been transferred upon your person.” He managed a slight smirk to cover his confusion.

Elizabeth stepped toward him, a self-mocking smile upon her lips. “It is not to be surprised.”

“How so? Are there not servants to attend to the manor?”

Her smile vanished. “Nay, sir, there are not! These are good village folk, come to help clean this wretched sty, and come more out of curiosity than for coin.”

St. Ryne’s eyes flew to Thomas poised on the ladder, listening intently to their conversation.

Elizabeth caught his glance and flushed anew.

“Thomas,” she said carefully, drawing herself to her fullest height, her hands placed primly before her. “I fear it is too dark to do more today. We may cause the chandelier to fall if we work in fading light. Will you come tomorrow?”

“Certainly, my lady.” Thomas scampered down the ladder, his inquisitive eyes capering between the Viscountess and Viscount.

“Thank you. Please convey my thanks to the others and ask that they return tomorrow as well, if they please.”

“Yes, my lady.”

After Thomas left, Elizabeth smiled, recalling her day’s labors. St. Ryne, seeing her secret smile, wished he knew her thoughts and fleetingly regretted she did not smile so for him.

“They worked hard today,” she said softly. She glanced ruefully down at the soiled apron covering her dress. “I could not begin to direct their labors without knowing what must needs be done myself.”

St. Ryne raised an eyebrow. “To judge what must be done requires doing?”

“To judge what will stay and go, to examine long-closed rooms and shut-away items, in short answer, yes.” She rounded on him, tiring of the smirks and innuendos she perceived. He would not again get the best of her in a verbal duel. “Lest you would desire to live in a sty or stable. If that is the case, I can in good conscience recommend the stable. I haven’t sent anyone to clean there.”

“Pray, don’t.”

“Why ever not?”

“In truth, I am debating the merits of removing the structure entirely and building anew.”

“Ah, I comprehend the matter,” she said, nodding sagely. “The best for one’s horse, forsake the rest. Or am I to remove there when it is completed? No, forgive me, my tongue runs away with me. I am not a mount you choose to ride.”

Appalled at her words, Elizabeth turned hastily from St. Ryne, missing entirely that gentleman’s wide-eyed surprise and delight. His bride’s words suggested an agitation of spirit and perhaps chagrin as well. He was not ill-pleased. It would appear Petruchio’s formula drew merit.

In a flurry of embarrassment, Elizabeth opened the dining room doors and hurried down the hall to the library where she had assigned Mrs. Atheridge to work. St. Ryne followed at her heels.

“Mrs. Atheridge!” she called out in a cracking, flustered voice. “Mrs. Atheridge, have the villagers all left?”

“Yes, my lady,” she grudgingly acknowledged.

“Will they return tomorrow?”

“Yes, though you should have relayed that request through me, not through that snip of a lad!”

“Mrs. Atheridge,” Elizabeth began quellingly.

St. Ryne laid a hand upon her arm. “She was in conference with me and it was expeditiously done. As we lack proper retainers, form, my dear Mrs. Atheridge, bears no form.”

Mrs. Atheridge sniffed and sketched a curtsy. “Beg pardon, my lord.”

Elizabeth’s eyes narrowed upon her. She was incensed at St. Ryne’s drawing her fire. Mrs. Atheridge was well due for a dressing down. Her eye ran over the housekeeper’s figure; her dress hung limply about her stocky frame, the silk petticoats dispensed. A measure of self-satisfaction filled Elizabeth and she found herself speaking with a quiet tongue. “Bring tea to the library, please. Afterward you may begin the dinner preparations.”

Elizabeth continued into the library, without sparing the housekeeper a glance to see if her orders were obeyed. For all her obstructionist tactics of the day, Elizabeth felt sure she would not dare a blatant disregard for a command, particularly with St. Ryne present. She could not say, however, that she envisioned an appetizing dinner. Replacing Mrs. Atheridge in the kitchen would be one of her first concerns.

She moved gracefully into the room to stand by the fireplace and critically scan the room. It would do. All traces of grime had been removed from the wainscoting and furniture and some pieces had already received a fresh coating of wax or oil. Half of the books were cleaned and replaced in their shelves, the rest stood in stacks upon the floor. There remained a musty smell about the room, but with time and care she felt it could be banished. She studied the chairs and drapes, contemplating replacement fabric. She entirely forgot St. Ryne’s presence until the sound of a chair being dragged across the floor roused her from her reverie.

St. Ryne placed one of the wing chairs by the fireplace, gesturing that she should sit. He then drew up the other for himself. A nervous flutter traveled through Elizabeth.

“Am I amiss in setting to rights my settlement?” She spoke coolly, refusing to acknowledge the flutters in her body or to consider their source.

“No-no. Not at all. But, Bess, must you look so-so—”

“Common? Bourgeois?” she asked archly, indicating her attire.

“Common?” St. Ryne laughed. “You, my dear, could never be common. In that attire, though, you appear entirely too menial for a Viscountess.”

“They say pride doth come before a fall. May I be so bold as to remind you that, aside from the coating of dirt and this apron, my appearance is precisely how you framed me when you ordered my, what would you call it? My trousseau?”

St. Ryne had the grace to blush. He clenched his teeth tightly until the muscle in his jaw jumped. There were no quotes or phrases from Shakespeare to cover this encounter. It occurred to St. Ryne that the bard left out a good bit of interchange between Petruchio and his Katharine for brevity’s sake. His bride was sharp-tongued and sharp-witted; this, coupled with her dark beauty, caused his pulse to quicken considerably. There were no rules or guidelines, no lines save of his own invention. So be it. It was no great matter to postulate Petruchio’s reaction under like circumstances and act accordingly.

He pulled his wife to her feet, drew her into his arms, and kissed her.

Elizabeth’s astonishment was lost in a sea of sensation crashing in upon her, crumbling rock hard walls of preconceptions and attitudes. She stood pliant under the pressure of his lips, alive to his breathing, her own heartbeat, his scent of woods and horse, and to a sudden dizzying warmth in the room. Her eyes shut, her senses savoring the kiss as one would sample and savor a well-laid-out feast. She could neither move nor speak; she could merely absorb. For the first time since she was a child in Hattie’s care, she felt tenderness. She responded as a crocus would to winter’s thaw.

St. Ryne slowly raised his head. She opened her eyes to meet his fathomless dark ones intent upon her face. A small sigh, a gentle release of air, escaped her lips, lost in the crack and pop of a log as it broke and fell into the fire sending forth a rain of sparks. A flare of red touched her cheek, blending with the rosy glow cast by the fire. St. Ryne dropped her arms and walked to the desk.

He ran a finger over its polished surface then sat down in the chair behind it. A hooded expression claimed his features, making them as noncommittal as the hands he folded and placed before him on the desk.

“My lady, wife.” He paused. Every ounce of fortitude he possessed was harnessed to maintain his air of calm. The kiss he had bestowed in masculine arrogance as a lesson made him the student. For him, touching Elizabeth was like touching a spark to dry tinder. Yet she remained unmoved.

Egads! How could a cold wench ignite such hot fires within him? There had to be a fiery passion buried within her. How else could her temper flare so? His skin still tingled from touching her while she stood there impassively as if nothing had occurred.

His knuckles whitened as he twisted his fingers together in frustration. Patience. It would take patience. While Shakespeare’s play was over in a matter of hours, he could not expect his rough wooing to have a desired effect in so short a time.

He looked at her steadily, his voice exactingly neutral. “Enough frivolous dalliance for the moment. We have business to discuss.”

“Friv-?” She blinked rapidly in shocked surprise. Her entire world had just turned upside down, and he sat there as if they had just been discussing the weather. A scream of vexation clogged her throat while a shimmering veil of tears blurred her vision. How dare he mock her further! She could stand no more.

Wildly, she looked about. Her eyes lighted upon a china dog placed on a mantel during the day’s cleaning. It was a horrid, hulking beast. She grabbed it up quickly. The thought that it and St. Ryne were a fitting pair came moments before the object left her hand on its way to his head.

He ducked it easily enough and the figurine crashed harmlessly against the bookcase sending slivers of china flying. He glanced at the shattered statue then rose from his chair to come around the desk toward her. Elizabeth backed away from his silent approach. Reaching blindly behind her, she sought for other items to grab, with a desire to ward him off rather than to vent her frustrations. She did not like the implacable look in his eye. It sent a chill of alarm through her body.

Her searching hand met a candlestick. It also fell harmlessly past him. Next she grabbed a heavy tome to hurl at his head only to have him clasp her wrist and wrench the book from her hand.

“No! No! Let me go!” she cried, twisting and turning in his grasp.

He caught her with his other hand and hauled her thrashing body toward him.

“Enough!” he grunted suddenly and an oomph sound whistled through his teeth when she caught him in the stomach with her elbow. “Elizabeth!” he roared, shaking her like a rag doll.

“No! Leave me alone!” Her struggles weakened. Tears streamed down her cheeks.

“Elizabeth—Bess, love—listen to me!”

“No!” she cried wildly then flung herself on his shoulder, sobbing. He had kept her off balance and confused since their first meeting with his odd fits and starts. Now, all the pent-up emotions she’d gathered came spewing forth. With the tension released, there was no dam to halt the outpouring.

She heard him murmuring, but the words came from a long way off, without coherent meaning.

When she settled down to gulping sobs, she pulled away from him, staring down at the worn carpet. Without a word she turned toward the fireplace. Like the china dog, her pride lay shattered at her feet. She supposed the outburst had been inevitable. She remembered that yesterday she had wished for a new beginning with this wedding. Was it so recently? It seemed forever. A rush of self-pity consumed her, angering her for she would not be its slave.

“My word,” she managed shakily, “I’d heard a new bride was wont to be weepy.” She laughed tightly. “I had not imagined I would as well.” She wiped her cheeks with the back of her hand then turned defiantly to face St. Ryne.

“Mrs. Atheridge should have been here by now,” she said calmly. “I shall go check on tea.”

Her eyes still glistened, and her color ran high but she did not have a blotchy complexion as most women did after a bout of tears. To St. Ryne she looked more gloriously beautiful than ever before.

After she left, he eased himself into one of the winged chairs by the fireplace and stared broodingly into the flames. He didn’t understand the reason for her outburst of temper and tears; however, he was not disgusted by the display as he would have been from another woman. He realized if he could rouse her to such emotional heights in anger, then there was a possibility of doing so in passion as well. Perhaps he needed to squelch the anger avenues as Petruchio had done with his Kate, thereby leaving passion as her solace for release.

He looked up when the door opened, watching through heavily hooded eyes Elizabeth’s fluid movements as she directed the placement of the tea tray. A plan for handling his Kate in this next match slowly jelled in his mind. He smiled at her and murmured a thank you as she handed him a cup and saucer.

“We will need new paint, wallpaper, drapes, and upholstery if we are to put this pile of rubble to rights. I shall have craftsmen and samples sent to Larchside from London when I am in town.”

“Wouldn’t it be faster to write?” she asked coolly, content to follow his conversational gambit. Her outburst of emotion had left her drained and sick with remorse.

“Not at all. I shall be returning to town tomorrow, myself. You may look for the first of the craftsmen and samples to arrive as early as the day after.”

“You’re leaving?”

“Yes. I have asked Tom Tunning, the estate agent, to step around after dinner so you may meet him and discuss your household needs and expenses while I am away.” He studied her dispassionately. “You know, you have shown me on two occasions now that you have no appreciation for the value of money.”

“What?” Her cup clattered down on the tray.

“Your penchant for throwing and breaking objects proves your lack of respect for money. Therefore, I have decided that you will have no allowance and all requests for money, no matter what for, must be made before commitments are contracted. There will be no credit extended. I will inform tradesmen to this effect.”

“How dare you? You’re insane!”

He took a sip of his tea before calmly continuing. “While I am away, Tom Tunning will have control of all discretionary funds.”

Elizabeth surged to her feet, her entire body trembling, with anger and her eyes glowing like molten gold. She struggled for words, her lips moving soundlessly. St. Ryne expectantly awaited her entirely justifiable tirade, but she closed her mouth abruptly. When finally she did speak, her voice was low and controlled: “Excuse me, I need to freshen up before dinner.”

Head held high, she regally quitted the room in her frumpish, dirt-streaked frock.

St. Ryne slumped down in his chair. He wished he saw his way clearly. He had hoped to push her to anger and then sweep her into his arms again, channeling her anger to passion. She fooled him by the tight check she maintained on her temper. He sighed and set down his cup. Once again his course was set, and he would see it through. What would be the outcome of this latest turn of events? Surely Petruchio’s way was not so dark and twisting. He rubbed his temples, willing the throbbing there to cease. Wearily he rose to go change for dinner.





Thus have I politicly begun my reign And 'tis my hope to end successfully.

—Act III, Scene 3



A Mona Lisa smile curved Elizabeth’s lips when she viewed her décolletage neckline. The effect was alluring and shockingly fast.

A little more than an hour had passed since she entered her dressing room in an impotent rage, her anger and frustration given vent in a wild frenzy. How could he be so unforgivably rude, so cold-blooded? It was certainly bad enough that she played the unaccommodating shrew in society; however, to quit one’s spouse within days of exchanging vows was an insult difficult to swallow. Duels were fought with far less provocation. Angrily she ripped the dresses St. Ryne had supplied her from the wardrobe and flung them about the room. They fell, scattered, like wilted weeds yanked from a garden. Afterward, her anger spent, Elizabeth sank to the floor.

It was through a veil of tears that she first noted the sliver of white silk. In the candlelight, with tears blurring her sight, the white fabric glowed. Curious, she wiped her eyes with the back of her hand and crawled to the discarded dress. Picking it up, she shook it out, and then laid it flat. It was a half-mourning gown. Likely it had been a modiste’s model or an unclaimed order, for it was unlike any of the other dresses. Elizabeth wondered at the dressmaker’s reaction to St. Ryne’s wardrobe request and silently applauded the wily merchant who caged an opportunity to sell a readymade dress at a handsome profit.

The white silk was a slip covered by a sheer, gray organza overdress. Extra gathering of the sheer material created a misty cloudlike fall to the fabric. Three bands of gray lace ruffles trimmed the hem and each puffed sleeve. A yoke comprised of gray lace over white silk was attached to a narrow bodice and ended in another three tiers of gray ruffles at the top of the high neck. If one were in black gloves, it would be a modest yet elegant dinner gown; suitable, perhaps, for attending a musicale or card party.

Elizabeth fingered the yoke, noting its attachment. Gathering her skirts about her, she scrambled to her feet to search her portmanteau for scissors and a packet of sewing needles and pins. Quickly she set to work picking out the stitching attaching the yoke, removing it, and hemming under the edges of the material at the neckline. Two judicious tucks tightened the small bodice that now stretched across her breasts, just capturing the tips. She then separated the gray lace on the yoke from its white silk backing and with it fashioned a narrow banding as an inset over the low tight décolletage, tying it in a bow at the center.

Elizabeth studied the effect of her ensemble in the cheval glass. Her color rose, her eyes sparkled; and a pleased little smile lifted the corners of her lips. The gown was scandalous, deliciously so. It appeared if one were to untie the strategically placed bow, her breasts would be released from captivity. She finished her attire with a necklace of milky white pearls and dressed her hair in a Clytie knot with curling dusky tendrils falling across her brow and neck. The overall effect of the gown was as daring as could stare. In the past, she would never have contemplated donning such a gown. It amused her to consider how quickly one’s attitude could change given the proper circumstances, her new outlook, she ruefully admitted, prompted her current course of action. If St. Ryne could now remain unmoved, then his disgust of her was deep and insurmountable, or he was not a true man. Regardless, she vowed to maintain a cool, polite demeanor and further determined, if he should attempt to goad her, she would not fly up into boughs.

The small, secret smile remained in place as she descended the stairs for dinner.





St. Ryne had not been pleased with how his interview with Elizabeth ended. Truly, he didn’t wish to return to London. He’d likely be bored to tears or hounded by his friends. Perhaps all was not lost. Circumstances could still arise that evening that would obviate the necessity for his departure. Yet, he reconsidered; perhaps it would be good for him to leave Larchside. At some point during the interview with Elizabeth he had lost control of the situation. No, not some point, he knew precisely when their relationship had suffered a reversal. It was when he had the fool audacity to kiss her as a punishment. The only person punished was himself. Going to London would allow him to regain control of the play.

He tugged at his neck cloth. He had taken extra care with his attire that evening, as extra care as he could without Cranston’s good offices. He missed that gentleman damnably at the moment for it was his desire to show to advantage.

He paced the library restlessly. At a soft knock on the door her stopped. “Yes?”

“Dinner is served, my lord,” said Atheridge as he opened the door.

“Very good,” he said, coming out of the library. "I shall inform the Lady Elizabeth.”

“No need, I’m here, Justin.” The unusually husky voice came from the shadows on the stairs.

Elizabeth’s silhouette glided down the stairs, slowly taking form as she approached the lighted hall. She stopped on the last step, the elaborate candelabrum on the newel post casting its glow on her. St. Ryne silently extended his hand. Elizabeth, equally silent, placed her hand in his, and he formally conducted her to the dining room.

Elizabeth cast a surreptitious glance in his direction, only to find he had done the same. They looked away from each other quickly, but not before Elizabeth noted where his eyes rested. Overwhelming relief flooded Elizabeth. At least he was not indifferent to her as a woman. It was a start, a small start perhaps, but a start.

St. Ryne did not release her arm until they stood by her chair and even then he did not quit her side. He held out her chair and saw her seated, his fingertips grazing her bare shoulders.

Elizabeth looked up inquiringly, only to note with satisfaction the direction of his gaze. His eyes were fixed on her shadowed cleavage.

“Is something the matter, Justin? You seem quiet this evening.”

“No, no, nothing at all.” He cleared his throat and went to pull out his own chair. “Sorry to be wool-gathering, just estate matters and my instructions for Tunning. Nothing to bother yourself about.”

“I see.” A slow smile curved her lips as her lashes lowered to hide the brilliant light of satisfaction in her eyes. “So, how long do you plan to be gone?”

“I don’t know. A week at the most, I imagine.”

Elizabeth nodded her understanding as Atheridge entered. “I trust you will find this evening’s menu to your liking,” she stated politely. "I will own it is simple, but the food is fresh from the village this day. By her own admission, Mrs. Atheridge is no cook so I instructed her to forego any attempt at saucing the food.”

St. Ryne glanced down at the boiled and roasted unadorned food set before him. A wry half smile touched his lips. It appeared no more appetizing than the meal set before him the evening before and only slightly more edible. It piqued him to be following Petruchio’s lead continually, without intervention.

A strange disquiet settled over him and he looked up to study Elizabeth intently. He knew he was truly no Petruchio though he now seemed thoroughly caught in the role. Could it be his Bess was no Katharine? She sat there quietly and gracefully erect, her attention centered on cutting her meat into small bits. The light from the candelabra on the table flickered in her hair. In daylight her hair was so dark it almost looked black. Only under the proper conditions could one note it was a rich earthen brown. When light struck it properly, it cast off warm red and gold, encasing her head in a halo aura. Her skin was like alabaster save for the delicate rose tones flaring across her cheeks. It was her eyes, however, that never failed to shake him to the core. The color of old guineas, they flamed like a torch when her ire rose. A tigress, his tigress. What was that poem he once read? Something by Blake.

Tiger! Tiger! burning bright

In the forests of the night,

What immortal hand or eye,

Could frame thy fearful symmetry?



The rest slipped his mind, but the imagery remained. He clenched his fist around a knife. He would wake the slumbering passions within her. He had to. He just needed patience and proper planning. He would keep her slightly off balance and make her come to defer to him. A reluctant smile kicked up the corner of his mouth when he realized that again he was to use Petruchio’s tactics.

Elizabeth looked up suddenly, her finely arched brow rising in polite inquiry at his steady regard.

St. Ryne shifted in his chair and turned his attention to his food. Out of the corner of his eyes he saw her reach for her wine goblet, her milky-white breasts straining against the gray lace. He cleared his throat.

“I don’t recall that particular gown.”

Elizabeth smiled widely, revealing small, pearly white teeth. “You don’t? Well, I must own I did contrive a few minor alterations.”

“Minor?”

“Yes. I must tell you, and I do hope you will not be too offended,” she said patronizingly, “your knowledge of the niceties of feminine attire is lamentable. I’m sure you had the best of intentions.” She reached over to pat his hand soothingly.

He flushed dark red. She had managed to turn the tables on him, and now what had seemed like clever maneuvering came across decidedly flat.

“My apologies,” he said stiffly. “Your own trunks should be arriving in the next day or so. I shall not repeat my error.”

“No, I don’t think you will,” she returned smugly.

He eyed the décolletage again. “Isn’t that a trifle, ahem, too, too—”

"Too what?” she asked serenely.

“Perhaps I should have Atheridge fetch a shawl for you.”

“To what purpose?”

St. Ryne ground his teeth in frustration and would have spoken had Atheridge not entered just then.

“Excuse me, my lord, but Mr. Tunning is here.”

“Ah, yes, we were expecting him.” He glanced askance at Elizabeth. She merely smiled. “Have him conducted to the library. We will join him there shortly.” He watched Atheridge bow himself out of the room before turning back to Elizabeth. Then, scowling blackly, he scraped his chair back from the table, rose, and stiffly offered his arm.

A triumphant light shone in Elizabeth’s eyes. Success! She had finally managed to break down his guard and score a hit. It was a practice she intended to continue. The Honorable Viscount St. Ryne would rue the day he played fast and loose with her.

Elizabeth heard a drawer hurriedly slide shut as Atheridge opened the library door. She looked around in time to see the estate agent scuttle around the edge of the desk.

“Amazing, I never knew as how this old desk would clean up so good.” The man forced a small laugh, his voice tinged with a country accent. He moved his hand uncertainly from the polished surface of the desk to fiddle with his gold watch chain.

Elizabeth’s eyes narrowed. A slight sheen of perspiration showed above the man’s lips. He was nervous! The realization surprised her. What manner of man was this?

“You wished to see me, my lord?” he affected primly, losing his country accent. He had himself well in hand now, Elizabeth noted, even going so far as to maintain a slight swagger as he approached.

“Yes, Tunning. First, allow me to make you known to my wife, the Viscountess St. Ryne.” He guided her toward him.

Elizabeth was put to mind of a reptile by Tunning. A fat toad, she decided, and a strangely frightening one. He made her skin crawl, and she couldn’t help raising her chin haughtily.

St. Ryne witnessed her reaction and frowned. He did not hold with being unreasonably snobbish to the lower classes and her reaction struck him forcefully as unwarranted. The words to rebuke her subtly were on his lips when his glance slid down from her face to her chest and the profusion of exposed creamy flesh. He ground his teeth and owned her expression might be needful as he noted a wide smile spread across Tunning's face. It was just shy of being lascivious.

Tunning bowed; though his head stayed level enough for his eyes to remain upon Elizabeth. He licked his lips. “I am charmed, my lady,” he said smoothly.

Charmed, what an odd word for an employee to use. A chill passed over Elizabeth, and she wished she hadn’t teased St. Ryne so and had availed herself of a shawl.

St. Ryne witnessed Tunning's crude reaction to his wife’s near exposure. Damn the woman, was she lost to all sense of propriety? A curious possessive jealousy flared within his chest igniting a flame of craftiness.

“Here, my dear, you have been on your feet all this day overseeing the cleaning, please sit down.” He grabbed her elbow and propelled her to one of the chairs by the fireplace. With his free hand, he angled the chair away from the light of the fire then gently seated her. Her face was now in shadows, but to his chagrin he noted the light from the single small taper on the table by her elbow cast a glow upon her chest.

There was nothing for it but to emulate his mother. The Countess of Seaverness was the clumsiest woman of his acquaintance, probably in all England, yet through unbounded arrogance she ignored any destruction left in her wake.

“I’ll have Atheridge bring you some Madeira,” he said, swinging around sharply toward the bell pull. His momentum appeared to put him slightly off balance, and his hand shot out to break the imminent fall, knocking the candle off the table in its wake and sending globs of wax flying.

In an instant St. Ryne was on his knees, grabbing the candle and extinguishing its flame. “How absurdly clumsy of me. I do beg your pardon, my dear.”

St. Ryne faced the firelight, his back to Tunning. Elizabeth had no trouble seeing the mischief in his eyes, and her lips twisted to keep from laughing. “It has been a long day for both of us. No doubt we are both much fatigued.”

“No doubt,” he returned smoothly, replacing the candlestick on the table.

Elizabeth was now seated in shadows, and some of the tightness in St. Ryne’s chest released. He turned back to Tunning. “And now, my good man—”

Tunning coughed. “If it pleases, your lordship, I’ve a matter I’d like to bring to your attention.”

“Yes?” St. Ryne’s brow rose. He walked away from Elizabeth to sit behind the desk forcing Tunning to turn away from her as well.

“It’s about one of the tenant families, my lord. I think they should be replaced, they’re nothing but a pack of troublemakers.”

“Who are they? And why didn’t you say anything earlier today when we made the rounds?”

Tunning shifted uneasily, very aware of the fact that St. Ryne hadn’t asked him to sit as well. Maybe he didn’t have as complete an understanding of this dandy as he thought. “It’s the Humphries, my lord.”

“Humphries?” St. Ryne said in surprise.

“Yes, my lord.”

“Aren’t they at the Home farm?”

“Aye, but—”

“That is the only well-maintained and properly running farm on the estate!”

“I know, my lord, and that’s why I didn’t say anything afore. Truth is that appearance is deceptive and rooted in self-interest.” Tunning restively fingered his gold-filigreed watch chain.

“Self-interest!” St. Ryne laughed. “Self-interest like that brings in the rents.”

“Hold a moment, my lord, and let me say my piece,” he burst out gruffly, sweat glistening on the top of his bald pate.

Elizabeth and St. Ryne were surprised by his tone, albeit for different reasons. Elizabeth found the estate agent to be officious while St. Ryne surmised he was genuinely concerned about something.

“They’re rousing up the other tenants. They’ve got queer Republican notions and they’re inciting the others to revolt. Now I know,” he hurried on before St. Ryne could interrupt, “there have been Humphries at the Home farm for generations, but this lot’s bad blood. We’ll have trouble soon if they stay on. ”

St. Ryne frowned. “Why didn’t you mention this earlier?”

Elizabeth stared at him. Was he seriously thinking of turning a whole family out simply on the word of this toad?

Tunning squirmed uncomfortably. “Well, my lord, it was because they keep up a good appearance that I hesitated to say anything and I also didn’t want you to think I didn’t know my business.”

Elizabeth rolled her eyes in disbelief.

“Truth is, I went over the books this afternoon and, though I hate to admit my own carelessness, it does appear they may be shorting you on the percentages—leastways in comparison with the other tenants. They’re not giving much more than the others and, as you so noted, my lord, the Home farm is in much better condition.” Tunning had hit his stride now and his words trotted out easily. “Now, I do take the blame for not keeping a tighter rein on things here and of course, if your lordship thinks I should be replaced, I understand.” He spread his hands deprecatingly. “My only defense is the lack of interest exhibited by Sir Jeremy. I guess I slid into assuming that was a common attitude with the gentry. But now I have your measure, my lord, and I guarantee I’ll not be so remiss again!”

Elizabeth laughed silently and turned to St. Ryne to share the joke with him only to find him frowning. Surely he saw through this man!

“I don’t blame you, Tunning. This estate has been mismanaged for quite some time, and I expect it is galling to a man such as yourself to lack the authority to rectify the situation. Nonetheless, the Home farm is paying more than the others, and I’d hate to lose the revenues. This is not a matter to be decided lightly.”

“I concede that, my lord,” Tunning returned grudgingly.

“I am returning to London on the morrow. When I return, we may discuss the situation further.”

“Oh, are you, my lord?”

Elizabeth thought she detected a note of eagerness in Tunning's voice.

“Yes, though the Viscountess will be staying on to oversee the restoration of the manor house. Oh, blast, I forgot to ring for Atheridge. Would you care for a glass of port, Tunning?”

“Aye, that I would.”

“Well, pull up a chair over here.”

Tunning scuttled to obey, his mind churning over the Viscount’s attitude. He was certainly a cautious young buck, more than he’d anticipated, albeit one he remained confident he could manipulate to advantage.

A soft rap on the door preceded Atheridge’s entrance.

“Bring us some port, Atheridge, and some Madeira for the Viscountess,” requested St. Ryne.

“Very good, my lord.”

“Oh, and Atheridge,” St. Ryne added, studiously avoiding trading looks with Elizabeth, “this room is a bit drafty, please have the Viscountess’s shawl fetched.”

“Yes, my lord.”

Elizabeth cast St. Ryne a fulminating glance though truly she did feel chilled, but not, she suspected, from the air. Tunning, now sitting at ease by the desk had cast more than one assessing look in her direction, and she did not care for his intense consideration.

“Now, Tunning, as I said, I will be returning to London tomorrow. While I am gone, various tradesmen and craftsmen will be coming to Larchside. The Viscountess will be directing these worthies in the decorating and restoration of the manor. It will be your responsibility to keep an accounting and see these tradesmen are paid. It will also be yours to see that the estate is not unduly charged for the services received. In fact all bills, whether for Larchside or for the Viscountess’s personal fripperies, shall be directed to you.”

His words set Elizabeth’s teeth on edge. Yes, he had threatened to take such an action, but Elizabeth had taken it for only that, a threat. She looked over at St. Ryne to note him regarding her steadily, a smug smile on his face.

“Surely, St. Ryne, you would not wish to burden Mr. Tunning with such trivialities. I take it from your conversation there are several farms that need his close attention if they are to be made profitable. I should be quite desolate if I hampered his efforts in that direction.”

Atheridge’s return with the refreshments, followed by Mrs. Atheridge bearing her shawl, interrupted her. Elizabeth accepted the shawl with ill grace and draped it around her loosely. She rose to pour, nodding a dismissal to the Atheridges.

St. Ryne had difficulty deciding which shone more brightly in the light of the candelabrum by the tray: the cleaned crystal wineglasses or Elizabeth. He sucked in his breath as she bent to pick up another glass. The hussy was near to falling out of her dress and refused to adequately cover herself with the shawl. He watched through hooded eyes as she first served Tunning then handed him a glass.

Elizabeth smiled sardonically at him then turned to find Tunning devouring her silhouette with avid eyes. A shuttered expression descended over her features. She returned to the serving tray to pick up her glass, casually drawing the end of the shawl over her shoulder and tossing it across her front to drape the other shoulder. She turned to face St. Ryne, the light of the candles haloing her hair. She gracefully lifted the glass to her lips, savoring the taste of the sweet wine.

“As I was saying, St. Ryne,” she said, returning to her chair, “I am perfectly capable of overseeing the affairs of the manor.”

“Nonsense, my dear. We both know how you lack a proper understanding as to the value of money,” St. Ryne returned smoothly. "I have on two occasions witnessed this unfortunate deficit in your education. I must insist Mr. Tunning handle the accounts.”

Tunning looked from the Viscount to his wife and back, secretly crowing. “Now, my lady, don’t fret yourself. It is no burden at all. Accounts are my business, so to speak.”

Yes, I’ll wager they are, Elizabeth thought to herself. She did not like that self-satisfied expression on his face. Before St. Ryne returned she vowed she’d closely examine his account books. If one farm could be as well maintained as they inferred, it struck her as odd that all were not. Then there was the matter of Mrs. Atheridge’s petticoats. There was something about this man she could not like. His eyes held a sneaky shrewdness. She watched him fidget with his ornate watch chain. That, like the housekeeper’s petticoats, was not in keeping with his position.

Elizabeth watched him exchange a masculine, patronizing look with her husband at her expense. It was with sheer determination that she fought an impulse to fly into anger and properly rake him down.

“I’ll come by each afternoon to advise her ladyship. I’ll see she’s not gulled. I’ll also arrange for servants.”

“I prefer to choose my own.” Her voice was rigid, coming out as it did through clenched teeth.

“Well, no offense my lady, but being new in these parts, you’d do well to be advised by me.” He leaned back in his chair and spoke like a grand gentleman dispensing favors. “I’ll tell you what, I’ll arrange that all interviews be scheduled when we have our meeting in the afternoon so you can sit in and give your opinion, too.”

‘What?” She could not fathom this man’s boundless audacity.

“He has a point, my dear,” St. Ryne interrupted smoothly, hoping to squelch the storm he saw brewing in her gold eyes. Damn the man. Though it was his intention to teach his willful wife a lesson by leaving the accounts in Tunning’s hands, he had not meant for this fellow to infer that she was a helpless ninny hammer. He also did not care for his patronizing manner. Then a thought occurred to him, and perhaps it would be another good lesson for Elizabeth.

“Justin!”

Tunning observed the soundless exchange between the Viscount and his wife. There seemed to be little love lost between the two. He’d tell the Atheridges not to fear losing their sweet deal just yet, particularly if he was able to get rid of the meddlesome Humphries who noticed too much and asked too many questions. He was a trifle annoyed that the Viscount would not allow himself to be immediately led by him; however, he considered himself a patient man and it did appear the Viscount was disposed to defer to him, a circumstance that suited Tom Tunning perfectly.

He looked at the Viscountess. There was a morsel that suited him perfectly, too. Highborn ladies were often known to participate in a dalliance with those of other classes, if for no other reason than to cuckold their husbands. If the Viscount was to make a habit of long absences away from his bride, well, Tom Tunning would just have to see what he could do to soothe the poor Viscountess’s frustrations. Several images came to his mind of a nude and writhing young woman lying beneath him. Atheridge said they slept apart on their wedding night, too.

Elizabeth did not miss the smug and hungry look on Tunning’s face and she felt a warm blush suffuse her cheeks. How dare St. Ryne put her in this position!

Elizabeth and Tunning were so caught in their own thoughts that they were startled when they realized St. Ryne was again speaking to them.

“—looks fool you. Though the Viscountess may not have a head for money, she is an intelligent woman. I trust her to choose servants wisely and furthermore, should a problem arise with which you would consult me, please speak to her before sending any messages to London. I trust her to handle even the knottiest problem.”

Elizabeth turned to St. Ryne in surprise.

Tunning grinned fatuously. “Don’t you worry, my lord, I’m sure we’ll get along famously.”

Elizabeth doubted that but kept her lips clamped shut as she contemplated St. Ryne’s last statement.

“I have no doubt of it,” her husband said, rising from his chair. “Thank you for coming, Tunning. I’ll see you on my return.”

At that, Tunning had no choice but to rise also, make his bows, and leave.

Elizabeth looked questioningly at St. Ryne, a slight look of wonder and openness on her face. Suddenly there were so many questions tumbling around in. her mind waiting to be voiced. Unfortunately they faded quickly as memories of the humiliations she’d suffered at his hands also came to mind. She closed her eyes, lifting her hand to her forehead as if to push away the confusion and clear her mind.

“If you will excuse me, Justin, I would retire. It has been, as you stated earlier, a long day.”

“Of course, my dear,” he said, offering his arm to walk her to the door. Pointedly she ignored his gesture, murmured a goodnight, and brushed past him.

St. Ryne crossed to the tray to refill his glass. He had seen her open, avid look and had hoped she was ready to open up to him. Disastrously, he also saw it fade to be replaced by a cool aloofness. Perhaps he was making it too difficult for her to be open with him. That was one of the reasons he was returning to London. Branstoke was correct. He was walking a tightrope, but there was no turning back.





This is the way to kill a wife with kindness . . .

—Act III, Scene 3



Elizabeth’s fingertips drummed restlessly, the only outward sign of her agitation. Before her on the gleaming desktop lay a short missive from St. Ryne. He had been gone two days and one night. Idly she speculated on the gossip his presence in London engendered. None to her advantage, she was convinced. Of course, the viciousness of the gossip depended entirely on whether or not St. Ryne really was in London and not elsewhere in the arms of some fair Paphian. It was particularly galling to realize she did not know her husband well enough to know if he had leanings in that direction, let alone whether he currently sported a mistress.

The letter, at least, indicated he’d seen to some business in London for he spoke of the various tradesmen and craftsmen she was to expect to descend like locusts upon the morrow. It appeared, therefore, that he had every intention of restoring Larchside to whatever pretentions of bygone splendor it might have possessed. She wondered at his efforts. Larchside was not an overly large manor house, and she surmised he possessed several finer establishments to say nothing of his expectation, not that she was one to live upon expectations for she’d never had any in her life, monetarily or emotionally.

Such thoughts, of course, always brought her full circle to the mystery of their marriage. Despite his recent eccentricities, St. Ryne had always been referred to in her hearing as a man of great address and elegance of manner, not in the least condescending. All in all, the polite world considered him an ideal catch.

Why he had never married was a large question in Elizabeth’s mind, though larger too was the question, why her? She was very much alive to the fact that it was not a match his family condoned, for his parents had been conspicuously absent from the wedding. The marriage became more and more curious when she fully assimilated that distressing fact. For herself, she had to own, she was strangely content. Even fencing with St. Ryne was more enjoyable than living at Rasthough House had ever been. Here, too, she was mistress. Her brow descended and a slight frown bent her lips. Unfortunately, it did not appear that the Atheridges or Tunning saw her in quite the same light.

Tunning would be here soon.

She turned slightly in her chair to look out the tall windows. The ivy that had almost obscured the glass had been pulled away that morning. Now she could look out onto the small park surrounding Larchside. The late afternoon shadows were lengthening, and the two men sent to scythe the lawn were dark silhouettes, their blades catching the sun’s light on the upswing then descending into shadow in a rhythmic dance. Watching the cadence of their motion calmed her, and she could once again view her accomplishments objectively.

Although still somewhat shabby, Larchside was now clean. Elizabeth had made careful inventory of the manor and the condition of each room and its furnishings. Hangings, upholstery, painting, and wallpapering were needed in every room. Some rooms would also need the hand of a skilled plasterer and one bedroom that of a glazier. It would not be an inexpensive proposition to bring the manor house around, to say nothing of the tenant farms. To what extent did St. Ryne expect her to spend the ready? She chewed her lower lip in thought. It would probably be wise to choose the middle road, still in all, it would be costly.

Damn the man! What did he want from her?

She grimaced suddenly when she saw Tunning ride up to the manor. She’d seen more applicants arrive over the past half hour. Soon she would be forced to sit through another nerve-wracking session with Tunning and his idea of servant material. Yesterday she’d been appalled at what she privately considered the dregs of human life being put forward to her as servants, to say nothing of the children! In the spirit of fair-mindedness, she thought perhaps this was merely an example of the difference between country servants and those available in the metropolis, though she did not remember any quite like this on her family’s estate.

That morning, however, she had done some judicious questioning of the couple of village women still cleaning at Larchside. Their comments, or rather hedging lack of comments, spoke volumes to Elizabeth. She didn’t know why Tunning should be trying to make a May game of her, but she would not acquiesce easily. It had been her intention to leave her shrewish temperament toward others behind her in London; however, Tunning might become an exception, particularly in light of the incident that occurred that morning in regard to the estate room.

It had been her thought to go through some of the old household records to find mention of suppliers in the area who had done business with Larchside in the past. They would be among the first she would approach with her custom. Her mind busy with lists of necessities, she almost slammed into the door when it inexplicably did not open under her hand. Jiggling the doorknob confirmed her suspicion. The room was locked. At first that circumstance was a mere annoyance, for it meant she must sort through the ring of keys at her waist for the proper one. Her mild annoyance rapidly turned to profound irritation when she discovered the key was not on her ring.

Muttering under her breath at the slipshod practices of Larchside’s supposed caretakers; Elizabeth went in search of Mrs. Atheridge for the missing key. She had not liked the smug, triumphant look that appeared on Mrs. Atheridge’s face at her query, nor had she liked the way she clasped her hands before her and rocked back on her heels. If the housekeeper had been a cat, she would have expected to see feathers or a mouse’s tail sticking out of her mouth. “I’m sorry, my lady, I don’t have it.”

Elizabeth rolled her eyes heavenward. This woman was determined to be an obstructionist. “Well, where is it kept?” she asked patiently.

“I can’t rightly say, as Mr. Tunning keeps the key.”

Startled, Elizabeth spoke her first thought. “Why?”

Mrs. Atheridge shrugged and repeated her last statement causing Elizabeth to grind her teeth.

“And the outside door as well?” she finally asked.

“Yes, my lady.”

Elizabeth dismissed her, then went to her room to change her thin slippers for kid half-boots and to collect her pelisse. Already deducing what she would discover, she proceeded nonetheless out the front door of the manor and around the side to the estate room entrance. It, too, was locked.

She went for a walk then to clear all the cobwebs from her mind. The air was cold but the day was clear and crisp.

She climbed a hill at the back of the estate and discovered from there she could see much of the surrounding countryside. The village was not far away. She saw its stone church at the end of the road through the bare tree branches. To the north was a farm with neat buildings and well-maintained hedgerows. From her vantage point it stood in sharp contrast to the surrounding acres. Due to its proximity, as much as to the curving dirt track leading from it to Larchside, she took it for the Home farm.

Looking at it and its neighbors, Elizabeth couldn’t help but wonder how much of what Tunning said was truth and how much fabrication. The feelings he aroused in her breast made her believe it was the latter. But why? Well, Larchside’s restoration was nicely underway. It was time to turn her attentions elsewhere, and seeking the answers to this riddle was as good a direction as any.

Since the cold was beginning to numb her feet, she’d returned to the manor and the questions that lay there.

Atheridge rapped on the library door breaking her train of thought. “Mr. Tunning is here, my lady.”

“Show him in,” said Elizabeth, a calm, neutral expression possessing her features. It was time for a confrontation with the slimy toad, on her terms.

Tunning scurried into the room, rubbing his cold-reddened hands before him. “Ah, my lady, ready and waiting are you to begin?”

“As you see.”

He laughed heartily. “That’s what I like about you, my lady, always straining at the bit, and a sweet goer you are to be sure.” He winked broadly at her and laughed again at his witticism, then his lips curled into a leer. “To be sure, it is a real mystery why the Viscount would take his leave so sudden with a woman like you to warm his bed. Perhaps he doesn’t appreciate you properly.”

Elizabeth seethed, though the only outward manifestation of her emotional state was the white knuckles of her clenched hands. She had considered Tunning coarse, but never in all her dealings with the man had she imagined he could so far forget himself as to speak to her in such a manner. Could he actually have the effrontery to believe she might turn to him as a substitution for her absent husband? The idea was mind-boggling and left her momentarily bereft of speech.

“Oh, now I’ve gone and embarrassed you.” He swaggered toward the desk, a ridiculous lugubrious expression on his face. “Don’t you fret, my lady, old Tom Tunning's not one to be a gabble-box, but should you ever need a shoulder to cry on, mine are right broad.” He reached out to touch her shoulder.

Elizabeth shied out of his way, her jerky action toppling her chair.

“Now, my lady, no need being shy,” Tunning said, mistaking her action for coquetry. He extended a hand to help her up, a self-satisfied smile plastered across his face.

“Don’t you dare touch me you slimy toad!” she cried, giving voice to her image of him. She scrambled to her feet, placing the width of the desk between them. “How dare you infer, let alone think, I should be interested in you. Your insolence knows no bounds. Get your fat, sweaty person out of my sight!”

Tunning's face darkened. “Don’t you go getting high-and-mighty. From what I heard tell, you’re just run goods. You best remember who holds the purse strings around here and sweeten your tongue a bit. That fancy husband of yours left fast enough no doubt for more sprightly game.”

Elizabeth’s eyes narrowed, gold flame shooting out through her dark lashes. “You may hold the purse strings,” she said icily, “but you don’t control me. You would best be advised to rethink your attitude before I have you thrown off this property.”

Tunning laughed in her face, though something about her expression gave him pause.

“Tunning, Larchside is mine!” she spat. “It was part of my marriage settlement. Didn’t St. Ryne tell you? How remiss of him. So you see, ultimately, I am your employer. This time I am inclined to give you mercy, indeed, I fear your ignorance warrants it. Now get your carcass and those sorry excuses for servants you’ve brought here out of this house.”

Tunning's mouth opened and closed like a toad catching flies. The his beady eyes narrowed even more as his face took on a choleric hue. “You’ll rue the day you jibed at Tom Tunning!’’

Elizabeth, struggling to hide her trembling, merely lifted her hand and pointed to the door.

Tunning stalked out, slamming the door shut behind him.

Elizabeth’s breath came out in a rush, her limbs suddenly as weak as a rag. She stumbled to one of the wing chairs and sank into it. Raising her hands to her face, she let out long, shuddering sobs. It galled her to know she truly had no power over Tunning; it was all a farce. For all her bravado, St. Ryne could easily negate her words. She had no idea if he would even believe her if she were to relate the tale. She cringed even to contemplate Tunning's next actions if he were to divine the hollowness of her words. He could make life akin to Dante’s Inferno.

She slowly lowered her hands from her face, balling them into fists that impotently pounded the chair arms. She wanted nothing so much as to scream her frustrations at the top of her lungs. She could not, however, afford to let Tunning hear of her immature behavior via the Atheridges. Ah yes, the Atheridges, Tunning’s spies. It would not do to show any sort of weakness to them. She must get her tears under control, her breathing regular, make it appear she was totally unmoved by the scene in the library, for she’d wager they’d know of it.

She leaned her head back against the chair and closed her eyes, willing each muscle in her body to relax. What was she to do? She still was without servants and now, and she distrusted Mrs. Atheridge wouldn’t poison her deliberately versus accidentally as her current cooking ability threatened to accomplish. There seemed to be many decent people in the village for all who came to help at Larchside had been good folk. How could she find others to assume permanent positions in her household? Who would know everyone in the area?

Her eyes flew open. The vicar! A vicar would know his flock. Perhaps he even knew some of the skeletons rattling around, like Tunning and the Atheridges. No doubt he would be expecting her to make a duty call anyway. Perfect. Tunning could not rant and rave at suggestions from a man of the cloth.

“Oo-oo,” Elizabeth mouthed silently, a devilish light glowing in her eyes. Tunning was about to receive the first comeuppances at her hand and if she played her cards right, he could not complain to St. Ryne.





The next morning, Elizabeth felt beset by locusts. Not only did tradesmen and craftsmen arrive to push and pull for her attention, but also her trunks of personal belongings arrived. So busy was she that it wasn’t until nearly teatime before she could slip away to trek down to the village and the little stone church she had seen the day before.

A brisk fifteen minute walk brought her to the rectory and moments later she found herself in a cheery little parlor facing a kind-looking white-haired gentleman.

“I am delighted, simply delighted by your visit. My oh my, are we now to discover our sleepy little village in the guidebooks as one of the country seats of a Viscount, heir to an Earldom?” he teased. A tittering laugh followed his words, and Elizabeth could not help but laugh with him.

“I wouldn’t know, sir, what these publishers deem interesting.”

“Oh, anything for a shilling, my dear, anything at all,” he assured her, his watery blue eyes fairly bulging.

“And what’s anything for a shilling, Father?”

Elizabeth whirled around to see a well-set-up gentleman in modest attire standing by the door.

“Ah, David, there you are. Let me make you known to our new lovely patroness, the Viscountess St. Ryne.” He turned back to Elizabeth. “This scapegrace young gentleman is my son, David Thornbridge.”

Elizabeth heard the warm pride in the vicar’s voice and her eyes pricked with tears. Oh, to have a father with such sensibilities! She willed the telltale moisture away and gracefully extended her hand.

“My Lady,” young Mr. Thornbridge murmured with just the correct degree of deference in his tone as he made his leg.

Elizabeth was impressed. She inclined her head slightly. “You are not, Mr. Thornbridge, a man of the cloth like your father?”

“No indeed, my lady. I am a manager with Waddley Spice and Tea Company in London.”

“Ah, I have heard of them.”

“They are very successful, my lady.”

Elizabeth’s eyes danced merrily. “To be sure.”

Not for the world would she divulge to this serious gentleman quite how she knew of Waddley’s. The Honorable Mrs. Cecilia Waddley, sole owner after the death of her husband, had been born the Honorable Miss Cecilia Haukstorm, granddaughter of a Duke, niece of an Earl. She had virtually been sold into marriage to the highest bidder to pay her father and brother’s prodigious gambling debts. Though she had been cut off from society at her marriage, her widowhood saw the doors reopen to her, for not even the highest sticklers continued her omission from their invitation lists. She was a delightful ninny hammer, though given to blue megrims, vapors, and sundry other ailments she swore were constantly threatening to take her life from her. Her dramatic highs and lows were considered by society to be as entertaining as Elizabeth’s own tantrums had been. No doubt they were filling her place to a nicety.

“You are lucky to get time away from your ledgers and quills.”

“My, ah, my employer is considerate of familial obligations to the point of insistence.”

“Yes,” Reverend Thornbridge said, the twinkle in his eye belying his frown, “and here I thought I’d managed to get rid of this young whelp.”

Elizabeth laughed delightedly. “You don’t fool me in the slightest, sir. You’re as proud as a peacock of him.”

“Please don’t tell him that!” David exclaimed. “You’ll start him spouting off about the sins of pride and you’ll never get out of here.”

The Reverend Thornbridge harrumphed. “Now don’t you go listening to my boy here. Too much city in him to my mind. Seems to me he’s the one who needs the lecture.”

David Thornbridge groaned, but his father chose only to spare him a quick sliding glance before continuing. “But tell me, my child, is there any way I can be of assistance to you in adjusting to your new home?”

“Actually, Reverend, there is. I am in need of servants. Many of the villagers have come to help clean the manor, and they’ve been good, decent people. Unfortunately, the people who have come to interview for permanent positions do not seem cut of the same cloth.”

“Let me guess, the people who have come to apply have all been brought to you by Mr. Tunning,” David suggested drily.

“David!” scolded the reverend.

“No sense wrapping it up in clean linen, Father.”

“No, please, Reverend Thornbridge,” interposed Elizabeth. “David is not implying anything I haven’t already guessed.” She sighed. “There is definitely something strange going on, though I don’t know precisely what as yet. Nonetheless, I still need servants, and as you surmise, I do not want any of Tunning’s ilk. The problem is it appears none of the village people will come forward to me directly.”

The reverend frowned. "I know. I can’t tell you all as I don’t have facts, only suspicions. But I can make a suggestion.” He spoke slowly, capturing her full attention with his eyes. “If you are planning to visit any of your tenant farms, you may wish to talk to Mary Geddy.”

Out of the corner of her eye Elizabeth saw David Thornbridge suddenly smile and nod, and this piqued her curiosity. “I’m afraid I don’t recall meeting anyone by the name of Geddy. Could you give me her direction?”

“She lives with her daughter and son-in-law, Ellie and Nat Humphries, and their son Gerald.”

“They’re at the Home farm!”

“Yes, but remember to visit them when you’re making your rounds.”

Then Elizabeth understood. She wasn’t to appear to seek out Mrs. Geddy, only to discover her. It was obviously for someone’s protection, but from whom and why? “Isn’t it fortuitous,” she said brightly, “that I’m planning just such a round of calls for tomorrow?”

David’s smile widened into a grin. “Yes, isn’t it? It is a great deal too bad I have to quit the neighborhood tomorrow. I should have liked to be around for this.”

Elizabeth raised an eyebrow in inquiry and even though neither Thornbridge was inclined to say more, she felt she had discovered allies.





The next morning, a self-satisfied Elizabeth trekked down the well-worn lane to the Home farm. She had taken the reverend’s suggestions and visited the other farms. She was saddened to discover the tenants there a cringing lot. She promised herself she’d see that attitude changed. She hoped she would not find the same feeling at the Home farm. She glanced up from the ground before her to see its neat buildings in the distance. No, they would certainly be as different as their farm was from the others. She had high expectations for this visit, and her steps hastened.

A grizzled man and his younger image came out of the bam. Elizabeth smiled warmly. “Mr. Humphries? I am the Viscountess St. Ryne.”

“My Lady,” he said formally, touching his forelock. His son followed his example.

“Oh please, do not stand on such ceremony.” She was perturbed by his aloofness. “I just wished to make myself known to you. Is Mrs. Humphries about?”

The man turned to his son. “Fetch Mother, Gerry.” He instructed him like he was a child of ten rather than a strapping young man of some twenty plus years.

Elizabeth raised an eyebrow at his lack of a direct answer but murmured a polite thank you before attempting to engage him in conversation. “You are to be congratulated; this property is very well maintained.”

“Only as it should be,” was the taciturn response.

“Yes, so one would suppose.”

A cough was her only answer. She would have commented further in hopes of drawing him out if two women hadn’t followed Humphries’s son out of the house. The eldest and the smallest, a spry, silver-haired woman with snapping brown eyes and the bloom of youth still on her cheeks, quickly brushed past him, muttering admonitions to pick his feet up and stop slouching.

“This be gentry proper, get along with you now and mind your manners,” Elizabeth heard her say in the peevish tone that only the old used in the presence of those they loved. Elizabeth was brought to mind of her own nurse, Hattie, and she knew instantly she would like this woman.

“Milady, we are that much honored.” The woman bobbed a curtsy then grabbed her hand and patted it with her other. “Reet welcome you are to be sure. Now come along, come along inside and rest yourself and have a sip of cider maybe? Oh, this be my daughter, Ellie, and that lump who should’a brought you in first off is my son-in-law, Nat. That’s my grandson, Gerry. Oh my, I almost forgot myself. I’m Mary, Mary Geddy, and I must say you sure are a pretty sight for these tired old eyes. But come along.” She turned suddenly to Nat and her grandson. "You two wash up and come visit awhile, too, and no argle bargle.”

“Oh, please,” Elizabeth finally managed to interject, “I don’t want to interrupt your routine.”

“Now don’t you go frett’n yourself, milady. A half hour or hour ain’t going to make a ha’porth of difference to the work around here, and we’ve got to see you property welcomed.” She ushered Elizabeth inside the farmhouse, made her sit in the rocker by the fire, and fussed over the placement of a cushion at her back before bustling over to the pantry for mugs and sending Gerry for the jugs of cider kept cool in the stream running behind the house.

Mrs. Humphries, a placid, plain-faced woman, came to stand before Elizabeth. “Don’t mind Mama, she was once a housekeeper in a great house and much given to ruling the roost.”

Elizabeth shot Mrs. Geddy an excited smile. “You were a housekeeper?”

“Aye, and afore that a cook.” She poured some of the cool cider into a mug and handed it to Elizabeth.

Elizabeth sent a silent thank you to the Reverend Thornbridge. “Then perhaps you are just the person to advise me."

"Me, milady? Gracious, what would a poor body like me be doing giving a great lady like yourself advice?”

Elizabeth smiled. “You do yourself a disservice. Larchside needs servants. So far, the only candidates I’ve seen have been woefully inexperienced or-or—”

“Not the type you’d like to see cross the threshold, I’d wager.”

“Mother,” growled Nat Humphries.

Mary Geddy waved her hand dismissingly at her son-in-law and pooh-poohed his unspoken admonition to hold her tongue.

“I was wondering if you would know of persons in the area who would like to enter into service. My case is desperate. Besides chambermaids and footmen, I require a cook and an abigail for myself, or at least some young woman with clever hands whom I could train for such a position.”

Mr. Humphries grunted. “And what would Mr. Tunning say to this?”

Elizabeth’s hackles rose. Everywhere she turned that man seemed to have a stranglehold, and it appeared everyone considered his control should extend to her person as well. She raised an eyebrow in faint hauteur. “My good man, Mr. Tunning is merely an employee. What right has he to say anything?”

“Pay no mind to Nat, here,” Mary assured her. “He and Mr. Tunning never have seen eye to eye and rightly never will. We’re not favorites with your estate agent, milady.”

“I know, and that puzzles me, for yours is the best run and most profitable farm.”

“That’s cuz our Nat here ain’t one to be gulled.”

“Mother, that is enough.”

"No it ain’t and don’t you try to say how it is.” She turned to the Viscountess. “I say look to your estate books if you want answers. I’d lay odds not all them numbers match the quality of the work being done.”

“Hush your tongue, woman!” roared Mr. Humphries.

Mrs. Humphries looked pained and stood kneading her apron in her hands.

“Mr. Humphries, please. I know something is dreadfully wrong, but if everyone continues to sidestep the issue, I’ll never be able to cure whatever disease it is that plagues Larchside. I desire help not avoidance, and I’ll pay well for it. Mrs. Geddy, could you see your way clear to coming to Larchside as my cook, if not permanently, at least until I can make other arrangements? If I have to stomach many more of Mrs. Atheridge’s meals, I daresay I shall expire.”

“That I would believe.” She reached over to pat Elizabeth’s hand. “I should be that delighted to help out and I’m not afeered like some folks I know,” she said glaring at her son-in-law.

“Mother,” he said, “you know it is not a matter of fear, it is a question of what good could possibly come of it.”

“Would it help you to know, Mr. Humphries, that Larchside was deeded to me as part of my marriage settlement? While it is true Mr. Tunning handles the accounts, my husband directed Mr. Tunning to come to me in the event of there being any problem in the management of the estate during his absence. So you see,” she said with a smile, “even Mr. Tunning is subject to my authority.”

Elizabeth was pleased with the way she could use her husband's parting words to Tunning to her advantage. She only hoped these good folk did not hear the hollowness in her voice.

“That’s settled then,” Mrs. Geddy said. “And when would you like me to begin, milady?”

“Tomorrow morning?”

“Tomorrow morning it is. I’ll also see if we can’t find your ladyship some better servants.”

“That would be greatly appreciated.”

The two women exchanged looks of mutual satisfaction while Mr. Humphries, though not pleased, merely shook his head in resignation.





He that knows better how to tame a shrew, Now let him speak: 'tis charity to shew.

—Act III, Scene 3



A smile flickered on the Viscount St. Ryne’s lips as he approached the club. The bow window set had sighted him, and not all the gentlemen there managed to maintain the sanguine attitude deemed de rigueur for that location. He distinctly noted two viewing him with wide-open mouths rather resembling landed fish, he decided satisfactorily. He had judged his appearance would be tantamount to placing the cat among the pigeons; however, there was the little matter of a bet to collect. If truth be told, he was enjoying putting society on its ear by his inexplicable behavior. As blame had been assigned to the sun in Jamaica for his exploits, he doubted the island would be visited by many for a long while.

His smile broadened as he fairly skipped up the steps and clapped his hand on the shoulder of the Friday-faced porter who opened the door.

“What’s the long face for, my good man? A face like that could set a man off his drink,” he said over his shoulder, shrugging off his driving coat and handing it with his modish beaver to a hovering footman.

“Beg pardon, my lord,” the porter responded faintly. Was it just three weeks since his lordship had entered looking as black as a thundercloud? This new manner of his lordship was as alien to the porter’s mind as the black humor had been.

It was said his lordship recently tied the knot, so that might account. The porter shook his head mournfully. In his considerable experience, such action was not in keeping with a jovial countenance, as leg-shackled gentlemen were likely to be of morose or snappish demeanor.

“Well then, let’s see a smile.” St, Ryne turned to face him, his hands on his hips.

The porter was confused. Gentlemen were always taking queer starts. He viewed the Viscount’s request with a jaundiced eye; nevertheless he weakly opened his mouth in a carved wooden smile.

His endeavor was met with a shout of laughter. “A travesty! I can see I was mistaken. Resume your habitual frown; that smile would curdle milk.”

“Thank you, my lord,” murmured that worthy.

“Ah, St. Ryne, I thought that was you,” a measured, quiet voice floated down the stairs.

St. Ryne turned to the sound, his eyebrows raised in faint inquiry. A small laugh, like a rush of air escaped his lips on recognizing the gentleman at the top of the staircase. He mounted the stairs to his side.

“Well met, Branstoke.”

“Are we? I wonder,” he returned languidly, a speculative gleam in his eyes. “Questions are being raised as to the honesty of our bet.” They fell into step heading toward the card room. “I cannot tell you how boring it is to be the recipient of clumsy hints that we are in league. They sorely lack the proper subtlety and fineness to rise above the plebeian to be truly effective.”

St. Ryne’s lips twitched in appreciation. “How singular,” he murmured. “I imagined they would rather view me as being in league with the devil. Do they view you as one of her minions?”

“I am afraid the masses lack the poetic soul.”

St. Ryne laughed. Damn if he didn’t like this gentleman. There was an unaccounted depth to him and a wry sense of the absurd few would see.

“I must tell you I have a grievance with you, my friend.” Branstoke’s manner was conversational.

“Oh?”

“I’ll have you know you have spiked my game. I must say I knew it was your intention three weeks ago; however, you moved faster than I had accounted.”

“Really? Was it your intention to make a play for Lady Elizabeth?”

“Hardly.” Branstoke waved his quizzing glass casually before him. “I make it a habit to join only the entourages of unattainables. Since La Belle Helene is now removed from that category, I find I must retire from the ranks of her suitors. I considered remaining one of their number a while longer; however, I have noticed her eyes resting on me, weighing my suitability.” He shuddered slightly allowing the quizzing glass to fall back to rest against his chest. “I can think of few worse fates.”

A look of mock surprise crossed St. Ryne’s face. “Is not La Belle Helene a paragon?”

Sir James Branstoke shrugged. “So few are,” he murmured. He slid a glance at St. Ryne. “Totally unlike your own bride,” he continued blandly.

St. Ryne’s eyebrows rose nearly to his hairline in inquiry, but Branstoke only bowed slightly in his direction and wandered away. The Viscount stood in the doorway watching the enigmatic gentleman enter into conversation with others in the room until Freddy Shiperton, spying him standing there, hurried to his side.

“Justin, what are you doing here?” Freddy inquired sotto voce, glancing around furtively to see if any were near enough to hear.

“Really, Freddy, why do any of us come here? For cards, wine, and good company, of course.” He tucked his arm in Freddy’s and led him into the room. “Shall we start a game?”

“Dash it, Justin, you’re supposed to be on your honeymoon!”

“Yes, I know. What makes you believe I am not?” he returned affably, as he looked about the room, inclining his head in recognition of various acquaintances. “Do not look askance, old fellow,” he said, turning back to Freddy. “A honeymoon is merely a state of mind.”

A slightly slurred, unrecognizable voice came from a crowded table: “He must have killed her.” It was rapidly shushed by others.

Freddy scowled briefly before pulling his friend toward a slightly less populated corner of the room. “Dashed if I understand you, Justin. You were never taken to such queer turns.”

St. Ryne laughed. “Do not vex yourself. Come, let’s order a glass and we’ll toast my sweet, gentle bride.”

A look of startled horror captured poor Freddy’s face, causing St. Ryne to laugh louder as he signaled for a passing waiter.

The Viscount St. Ryne accepted with fortitude the plethora of jibes thrown his way when he came to collect his portion of the winnings he gained at his club as a result of his marriage to Lady Elizabeth Monweithe. Unfortunately, that fortitude began wearing thin and in the days that followed St. Ryne was alternately amused and irritated by the sly glances, innuendos, and jokes cast in his direction. Often he found himself wishing he could share with Elizabeth a passing joke or comment he overheard, his mind conjuring up the panoply of emotions that could cross her face along with her answering snubs and witticisms.

Such thoughts of her invariably brought to mind the kiss he’d stolen that rocked his senses while leaving her completely unmoved. Each time he remembered that scene, a niggling question pushed at a corner of his mind for more and more space. Had she truly been unmoved? Would it not, perhaps, been more in keeping for her to struggle against the kiss and rant and rave, calling down abuse upon his head? Instead, she’d played the role of ice maiden, out of keeping with her personality as it was known in the polite world. Yet how much of the picture presented to society was real and how much dissimulation? He had often noted a vulnerability unseen by others yet he persisted in acting like it did not exist.

He began to wonder if he had played the game differently, would he be in London now, a virtual exile from his own home and hearth? It slowly occurred to him that perhaps Elizabeth’s lack of response to his kiss stemmed from lack of experience. What occasion had any man to kiss her? He swore to himself as the idea loomed larger and larger in his mind, causing his good humor on arriving in London to dissolve slowly into studied politeness.

St. Ryne was not a man to easily admit to a mistake. These thoughts skittered in and out of his mind for days, played upon by the amused knowing glances cast his way by Sir James Branstoke. He would return his look with one of quelling hauteur that would only cause that gentleman to purse his lips slightly and nod. Afterward St. Ryne was left feeling the fool, a circumstance to which he was unaccustomed.

One evening at a select card party, after exchanging their dance of innuendos, St. Ryne approached Branstoke demanding to know what was plaguing his mind.

“My mind? My dear St. Ryne, what is in my mind would hardly plague a gnat,” he returned pleasantly, drawing his snuffbox out of his pocket. He studied its intricate design as he went on: “It is your mind which bears contagion.” He looked up at St. Ryne, flicking open the snuffbox with his thumb as he did so. “Would you care for a pinch?” he asked, extending the box in St. Ryne’s direction.

St. Ryne waved it away. “I find your meaning obscure.”

“And here I thought you such a downey fellow.” He shook his head doubtfully before taking a pinch of snuff himself. “Look to yourself.” He brushed a speck of snuff from his sleeve. “You are a man away from his new wife, yet I’d venture to wager she is not away from your thoughts. You have shown no notice of the lovelies who have thrown their kerchiefs your way and are becoming increasingly surly the longer you’re from her side. I understand it to be a serious disease, one perhaps best treated gently,” he suggested, replacing his snuffbox in his pocket.

St. Ryne laughed curtly. “There is much to what you say and don’t say. Unfortunately, the die has been cast.”

“Don’t be a fool, St. Ryne,” grated Branstoke, for the first time revealing any emotion besides boredom.

St. Ryne studied the man before him carefully. “You may be correct.”

Branstoke shrugged elegantly, his famous equanimity restored. “But permit me to divert your mind to another aspect of your play unfolding. First, I have a thirst which needs quenching. Will you join me?”

“Gladly.”

Branstoke led St. Ryne to a side table. “Have you noted where Tretherford’s interests lie now?”

St. Ryne shrugged. “He is not one I honor with my attention.”

“Ah, but you should take note, for it is delightfully in keeping with your play. I believe he and Lady Romella Wisgart, the widow of our piece, appear destined to wed. Now who do you suppose will get the fair Helene’s hand? Freddy, mayhap? They have been seen, you know, reciting poetry to one another.”

“Really? I once accused Freddy of turning poetic; however, that is doing it rather too brown.”

“Be thankful you have not been within earshot of their renditions,” Branstoke said drily. “It is like listening to a young debutante with a tin ear pushed to singing before company.”

“You know, Branstoke, you have a way with words that makes me laugh.”

“I’m glad, for such was my endeavor, my friend, such was my endeavor.”

St. Ryne looked at him quizzically then laughed again, causing several heads to turn inquiringly in their direction. Branstoke, as always, met the world with a bland smile.

Though irritated by Branstoke’s blithe words concerning his feelings for Elizabeth, being a basically honest man, St. Ryne was eventually forced to admit his reaction was part and parcel of his own growing attraction for his wife, an attraction which, quite curiously, appeared to be growing the longer he stayed away from her. After considerable thinking, he decided to return to Larchside on the morrow, determined to change the course of his wooing. The Taming of the Shrew was after all only a play, its characters little more than paper dolls and, as such, woefully deprived of the complexities of flesh-and-blood individuals.

He excused himself early from the select gathering so as to make arrangements for his departure. This time he would bring his valet, horses, and head groom. He wondered how well Elizabeth rode, already anticipating a few enjoyable canters across the fields.

To his surprise, his town house was ablaze with light. That was not like his butler. St. Ryne quickened his pace, taking the steps in front two at a time.

Predmore had been on the lookout for him, agitation plainly written across his features.

“Good God, man, what is it?” he asked, tearing off his greatcoat and flinging it on a hallway chair.

“It is the Countess, my lord.”

“My mother is here?”

“Yes, my lord, installed in the parlor. She arrived with the Earl shortly after you left and says she’s determined not to leave until she speaks to you. She is much distressed, my lord. She has already knocked over the Sevres tea service in her pacing, quite shattering it, and I am afraid the ebony and ormolu table by the fireplace will never be the same. I did contrive to remove other items I deemed fragile when we cleaned up the broken china.”

“Is that you, Justin? I thought I heard your voice.” Lady Alicia Harth, Countess of Seaverness, swept out of the parlor brandishing a newspaper in her hand. “What is the meaning of this?”

“It is nice to see you also, Mother.” He stepped close to her to kiss a heavily scented cheek.

His action set her back apace, yet she rallied quickly. “I’ll have none of your cozening ways! I came here for answers, not mealy-mouthed platitudes!”

“I understand from Predmore that Father is with you. Shall we join him?” he returned urbanely. He leaned close to her ear. “This is unlike you, Mother, to forget servants are present.”

Two high spots of color flared on Lady Alicia’s cheeks and with ill grace she allowed herself to be led back into the parlor.

St. Ryne had difficulty hiding a smile at the picture of his mother much on her dignity. He didn’t give a button for the servants; they’d seen and heard worse in rumor over the past few weeks. His words were meant to serve as a slight respite from the harangue his mother appeared intent on delivering and lending him a moment to gather his wits.

Leading his mother to the sofa, he then turned to the facing chair where his father was seated and extended his hand to his sire. “This is an unexpected pleasure, sir. I had thought you both firmly fixed in Paris for a few weeks more.”

The Earl of Seaverness looked up at his son, a light of amusement in his eyes. “Your mother would have us return. She suddenly discovered a desire for your company.”

With the snap of the latch as the footman slowly closed the door behind them, Lady Alicia once again launched into her diatribe.

“Are you not aware of the insult, the shame we have suffered as a result of your actions?”

“She has suffered,” amended the Earl.

The Countess ignored him. “I own I discounted the rumors of a betrothal when they reached my ears and said as much to anyone with the audacity to question me. But oh, the mortification to read of it in the Morning Gazette! I pushed and harried your father to return and put an end to such outlandishness only to find when I set foot on English soil that the deed was done almost a week past!”

St. Ryne sat down in the chair opposite his father. “Mother, I’m afraid you find me all at sea.”

“Wouldn’t mention sea to her, if I were you, my boy. They don’t get along.”

St. Ryne’s lips twitched as he offered a sideways thank you before continuing. “Prior to your departure for France you told to me that marriage was an event consummately to be desired. Your arguments spoke strongly of duty to the family. It was only my desire to please you that hurried my steps to the altar. "

From next to him came a snort of laughter. He studiously refrained from looking at his paternal parent for fear they would both start openly laughing.

Lady Alicia bristled. “Now see here, Justin, you know perfectly well what I meant. I have taken the trouble to introduce you to any number of eligible young ladies who would grace the Harth name. ”

St. Ryne studied his hands for a moment. “But I am more than a name, and sometimes I believe you forget that."

“Such impudence!” The Countess rose from her seat to pace the floor between the two gentlemen. “I shall never be able to show my face in polite company. The Shrew of London for a daughter-in-law! The humiliation!”

“Humiliation, Mother?” St. Ryne asked, his patience snapping. “Tell me, what exactly is wrong with my wife? Naught that I see. Is it because you did not choose her from your collection of simpering protégés? You’ll catch cold at that! And surely not even you can complain of her lineage—she is, after all, a daughter of an Earl.”

“Who’s been a friend of mine anytime these past thirty years,” his father interposed.

St. Ryne barely spared Seaverness a glance while his wife glared daggers at him.

“And as for being a shrew,” St. Ryne continued, “may I remind you that you are not the one to live with her, I am; and if I don’t consider her a shrew, then such arguments are a moot point.”

“But, Justin, how can you—”

“Enough.” He ran his hand through his hair and took a deep breath, aware of his own chaotic thoughts and emotions.

He sighed. “I regret my anger; however I now put you on notice. If I hear rumor of any aspersions cast upon my bride by you, you will henceforth be refused admittance to any home of mine.”

“He has got you there, my dear,” the Earl told his wife.

“Hush!” She then turned back to her son, her manner conciliating. St. Ryne eyed her warily.

“How did they do it, Justin?”

“Do what?”

“Force you to marry her. Did they manufacture a compromising position?"

St. Ryne ground his teeth in vexation. “I asked her of my own free will,” he said. “If she had refused me, however, I swear to you now I would have willingly compromised her to have her as my bride!” He flung himself out of his chair to stand by the window, staring with blind eyes out onto the shadowed street below.

The Earl whistled through his teeth. “That is a strong encomium, Alicia,” he said conversationally.

St. Ryne was shaken by the truth of his statement. Bile rose in his throat at the knowledge of his poor treatment toward his bride. Branstoke was correct. She was a paragon, a pearl past price, and he was in danger of so carelessly damaging her lustrous soul. He had to see her, show her his kind side. He wanted to learn to laugh and cry with her, to discover the nature of her hidden sorrows and yank them out by the roots, to love her and maybe someday be loved in return.

He turned to face his parents.

“Justin, I—” began his mother, only to be silenced by a wave of his hand.

“Since my return from Jamaica, I have been a damned fool.” He laughed deprecatingly. “The hot sun that shines in that region has been the catch-all for my sins. Perhaps the only truly intelligent action I have taken of late has been to marry Elizabeth. If you two will please excuse me, I must instruct my servants. I will be returning to my bride in the morning.”

His parents silently watched him leave, and then the Earl grabbed his Countess’s hand, pulling her over to sit on the arm of his chair. The Countess struggled briefly against him, her color rising in her cheeks in embarrassment before she relaxed and allowed herself to be so situated. She sat stiffly, only tentatively allowing herself to move her arm around her lord’s neck.

The Earl chuckled. Though he’d not tell her so, his Alicia and Lady Elizabeth were much alike. Both revealed depth only those close to them could plumb. He raised her hand to his lips, bestowing a kiss on her palm. She blushed and nestled closer.





St. Ryne pulled up his team. There was a marked change in Larchside, even from this distance. He studied the grounds and the house at the end of the long sweeping drive, a slow smile widening his mouth then leaping into his eyes. Obviously his Bess had not sat and sulked at his departure. The wide expanse of lawn had been scythed, shrubs had been trimmed, brambles uprooted, and ivy torn away from the windows allowing them to be cleaned, probably for the first time in five years. Now he was anxious to view what wonders she had wrought inside.

He urged his horses forward. He had not sent word of his imminent arrival, and his valet and groom were still an hour behind him. He was surprised when the front door flew open and a young man ran down the steps to stand stiffly, awaiting his approach. When he stopped his horses before the door, the young man bowed quickly then ran to their heads.

“Welcome home, my lord,” the young man said breathlessly. “I’m a footman here now.” He puffed himself up slightly.

St. Ryne raised his eyebrow then recognized the man as the one on the ladder in the dining room the day before his departure. He searched his brain for his name. “Thomas?” The young man’s face lit up with delight. “Thomas, do you think you could play groom to my horses for me? My groom will be here soon, but these beauties need attention now.”

“Me, my lord? Coo! There’s nothing I’d like better!” Excitement was writ large over the young man’s face as he stroked the neck of one of the pair. “I’ll do a good job, I swear to you!”

St. Ryne maintained an air of gravity. “Do you like horses, Thomas?”

“More than anything!”

“Hmm.” St. Ryne descended from the carriage and approached the man. “Better than being a footman?”

Uncertainty captured Thomas’s face. “Well, sir, I mean, my lord, being a footman ain’t bad, especially for my lady, but—”

St. Ryne laughed but when he spoke, his tone was sympathetic. “It’s not the same, though, is it?”

Thomas shook his head, then remembered himself. “No, my lord.”

“Don’t look so glum. My man Grigs is due here within the hour. Tell him I said you’re to have a trial.”

Thomas’s lean face lit up again like a beacon. “Thank you, my lord! I’d best get cracking. I don’t want Mr. Grigs’s first impression to be bad. Excuse me, my lord!”

St. Ryne watched him lead the horses away before he mounted the stairs. It suddenly occurred to him that his wife might not be pleased with his meddling in her disposition of servants. He shook his head ruefully, another sin to atone for.

It was his desire to change the direction of his relationship with Elizabeth, and he knew that it might not be an easy proposition. Nevertheless, he felt confident that his newly discovered love for his termagant wife would guide him to gentle wooing. It was as though the scales had fallen from his eyes and a blind man made to see. Though he had laughed at society for failing to see the parallels to William Shakespeare’s play, he was equally guilty of failing to see Elizabeth’s true nature. No, worse yet, of failing to act upon the gentleness and fragility he did glimpse.

He massaged his brow as he stepped into the hall, pondering his course of action. It was his nose that first alerted him to the extent of the changes within. The house smelled of fresh paint, polishing oils, and strong soap. He lowered his hand and looked around the hall, well satisfied. A smug expression, as if he were solely responsible, spread across his features. To an extent he felt he was, for he had taken to wife the woman who was capable of rendering such miracles in a short amount of time.

He spotted Atheridge coming out of the door under the stairs. “Atheridge! Where is my wife?”

“Oh, my lord! You startled me. We had no word of your coming.”

“I sent none. My wife, please?”

“In the library, my lord. Let me announce you.”

“In my own house? Hardly.” He strode down the hall to the library door, rapped once softly and before waiting for a response, walked into the room.





Go, get thee gone, thou false deluding slave . . .

—Act IV, Scene I



Elizabeth sat at the desk, a sheaf of papers before her and a quill in hand, determinedly deceiving herself with the motions of busy employment. Unfortunately, rather than the columns of numbers and their calculations to ascertain the fabric yardage necessary for the drapes and hangings in her bedroom, her hand seemed more inclined to absent circles and squiggles bearing, with some little imagination, all the character of a field of flowers.

Now that she was intimately acquainted with the condition of Larchside, she spent considerable time at the desk planning the manor’s refurbishment. She’d spent the morning choosing the fabrics for various rooms from the samples the linen drapers supplied. Most of the work was being done in their London workshops, but Elizabeth had decided to have her room done locally. Mary informed her there were women in the village who could sew a neat seam and could use extra money, for signs indicated a harsh winter to come. It would also, they decided, nicely sabotage Tunning’s effort to distance her from the local people. Elizabeth smiled briefly. She and Mary were fast becoming as thick as inkle weavers, much to the Atheridges’ chagrin and Tunning’s rage.

A bold line slashed across the page as her smile faded. St. Ryne had absented himself for a full week now, and she was beginning to feel restive. It wasn’t so much that she missed him as she missed the strange feelings he had introduced in her breast. She found herself contemplating different scenarios for a repeat of those ephemeral feelings. Then a sudden fear would grip her for they seemed such consuming feelings, and she was not at all certain she should allow such powerful emotions to engulf her. It could not be considered ladylike and would likely give St. Ryne a disgust of her.

She chewed her bottom lip as she considered her situation. Her questions might be moot if the Viscount failed to return or if Mr. Tunning’s vicious, oily tongue held sway. She had never liked the estate agent and her experiences in the past week only served to harden her dislike. It was a pity, however, that she had not been able to still her tongue during their last interview.

As she sat behind the desk, she vividly remembered the confrontation for she had been so situated when it occurred. It was caused by her hiring Mary Geddy. She’d known engaging Mary would be tantamount to adding fuel to a burning fire; however, she felt confident of her ability to face Tunning down. She knew, with wry irony, she had signally failed to take the true measure of the man for he was not above fighting dirty. When he heard from Atheridge the identity of her new cook, he came storming into her house without waiting to be announced, his face dangerously red.

“What are you about, employing that Geddy witch? You were to consult me on any hiring!”

“I never remember agreeing to that.”

He pounded his fist on the desk. “I told you those Humphries were a bad lot. A bad lot.”

“I beg to differ with you,” Elizabeth returned coolly, her eyebrow rising in quelling hauteur. “I found the Humphries to be pleasant company, but that is entirely beside the point. I did not hire them, I hired Mary Geddy. Furthermore, Mr. Tunning, I would not have done so if you had presented me with qualified people rather than the pathetic souls to whom you could pay less and pocket the difference. I am paying top dollar, Mr. Tunning, and you’re going to see that everyone I hire receives their proper wages.” Her accusation was a shot in the dark, but she was amply rewarded by the rapid flush on Tunning’s face.

“Are you accusing me of stealing estate funds?” he gritted.

She crowed silently while she considered him. “Outright stealing? No, I grant you more intelligence than that, Mr. Tunning,” she admitted serenely. “I think it more likely you take your pound of flesh from everyone you deal with.”

“That is a lie!”

“Is it?” A triumphant smile played upon her lips. Tunning's eyes narrowed, an ugly sneer twisting his features. He leaned over the desk and Elizabeth found herself shrinking into her chair. “Ah, I see the way of it now, you’re angry with that fine husband of yours for leaving the purse strings in my hands.”

“Ridiculous!” she snapped, yet an uncomfortable feeling nagged at her.

Tunning pressed his advantage. “I’ll not be the victim of a vengeful, frustrated virgin.”

“How dare you!”

He straightened, his pudgy hand fingering his watch chain. “Asides which, you’ve got no proof,” he continued malevolently.

Elizabeth drew a deep breath while her fiery eyes burned through Tunning. “No, I don’t. You saw to that when you locked the estate room and terrorized the local people,” she seethed. “But I’m giving you warning, do not play ducks and drakes with other people’s money again, or I’ll see you on the first ship bound for the penal colony in Australia!”

“Don’t you go threatening me,” he snarled, rocking back on his heels. “I know all about you now that I’ve done some investigating. They call you the Shrew of London, and it’s rumored St. Ryne won a tidy bundle in the clubs by wedding you.”

“You insolent cur!”

“Same as you. I’ll bide my time for now, but when the Viscount returns, I’ll see that Geddy witch out on her ear, mark my words.”

“You mark mine, Tom Tunning. Stay out of my way or you may see just how much of a shrew I can be. You’ll rue the day you crossed swords with me.” Her fingers closed around the inkstand, her fingers itching to throw it in his face.

“Oh, I think not, my fine lady, I think not,” he snickered, turning on his heel and slamming the library door shut behind him.

Elizabeth still shuddered when she considered that interview. She should have maintained an icy calmness, but her famous temper had once again betrayed her. The truth was, she did not know who St. Ryne would believe. His last words to Tunning before he left indicated a faith in her, but how much of that was real and how much pretense to ease the sting of his actions? She might be tilting at windmills and be as helpless as Tunning inferred.

She leaned back in her chair. She was tired, and a replay of that awful interview was not conducive to creating peace of mind. A wry smile twisted her mouth then crumbled into a tremulous frown. Life had not been fair to her since she was five, why should it change now?

Because I wish it to!

She lowered her head into her hands as a slow trailing of tears slid down her cheeks despite her determined silent protest against them.

St. Ryne stopped mid-stride when he saw his Bess. She jumped from her chair, his name a bare breath of air on her lips. She quickly flicked a tear from her cheek but not before he noted its course and a similar track on the other cheek. He continued forward to grab her hands and guide her around the desk, his warm smile offering humor and friendship. Elizabeth eyed him warily.

“Bess, what is this?” he asked, searching her face carefully.

Embarrassment flooded her cheeks. “Nothing, my lord, I assure you. It is merely fatigue’s cruel gesture, womanly nonsense.”

She withdrew her hands, a mantle of coldly formal reserve settling over her. She glided past him to sit stiffly erect in a chair by the fire. “We were not expecting you.” Suddenly seeing St. Ryne rocked her senses. She drew a steadying breath. “I’m afraid there is still much to do here. We are not yet prepared to provide all the comforts you would wish.”

St. Ryne looked quizzically at the stiff little marionette Elizabeth had become. “What do I care of comforts? As it is, my dear, you have already wrought miracles.” He took the chair opposite her.

Elizabeth refused to look directly at him, her eyes focused just to the side of his head. “The dining room and hall are complete save for draperies and upholstery,” she recited colorlessly. “I am assured the drawing room will be completed tomorrow. I had a bedroom for your use prepared in the event of your return but have not as yet ordered new fabrics for its refurbishment. The grounds have been manicured, though perhaps not perfectly, but this will do until spring. I took the liberty of cleaning out the stable and laying fresh straw. You are correct, it is a ramshackle structure but one, I surmise, which must see us through this winter. I have begun the process of engaging servants; however, it is a slow project. It appears there is considerable hesitation amongst the people here to work at Larchside on other than a contract basis. So far I have engaged the services of a cook, a chambermaid, and a footman.”

“We don’t have a footman any longer.”

“What?” Elizabeth’s head snapped around in surprise.

St. Ryne’s mouth quirked sideways then he struggled to adopt a tone as formal as her own though his eyes danced. “At least, I don’t think we do. It does depend on what Grigs says.” That caught her attention quickly enough, he thought.

“Who is Grigs? What are you talking about?”

“About Thomas, the young man you engaged as a footman. He’s horse mad, did you know? I’m giving him a chance to be a groom if Grigs, my head groom, approves him for training. Grigs should be here within the hour along with Mr. Cranston.”

“Mr. Cranston?” she returned feebly, knowing somehow she’d lost her advantage.

“My valet. Have you found a suitable lady’s maid yet?”

“No, though tomorrow I interview Ivy Murchison, a young woman who, Mary tells me, is quite clever with her hands and eager to enter the profession,” she said, dazed.

“Who is Mary?”

Elizabeth struggled to recapture her reserve. “Our new cook. It has been through her good offices that I have even been able to hire anyone.”

A mock grimace crossed St. Ryne’s face. “My stomach recalls only too well other meals served here. Can this Mary truly cook?”

“Excellently. That does remind me, I must tell her to expect one more for dinner.” She rose regally from her chair. “You must want to freshen up before dinner. I will have Atheridge conduct you to your chamber.” She glanced at the large clock on the mantle as she pulled the bell. “We keep country hours here. Dinner will be served in one hour.”

Elizabeth’s determined wintry disposition effectively cooled St. Ryne’s homecoming enthusiasm and convinced him his road would be rougher to travel than he had imagined. Rather than rail at her icy formality, it would do well to get over this rough ground lightly by accepting it without question. Her carefully controlled neutral demeanor had slipped once, so perhaps it wasn’t an easy attitude to maintain. If that were the case, he would do nothing to antagonize her into insuring its continued maintenance.

He listened to Elizabeth instruct Atheridge, her tones measured and correct yet lacking emotion. Perhaps he should first discover what had occurred at Larchside in his absence, for with his wife’s London reputation, there may be bellows to mend with the locals. She had already spoken of difficulty in engaging servants. Some diplomatic maneuvering might be in order.

St. Ryne’s thoughts were pensive as he followed the butler. The meaning behind Elizabeth’s care for his room was not lost on him. He had not joined her in bed on their wedding night or the night after, therefore she did not expect him to in the future, and most likely would vehemently protest any attempt on his part. He could demand his conjugal rights, although that was definitely not what he wanted from his Bess. He wanted her to want him as much as he was discovering he wanted her. In retrospect, it amazed him what a mull he’d managed to make of his marriage. His actions were those of a man puffed up by his own conceit. It would take time to rectify his many errors. Time, he grimly decided, he would take.

“Your chambers, my lord.”

Atheridge’s rusty voice interrupted his reverie. “Thank you.” He looked about with interest at the room Elizabeth had assigned him. It was decorated in bilious green. St. Ryne thought wryly that its current color scheme probably figured in her selection. He’d wager it was also scheduled to be the last room she redecorated. Actually he was pleased; such a choice was calculated with vengeance in mind, tempered with black humor. If she was as bloodless as she was attempting to portray, it was more likely she wouldn’t have cared where he slept or else would have taken the simple expedient of choosing a room that was the farthest from her own.

“Atheridge,” he said suddenly before the man could leave, “how has life been here at Larchside since I left?”

“Beg pardon, my lord?”

St. Ryne frowned, forming his words carefully in his mind. “I left before my wife had the opportunity to properly acquaint herself with Larchside.”

“Yes, my lord”

“I trust there have been no problems?”

“None, though Mr. Tunning and the mistress do not see eye to eye.”

“In what way?”

“Well, not that it’s for me to say, but it did seem she completely disregarded his personnel suggestions and, forgive me my lord, she has sometimes gone so far as to forget her position with the tenants, if you know my meaning,” he explained austerely.

St. Ryne’s brow descended and he nodded his understanding. “Thank you, Atheridge, that will be all. Oh, you can expect my man to arrive shortly, so please see him situated then conduct him here.”

“Very good, my lord.” Atheridge bowed himself out, pleased with his accomplishment. He’d show Tunning he was not the only one who could be needle-witted. Soon that Viscountess would be property tethered, and Larchside would be her gilded perch. Then they could go about feathering their nests as they’d done for years. There was a fair amount of money put away; he’d once asked Tunning if it weren’t time to cut their losses and retire the scene. But the wily estate agent had been confident there were still funds to be milked from the estate and the people serving it.

Alone, St. Ryne shrugged out of his coat, waistcoat, and shirt, shivering slightly in the cool air. The fire laid when he arrived had not caught sufficiently to heat the room. Absently he picked up the poker to stoke the flames, his mind on Atheridge’s words.

It appeared his fears were well founded; Elizabeth had been up to her London tricks and had already managed to terrorize the neighborhood. He should not have left her in so uncertain a temper. She was bound to take some misguided action. He pitied his tenants, especially those whose life looked unnaturally harsh. He wondered what actions he would have to take to sooth ruffled feathers and hurt feelings. It was no surprise that she was having difficulty engaging servants; she probably terrorized all applicants. Tunning must be tearing his hair out, he mused, with her ranting and raving.

A soft knock on his door was met with a distracted command to enter.

Elizabeth hesitated, her hand a hair’s breadth away from the latch. In all honesty, she failed to remember precisely why she stood there, her errand superfluous in her own mind. She steeled herself to resume her cool, withdrawn mien and briskly opened the door.

“Justin—” His name died on her lips, her breath coming in a ragged gasp. He stood in the flickering glow cast by the fire, naked from the waist up. His smoothly muscled back was to her as he bent forward, stirring the embers.

She had never seen a man without his shirt save in statues and paintings. She blinked rapidly in surprise.

St. Ryne jerked up at the sound of his name, turning swiftly, poker in hand.

A sensual heat pumped erratically through Elizabeth, suffusing her face, running down through her loins, stirring up a maelstrom of emotions from deep within. She felt unaccountably light-headed. The light and shadows cast by the fire sharply defined the muscles in his arms and shoulders and glinted off the curling mat of dark hair spread across his chest and descending in a V to his flat stomach. Her hand slowly rose from her side with a mind of its own and a desire to touch his chest; her nails aching to graze his naked shoulders as he’d promised at that fateful Amblethorp rout. Like waking from a drugged sleep, she lifted her eyes from his chest to his face to find her surprise mirrored in his eyes.

Very slowly he set the poker down by the hearth, moving as if afraid to startle a bird to flight. He glided to her side, his heart pounding in his chest. “Bess,” he whispered, for he recognized the desire and confusion in her eyes. He felt giddy, as if he should be shouting for joy, but he contained himself for this exotic bird could still take flight. He grabbed her shoulders, pulling her close to him. Her hands settled tentatively against his chest.

His head bent, slowly closing the distance with hers. In panic she realized he intended to kiss her. “No!” she moaned, all too clearly remembering when last they kissed, fear of her response to him rapidly supplanting the desire in her eyes. Her fingers curled into fists and weakly her eyelids fluttered shut.

She felt his lips lightly settle on her temple then withdraw, her hands falling from his chest as he stepped away. She swayed slightly, then her eyes flew open to see him pick up his discarded shirt to slip it on. Two bright spots of color stained her cheeks.

“I—I came to inform you the grooms’ quarters in the stable are quite uninhabitable. Your groom will have to sleep in the servant rooms here in the house. I have directed Mrs. Atheridge to have a room prepared but I didn’t know how many to expect. I normally wouldn’t bother you with servant details; however, Mrs. Atheridge seems incapable of independent thought.” She was babbling and she knew it. She compressed her lips tightly for her husband was studying her with a thoroughly masculine, arrogant smile slashing across his face.

“Just Grigs and Cranston at the moment. I have already spoken to Grigs on the condition of the stable, and though he sniffed like a superior butler, he is prepared to accommodate himself as necessary.” He answered lighty but his eyes remained intent upon her.

“Very well, I’m sorry to have disturbed you. I’ll leave you now and see you at dinner.”

Elizabeth, calmer, appeared to have regained her dignity. St. Ryne watched her leave, pleased with the encounter. He discovered to his delight that his lady wife was not completely the mistress of her emotions for he’d glimpsed the edges of suppressed passion. Patience would come easily now, he decided, for he was sure of success. A sudden frown pulled at the corners of his mouth. There was still the problem of her shrewish temperament with other people. On that problem it would bode well to step carefully.

Once out of the suffocating proximity of St. Ryne, a new iron determination to distance herself emotionally from him swept through Elizabeth. She paced her room restlessly. She hated the realization that he could make her knees weak with a touch or a look while he felt nothing. He acted the large cat playing with its prey. Why had he come back, to complete her humiliation? For all her shrewish sins of the past, did she deserve such treatment?

The only time she had felt confident dealing with St. Ryne was the evening she came down to dinner in the altered gown. Her eyes widened. Of course, how stupid she was to forget! Justin was not completely immune to her charms for she’d proven it to herself that night. Poor Hattie told her often enough that a body caught more flies with honey than with vinegar, but her words had fallen on deaf ears, until now.

Her wardrobe was stuffed with her gowns from home. Impatiently she sorted through them. The insipid white muslins she should discard. She must remember to ask Mary if there were any young girls in the area in need of such dresses. Unfortunately the rest of her gowns were not much better. There were, perhaps, two gowns that offered promise: a red velvet that had been made up for a theater excursion that she had bowed out of at the last moment pleading a headache, and a dark blue watered silk which, after it was delivered, Lady Romella had decided was too dark a color for an unmarried woman. Though neither neckline was as vulgarly low as the one she’d fashioned for the gray gown, the colors did her better service. She chose the blue silk, deciding the red may yet be too strong a color. Her campaign must start subtly, she thought with a small smile.





“That repast, my dear, was as good as any prepared by a London chef,” St. Ryne praised as he conducted Elizabeth to the library after dinner. “You are to be congratulated.”

“Yes, I believe we are fortunate in Mary.”

He guided her to a chair then turned to pour after-dinner drinks. “Where did you find this paragon?”

“At one of the tenant farms.” She pulled some needlework from a tapestry bag by the chair.

“The tenant farms?” He had inferred from what Atheridge said that she did not get along with their tenants.

“Yes. You seem surprised.” She threaded her needle and bent her head to the canvas.

“Oh, no, not at all. What are you about there?”

A faint smile traced her lips. “This is a seat cover for a chair in the hall.”

He set a glass of Madeira on the table at her elbow, staring down at her a moment.

“Justin, please, you’re in my light.”

“I beg your pardon.” He walked away to the other chair then swung around to the mantle to remove the candlestick and place it by her side. “You need more light for that work,” he muttered before taking his seat.

Elizabeth thanked him serenely.

St. Ryne found himself well contented to sit and watch her sew by candlelight. A warm glow surrounded her, and St. Ryne was struck by her exquisite beauty. Perhaps Branstoke was correct and he did indeed hold a pearl beyond price in his hand. She did not seem to be a woman who would rant and rave at innocents, rather the tigress that would defend her cubs. Lamentably, he knew he had much to learn; he hoped it wasn’t too late.

In the distance they heard the sharp rap of the door knocker. They exchanged glances.

“Bess, were you expecting someone?”

“No, unless—” she paused.

“Excuse me, my lord,” interrupted Atheridge, “but Mr. Tunning is outside desirous to see you.”

“Have him come in.” He looked at Elizabeth. “Do you know what Tunning wants?”

She laughed mirthlessly. “I have a few ideas.”

Before he could question her further, the man was shown into the room. Tunning coughed deprecatingly, turning his hat round in his hands. He had not expected to see the Viscount and Viscountess so comfortably ensconced together.

“Excuse me, my lord, but seeing as you’ve been away awhile, I just thought you might like to see me on your return, to catch up on our accomplishments as it were.”

Though St. Ryne was annoyed by Tunning's interruption of his first evening with Elizabeth, he had to judge the merit of his words. It rankled to know that Tunning did not trust his wife to apprise him of the improvements. To the estate agent’s mind, however, he was probably acting efficiently. “I concede your point,” he allowed reluctantly.

Tunning shifted nervously, bringing a smile to Elizabeth’s lips at his discomfiture. “Shall we repair to the estate room, as all the books and papers are there?”

St. Ryne sighed and rose from his chair. “Will you forgive me, Bess?”

“Of course,” she acquiesced, nodding her head slightly.

She owned herself disposed to wonder at the success of Tunning's venture and found herself considering the meeting a weather vane for the success of her marriage. Justin did not appear anxious to quit her side; if such a feeling extended to questioning the veracity of Tunning's word over hers, she would be well content and inclined to bend in her attitude toward her husband in return.

The needle she plied struck her thumb smartly, recalling her to her task at hand.

“It’s good to see you back, my lord,” Tunning said, easing himself ponderously into a plain wooden chair.

“You seem almost relieved. Have there been problems?” St. Ryne rounded the table to sit, irked to realize Tunning sat before him and without permission.

Tunning reached for a port bottle from a nearby tray and poured two glasses. “Oh no—leastwise, not overt like, but it’s building. Them Humphries are bad business. They’re too independent, not following my advice or letting me handle the sales. They’re also disruptive.”

St. Ryne accepted the glass wordlessly, though silently he wondered what a port bottle and glasses were doing in his estate room. Tunning seemed to take it for granted that this was his domain. He took a sip of port before speaking and leaned back in his chair to study the estate agent through lazily hooded eyes. “In what manner?” he finally asked.

“Insolent, my lord.”

St. Ryne thought of his wife’s sharp manner and Atheridge’s comment on the time she spent with the tenants. “To whom have they been insolent? My wife?”

“No, my lord. It’s too busy toad-eating her, they are. She’s always down there and even went so far as to hire that Mary Geddy when I expressly told her the Humphries are a bad lot.”

St. Ryne sat forward in his chair, pushing a stack of ledgers away from the place before him to clear a space for his arms. He suddenly felt his understanding of the situation at Larchside crumbling. “What has Mary Geddy to do with the Humphries?”

“She’s Mrs. Humphries’s mother and a very insinuating woman, she is.”

“Mrs. Humphries’ mother? Does she live with them?”

“Yes, for about five years, now, I’d say.”

“Mrs. Geddy is an excellent cook.” St. Ryne looked steadily at Tunning. “Can you say you know of better?”

Tunning squirmed. “Not precisely, my lord. But it does no good to encourage them,” he returned roundly. “I don’t trust them and I’d watch out for the Viscountess with them, bad influence, that.”

St. Ryne crossed his arms over his chest, sinking his head down in thought, a brooding pout on his face. “I understand none of the servants who have been hired have been of your choosing.”

“No, and that’s a fact I also wanted to discuss with you but didn’t rightly know how to bring up.”

“I’m giving you your opportunity. Speak.”

Tunning coughed and shifted his feet before responding. “I’ll not wrap it up in clean linen, my lord. The Viscountess don’t like me, and that’s a fact.”

“Why?” The question shot out between them, hanging over the table.

“Now, my lord,” he cajoled, mopping his brow, “there’s no pulling the wool over my eyes. I’m up to every rig and row invented.” He leaned toward the Viscount, the look of state secrets to sell upon his face. “I’ve heard stories about the Viscountess, stories that would curl your hair, beggin’ your lordship’s pardon.”

St. Ryne’s hackles rose though he managed to wave his hand dismissingly. “Stories mean nothing. You would be wise to remember that if you wish to remain in our employ,” he slowly replied, pinning him with a quelling stare.

Tunning was disconcerted. “Well, to be sure, to be sure,” he placated quickly. “But it still don’t change the fact that the Viscountess is resistant to my advice.”

“You’ve traded words with her?”

Tunning laughed weakly. “Yes, and that’s a fact, but I’d say we’ve got each other’s measure now, my lord,” he hastily assured St. Ryne.

“Indeed? If that is the case, I wonder who is really being insolent to whom?”

Tunning's smile dimmed and he fidgeted with his watch chain.

“Why don’t we call in Elizabeth to discuss the servant situation?”

“Now that you’re home, my lord, that’s not really necessary.”

“Oh, but I insist.” St. Ryne rang the bell for Atheridge who responded with suspicious alacrity.

“Atheridge, ask the Viscountess to join Mr. Tunning and me in the estate room, please.” St. Ryne did not wait for Atheridge’s bow, but adroitly changed the subject and began speaking to Tunning of a proposed meeting with Grigs to discuss the condition of the stable and whether it could be remodeled or if it needed to be completely rebuilt.

“Are you planning to settle here permanently, my lord?”

“Hardly, I have other properties, some of which are considerably larger than Larchside.” St. Ryne rose and began prowling the small room as he talked. He peered at the dates on the ledgers in the bookcase.

“Then, begging your pardon, my lord, why are you fixin’ the place up? To sell?”

“I can’t do that, Tunning. You see I settled Larchside on my wife when we married.” He turned back to the table. “So, I will be depending on you to turn this property around and make it more than marginally profitable.”

“I understand.” Tunning's thoughts chased around in his head. Perhaps if he could show periodic improvement in the revenues and property condition, he would still be left to run Larchside and could easily arrange to continue his side earnings. It may well be that the faster repairs and improvements were made, the faster would he see the backs of the Viscount and his interfering wife.

Atheridge coughed from the doorway. “Excuse me, my lord.”

St. Ryne swung around. “Yes, where is the Viscountess, my wife?”

“She says, my lord, as the estate room has been locked to her the entire time you’ve been gone, she takes that to mean it is a room she’s not to enter and therefore begs you’ll come to her.”

“Locked! Didn’t you give her all the keys, Atheridge?”

Atheridge looked nervously to Tunning for support.

“Now, my lord, with all the strangers coming in and out, I weren’t sure we could trust them all so I kept the door locked,” Tunning explained easily.

“I suppose there is merit is that,” the Viscount allowed grudgingly. He could see he would have to lay down new ground rules as to how the estate business would be handled in the future. It appeared this man had controlled the estate like a ruling despot. It probably worked fine under Sir Jeremy Redfin, but he did business differently. Two changes he would institute quickly were the practice of locking the estate door from the inside and the maintaining of a port bottle.

“Then, too, my lord,” Tunning went on, failing to note the Viscount’s pensive attitude, “women really don’t need to bother their pretty little heads with numbers.”

St. Ryne raised an eyebrow. “I begin to see why you and the Viscountess do not get along. Enough for this evening. We will talk again tomorrow.” St. Ryne rose from his chair, anxious to return to the library. He now knew all his suppositions as to what exactly had transpired during his absence to be worthless. It gave him an uneasy feeling he couldn’t quite capture.

Elizabeth forced herself to continue her needlework and refrain from looking up when St. Ryne entered the library. She knew it was merely a fit of pique that caused her to respond to his summons as she did. Almost the moment the words were out of her mouth she’d regretted them. Only an overwhelming desire to deny herself Tunning's company kept her in her seat.

When her husband didn’t address her, she risked a quick peek up through her lashes to see him refilling his port glass. Her pulse suddenly throbbed as he settled himself in the chair next to her.

“Why haven’t you been willing to follow Mr. Tunning's advice?” His tone was neutral.

“If he gave good advice, I’d have followed it,” she said, copying his tone.

“How do you know his advice is bad?” St. Ryne probed, attempting to understand.

Elizabeth sighed and leveled an intent stare at him. “Have you approved of the servants I engaged? The improvements I’ve made?”

“Of course! I told you when I arrived that you have worked miracles here and the last few hours have only confirmed that observation. But that doesn’t answer my question.”

“Doesn’t it? None of the changes I’ve made have met with Mr. Tunning’s approval,” Elizabeth said disgustedly. She stuffed her needlework into its tapestry bag; she was no longer calm enough to work.

“What? But Tunning says—”

“Oo-oo!” Elizabeth surged to her feet, unwilling to hear words she felt certain would be said in Tunning's defense. “Your precious Tunning is a scoundrel and a thief. If you bothered to open your eyes, you’d see that for yourself. He may have been successful in keeping me from seeing the books, but I know what he is up to! Now if you’ll excuse me, my lord,” she said, the honorarium dripping acid, “I will go to bed for I suddenly find myself bored beyond measure. Good night!” she said, slamming the door shut behind her.

St. Ryne dolefully shook his head. He was somehow managing, quite nicely, to muff his good intentions.





Pluck up spirits; look cheerfully upon me.

—Act IV, Scene 1



St. Ryne frowned. Blast it! Would the accursed man never grant him a moment’s peace? For the past three days, everywhere he turned, there was Tunning. His shadowed presence was rapidly giving credence to Elizabeth’s negative impressions of the man, to say nothing of his own nagging disquiet.

His weight shifted and his leather saddle creaked as his mount sidled. He leaned forward to pat the horse’s neck reassuringly, trying to decide if he should wait for Tunning to catch up or pretend he never saw him and canter off along the ridge. The latter was tempting but with a sigh he stood his ground. This coil was of his own making and withal Tunning was a part, he could not slip away. Still, he did wish it was Elizabeth riding so determinedly in his direction.

Elizabeth. Lovely Bess. Now just thinking of her brought a light of humor and affection to his eyes, a light she did not deign to recognize. With awe inspiring tenacity she persisted in the role of the proper chatelaine and, to his annoyance, treated him with great deference.

At first he had devoted his time to being available to her should she need anything. He quickly discovered she was self-reliant and stood in no need of his assistance. He tried then to initiate conversation, and albeit she answered civilly enough, he could neither raise a smile nor spark a fire. For a while he searched his mind for ruses to shock her out of her bloodless attitude only to discard them all; for ruses and games had precipitated his current dilemma. In truth, he was a stranger living on sufferance within his own home, except with Tunning. He did not yet know what Tunning’s game was, but it made him deuced uncomfortable. As he was drawing a bad hand in his efforts with Elizabeth, perhaps it was time to study Tunning and unwind the coil from the nether end.

Tunning was drawing closer, his hat jammed tight on his balding head while his brown coattails flapped in the wind. St. Ryne deliberately turned his eyes away to look out across the valley. From the windswept ridge he could see all of Larchside. It was no rare find; however, it had a certain practicality and comfortable feel. His brow furrowed in thought as he studied the tenant farms from his high vantage point. The differences in condition between the Home farm and the other farms were marked, yet from here one could see they shared the same type of lands. None appeared to suffer from marshy pastures or rock-strewn fields. Why was the Home farm in so much better condition?

He would like to have some time alone with that Humphries fellow, if he could ever get Tunning off his tail. When he was about, all his people were morose and uncommunicative, allowing Tunning to butt in and answer any question he posed. Although the man knew his business, it did begin to appear there was havey-cavey business afoot.

He turned in his saddle toward Tunning as the man rode up the hill to his side. His horse’s sides were heaving, and St. Ryne wondered how long Tunning had ridden about before spotting him on the ridge.

“Did you want something?” St. Ryne did not bother to keep the disgust from his voice.

“Thought you might like some company, my lord,” Tunning said heartily.

St. Ryne turned away from him to look out over the property. “Did you indeed? I wonder.”

“Beg pardon?”

“I’m thinking I shall go have a talk with Humphries. For all that you say, the man is obviously doing something right. Such a fellow could be exemplary to all.”

“But, my lord—”

The Viscount held up his hand to cut him off. “Personally, Tunning, I don’t care what the man’s politics are and if his oratory could cause the others to do as well, then I say, so much the better.” He cast an eye in his estate agent’s direction. “Frankly, I have not seen any great communicative powers displayed. When one considers it, it is very singular,” he went on musingly.

“Oh, no, hardly that, my lord,” Tunning replied bluffly. "These people know their place better than to try to hobnob with the gentry.”

A cold anger swept through St. Ryne, and for a moment he did not trust himself to speak. The man was an insufferable snob, positively medieval. If that was his attitude, it explained the problems plaguing the estate. “Is that what you impart to these people? To know their place?” he asked evenly though he was near trembling with rage.

Tunning looked questioningly at the Viscount only to encounter a blank mask. “If necessary,” he replied slowly, trying to gauge his employer’s reactions.

“Ah-h,” St. Ryne said silkily, gathering up the reins in his hands. “I believe the question now is, do you know yours?” Without awaiting a reply, he put spurs to his horse, turning his head for home.





“Bess! Bess!” St. Ryne strode rapidly into the manor, flinging his gloves on a side table.

“Shall I inform ’er ladyship you desire to speaks with ’er, milord?” a gawky bran-faced young man asked as he assisted the Viscount in removing his greatcoat.

“Who the devil are you?”

“Peter Forney, milord. Your wife—I mean ’er ladyship, the Viscountess, she’s engaged me to be a footman ’ere.”

“Ah, Thomas’s replacement.” He heartily clapped the thin young man on the back. “Splendid. Now, just tell me where I might find the Viscountess.”

The new footman stumbled under the impact of St. Ryne’s hand then stood up straighter. “I believe, milord, she’s consult’n with Mrs. Geddy in the kitchen.”

“Thank you,” St. Ryne acknowledged, turning to walk toward the kitchen. As he neared the door, a sound he had never heard before assailed his ears, the sound of carefree laughter. He hesitated, listening intently. It was Bess and she was laughing as though she had not a care in the world. Suddenly he wanted to witness her mirth, to see how it would transform her features and light her golden eyes. He continued his bold swift stride in hopes of catching sight of a heretofore unknown phenomena.

Hearing the heavy tread of boots on stone, Elizabeth turned swiftly to the sound, a half-peeled apple and a knife in her hand, a wide smile gracing her lips and sparkling in her sunshine eyes. She wore a big apron over her leaf-green day dress, her hair carelessly knotted at the top of her head, straggling wisps framing her face. Before her on the heavy, worn wood table was a pan half full of peeled apples and a basket containing fresh ones. Behind her the golden autumn sun poured through the small windows set high on the wall and flooded the table with an umbrella of light. St. Ryne’s heart constricted for all he knew he was missing and he wished he could have this scene done in a painting by Gainsborough to save forever.

The apple slipped from her grasp, and she fumbled to catch it. “Justin! What brings you back here so early in the day?” she asked breathlessly.

“Tunning.”

“Tunning? I don’t understand.”

“Do you know that man is a blathering snob? Worse, perhaps, than my own mother, if that’s possible.” He reached around her to pick up a fresh apple, nodding acknowledgment of Mrs. Geddy’s presence.

Elizabeth relaxed and laughed softly, laying the knife and fruit on the table. “Haven’t I been trying to tell you something of this?”

“Umm-m,” St. Ryne mumbled, crunching on a crisp bite. “Ought to laugh more often, you know. It is a very pretty sound. All in all, you’re a beautiful woman. Frowns don’t become you. Some women can use a pout or frown to increase their charms, but I’m sorry to have to inform you, my love, you don’t number amongst them.”

Incredulity swept over Elizabeth’s face. “What are you about, Justin?”

The hint of a wry smile twisted St. Ryne’s lips. “Laughter. After spending unconscionable hours in our illustrious estate agent’s company—”

“Questionably illustrious,” corrected Elizabeth placidly.

“What? Oh, all right, questionably illustrious. I suddenly find myself possessed of a desire to hear and see you laugh." He turned to Mrs. Geddy. ‘‘Tell me, ma’am, is it so ridiculous for a husband to wish to see his wife happy?”

“Not at all, my lord.”

“See? I have also decided you are working too hard. What are you doing with these apples?”

Elizabeth blushed. How could she explain that when she saw a bushel of apples in the larder, she had a sudden desire for an old childhood delight? There hadn’t been many happy memories from her childhood, but apple flummery was one. She looked up at him defiantly. “They’re for apple flummery.”

“With clotted cream?”

“Yes,” Elizabeth returned faintly.

“I haven’t had that since I was a boy! When will it be ready?”

Mary Geddy’s warm, cackling chuckle interrupted Elizabeth’s reply. “Now didn’t I just tell you it weren’t so foolish to hanker for a memory? ’Specially a good one. I ever lose sight of the good times God’s seen fit to bless me with, then you might as well bury me. That’s wot I always say.”

St. Ryne bowed formally to the little cook. “Mrs. Geddy, you put all the learned philosophers to shame.”

“Oh, get on with you, my lord,” she said, the red in her cheeks spreading over her face.

St. Ryne gave a shout of laughter. “Mrs. Geddy, you are a gem.”

Mrs. Geddy tsk-tsked and grabbed the pan of peeled fruit from the table. “I’ll finish this. Now off with you both so I can see it’s ready by teatime.” Her voice was gruff and filled with no nonsense, but Elizabeth and St. Ryne didn’t miss the gleam in her eyes. They surreptitiously exchanged knowing looks.

Suddenly embarrassed, Elizabeth stood up to remove the voluminous apron, startled to find St. Ryne’s hand on the material, helping to lift it over her head. Silently he took it from her and laid it on the table then offered her his arm.

“My lady?”

Elizabeth leveled a studying gaze on him, then instead of placing her fingertips on his arm, she hooked her arm in his. Pleased, St. Ryne drew his arm closer to his body then reached out to cover her hand with his other. Though Elizabeth’s color was high, she fought to maintain a coolness she was far from feeling.

Mrs. Geddy, watching from beside the table, smiled approvingly. From all the Viscountess said, it had not been a love match, but if she didn’t miss her guess, it was turning into one for both though they were still too stubborn to recognize it.

“You were saying something about Tunning before,” Elizabeth said calmly as he led her to the newly refurbished drawing room.

“Yes, I was, but right now I find I don’t wish to continue.”

“I beg your pardon?”

He seated her on a small sofa. “Please don’t do that.”

“Do what? Justin, you are not making sense.”

“Don’t freeze up on me, and I find I must disagree with you, my love. I think for the first time I am making perfect sense.”

“What?”

St. Ryne swiftly sat down next to her, taking her hands in his. “You once said I was making a mockery of tradition and you called our marriage a miserable alliance. You were correct and my actions, I am ashamed to admit now, were deliberately cruel. I would like the opportunity to start over.”

“You want our marriage annulled?”

“Good God, woman, no! I want us to put the past behind us and see if we might not be able to make some of those happy memories Mrs. Geddy spoke of.”

Elizabeth withdrew her hands from his clasp. “I— I don’t know. As you said, you were deliberately cruel and it became my understanding that this was to be strictly a marriage of convenience. I will admit I fail to see to whose convenience the marriage is; nonetheless, it is my understanding one may set up certain rules in such relationships and live by them. You may go your way and I go mine.” The color rose in her cheeks, but she went on. “I suppose you will one day wish for an heir and it will be my, my obligation to provide you with one.”

“Shall you hate that so terribly much?”

Her face drained of color then grew brighter again, “However, I will not stand in your way if your heir is some by-blow of a lightskirt that you choose to recognize as your own,” she finished steadily.

“You haven’t answered my question, Bess my love. Would you hate bearing my child so much?”

Elizabeth rose to place some distance between herself and St. Ryne. “I really haven’t considered it,” she said, though inside she knew that was a lie. Thoughts of St. Ryne and their children haunted her dreams at night along with memories of his shattering kisses and visions of his hands running lightly over her entire body.

“Will you consider it?” He came to stand behind her, inches separating their bodies.

“If you would like.”

“May I also ask you to smile now and then?”

“What an odd man you are,” she said in a strangled voice.

He studied the curve of her graceful neck and the casual hairstyle that was threatening to slip its pins. He smiled. “Just blame it on the hot Jamaican sun.”

She turned to look quizzically at him, only to be met by an enigmatic smile. “I’m afraid this conversation has degenerated. Perhaps it would be best if we talked later. If you’ll excuse me, I have some more tasks I’d like to complete before tea.”

St. Ryne watched her leave with mixed feelings. He could have desired a more hopeful response from Elizabeth, but he did note that the ice had not returned to her voice. Perhaps if he investigated Tunning, he’d get her to thaw toward him, though the only thing he expected to find Tunning guilty of was a sense of overweening superiority. He rubbed his hands together in anticipation as he walked toward the estate room.

Locked!

He at first wouldn’t believe it. It must be sticking. He placed his shoulder to the door to give it a good shove. Soon, he was forced to admit that the door was indeed locked against him as it had been to Elizabeth.

“Atheridge!” he bellowed like a wounded bear. “Atheridge, where are you?”

“Here, my lord, right here. Is there something I can do for you?”

“Yes, bring Mr. Tunning’s head up here on a platter.”

Atheridge blanched. “My lord?”

St. Ryne rolled his eyes heavenward. “Preserve us from nodcocks,” he muttered. “You don’t happen to have a key to the estate room, do you? I thought not, for you told Elizabeth you didn’t. Send for Mr. Tunning, for I’d like to see him as soon as possible.”

“Today, my lord?”

“If possible, right now! Move it, man!”

“Yes, my lord, yes, right away.” Atheridge’s spindly shanks scuffled down the hall.

“Justin, what is all the yelling about?” Elizabeth asked as she passed Atheridge in the hall. She had been in the dining room seeing to the placement of a large epergne on the center of the table when she heard St. Ryne shout for Atheridge. His tone had convinced her he was doing more than giving orders so she hurried to his side. The skin around St. Ryne’s lips was white and through his thin veneer of calm, Elizabeth could see white-hot anger.

She shivered slightly. She hoped never to see that type of rage directed at her.

St. Ryne turned almost fathomless dark brown eyes in Elizabeth’s direction as he struggled to capture his anger. “It’s locked.” His voice seethed with suppressed anger.

Elizabeth raised her eyebrows in mock surprise then burst out laughing.

“I fail to see what is humorous in this situation.”

“No, I daresay you don’t,” she managed to choke out before laughter overwhelmed her again.

St. Ryne shot her a look of reproach that she met with a sunny smile and another little titter of laughter.

“I’m glad to see Tunning is being democratic about the estate room. He doesn’t want anyone in that room, not just me. I wonder what has he to hide?” she asked, at last harnessing her laughter though a broad smile remained in place.

A look of consternation and self-disgust swept St. Ryne’s features. “Touché,” he said wryly, giving her a fencer’s salute. “All right, I will accept your reservations on Tunning, but only grudgingly mind you, and endeavor to do some research on my own. Will that mollify you?”

She eyed him consideringly. “Not entirely, but for the time it will do. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do and you have an interview to conduct. I’ll see you at tea.”

When she walked away, she found herself fighting a compulsion to turn around.





“Atheridge hasn’t returned yet?” Elizabeth poured a bowl of tea and handed it to her husband.

“No, and I can’t imagine what is delaying him or Tunning.

“Perhaps Mr. Tunning was out at one of the farms or in the village,” she offered.

“Perhaps.” His frown deepened, creating deep furrows in his forehead. “He should have sent Peter to find him. Young legs move faster.”

“You probably intimidated him with your bellowing. I vow he’s never heard the like.”

A reluctant grin lifted the corners of his mouth. “I suppose I was a bit loud.”

“A wounded animal couldn’t be worse,” she flung back, her own sense of the ridiculous sweeping through her.

“Bess, Bess!” St. Ryne said urgently, coming to sit next to her. “Listen to us. We are enjoying each other’s company. Give us a chance!”

She looked at him archly though her pulse fluttered erratically. “I should hope we could learn to be comfortable with each other,” she said carefully.

St. Ryne’s shoulders slumped and he bit back a scathing retort. “Yes, comfortable. It is more than some have,” he managed to say evenly before returning to his chair. “And where is our treat?”

Elizabeth looked at him quizzically but did not press him. She pulled the top off a silver server. “Right here, and still quite warm.” She handed St. Ryne his plate, laughing at his expression of ecstasy as he took a bite.

“Why is it that this is considered a childhood dessert not suitable once one reaches one’s maturity?”

Elizabeth chuckled as she took a bite. “I don’t know,” she managed to mumble between bites.

“You know, I’d dearly love to see my mother’s face if she were to witness me eating this.”

“Why?”

“My mother is an unusual woman, and that may well be an understatement. She has an arrogant manner one could cut with a knife and is one of the highest sticklers in the ton, yet she is the clumsiest woman, forever knocking over things and breaking them. Father says she adopted her arrogance as a defense for her clumsiness. If she ignores it, it’s like she defies anyone else to notice it. She can be damned infuriating. I don’t know how Father can stand to live with her, but in their own way, they do seem devoted to each other, not that Mother would dare display any such feeling publicly.”

“So why would she react to your eating this?”

“Because she has reached the stage where she has decided I need to become somber, serious, and able to put aside childish things. I must become a paragon of rectitude.”

A trill of uninhibited laughter assailed his ears. “You?” she asked, “a paragon of perfection?”

“So she would have me be.”

“How boring.”

“My thought exactly.”

“At least you have parents who cared. I don’t think my father has ever cared one whit whether I lived or died.”

“Surely you jest!”

“Do I? My father has never forgiven me for killing my mother and refuses, when he can, to recognize my existence.”

“Doing it a little too brown, Bess,” he said severely.

“What do you know of it? You’re much too cocksure of yourself by half. Mama contracted pneumonia after rescuing me from a duck pond. She died a few days later. I was only five at the time; however, Papa blamed me for her death and it was years before he would even look at me, and he never speaks to me unless he has to. The only person who has ever cared whether I lived or died is Hattie, my old nurse.”

“I care.”

His soft words hung between them. Elizabeth ardently wished she could believe them. A look of open vulnerability appeared in her eyes, pulling at St. Ryne.

“Bess—” he murmured, rising.

A light knock halted him. He turned toward the door, then cast one last glance in Elizabeth’s direction before granting permission to enter.

“Excuse me, my lord, Mr. Tunning's here to see you, sir.”

“Show him in.”

“Do you wish me to leave?” Elizabeth asked, color slowly returning to her face.

“No, that’s not necessary,” he assured her. He turned to confront Tunning when he entered. “Where have you been? I sent for you hours ago.”

“Beg pardon, my lord. I was checking on the cost of supplies for the stable. Some of those tradesmen can be real crooks, boosting prices just ’cause they works for gentry. I put them in their place right enough. We’ll not be gulled by any merchants in these parts.”

St. Ryne relaxed a bit at hearing Tunning's explanation. “I sent for you regarding the estate room.”

“Yes, my lord.”

“It’s locked again, damn it! What are you about, locking my own estate room against me?”

“I assure you, my lord, it weren’t done intentionally. I guess locking the estate room has just become habit of late, like I told you when you returned, because of all the strangers about. I assumed you had a key, my lord. I’ll have the smith make up another.”

“Have him make two,” interposed Elizabeth.

Tunning looked from St. Ryne to the Viscountess and back. “Two, my lord?”

“Yes, an excellent idea. You should have one on your ring, my dear.”

“Are you intending to work in the estate room, my lord?” Tunning asked in a strangled voice.

“Yes, about time I acquainted myself with the crops and numbers.”

“I will make myself available to assist you.”

“I think I am capable of reading by myself,” St. Ryne drawled.

“Well, I’ll just be by to answer questions, then.”

“That will not be necessary as my hours in the estate room will no doubt be erratic. Any questions I have will be brought out later.”

“If you’re sure, my lord. . . ”

“Yes, Tunning, confound it, there is no need for you to live in my pocket.”

“To be sure, my lord, no offense meant. Will that be all?”

“Yes— No! Give me your key for now. We will deal with the smith later.”

Reluctantly, Tunning removed a large brass key from his pocket.

“Thank you. You may go.”

“Very good, my lord.”

St. Ryne turned the key over in his hand, blindly staring at it. Suddenly, closing his fist over it, he rose from his chair. “Will you excuse me, Bess? My curiosity is aroused.”





St. Ryne tapped the letter against his hand then went in search of Elizabeth. The letter was franked by her father and appeared to be in his strong hand. Given what Bess had told him of her relationship with her parent, he could not help but wonder at its content. It was a splendid excuse to search her out, something he now tried to do at odd moments of the day.

Their open conversation over the apple flummery was not repeated; however, as they spent more and more time together at tea, over dinner, and in the evening, or at chance encounters during the day, the formality between them began to fade. Elizabeth smiled and laughed more, her eyes sparkling, her cheeks rosy. She began to enjoy St. Ryne’s company, his humor, and his solicitous nature. At times it made her wonder if the early days of her marriage weren’t some nightmare from which she awoke. They still maintained separate bedrooms and nothing seemed to be occurring to change that circumstance. St. Ryne was very careful not to do anything untoward that would upset their fragile budding relationship.

For her part, Elizabeth wondered if St. Ryne would ever be interested in her. She craved his touch but was too afraid of his coldness and disgust if she demonstrated passion.

He found her in the drawing room, working on the chair cover. The new drapes had not yet arrived from London, and consequently the pale sunlight streamed in through the tall bare windows. Elizabeth sat with the sun pouring over her shoulders, shining on the brilliant colors of the canvas in her lap and casting the red-gold aura he had become so familiar with on her hair.

“This just came for you.”

“A letter, for me?” She took the letter from him. “It’s from my father!”

“You act surprised.”

“In truth, I am. I thought he’d washed his hands of me.”

“Well, obviously not. Aren’t you going to read it?”

She stared at the letter. “I suppose I must,” she said ruefully. She broke open the wafer and spread the closely written sheet open on her needlework. Her eyes quickly scanned the contents, then she looked up at St. Ryne. “Oh, come read this, too. ’Tis rich, I vow!”

St. Ryne leaned over the back of her chair, her hair tickling his chin and smelling of jasmine. The letter, in very stilted words, was to inform them of Helene’s betrothal to Frederick Shiperton, Esq.

“Poor Freddy,” they muttered simultaneously then began to laugh until their eyes watered. St. Ryne, his hands resting on her shoulders, dropped a kiss on her head. Elizabeth stilled at his touch then slowly turned her head to look up at him. Silently they stared at each other.

Elizabeth nervously licked her lips. “They want us to come to London for a betrothal ball. It’s to be the last society event before the Christmas season,” she said faintly.

“All right,” he breathed, his head coming inexorably closer. “We’ll leave tomorrow.”

“Tomorrow!” yelped Elizabeth. She turned her head away and with nervous fingers rolled her needlework up and replaced it in the tapestry bag. “Then I must get busy, there are a thousand things to do.”

St. Ryne sighed and stood upright. “Yes, of course, my dear. Let me know if I may be of any service to you.”

“Thank you, Justin, I will. I must find Mrs. Atheridge to supervise the packing and check on the laundry, and then I’ll go see Mary and tell her not to get any more perishables. I’ll need to wash my hair this evening, as well.”

St. Ryne laughed, holding his hands before him as if to ward off a blow. “Enough! I can see I have much to learn about traveling with a household,” he said humorously.

Elizabeth grinned saucily at him. “It’s not so bad as long as one remembers to deal a whip and chain.”

“Baggage!”

Elizabeth merely laughed and skipped out of the room. St. Ryne stared after her, a sardonic smile curving his lips. “Just you wait, my love,” he said to the empty room. “Your time is coming.”





Come on, a God’s name; once more toward our father’s.

—Act IV, Scene 3



“Justin, it is not necessary for you to accompany me!” Elizabeth expostulated, drawing on yellow kid gloves.

“Indulge me, Bess. It is my intention to make amends for that questionable trousseau I gave you.” He drew her arm through his and led her down the steps before their London town house.

“So you admit to its unsuitability?”

“It was a quixotic gesture, except perhaps for that gray dress,” he said reminiscently, a hint of a smile curving his lips.

Elizabeth dimpled up at him. “It did have a certain charm, didn’t it?”

“I believe it wasn’t its charms that caught my attention,” St. Ryne said drily. “Why haven’t you worn it since?”

She blushed. “It served its purpose,” was all she would answer in return.

St. Ryne laughed and pressed her arm closer to his side.

“So whose establishment are we to grace with our custom?”

Elizabeth’s brow wrinkled in thought. “In truth, I am still considering. I refuse to visit any of the modistes my aunt frequented. They would likely parade before us fabrics and dresses such as my aunt preferred. I desire something very different. ”

“May I make a suggestion?”

“You?” she queried archly.

“Aside from my wretched choice for a trousseau, I am aware of the niceties of feminine fashion.”

“Ah, supported the high-flyers, did you?”

His mouth gaped then snapped shut, his eyes dancing. “Hush, you silly widgeon! No need to broadcast our conversation to all of Bond Street. As to your supposition,” he continued with mock dignity, “may I remind you I have been on the town for ten years now, and since clothing is something women discuss incessantly, a gentleman is bound to pick up a thing or two.” He waved his free hand airily.

Elizabeth compressed her lips against a laugh. “Just so.”

“My lady, I believe you are laughing at me.”

Elizabeth opened her golden eyes wide and batted her eyelashes in feinted innocence. “I, my lord and master?”

“Ah—ha! Finally she has the right of it.”

She wrinkled her nose up at him in playful disgust. Abruptly she realized she was flirting with her husband. She looked up at his teasing visage, aware that she enjoyed his company.

No, more than that; she loved him. The realization shook her to the core of her being, and a soft blush rose in her cheeks. She looked away, taking note of their surroundings, allowing her face to cool. They had been walking in their own private world, oblivious to their location or the people they passed. Several members of the ton were eyeing them with open curiosity. Elizabeth laughed gaily, a heady euphoria brightening her countenance.

“Justin!” she exclaimed, tugging on his arm. “Have you noticed, we are the object of close scrutiny and speculation,” she said conspiringly.

St. Ryne looked up briefly, a wry smile twisting his lips “Let them speculate, it is their bread and wine. What matters is what we know.”

“And what is that, Justin?” she asked softly.

For a moment he was bereft of an answer. How can a man tell a wife he has virtually married in jest that he has fallen in love with her? “That you are a siren and I the unlucky creature to hear your call,” he answered lightly.

“Oh—annoying creature!”

He laughed, halting her before a dressmaker’s shop “Here is Mme. Marie Vaussard’s establishment. I’d wage your aunt never shopped here, and I think Mme. Vaussard would appreciate your coloring and could turn it to good effect.” He opened the shop door and led her inside.

The reception room, decorated in the Grecian style, was white and gold with pale green hangings and upholstery. Tall mirrors in simple gold frames hung on one wall appearing to double the room’s size. The shop exuded quiet refinement and elegance and not, as Elizabeth had feared the ostentation of establishments frequented by the Fashionable Impures. A little woman as neat as wax came through a green curtained doorway on their left.

“Milord! It has been a long time, no?”

St. Ryne grabbed one of the woman’s tiny hands and guided it to his lips to bestow a courtly kiss. “But I always return, Mme. Vaussard, and manage to make my way into your delightful company.”

She quickly withdrew her hand and wagged a finger at him. “Flatterer. If I listened to a Soupçon of what you said I would never get anything done and would be a poor, broken woman. Now, who is your charmante companion in this hideous attire?”

St. Ryne laughed. “You have never been one to mince words. I think that is one of your charms that has me returning to your side.”

Mme. Vaussard sniffed. “I am waiting.”

“A thousand apologies, but it is my great honor to introduce you to my wife, the Viscountess St. Ryne.”

“Your wife! Oo-lala, I am overwhelmed. I had heard stories—but—but—"’

“Precisely,” St. Ryne interjected causing Elizabeth to purse her lips in suppressed laughter while her eyes danced gleefully.

Mme. Vaussard did not miss the Viscountess’s reaction, nor the caress in the Viscount’s tone when he introduced her. It was a wise businesswoman who kept an ear to the society rumor mill and Mme. Vaussard was no one’s fool. She had heard of the Viscount’s wedding and knew the reputation of the former Lady Elizabeth Monweithe. It appeared society was about to have its aristocratic nose put out of joint. It was an endeavor Mme. Vaussard was glad to aid.

“So, you wish a new wardrobe? One befitting a Viscountess?”

“Yes,” Elizabeth answered, “immediately. I need a ball gown to wear to my sister’s betrothal ball. Unfortunately, her ball is only two days away.”

“Two days? Mon Dieu, what am I? A witch to conjure up a stunning, and of course, totally unusual, for thus it must be, ball gown?”

“More likely a fairy godmother.”

The modiste looked down her narrow nose at him, pursing her lips. “And you, milord, are an arrogant jackanapes. Come, my dear, let us go in the back and see what we have.

Where do you think you are going?” Mme. Vaussard asked St. Ryne as he made to follow them.

“With you.”

"Non. This time you will sit out here and wait while Madame La Viscountess and I consult. You are de trop now,” she relented.

She escorted Elizabeth to a back room filled with jewel toned materials, partially made gowns, and a scattering of drawings. “You certainly knew how to handle Justin," Elizabeth said once they were in the privacy of the back room.

Mme. Vaussard shifted bolts of material aside. “All gentlemen are basically leetle boys at heart, so, if one talks to them like their old nurse or governess, they just crumble. Now let us see what we can do for you.” She looked up from the piles of fabric and pinned Elizabeth with a considering eye. “Hannah! Hannah! Bring more candles!”

“Yes, Madame,” called a small voice from upstairs, and a moment later Elizabeth heard the clatter of footsteps on the stairs. The creature who appeared at the bottom was a slim young girl of some fifteen or sixteen summers clutching two candelabra and a fist full of candles to her flat chest.

"Parfait, mon chou. Now, place them high. One on the highboy I think, and the other on the pedestal where the plant is. We will create the feeling of the light at a ball," she explained to Elizabeth. “I have two fabrics here which I wish to drape you in. Here, Hannah, hold this one up against her ladyship like so. It is called Cote de I’Azure for the sea in the south of France.”

Elizabeth stared, spellbound at the cascade of blue material. It was a gloriously rich and vibrant color.

“Too remote,” came a clipped voice from the doorway.

The three women in the room turned with a start.

“Milord,” began Mme. Vaussard repressively.

“Dash it, woman, I’ll not sit kicking my heels in your charming little reception room! I’d like some say in how my own wife appears at this ball.” He looked at Elizabeth, his expression softening. "It’s important to us.”

Mme. Vaussard snorted delicately but made no further argument to his leaving. “You don’t like this material?” she asked instead.

“It’s beautiful, but not for this dress. Dressed up in that, she’d appear too cold and remote, like some damned doll on a pedestal.”

“Justin, please,” implored Elizabeth, laughingly embarrassed by his forthright language.

Mme. Vaussard tapped her forefinger against her chin. “You want heat, a touch of passion? Perhaps the Italian Rosi—Hannah!”

“Right away, Madame,” the child said, gathering up the blue silk. In its place she draped a rose-colored silk shot with gold thread.

Elizabeth’s eyes opened wide. It was a stunning material but it made her feel uncomfortable. “I don’t know, Madame,” she said hesitantly.

“It’s beautiful for you,” St. Ryne said. “It reflects the pink of your cheeks and the gold in your eyes.”

“Monsieur le Viscount is correct, cherie. ”

“Yes, but I don’t think I care to be quite that—that conspicuous.”

“May I make a suggestion, Madame?” Hannah asked timidly. Mme. Vaussard raised an eyebrow yet bowed her head in consent.

Hannah took a deep breath. “Two days ago I unpacked a new shipment of material, and there was one I think would be perfect for her ladyship. Let me get it—” She scurried over to a cupboard. “There wasn’t a lot of it, probably only enough for one gown,” she went on, her voice muffled among the fabrics. “Here.” She pulled out a bolt of gold silk. With reverent hands, she draped the cloth against Elizabeth.

For a moment, no one said a word. The material shimmered, changing from dull to brilliant gold in the candlelight. It brought out the gold highlights in Elizabeth’s dark hair and reflected the splendor of her guinea-gold eyes. Mme. Vaussard nodded solemnly, St. Ryne leaned against the door frame, grinning, and Elizabeth breathed an awed “Yes!”

“You have sound instincts, my child,” Mme. Vaussard finally said to her assistant. Hannah glowed pink with pleasure. “Now, as to style,” Mme. Vaussard went on, “I think simple with just some gold embroidery and knots of love ribbons. We will dispense with the rouleaux or bouffants. For a headdress, may I suggest a toque—”

“No,” St. Ryne said, straightening. “Not a toque.” Elizabeth looked at St. Ryne in surprise. “But gentle women wear such hats.”

“We didn’t spend all this time choosing material just to have you look like every other blasted female at the ball and join the dowager set. I think an aigrette with some beads or flowers would be appropriate, not some enveloping toque.”

Mme. Vaussard shrugged. “It will do, and mayhap give you your own style. Now, milord, I really must ask you to leave. We are to measure her ladyship and get to work if you wish a gown to be made in two days! Sacre Bleu! What am I about in promising such things?” She shook her head dolefully while she shooed him through the curtain.

Elizabeth looked uncertainly at Mme. Vaussard. “Can you have this dress finished in two days?”

“It will be my pleasure, milady. But you must promise to come see me afterward and tell me all about this ball. Me, I think it will be the affair of the leetle season and keep tongues wagging until spring. Non?”

Elizabeth held out her arms and turned, obedient to the gentle nudges of the little dressmaker. “I hope so, Mme. Vaussard, I sincerely hope so.”





True to her word, Mme. Vaussard finished the ball gown in two days and had it delivered to St. Ryne’s town house the afternoon of the ball. It was with slightly trembling fingers that Elizabeth lifted it out of its nest of tissue and laid it upon the daybed in her dressing room. Her maid cooed with delight and babbled on about how her mistress would be the belle of the ball. Elizabeth scarcely heard her, her own thoughts drifting into dreams filled with anticipation. Absently she requested her maid to draw a bath and scent it with jasmine. The ball might be in her sister’s honor, but to Elizabeth it was her own debut as the Viscountess St. Ryne and the official burial of the Shrew of London.

Since coming to London, she and St. Ryne had become closer, sharing an easy camaraderie and sometimes exchanging touches that bordered on caresses. Their manner toward each other raised eyebrows when they went for a drive in the park or a walk in the metropolis, yet they assiduously refused invitations to parties or group jaunts, preferring each other’s company. Nevertheless, though virtually living in each other’s pocket, there remained a reserve between them, a formal courtesy that precluded more than a chaste kiss. It was as if each was afraid of the other, afraid their feelings would not be matched, and therefore they were denied.

Ruefully, Elizabeth saw this and recognized it for what it was. It was her fervent hope that while this ball was her debut as the Viscountess St. Ryne, it would also mark a new turn in their relationship. Many times at night she’d look across the wide empty bed in which she slept, wistfully desiring to become acquainted with the mysteries of marriage. Her mind conjured up the image of Justin as he stood in his bedchamber without a shirt, her hands remembered the rough texture of the hair on his chest, and a warm blush would suffuse her face.

Of late she had been confident he was not indifferent to her. His solicitude on the day of their shopping excursion, his insistence on the best materials, items, and workmanship, all bespoke a caring husband, but most of all, his manner in regard to her father still amazed her.

St. Ryne had known she would be skittish about seeing her parent again, and from what she had revealed in conversation, he knew she had just reason. He felt it advantageous for both to meet privately at least once prior to a public meeting at the ball, so he invited his father-in-law to visit.

Elizabeth, seated in the drawing room with her needlework and laughing over some quip of St. Ryne’s, was surprised when Predmore announced the Earl of Rasthough. Her beautiful golden eyes opened wide, a fine brow arching quizzically in her husband’s direction.

St. Ryne’s calm instructions to show him in were met almost immediately with the Earl’s presence for he had been standing nearly at Predmore’s elbow. Predmore, sniffing superiorly at what he considered a gross lack of manners, bowed his way out of the room, closing the double doors with a decided snap.

“Got your note,” Lord Monweithe said warily. He had heard Elizabeth laughing and found he could not remember hearing that sound before. He slid a look from the Viscount to her and back. She looked in fine fettle and nary a frown marred her brow.

“Please, sit down, Father,” she said smoothly, though as he crossed in front of her to take a chair, she exchanged a saucy glance with her husband. He assumed an air of innocence, forcing her to compress her lips in restraint. “How are things at Rasthough House?”

The Earl grunted. “It’s a madhouse, that’s what. Helene changes her mind ten times a day on the decorations, and that’s only when that fiancé of hers isn’t by. Together, they sit and spout lines of poetry at each other, and it’s enough to turn a man’s stomach. Your Aunt Romella’s no help, either. Daresay you haven’t heard yet, well, stands to reason you haven’t for they’re keeping it all quiet, but Romella’s going to marry Carlton Tretherford tomorrow morning by special license. Intends to hang on the coattails of Helene’s party for her own announcement, penny-pinching female.”

“Tretherford!” Elizabeth exclaimed.

“So she got him, did she? When I last left London, bets were being taken in the clubs with odds in her favor,” St. Ryne said.

Elizabeth laughed and shook her head in wonder. “You gentlemen will bet on anything.”

“Much more interesting than a card game,” he drawled, the light of humor in his eyes.

Lord Monweithe looked from one to the other in surprise. It did seem marriage was the making of Elizabeth. He never remembered seeing her look so good or be in such high spirits. He studied her covertly. She had the laughter and manner of his dear departed wife, to say nothing of her startling eyes. Gone was the pale sullen wraith of his memory. “So, how are you, Elizabeth?” he asked tentatively.

She turned her wide, golden eyes to him, her face carefully blank. The expression she saw on his face caused her to falter and relent, a soft smile curving her lips. “I’m fine.”

St. Ryne looked complacently from one to the other. “If you both will excuse me, I have some correspondence to finish which I have put off far too long. I will send Predmore in with some refreshments.” He rose from his chair, aware that two pairs of slightly frightened eyes were turned in his direction. He leaned over to plant a reassuring, feather-light kiss on Elizabeth’s brow then turned to leave the room.

Silence fell between father and daughter. “Fine fellow, your husband,” Lord Monweithe finally said into the void.

“Yes, yes, he is, isn’t he?”

Another silence fell, each looking about the room. A small frown descended over Elizabeth’s features.

“Don’t,” said the Earl.

“I beg your pardon?”

“Don’t frown like that. You have your mother’s beautiful smile. It lights your face just like it did your mother’s.”

“I—I thought you didn’t like it when I resembled Mother.”

The Earl grunted and shifted uneasily in his chair. “That was foolishness. Your mother was a fine woman, and I should have been proud at the resemblance instead of trying to deny it and shoving you away. You were such a taking little tyke, full of the devil and the angels, too.”

“You hated me!”

“No! Don’t say that, child! Please don’t.” He raked his hand through his thin gray hair. “I don’t rightly know how to explain myself. When I lost your mama, I was like a madman, lashing out at the world. I said some awful things, things in my heart I knew were wrong. It weren’t right to blame you for your mama’s death. I know that now, knew that anytime these last ten or twelve years.” He spread his hands deprecatingly. “When I came to my senses, it was too late. I’d hurt you badly and didn’t know how to undo what I’d done. I suppose Lady Romella didn’t help matters for she was always jealous of your mother and since you resembled her, it brought to her mind all the perceived inadequacies she felt compared to her. She’s a good woman in her own way.” His voice trailed off just before Predmore knocked on the door.

Elizabeth was silent, contemplating her father’s words as Predmore served them.

“Will there be anything else, my lady?”

“No, thank you, that will be all,” she returned softly, her eyes never leaving her father’s face.

Lord Monweithe took a sip of the sherry the butler handed him then set the glass down on a small table and rested his elbows on his knees, letting his folded hands dangle between his legs. “Look at me, child. I weren’t ever much of a catch, but your mother loved me, little though I deserved it, and I worshiped the ground she walked on. Can you find it in your heart to forgive an old codger like me just a little? I know it’s years too late, years that can’t ever be mended, but I’d like to try to be the parent you never had, and maybe, well, maybe be a doting grandfather,” he suggested tentatively.

Elizabeth blushed to the roots of her hair at his last comment. She would like to give him the opportunity to be that loving grandfather, if she and St. Ryne could ever stop circling each other. She possessed high hopes for the future of her marriage; it was only right she should set her past to rest if she wanted to have a chance for future happiness. She thought that was perhaps what St. Ryne was trying to do by arranging this meeting with her father and clumsily giving his excuses for leaving them alone.

Suddenly her eyes were watering though a broad smile shone on her face. She rose from the couch and crossed to her father, sliding down to the floor to sit by him. The old Earl looked questioningly at her. She grabbed one of his hands and raised it to her face.

“I’d like that, Papa. I’d like that so very, very much.”

“Papa,” he repeated wonderingly. “You haven’t called me that since you were such a little tyke.”

She looked up at him. “Hold me, Papa, please?”

He gathered her up in his arms. “Oh, Elizabeth,” he choked and soon there were tears on both of their cheeks.





Elizabeth’s eyes misted again at the memory of that interview. Suddenly she was filled with anticipation for the ball. She wanted to make her father proud of her and show the beau monde the Earl of Rasthough had an oldest daughter of whom he could be proud.

When her father finally left, she’d sought out Justin, her heart full of love. He knew, without her saying anything, what had occurred. He wanted to draw her into his arms and claim her for his wife in truth, but he held back. He felt she needed time to come to terms with her thoughts and feelings and he wanted her to turn to him for himself, not just because she was feeling happy with life for a change. He had decided, that day they were in Mme. Vaussard’s little shop, that the night of the ball, which he hoped to be a turning point in her life, he would claim his Bess as his own.





At last, though long, our jarring notes agree; And time it is, when raging war is done,

To smile at scrapes and perils overblown.

—Act V, Scene 1



The dinner party before the betrothal ball was purported to be of a select nature, yet by gazing upon the invited people filling the drawing room of Rasthough House awaiting the call to dinner, it bore a striking resemblance in size to one of Prinney’s famous Carlton House banquets. In truth, an invitation to the dinner had become a social necessity to any with pretensions of position and was regarded dearer than an admittance card to Almack’s.

Gentlemen, pressed by their wives and their pockets because of the side bets placed in the clubs on Lady Elizabeth’s comeuppance, jovially importuned the Earl of Rasthough for invitations. Widows flirted shamelessly with him to the same effect or turned to Lady Romella Wisgart, so sweet in their congratulations. Still others sought invitations from the betrothed couple with warm compliments and subtle, or not so subtle, hints that an invite would be welcomed.

Lady Helene Monweithe and her swain, the Honorable Frederick Shiperton, naively took it as their due. They were sadly mistaken, for society’s interest was grounded solely in their knowledge that the Shrew of London would be in attendance. Gossip concerning the new Viscountess St Ryne had risen to a fevered pitch since her return to the city. Those who had chanced to see her with her husband on the street or in the park rushed to others to speak of their observations and huddle together over tea or a glass of port to speculate on the exact meaning of their sighting.

It could not be said that the Viscount and Viscountess St Ryne were oblivious to the speculation they raised or that they had not expected it; however, when they entered the drawing room to join the party forming there, they were amazed at the scope of the interest in their actions and the contrivances of society to be present. They exchanged brief stunned glances before they pulled the blank masks they'd practiced so well on each other into place and entered the swarming mass of curiosity.

They, however, were not the only ones stunned. From that collective mass of bon ton there was a momentary sharp hiss of intake of breath, followed by an unnatural silence for a gathering of that size and scope. The universal surprise was not at seeing their prey, but in seeing their prey. The Viscountess St. Ryne was beautiful and almost unrecognizable save for the richness of her antique gold eyes and lustrous dark brown hair. Mme. Vaussard was truly either a witch or a fairy godmother, for the gown she conjured for her new client was gorgeous; it was designed to create the image of a living gold flame, a Phoenix risen from the ashes.

When sound returned to the room, it swelled, softly a first, then gathered momentum and volume until it crashed upon the St. Rynes, buffeting them like an ocean wave. Steadily they entered the sea of humanity, standing all smiling, and nodding to their acquaintances as if nothing untoward had occurred. St. Ryne spied Freddy leaning against the mantle and gently guided Elizabeth in that direction, the sea inexorably parting in their path. The humor of their situation percolated up through Elizabeth, her eyes bubbling with suppressed laughter while her lips thinned over her teeth and curved upward as she strained to contain her mirth. She did, however, retain her regal stature as she glided through the room on her husband’s arm.

With part of her mind Elizabeth conjured up a vision of herself attending such a party before she met Justin. Her eyes drifted to the right. She would most likely be standing there, by the windows and behind the chairs, her expression sullen, daunting and a trifle sad, her gown a ridiculously frilled white muslin creation, and her hair dressed in a tight coronet of braid. From there she would watch the dance of society, glaring at anyone who veered close to her, fearing they would speak and expect some answer in return. But that corner was empty; the imagined ghost of her past fading even as she thought of it.

She turned her face toward her husband, a radiant love shining from her eyes. He must love her, he had to, else how could she love him so much? He was treating her gently, too, like an exotic fragile flower. She had to find a way to show him she was not made of glass but was a flesh and blood woman with, she admitted to herself, flesh and blood passions. She would make him proud this day and then claim her prize by her good intentions for she bore a fierce desire to be the Viscountess St. Ryne in more than just name.

St. Ryne, feeling her luminous gaze upon him, cocked an eyebrow in teasing inquiry while he reached across to squeeze her hand resting on his other arm.

“Justin!” Freddy exclaimed, uncrossing his lanky legs and straightening up to offer St. Ryne a hand in greeting. He gave Elizabeth a perfunctory bow, wary of her despite the rumors in society as to her new docility, then turned back to St. Ryne. “What do you say to all this? Shocking squeeze, ain’t it? Haven’t seen the like since Princess Charlotte’s wedding, but she being royalty and all, that’s expected.”

St. Ryne gave a languid sweeping survey of the party before turning back to Freddy. “You are to be felicitated It appears you have kept half of London in town rather than decamping for the country for the remainder of the season for those intolerable holiday house parties.”

“Talk about shocking squeezes,” Elizabeth murmured slanting a glance in his direction through sweeping dark lashes.

“And sneezes,” St. Ryne responded adroitly, “spreading illness among one and all.”

She laughed softly, enjoying their easy bantering. “Don't forget ill will.”

He inclined his head toward the assemblage behind him “How could I?”

They grinned like children exchanging a secret code, smugly content that their minds were in harmony.

“What are you two nattering about?” Freddy asked looking from one to the other in confusion.

“Pardon, Freddy, a married folk habit,” St. Ryne explained.

“Well, leave done,” he said petulantly.

“What’s the matter, Freddy, feeling bereft? Where’s you lovely bride-to-be?”

“Off somewhere on her father’s arm. Say, what occurred at your town house yesterday? Monweithe’s been deuced silent since his return. Not morose, you know, just quiet."

Elizabeth blushed while St. Ryne laughed easily. “I guess you could say he learned the error of his ways.”

Freddy scratched the back of his neck above his high neck cloth. “Dash it, Justin. Seems like I only understand one word in ten you say these days.”

“I believe only a tenth of what anyone says is worth understanding,” Sir James Branstoke drawled softly, joining them.

“Well met, Branstoke,” St. Ryne said warmly.

“Yes, but I tell you straight out, I have come to pay my respects to the ravishing creature at your side.” He took Elizabeth’s hand in his and bestowed a kiss upon her fingertips. “My lady, you are a star to put stars to shame and I welcome the sight in this firmament.”

Her eyes danced with mischief. “Delightfully said, sir, but I admit to confusion, for I do not know what tenth of your words are worth understanding.”

“Hoisted on my own petard. Very good. St. Ryne, your wife possesses wit, beauty, and assurance. Beware, my friend, she is a woman to be reckoned with.”

“I ain’t as dashed eloquent as Branstoke, but I guess I’ll be happy now to call you sister, even though I lost a bit of blunt.”

“I beg your pardon?”

“Freddy!” St. Ryne exclaimed.

A pained expression briefly crossed Sir James Branstoke’s face before he hooked his arm in Freddy’s. “Come, Shiperton, I have yet to pay my respects to your bride-to-be, and as a fallen suitor, it is only proper, wouldn’t you agree? Be a good fellow and conduct me to her side.” Bowing and murmuring polite apologies, Branstoke led Freddy away.

“Justin, what did Freddy mean?”

“Some of the young bucks placed small bets as to our marriage ever taking place,” St. Ryne said off-handedly. “I guess I did not inspire Freddy with confidence.”

Mollified, Elizabeth let the subject drop, though part of her still worried over the idea for Tunning had said much the same thing. If Tunning knew of the bet or bets, could they be small and inconsequential'? And what of St. Ryne’s participation? She shivered slightly. How crass and demeaning to be the object of wager.

St. Ryne noticed his wife’s distracted manner. In light of the promise of intimacy between them, it would have been churlish to fail to remark her disquiet. A stab of remorse for the wild machinations of his wooing cut through him. A play was merely that, a distortion of reality for entertainment and edification. He had treated The Taming of the Shrew like a lady’s household management journal containing a new recipe when he should have known characters in a play were puppets for the playwright. Elizabeth was no puppet; she was a living, breathing, vibrant woman. He was thankful he had the opportunity to repair the damage he caused with his conceit.

He looked about the drawing room. It appeared all eyes were surreptitiously still upon them, and some guests were deciding to beard the lioness. He observed Lady Jersey quitting her circle of cohorts to make her way to their side. He did not think he was ready for Silence and her piercing questions. Adroitly he guided Elizabeth toward the door where her father stood.

“There you are, Elizabeth!” To the surprise of the assemblage, the Earl of Rasthough leaned toward his daughter to bestow a chaste kiss upon her cheek. His bluff heartiness alone was sufficient to raise eyebrows, the public kiss, not often condoned in the best of instances, moved witnesses again to silence. The Earl, grinning complacently, remained oblivious to the company’s reaction.

He tucked her arm in his and drew her close. “As Romella has gone and gotten herself leg-shackled today, I’d like you to be my hostess.”

A delicate pink of pleasure flooded Elizabeth’s cheeks “I’d be honored.”

“Sorry, St. Ryne,” Monweithe said, pointing a finger at St. Ryne’s stomach, “you’re to be sacrificed to the dowagers.”

“Such is the fate of the married man,” groaned St. Ryne theatrically. In truth, he did not care where he sat, for this was his wife’s night to shine. He was moved by his father-in-law’s gesture to make her his hostess. It was certain to go far in establishing her credit with society.

Elizabeth was about to twit her husband on his marital fate when the butler announced dinner. The words died on her lips though a mischievous twinkle lurked in her eyes as she allowed her father to conduct her to the dining room.

Dinner was a lively affair as far as formal dinners went. Discourse was loud and freewheeling as the company came to accept Elizabeth. Protocol notwithstanding, she found herself answering questions put to her by people other than those seated to the right and left of her. Even those known to be the highest sticklers were seen conversing volubly with others two or three removed from them.

When the last of the plates was removed, Elizabeth gracefully rose from her chair to lead the ladies back to the drawing room while the gentlemen enjoyed their port. To her surprise, her aunt walked with her.

“Lovely gown, my dear. You have carried yourself well this evening.”

Elizabeth’s lips twitched. “Thank you, Aunt Romella.”

“I always said you merely suffered from a deplorable want of management. It appears the Viscount is to be commended,” her aunt went on austerely.

“So kind,” Elizabeth murmured though her brows rose at Lady Romella’s effrontery.

“Nonsense. He has done a fine job with you. I trust I shall be equally successful with Carlton.”

“I wish you joy.” The words were nearly strangled in her throat. “Please excuse me now, Aunt. In my duty as hostess I must see to the other guests.”

It amazed Elizabeth to consider how she could have ever been hurt by Lady Romella Wisgart, or the Honorable Mrs. Tretherford, as she must now consider her. The woman was no more than a comedy and as such deserved pity. Elizabeth wished her well in her marriage and gave her credit for realizing she should contrive to ensnare a husband. With both Helene and herself married, her father would have no use for her, and she would most likely be given a small cottage somewhere with a small but adequate pension to add to her widow’s jointure and would thus be thrust out of society.

Nodding and smiling politely to those she passed, Elizabeth made her way to a sofa where a small group was aiding two old harridans in the disposal of their voluminous shawls and the positioning of fire screens. To her amusement she soon learned that the old considered themselves above the conventions of society. There was nothing mealy-mouthed about her two elderly guests for they lighted on her like hawks to their prey, asking questions and making observations that put those around them to blush. As little time as three weeks ago she would have flared white hot and retorted with some remark in kind. That evening she took their words with forbearance, for truthfully her mind was not on the guests or the party, but on the unspoken promise she had seen in St. Ryne’s eyes. She listened to the women with only half an ear to catch the verbal clues that warned her some remark or answer was expected, but blithely took no insult from their callous words.

All her life Elizabeth had felt apart from society, never sure of her existence within its framework. Now she felt beyond society, capable of laughing fondly at its foibles and loving it warts and all. That her new attitude stemmed from her love for her husband and her confidence in his love for her was inconsequential. She felt right with the world and glowed with an inner contentment.





The gentlemen remaining behind in the dining room were also wont to spare no bones with their comments. No sooner had the last skirt swished from sight and the doors closed following the ladies’ exit, than they felt free to loosen their tongues.

It was a circumstance St. Ryne grudgingly accepted in his mind but was uncertain as to his course. Casually he signaled for his glass to be refilled and leaned back in his chair.

“Amazing,” drawled one sprig of fashion, absently dropping the quizzing glass he held up to observe the ladies’ departure. Several gentlemen echoed his sentiments, emboldening him to preen and continue. “St. Ryne, I admit to myself I am nonplussed. Miracles do occur.”

“Ha! With that one, I vow it took more than a miracle unless miracles are engendered with the judicious use of a riding crop to a fair backside,” sneered another from the other end of the table.

“Now hold there!” blustered Monweithe, rising slightly out of his seat.

He was forestalled by St. Ryne. “It is you who need the riding crop for you have the manners and mind of a cur.” He pinned the offender with a malevolent eye. “No, do not think to call me out while I am in my father’s house. In truth, you are the knave who gives insult,” he said softly. His gaze swept the party. “Be it known, gentlemen, I do not countenance slurs cast upon my wife.”

Carlton Tretherford sniffed and scratched the side of his nose. “Perhaps it is not she who has been tamed. More likely her calmness stems from satisfaction at training you to run tame like a cursed lap dog.” He picked up a nut to crack.

“And I must perforce call you Uncle,” murmured St. Ryne, watching him contrive a child’s trick of cracking the nut between his fingers. “Gentlemen, can none of you accept the concept of wedded bliss?” he asked expansively, waving his wineglass before him.

“Confound it, Justin,” complained Freddy, “you’re doing it too brown. We ain’t gudgeons and we all know Lady Elizabeth.”

St. Ryne took a sip of wine then shook his head in mock sadness. “Freddy, I find your lack of confidence appalling.”

Sir James Branstoke leaned back in his chair, elbows resting on its arms as his hands contemplatively formed a steeple. “Do not be hasty. I believe there is unexposed truth to Freddy’s words,” he mused.

Tretherford harrumphed and bent forward, strands of lank gray hair falling onto his face. “Talking don’t pay toll. I propose a test. The Viscount here is cocksure the demon’s been driven out of the woman.”

“Tretherford, I warn you!” thundered Monweithe, only to be over born by the roaring enthusiasm of the others at the table and the multiple exhortations for Tretherford to continue. St. Ryne crossed his arms over his chest and a dark scowl descended over his features though he nodded continuance.

Tretherford sneered at Monweithe then turned back to encompass the gentlemen at the table. The footman and butler standing by the door strained to hear.

“I propose a test of the Viscountess’s new docility. A simple test. Have him bid her come here. For surely if she is a dutiful wife and properly tamed, she’ll come.” He looked about the company, a smirching smile on his lips as gentleman after gentleman voiced approval.

“All right, we are agreed. And to make it sporting, I wager one hundred pounds she will not come when sent for.”

A clamor of agreement rose from the others at the table despite St. Ryne’s scowl.

Freddy jumped up onto his chair, holding his glass high. “And I’ll bet the same that my sweet Helene comes. What do you say, Tretherford, willing to put your money where your mouth is, too?”

Tretherford surged to his feet, shaking his fist at Freddy. “I’ll have you know, you arrogant jackanapes, a lady such as my Romella always knows her place and just what’s expected of her, too. To be sure I make the same bet.”

“Well, what do you say, Justin?” Freddy asked, teetering on the chair.

“A hundred pounds?” St. Ryne queried in low-voiced disgust. “Is that all you gentlemen are willing to wager on your wives? I make such bets on my dogs or horses, but on my wife? Nay gentlemen, I’ll wager you one thousand pounds she comes!” Looking triumphantly into their stunned faces he raised his wineglass and drained it.

“Don’t worry, I’ll cover you, lad,” Lord Monweithe assured St. Ryne.

“I’ll stand in no need of assistance, sir.”

Freddy called for pen and paper to record the bets and the other side bets made by the company. Branstoke came to St. Ryne’s side, laying a hand upon his shoulder. “Your play is over. In God’s name, man, have done!”

At first St. Ryne failed to comprehend Branstoke’s words, then as their meaning filtered through, a dark red suffused his face. “I had not thought—”

“This was not planned?”

“No, I’ve vouchsafed the play anytime this past week.”

“Does she know of the play?”

“To my knowledge, she has not fallen to it yet, though she is a bright woman and one who could.”

Branstoke squeezed his shoulder. “I pray she stays in ignorance a while longer.”

“You think it would matter?”

Branstoke eyed him pityingly. “I know it would.”

“Ready, Justin,” Freddy called out gaily as he sanded the document he’d contrived.

“After you, gentlemen,” he said suavely.

“As you proposed the bet, Mr. Tretherford, I suggest it is only right you issue the first summons,” Branstoke suggested as he settled back in his seat.

“Done.” Tretherford turned to the door where the butler was stationed, hooking his thumbs in the small pockets of his waistcoat while throwing his shoulders back. “You, sir, bid my wife, the Honorable Mrs. Carlton Tretherford, to come here.” He turned back to the company, a smile on his face and a slight swagger in his step.

The butler returned swiftly. “Pardon, sir, but she says she is busy at the moment.”

A shout of laughter sealed Tretherford’s discomfiture. He flung himself into his chair, murmuring imprecations upon his new wife’s character.

“Now to you, Freddy.”

“Jovis, entreat my lovely bride-to-be to join me now.”

“Entreat, yet. Surely she will come,” St. Ryne teased.

“Entreated or not, more than I can say for yours,” snapped Tretherford.

Raucous laughter followed Tretherford’s denouncement with quips as evidence of ready wit traded among the gentlemen. It was several moments before anyone noticed the butler’s return.

“I’m sorry, sir, she will not come as she is repairing a torn flounce.—"

“A fair answer,” Freddy said.

“—but demands—”

“Demands? Oh worse and worse,” St. Ryne exclaimed. “My dear Freddy, how will you endure it? No matter, rest assured you will have things straightened by the nuptial event. Jovis! Tell my wife I desire her company.”

“I know her answer,” claimed one of the gentlemen from the end of the table.

“What?”

“Save your desires for the sheets, she will not come.”

Elizabeth observed the butler leaving the room for the second time. Why would he visit Aunt Romella and Helene? What did he want? Did someone send him?

“Excuse me, Lady Jersey,” she said, “I must speak with my sister a moment.”

“Yes, you do seem a bit preoccupied and no doubt find my chatter boring.”

Elizabeth swiveled round to face Lady Sally Jersey again, realizing she was on the verge of making a tremendous social gaff with one of the lights of society. “Oh, no, I beg your pardon, it’s just that—you see I must—” a garbled explanation fell from her lips.

“Oh, run along, my dear. My bark is often worse than my bite. I shall just go harass some of the matchmaking mamas who are here. I enjoy watching them maneuver to secure cards to Almack’s.”

Elizabeth laughed, thanked Lady Jersey, and sped to her sister’s side. “Helene, what did Jovis want?”

Helene was fingering a lace ruffle on her gown. “What? Oh, it was just some message from Freddy asking me to come to the dining room. Probably to receive a toast, but I just couldn’t go, what with this torn ruffle and for all times for it to occur.”

“Well, run upstairs and have it repaired before the rest of the guests arrive instead of standing there moaning about it.”

“I would expect you to say something heartless like that!”

Elizabeth sighed. “I’m not heartless, just practical. Excuse me, I must speak with Aunt Romella.”

Lady Helene pouted prettily at her sister’s retreating figure then swished her skirt back into place and headed for the stairs.

“Aunt Romella, excuse me, please,” Elizabeth said breaking into a conversation between her aunt and a prominent widow who it was known was on the make for another husband. Fleetingly it occurred to Elizabeth that her aunt wasn’t above lording it over the poor woman for her success. “What did Jovis want?”

“Really, Elizabeth, you’re no better than ever. Carlton merely requested my presence in the dining room. I of course declined, and mean to educate him on the impropriety of such a request.”

“Of course. Thank you.” She turned in time to see Jovis once again enter the drawing room. For some reason, she knew she was the object of his visit this time and so stood patiently waiting for him to approach.

Jovis cleared his throat. “Um-hum, my lady, your husband sent me to desire you to come to him in the dining room.”

She smiled pleasantly at him. “All right,” she said starting for the door.

“You’re coming?” All of the butler’s studied impassiveness failed him.

“Yes, why not?” she replied, though truthfully she wasn’t as calm as she portrayed. The gentlemen were playing some game, that was obvious. She intended to get to the bottom of the matter. She admitted to a lively sense of curiosity as to the root of this queer start but knew conjecture to be worthless.

The raucous noise emanating from the dining room could be heard in the hall. Elizabeth raised an eyebrow in question though she calmly waited for Jovis to open the dining room door. A sudden quiet descended upon the room.

“The Viscountess St. Ryne!” announced Jovis stentorianly.

Elizabeth, her head held high, the candlelight glowing on her like liquid gold, glided into the room. St. Ryne slowly rose from his chair, a mingled expression of disbelief, chagrin, and love all on his face. He slowly circled the table to her side.

The cry “A hit! A hit!” swept the room.

“You sent for me?” she asked softly, her heart touched by his expression.

“Yes, my love, and I thank you. I am unworthy of you or your care.” He raised her hand up, turned it gently over, and planted a kiss on her palm. A flurry of catcalls and whistles greeted his gesture, but Elizabeth was deaf to their sound. She curled her fingers into her palm as if to hold on to his kiss. He put his arm around her waist. “Gentlemen,” he said, turning to the table, “enough jests and tests. It is time we joined the ladies.”

With alacrity, Branstoke rose, encouraging the gentlemen to do so as well. “I think, St. Ryne,” he drawled, “we all could do much worse than to follow your lead. Gentlemen, the ladies await.”

Elizabeth allowed herself to be conducted from the dining room while maintaining a gracious manner. This attitude was severely tested as one after another of the gentlemen made their way to Justin’s side to clap him on the shoulder and offer congratulations along with sly winks and thinly veiled innuendos. Question after question leapt to her mind, all crowding forward to be asked but she held her tongue, smiling graciously at all. Imagined answers also came forward with painful clarity, answers she wished to ignore for if they were the truth, then her fragile happiness would shatter, it being born into her that perhaps her entire marriage stemmed from bets made over cards and cups for sport.

Valiantly she tried to deny her foreboding, her smile becoming brittle as she watched gentlemen approach knots of ladies, whisper in shell-like ears until their auditors turned to stare at her with snickers and swallowed laughter.

Slowly, like grains of sand in an hourglass, Elizabeth’s euphoric happiness eroded to be replaced by a gripping fear. She thought she had been on the verge of ultimate happiness; still, she was no longer the impetuous, ill-mannered young woman determined to strike a blow first before one could be leveled at her. She would not overreact. She would uncover the truth.

Somehow she made it gracefully through the interminable hour she stood by her sister and father in the receiving line before the ball. When she was excused, she fled to the refreshment table for a glass of punch and an opportunity to clear her head. Her temples throbbed slightly. She placed a cool hand on one side to massage away the pain. Her spirits rose as she saw St. Ryne leave a small contingent of his cronies to come to her side. She smiled wanly up at him.

“Bess!” he cried, taking her hands in his and leading her to an empty alcove. “Are you feeling all right? You look pale.” He searched her white strained features, concern evident in his eyes.

She settled onto the sofa with obvious relief. The mere thread of a laugh escaped her lips. “Too long standing, too many people, and stuffy air have all taken their toll on me. I shall recover directly,” she assured him, touched by his solicitude.

“May I get you anything?”

“I was intending to get something to drink. If you could—” she trailed off.

“Of course, my love.” He strode away with purposeful strides.

Freddy, standing at the edge of the dance floor while another lost suitor claimed a dance, wandered over to Elizabeth’s corner.

“Saw St. Ryne hurrying off. Nothing wrong is there, ma’am?”

She held out her hand. “Call me Elizabeth, please! It wouldn’t do for a brother to be too formal, would it?”

He laughed and, pushing the tails of his elegant coat back to avoid crushing them, sank down on the sofa beside her. “Stab me but you’ve got the right of it, and since I’m in the way of being a brother, you can tell me truthfully, did you and Justin plan that dining room coup?” He shook his head, chuckling. “If you did, I don’t begrudge the sum I dropped. Should have known Justin wouldn’t back a loser. Truth is, shouldn’t have doubted him that month and more past when the fellows all were bettin’ against the chances of any gent claiming you to clear the way for Helene. That Justin though, he’s something else. The only one who seemed to know what he was about was Branstoke, and he’s an odd nut to crack.”

“I trust you didn’t lose excessively,” Elizabeth said faintly, her mind in a whirl.

“Don’t worry, I won’t be visiting the gull gropers, but I’ll have to abstain on wagers till quarter day,” he said heartily. He frowned, suddenly serious. “About time I laid back from gambling. Going to be a married man now and can’t have my wife denied her little fripperies because I’ve gambled away the blunt, you know.”

“How commendable. Helene is truly to be felicitated at securing such a caring husband. But tell me, in what way was the little dining room bet proposed—only curiosity you understand.”

A puzzled expression captured his fair features. “Well, I don’t quite know what you’d call it except maybe in the manner of taming a shrew—sorry, you know, but you did ask. Say, you won’t take any offense, perhaps I shouldn’t have said—”

“No, no, Freddy, you did perfectly right. Oh, the dance has ended and I do believe I see Helene looking for you.”

“Really? Where? So sorry to rush off, really must go, she hates it if I wander too far, you know,” he said, laughing again.

Elizabeth was glad to be quit of him, for now her mind churned with the implications of what Freddy had so glibly let fell from his lips. So, the bets she feared were real and in the manner of taming a shrew. She shuddered. She knew she was referred to as the Shrew of London. But taming sounded so much like breaking a horse to bridle or—

Another instance in which that particular phrase was used came to mind, and she froze. No, it couldn’t be, she silently wailed. It was all there, however, clear for any to see. Had anyone? What a fool she had been! Her entire courtship, marriage, and now this blasted ball—nearly straight from Shakespeare’s famous play and she an unwitting player since he had come to ask for her hand and had turned everything she said to compliments. The wedding should have truly tipped his hand, what with his late arrival, slovenly dress, and refusal to stay for the wedding breakfast. She wondered how hard he had worked to find a suitable property, to say nothing of his behavior at the dressmakers when he’d vetoed the purchase of a cap such as married women wore.

Her eyes misted, and she fought the threat of tears with an angry shake of her head. What she saw as love in him was no doubt satisfaction at his accomplishment: a calm, dutiful and worshiping wife. Faugh! He had much to learn. Her heart was breaking; however, she was well used to disappointments in life and would weather this as well.

She looked up to see him approaching her, carrying two glasses of punch. Her lips twisted cynically; so he’d thought to tame a shrew, she mused, a hard metal glitter in her yellow eyes. She rose and swished the gold material of her skirt back, a tight smile turning up one corner of her mouth in the enigmatic manner of Mona Lisa. Two bright spots of color flared on her cheeks, and she raised her chin bravely.

“Here, my love,” he said handing her a punch glass, his attention on watching Freddy circle the room with Helene on his arm. He slowly turned his head back to her. “That was good of Freddy to keep you company while I—” he broke off, too late noting her expression to anticipate her actions. This time the punch hit him full in the face.

“Perhaps if I had been successful last time I would have been spared this marital farce!” she exclaimed shrilly, watching with satisfaction as the punch dripped down his suddenly implacable features to stain his neck cloth and waistcoat. “You have had your fun, Justin. Now you’ll rue the day you studied to be a shrew tamer and took a character in a play for your model.” She tossed her head grimly to fight the tears that threatened to overflow. Through the blur she saw him reach for her and murmur her name. She evaded his touch, her control held in place only by a silken thread.

She turned away from him to run from the ballroom, pushing aside those who did not move readily from her path. Dancers faltered in mid-step, and the orchestra screeched wrong notes then fell silent. A shocked hush filled the ballroom.

“Elizabeth, no!” shouted St. Ryne, then his head swung around to pin Freddy where he stood, his face black as thunder. Slowly he took a handkerchief from his pocket to mop his face, and then he stalked over to Freddy.

“What did you say to her?” he gritted.

“Easy, St. Ryne,” Sir James Branstoke murmured, coming up to lay a hand on his arm.

He shook the hand off, continuing to glare at Freddy. “Damn it, man, what did you say?”

Freddy gaped at him a moment before words could tumble out of his mouth. “Nothing! I—I mean we were just discussing bets.”

“What?!”

“She-she acted like she knew, commiserated with me on my losses and just asked what type bets they were.”

“And?”

“I—I said they were bets on taming the Shrew of London.”

St. Ryne clenched his fists to his side and closed his eyes briefly. “Oh, no,” he whispered.

“I warned you, St. Ryne,” reminded Branstoke. “What are you going to do?”

St. Ryne turned empty eyes on him. “Get down on my knees and beg forgiveness,” he said simply. His face was bleak as he crossed the ballroom. The guests, catching sight of his face, slid out of his way without a word. At the doorway Lord Monweithe stopped him. St. Ryne looked into the tortured expression of the other man and laid a hand upon his shoulder for some small measure of reassurance. “I know,” he murmured, “I love her, too.”

In the hall Jovis confirmed his fears. She had demanded her cloak and had fled without waiting for her carriage to be called. Grimly he set off after her, praying the cold weather kept those who would prey on the unwary off the streets. He remained alert, his eyes darting down alleys and streets, his ears sensitive to sounds of struggle, though his mind continually recited a litany of self-condemnation. It was with relief he saw his town house. The door opened before he could mount the steps and a white-faced Predmore stood in the lighted opening.

“Oh, my lord, I’m so relieved to see you. Her ladyship, she’s in a dreadful temper,” he said, hurriedly closing the door after he entered. “She near cuffed poor Willy here senseless when he reached to take her cloak.” He waved his hand toward the unfortunate footman who stood in the hall nursing a sore jaw. “Then she tore up the stairs shouting for her maid. They’re up there now, sir, and I don’t like to think how that little maid is faring for we’ve heard two crashes.”

“Fear not, she won’t hurt the maid. Her anger is well directed,” he said wryly. “I will talk to her.” He slowly mounted the stairs, his steps measured and apprehensive. From her room he heard sharp murmurings, rending of fabric, thumps, and small crashes. He winced, then tentatively raised his hand to knock on the door.

“Go away, I do not want anything,” came her voice sternly through the closed door

“Bess, I have to talk to you.” He inclined his head toward the door listening for her response.

“You! What happened, did I cause you to lose a bet, or are you upset I failed to know my lines?”

“Listen to me. It’s true, at first I was enacting Petruchio’s role and thought to treat you like Katharine. I studied the play carefully and even went so far as to make notes.”

“You have done a masterful work. I’m sure someone will commend you for it,” she ground out.

“My family had been importuning me for the past year to marry and fulfill my obligations yet all they would recommend for wives were meek little paragons while I desired a woman of personality. If I wanted a meek wife to mouth words of duty to her husband and would call him lord and master, I would have married one of the women my family put forth.”

“There would be no sport in that and no monetary gain save for a dowry,” she snapped back.

He sighed and ran a distracted hand through his hair. “I would have done it without the bets. Please let me in so I can explain and won’t have to stand here baring my soul to the entire household.”

“It will do you good, perhaps even give you a bit of character, if you’re lucky.”

“Bess!”

“No!” Her voice turned low and harsh. “I have played the fool and thought to grab a chance at love. Love, ha! A cat’s satisfaction at catching its prey. This prey is prey no longer, and I’ll see you the fool before I play jester for your cronies’ entertainment again.”

“Bess, I love you too. That’s the damnable thing about this entire mess. I love you to distraction and was hoping to show you this night the proof of my affections.”

“That you have done full well, thank you. I don’t need your kind of affection.”

“Bess, please!”

Inside the bedroom Elizabeth cringed at his call. He was such a good actor. He should have trod the boards. She had waited so long to hear him say he loved her that even now, even with the knowledge of his deceit, his manipulation, and falseness of his feelings, she was still moved by his words. The silken thread of her control snapped, allowing the tears she’d bottled inside her to flow. With a strangled sob she threw herself on her bed to muffle the sound as copious tears fell.

St. Ryne strained to hear her answer, wondering if that was a sob he heard. He banged on the door impatiently and shook the lock, yet the door remained closed to him. In disgust he flung himself away and stumbled back down the stairs to his library and a brandy bottle.

Ivy, Elizabeth’s little country maid, clucked her tongue and shook her head at the carryings on of gentry. She crossed to the bed to sit beside her mistress and stroke her head in comfort for when all was said and done, whatever be a person’s class, true suffering was the same.





Tis well, sir, that you hunted for yourself; Tis thought your deer does hold you at bay.

—Act V, Scene 1



Elizabeth woke well before the first rays of dawn touched London rooftops. The dull throbbing in her head from the night before had grown into searing pain, her eyes and chest uncomfortable from prolonged weeping. She rolled over listlessly in bed and looked about the dark room, her eyes dimly discerning the shadows of her rage. Fuzzily she ran her hand across her brow as if to pull her thoughts together.

She lurched sideways out of bed. She had made plans last evening, plans for this dark morning. She pressed the heels of her hands against her agonizing temples and sat down again on the edge of the bed.

A soft scratching at her door roused her.

“Mistress?” called a quiet voice, “be you awake?”

Elizabeth rose and hurried to the door. “Shush, yes I’m awake.” She unlocked the door to let her maid slip in with a tray of hot chocolate. “Well?” she asked.

“I doubt anyone be rising early today with all the hue and cry of last night. His lordship drunk himself into a stupor, he did, and had to be carried to bed. I saw the butler remove an empty spirits bottle and confide to Mr. Cranston it were brandy. Like as not he’ll have an awful head.”

“It couldn’t be any worse than mine,” Elizabeth said dully as she sat down on a small sofa by the fireplace.

“Can I fetch you some lavender water, my lady?”

“No, I doubt it would help.”

“Well here, drink your chocolate while I stoke the fire bright again,” soothed Ivy. “Are you still determined to return to Larchside today?”

Elizabeth watched the woman deftly rekindle the fire “Yes, and I’m not going to wait upon a carriage either. I intend to ride back with only a small portmanteau of necessities.”

She raised a hand to forestall Ivy’s objections “You will have to follow as best you can with the remainder of my things. I’m certain my husband will not stop you; however, if everything continues in disarray, it may be a few days before you are able to come.”

“I understand, my lady.”

“Help me get into my riding habit, then while I pack a few items, you run along to the stable and see if you can get a horse to be saddled for me.”

“Oh, that won’t be no problem, ma’am,” she said brightly, “seein’ as how Thomas is kinda sweet on me.”

Elizabeth laughed hollowly as her maid twitched the skirts into place and fastened the hooks. “Good, and keep it quiet. Though I do not think my husband will follow, I do not hold the same faith in his not trying to stop me.”

“Don’t you worrit, my lady, we’ll get you off right and tight.”





Patches of cold wet fog still clung to the road and laid low in the valleys as Elizabeth, followed faithfully by Thomas, rode toward Larchside. Despite her depressed spirits, she was amused by the young groom’s dogged insistance that he accompany her. She had even tried to order him to remain behind, but with an apology he refused. Her maid’s estimation of him climbed considerably and both were surprisingly voluble in their instance. They wore down her resistance finally by a blunt admission on Thomas’s part of reluctance to being available to answer questions when her absence was discovered and the reminder that there was no one now at Larchside who would see to her horse. He promised to be discreet and not trouble her with his company and so rode silently behind, leaving Elizabeth to her own thoughts.

In truth, her thoughts were as murky as the day; the weather, she mused, was much like it had been the first time she’d journeyed to the manor. She’d come last time bottled up with anger and fear for what was to be. Today she traveled with anger and fear for what was not. How ironic for her to come full circle and the property, once considered a prison, now represented a haven.

Her headache found relief in the cold morning air, and with that relief and the long miles to travel came an opportunity for objectivity. A nagging little belief that perhaps she’d been too hasty in her anger wormed its way into her thoughts. Justin freely admitted his guilt in the past. His explanation, though not terribly flattering, did ring true.

And he had not strived to wrap up his actions in clean linen, to make them flattering to her ears. In all, he talked as though his guilty actions were a distinct part of the past and that at some time he had suffered an attitude change. Of course, suffered might be precisely the correct word, and he regretted any softness he might have begun to exhibit and thus felt no compunction in setting her up once again for the entertainment of society. Still, though he displayed some of the blind arrogance of the privileged, when his errors were presented to him, he did not retreat into stubborn denial as so many were wont to do.

Regardless, there remained the matter of the last wager. If he had regretted his previous behavior, would he have engaged in such a heartless bit of foolery? Her spirits sank again for she could not believe the sincerity of his remorse if he continued to treat her like a stage character and an object for sport.

The worst of it all was she could not tear her love felt for him from her heart. Nonetheless, she would not again allow him to get close enough to harm her. If she were lucky, he might divorce her or at least allow her to live her life alone. She sighed audibly and her mare’s ears twitched at the sound. She smiled and leaned forward to pat her neck. “We’ll be home soon, and though you won’t be quartered in the best stable, it will be dry and provide a full measure of oats.”

The animal’s ears flicked again in response to the sound of her voice as they turned down the lane before Larchside.

Elizabeth viewed the manor with satisfaction as she slipped from her horse’s back and handed Thomas the reins. The morning sun was burning off the gray fog while a light autumn wind chased clouds away revealing a warm, welcoming building instead of the foreboding edifice she had faced on her wedding day. She smiled, albeit sadly, and vowed she would make her own form of happiness here.

“After you’ve seen to the horses, please slip over to the Humphries’ and ask Mrs. Geddy if she would be so good as to return to her duties. I’m famished and I’m sure you must be as well, though not, I warrant, hungry enough to stomach Mrs. Atheridge’s fare!”

Thomas chuckled. “Nay, my lady. Don’t worrit, if I know Mrs. Geddy, she’ll nip o’er immediately and cluck and fuss ’cause she weren’t here before you.”

“Yes, that’s most likely true. Now the question is if I can rouse the Atheridges to let me in.”

But even as she spoke the front door to Larchside flew open and Mary Geddy, wrapped up voluminously in cloak and shawls, ran down the steps.

“Oh, milady, milady! It’s reet glad I am to see you. The most dreadful thing has occurred, and I think he done it deliberately and I’m mortal scared,” wailed Mrs. Geddy, grabbing Elizabeth’s hands and wringing them between her own.

“What is it, Mary? Who did what?”

“Mr. Tunning, milady, he’s gone for the magistrate. He says it’s deportation for Gerry and maybe all o’ us, too.” Mary’s words came out in a rush, her color high and her spry little body trembling.

“Deportation? For what?” Shock and concern in Elizabeth’s face gave way to incredulity. Thomas stood rooted in his spot, the reins of their horses held loosely in his hands as he listened, his eyes fairly bugging out of his narrow face.

“Poaching. He says he caught Gerry removing a rabbit from a trap in the woods, but milady, Gerry wouldn’t hurt no animal, he loves’em.”

“That’s certain true, everyone around knows that,” put in Thomas.

Mary threw Thomas a look of thanks and continued: “No one weren’t more surprised than my Gerry to find the poor creature in the trap and he were freeing it, it being caught by only one leg.”

“I see,” said Elizabeth. “When did this all occur?”

“Early this morning.”

“He often goes out early to see the animals,” Thomas said.

“And is this generally known also?”

Thomas looked uncertain. “I think so, my lady. I mean he’s done it since we were young and sometimes he’d drag one or another of the lads with him if he knew a mother with her young were bound to be out feeding.”

Mary nodded vigorously.

“Hmm,” Elizabeth mused thoughtfully. “Where is Gerry now?”

“Why, here milady. Mr. Tunning has him locked up in my pantry, he does, and is scurrying off to fetch the magistrate. I was just talkin’ to him through the door when you rode up. Can you help him?”

“Definitely. Now don’t worry. Tom Tunning will not have anyone deported while I’m here.” She squeezed Mary’s hands reassuringly. “Thomas, take the horses to the stable and see to them, then step up to the house. I know this is all very traumatic for Mrs. Geddy, but not so traumatic she can’t fix us all a nice breakfast, I’ll wager.”

“Oh, milady, you know I would if I could, but the pantry’s locked—”

Elizabeth laughed. “Don’t forget, I am mistress of this manor and have a nice size ring of keys, and besides, I’m sure that grandson of yours is hungry, too. We’ll all have a nice breakfast and await Mr. Tunning's return.”

“Yes, ma’am,” cried Thomas delightedly before he turned, leading the horses at a jog to the stables.

Tears welled up in Mary’s eyes. “Oh, thank you, milady, thank you.”

Elizabeth put her arm reassuringly around Mary Geddy’s shoulders and led her into the house.

When Mr. Tunning returned an hour later with the local magistrate, it was a jolly party he found in the kitchen for Elizabeth, shelving her own troubles, endeavored to raise the spirits of her people with tales of London sights and eccentricities. She presided over the breakfast party with grace and humor, setting at ease Mary and her grandson. At first they were all frigidly formal with her, Mary scandalized that Elizabeth should choose to eat with them. When they relaxed and accepted her company, they were a merry group and laughter rang through the kitchen.

The Atheridges vehemently protested Gerry’s release from the pantry and attempted to cow their fellow servants; however, Elizabeth summarily dismissed them from the room with warnings they’d be ill-advised to continue their rhetoric unless they wished to find themselves dismissed from Larchside entirely.

Though the kitchen party congratulated Elizabeth on routing the Atheridges, it did put her to mind of the biggest obstacle remaining to her discovering happiness at Larchside, to wit, Tom Tunning. He had been a thorn in her side since they’d met. It was clear he viewed her as a nuisance rather than a threat to his position, and it galled her to admit she did not have the power to be a threat. It was obvious he knew she was the butt for society’s entertainment and as such, a nonentity, or worse, free game, Tunning, she realized with a heavy heart, was a matter she would have to take up with Justin, particularly in light of his current activities.

It was clear to Elizabeth that Gerry was being framed for poaching. The question was by whom? Her obvious candidate was Tunning, for he had contrived the past month to rid Larchside of his family’s presence. In fairness, she knew she could not accuse without evidence. She was still puzzling her course of action when Tunning and the magistrate, followed by the smug Atheridges, stepped through the kitchen door.

“What is going on in here?” he roared. He strode over to Gerry, hauling him from his seat by the collar of his shirt. He shook him like a rag doll. “Why is this miserable poacher sitting here? He should be locked up!”

“Get your hands off of him,” Elizabeth ordered, rapping him smartly on the arm with a long-handled wooden spoon.

Startled, Tunning fell back. “What are you doing here?”

“Eating breakfast,” she snapped, “though it’s hardly any concern of yours.” She rose from the table, gracefully extending her hand toward the magistrate. “I am the Viscountess St. Ryne, and you are—?” she trailed off while smiling with just the correct degree of civility.

“William Pfoffler, my lady, the magistrate of this county.”

“I understand we have weighty issues to discuss.”

Mr. Pfoffler inhaled deeply. “So Mr. Tunning led me to believe.”

She nodded her understanding. “Let us adjourn to the library. I believe it is a much more fitting background to discuss this matter.”

“There’s nothing to discuss!” Tunning blustered. “I caught this lad red-handed. He needs to be clapped in irons.”

Elizabeth pursed her lips and frowned. “Mr. Tunning,” she said warningly.

“If her ladyship wishes to discuss the ramifications of this offense, we shall, of course, do so,” placated Mr. Pfoffler.

“Thank you. Thomas, you may return to the stables for now.” He touched his forelock and scrambled out of his seat.

“Your arm?” she requested the magistrate.

Smiling benignly at her, he extended his arm and led her out of the room followed by a scowling Tunning and the rest.

In the library Elizabeth sat behind her desk, ordered Atheridge to lay a fire, and encouraged Mary to one of the seats near it. Atheridge began to object but was forestalled by the quelling look on the Viscountess’s face. He and his wife moved to stand by the door only to be summarily dismissed from the room. Though Tunning glowered, the magistrate nodded approval forcing the estate agent to hold his tongue.

“Now, what exactly is the nature of the charges?” Elizabeth asked the magistrate.

“Poaching, and it’s a serious crime, my lady. Just this year the government made it punishable by deportation to Australia.”

“Should still be a hanging offense,” muttered Tunning.

Elizabeth pointedly ignored him. “I would like to know the circumstances which prompted this charge.”

“Mr. Tunning claims he caught young Gerry Humphries here with a snare in one hand and a rabbit in the other.”

“I see. And when did this occur, Mr. Tunning?”

“At dawn.”

“You were up early. Why?”

“My actions aren’t in question; it’s this dog you should be asking.”

“You are being unaccountably difficult, Mr. Tunning. All right, maybe you’ll answer me this: did you see Gerry set the trap?”

“Well, no, I don’t know when he did that. Probably the night before when I was busy with the accounts.”

“So how can you say for certain he set the trap?”

“Makes no matter, he must a known it was there.”

“Why? Isn’t it possible he could have stumbled upon it?”

“Impossible, not in that part of the woods.”

“But you were there, too. If he hadn’t found it first, might not you have? And if you had freed the rabbit and someone saw you, should they call you poacher?”

’‘You’re forgetting one thing. There’s the matter of the poacher’s bag lying not far from the trap.”

“Poacher’s bag?” Elizabeth looked quizzically at Gerry who shrugged his bewilderment.

“Yes, ma’am. Mr. Tunning took me to the scene of the crime this morning before we came here, and I found it under a bush with two traps and another rabbit.”

“Found this morning, you say, after Gerry was locked in my pantry?”

“Yes, just before we came here.”

She looked at Tunning and nodded thoughtfully. “Clever. You were certainly thorough when you constructed this crime. What puzzles me is why you are afraid of the Humphries.”

“What!” roared Tunning.

“You see, Mr. Pfoffler,” said Elizabeth, ignoring Tunning, “Gerry is well known in the neighborhood as an animal lover who often goes out early to view the animals in the woods. He would be the last person to set snares to capture rabbits. Someone who knew of his habit could easily frame him for poaching. It strikes me odd that Mr. Tunning should be about so early in the morning and just so happen to be in the proper location to view Gerry with snare and rabbit in hand, particularly when one knows Mr. Tunning has been encouraging the Viscount to turn the Humphries out of the Home farm. He claims they are a bad lot yet, inexplicably, the Home farm is in the best condition. I contend our estate agent has manufactured this incident as a means to destroy the Humphries.”

“My lady, that’s a serious accusation.”

“You Jade,” growled Tunning.

“Mr. Tunning, please!”

“Oh, his lordship has his hands full with this one, he does. Do you know, sir, what society calls her? The Shrew of London, I can see you’ve heard the title. It was bestowed on her for being the most unmanageable and contrary female. The Viscount deserves our sympathy. She will do whatever runs against his lordship’s best interests. He even gave me explicit orders when he was away to have charge of all monies. She wasn’t to have a farthing, that’s how much he don’t trust her.”

“That will be enough, Mr. Tunning,” ordered St. Ryne coldly.

All eyes turned in shocked surprise at the sound of his voice. He stood by the library door, his arms folded across his chest, his dark eyebrows furrowed to a straight bar above his eyes.

“Justin!” exclaimed Elizabeth.

His face softened slightly when he looked at her. “Poor Bess. Did you truly think I wouldn’t care if you left?”

“I—I—” she began in confusion.

“Later, my love. Thomas apprised me of the problem when I arrived.” He turned to Pfoffler. “You must be the magistrate.”

“Yes, the name’s Pfoffler, William Pfoffler.”

“Thank you for coming to investigate this sorry situation. It would not do at all for a miscarriage of justice to occur from undue haste.”

“Yes, yes, quite right, my lord.”

“Then I’m sure you’ll understand when I suggest you allow me to investigate the charges before we haul young Gerry here off to prison to stand trial. I’m sure later today or tomorrow will be just as timely.”

“In—investigate!” sputtered Tunning. “My lord, I don’t know what that groom told you, but I caught him with the goods in hand! There isn’t anything to investigate.”

St. Ryne eyed him coldly. “You seem overly anxious to prosecute, Mr. Tunning. May I remind you that the property from which he allegedly poached was mine, and on my property I decide if the law has been broken or not.”

“Of course, my lord, but I tell you—”

“Enough! We will discuss it later.” He turned back to the magistrate. “Now, sir, as we were discussing, I’d like a little time.”

“That’s all well and good, my lord, but what do we do with this miscreant? We can’t let him go, he may run off, and then where would I be? No, no, my lord, can’t have that. It would look bad in the county.”

St. Ryne smiled congenially. “You’re a shrewd magistrate. I can see we are lucky in your services. Why don’t you take him into temporary custody then. Yes, just the ticket, and, of course, anyone in temporary custody is well fed and cared for, to say nothing of dispensing with shackles.”

Mr. Pfoffler scratched his head. “I suppose I could do that-”

St. Ryne drew the magistrate aside to whisper in his ear. “Between us, Mr. Pfoffler, I would appreciate it. I will admit I was in my cups last night and this morning have a devil of a head. I plead time to recover before I can think property.”

Mr. Pfoffler laughed heartily and clapped St. Ryne on the back. “In that case, I’m happy to oblige. It’s nice to see we have people who care to see justice properly executed. Under the circumstances a little time will be all right.” He leaned closer to the Viscount. “I tell you, my lord, it’s not a pretty coil, and I’m obliged in your interest. In truth, I don’t know who to believe.” He crossed to Gerry standing by his grandmother. “Come along, Humphries.”

Mary grabbed Gerry’s hand to hold him to her. “Oh, no, please,” she pleaded, looking from the magistrate to the Viscount.

Embarrassed, the magistrate gruffly cleared his throat. “Here, here, now. None of that.”

Mary dropped her grandson’s hand and fled to the Viscount’s side, dropping down on her knees before him. “Please, milord, please don’t let him take my Gerry.”

St. Ryne pulled her to her feet. “It’s all right, Mrs. Geddy. The magistrate will take good care of Gerry. I do not mean to seem unfeeling; we just need time to sort everything out. Now run along to the kitchen and see if you can get me some coffee. I would like to begin to sort through the situation.”

Mary looked anxiously at Elizabeth who, after casting a speculative glance at her husband, nodded her reassurance.

Mary murmured acquiescence and thanks then bobbed a little curtsy before dejectedly leaving for the kitchen. The magistrate and Gerry followed behind her.

When the door closed on them, Tunning harrumphed and turned to St. Ryne. “You had me worried there for a while, my lord. I thought you might be too soft, listening to those women. Now I see the right of it though. Clever to get the magistrate to take Humphries away as he did, got that Geddy witch out of here right enough. Don’t worry about her in the future; I’ll see she doesn’t bother you again.”

“Mr. Tunning,” began St. Ryne.

“How dare you,” seethed Elizabeth interrupting him. Her fingers curled around the inkstand on the desk, her knuckles white. “Before you harm anyone in that family, I’ll see you in Hell!”

She picked up the inkstand to hurl at him.

“No, Bess!” St. Ryne yelled, rushing to wrest it from her grasp.

He turned to the estate agent. “I have had enough of you. For too long I’ve put up with your sly behavior and your unwarranted maligning of people thinking to uncover the problem. No longer will I do so. You’re fired! Clear your things out of the estate manager’s cottage and get off our property.”

Tunning’s face became mottled with rage. “You’ll regret this!” he stormed, clenching and unclenching his fists. “It’s your entire fault, you hell-spawned Jade!” he snarled, lunging for Elizabeth.

She screamed. St. Ryne grabbed Tunning by his coat, swung him around, and slammed his fist into his jaw. Tunning fell heavily. St. Ryne stood over him; his feet planted firmly apart, his hands still balled into fists. His breathing was ragged, the only sign of the violence he held in check.

“Consider yourself lucky to get away with your life. Now get out, and I don’t ever want to see your worthless carcass again.”

Tunning scrambled out of his reach and got up, glaring daggers at Elizabeth. He yanked open the library door revealing Atheridge standing there, his right hand raised to knock, his other holding a tray with coffee and rolls.

“Oh, Mr. Tunning,” began the startled Atheridge.

“Get out of my way,” snarled Tunning, shouldering him aside and almost upsetting the tray.

“What?” Atheridge uttered, glancing from the raging Tunning to St. Ryne’s implacable visage.

“Mr. Tunning is just leaving. He will not be back,” informed St. Ryne coldly.

Atheridge’s eyes became as big as saucers in his pinched face. He nodded once in deference to the Viscount then scurried to lay out the coffee. The Viscount and Viscountess stood immobile until he had completed his task and fled the room.

St. Ryne’s shoulders slumped and he ran a tired hand around to the back of his neck to ease tight muscles.

“Thank you, Justin,” Elizabeth said softly.

“For what? Did you think I could possibly stand there and let that idiot harm you? Oh, Bess, Bess,” he sighed, “what a low opinion you must truly have of me.”

“I believe I have just cause.”

“Yes, I know you believe that and I don’t know what to do to convince you otherwise.”

He was not up to dealing with justifications and recriminations. When he had found she’d left London, he’d been like a madman and like as not more shrewish than Elizabeth had ever been in her life. His only peace of mind came from the knowledge that Thomas had accompanied her despite her protests. He must remember to reward the young man for his diligence. For now, he would deal with the tumult he discovered on arriving at Larchside; time later to broach their estrangement.

“What is your summation of this poaching charge?” he asked tiredly, easing down into one of the wing chairs, his legs splayed out casually before him.

She came around the desk to pour coffee for the two of them. “I believe Tunning framed Gerry.”

“Why would he have cause to do that? For that matter, what is it Tunning's been up to anyway?”

She compressed her lips, shaking her head in bewilderment. “I don’t really know, at least with any certainty; however, I believe he was collecting some type of blood money from the tenants around here and collecting fees from the merchants and trades people who had business with the estate.”

“I can understand the payoffs from those who buy from or sell to the estate, but could he have gotten such control over the tenants?”

“I don’t know, but what I do think is that Humphries was not one of those from whom he was able to collect.”

St. Ryne shifted straighter in his chair, shaking his head dolefully. “It’s a bad business, Bess.”

“Yes, and nearly impossible to prove unless one of his victims comes forward, and then it’s his word against theirs.”

St. Ryne was silent a moment, then: “Do you think the Atheridges were in on it with him?”

“I’ve wondered, but they could just as easily have been among his victims or merely sycophantic for their own protection.”

He grunted in agreement.

“But what about Gerry, Justin?”

He stretched. “I think it would be best if he were left in Mr. Pfoffler’s care until tomorrow. I know Mrs. Geddy won’t like it, but I don’t trust Tunning not to plan some sort of revenge action, and Gerry would be a likely target since indirectly he caused Tunning's downfall.”

“You may be right.”

“And what about us?” he asked, then cursed his wretched tongue. It was too soon. He saw her stiffen, the liquid light in her eyes hardening to gold metal. Inwardly he moaned her name as she visibly retreated into herself.

“There is no us, just the shell of a comic play that’s over.”

“Please, Bess, don’t do this.’’

She blinked at him. “It’s done.”

“No!” he implored, but she turned her head away from him to take another cup of coffee. He could see that she intended to ignore his presence.

A slow anger flared within him, feeding upon itself as it grew. He surged out of his chair to stand over her. She studiously kept her eyes averted.

“You are a hypocrite, my love, you who claim to hate plays, for you are playing now and with your willful play are throwing away our chance for happiness. Go on, punish me, I admit I deserve it, but as you do so, admit you are also punishing yourself. Please forgive me if I quit your presence and return to London. I see no gain in remaining to be continually flogged by your wretched pride!” He turned on his heel, his face a study of anger and misery, and rapidly quitted the room.

Elizabeth looked up as he left, part of her not really believing he would. She rose from her chair and started for the door, her hand outstretched. Then she heard him open the front door and shout for Thomas to saddle his horse, and her hand fell to her side. With heavy steps she walked to the window and watched him mount then gallop down the drive as if all the dogs of hell were nipping at his heels. Her mouth silently formed the words “I’m sorry,” but there was no one to hear.





The fouler fortune mine, and there an end.

—Act V, Scene 1



“Tunning! What are you doing here?” Atheridge softy screeched, looking about nervously. He hated these woods at night when every shadow held imagined menace and terror. He wrapped his arms around himself as much to ward off fear as cold.

“I’ve come to settle a score with that trollop,” Tunning ground out, his dark presence looming like some monster of the night.

“The Viscountess?”

“Yes.”

“No, no, Tunning, I can’t let you do that!” Atheridge backed away.

Tunning grabbed him by his coat lapels and hauled Atheridge’s face within inches of his own. “Listen, you maw worm, you’ll help me or St. Ryne will know you were active in bilking the servants of wages and taking payments from merchants for buying shoddy wares at premium prices.”

“But that was you,” protested the quaking butler.

“Yes, with you turning a blind eye at first then taking your own cut. You want the fine Viscount to know that? I have a ledger that details it all, and if it were to come into his hands...” he trailed off, dropping his hands from Atheridge’s coat.

“No! No,” he faltered weakly. “What is it you want?” His shoulders drooped.

Tunning laughed crudely. “You’re going to help me kidnap her. I’ll make that hoyden whimper while I await a handsome ransom from her husband. Who knows, he may consider himself well rid of her, and then I’ll just have her for my own bit of fun. Either way, she’ll pay for her disrespect towards ol’ Tom Tunning.”

Atheridge licked his lips nervously. “W—When are you going to do this?”

“Tonight. You’ll leave the front entrance open and signal an hour after everyone’s abed by waving a lit taper from the gallery windows.”

“And that’s all?”

“You will of course help me tie up our dear Viscountess and carry her out. I’ll have a carriage waiting. That is unless you would like to have a turn with her, too,” Tunning suggested, leering.

Atheridge shuddered.

“I thought not,” he said with another laugh, “but you’ll be missing a prime bit of fun. I’m looking forward to riding that one and taming her to my bridle.”

“Where will you take her?” Atheridge asked timorously.

“The old Havelock Manor.”

“I thought that was gutted by fire.”

“The west wing’s still intact and has its own entrance.”

Atheridge nodded in understanding. Suddenly an owl hooted from somewhere deep in the woods, and he jerked spasmodically. “I must get back before I’m missed.” His words came out in a rush, his eyes darting.

“Yes, do that,” drawled Tunning, amused at his cohort’s apprehension. “But remember, one hour after all is quiet or the ledger goes to St. Ryne.”

“Yes, yes, I’ll remember,” he vowed, casting one last fearful glance around before scurrying back toward the lights of Larchside.





“Oh, mistress, the Lunnon staff were all at sixes and sevens this morning, running around, tripping over each other to get out of my lord’s way. And he, my, he was bellowing like a stuck pig, then holding his head in his hands.” Ivy lifted a dress out of the trunk and shook it out, clucking her tongue at its wrinkled condition before hanging it in the wardrobe.

“Mr. Cranston,” she continued, turning back to the trunk, “he tried to lay a cool cloth on his head, but he wouldn’t have none of it and fair knocked Mr. Cranston senseless. It were all truly comical.”

She scratched her head through her mobcap a moment and sobered. “You know, it occurred to me, and please don’t get angry, because people is people, rich or poor, anyway, it did seem to me that his lordship was truly aggrieved to find you’d gone and very worrit, too.” Ivy placed her hands on her hips and sternly eyed Elizabeth sitting on the daybed indulging in a fit of sullens. “Fact is, he seemed like a man with a broken heart, he did.”

“Ha!” Elizabeth bit out. “The only thing broken was his head.”

Her maid went back to work, her voice airy. “Kept mumbling on, saying things like, ‘oh, my love, where are you?’ and ‘love, forgive me.’ ”

“I’m sure his word stemmed merely from habit.”

“Strange habit for a man to develop, I say, unless he meant it. Most men find the words just sticks in their gullet and most nearly needs to be pried out.”

Elizabeth laughed mirthlessly. “His is a glib and well-oiled tongue.”

Her maid shrugged. “He weren’t too happy with me for not telling him you’d up and left, but he were relieved to find Thomas accompanied you, saying at least someone in his household showed sense.” She shook out another dress.

“You know, beggin’ your pardon, my lady, but I think you’re being just a mite too hard on his lordship. Oh, I’m not saying he didn’t do wrong, he did you mortal wrong. It’s just that that’s the way of men. They gets a bee in their bonnet like and hangs on to it for no reason. And truthfully, ma’am, they’re all like babes and need to be led by us and just as tykes do mischief and need punishing, they also need forgiveness or the misdeeds just get worse.”

Elizabeth lifted her head, carefully regarding her maid. “What did you just say?”

“About what, ma’am?”

“That last bit, about children doing mischief,” she said impatiently.

Ivy looked bewildered. “I just said as how children that’s been bad need love as much as punishing.”

“Yes, or the misdeeds just get worse,” Elizabeth finished for her, trailing off. She closed her eyes, remembering her own childhood with her struggles for love, how she’d turned to misdeeds and adopted a vinegary tongue to try to gain some form of attention. Were she and St. Ryne doomed to repeat the errors of her youth? No! They were a grown man and woman with the intelligence to rise above such pettiness, they had to be.

“Ivy!” she cried, bounding off the bed to hug her maid. “Repack everything. We’re returning to London tomorrow!”

“Oh, my lady, are you sure? Yes, yes, at once!” the little maid happily exclaimed. She didn’t rightly know what she said to turn about her mistress’s expression, but happy she was to see it. “And afterwards, I’ll tell Thomas to have the carriage ready first thing.”

Elizabeth laughed. “Good, but don’t tarry too long, for you’ll have to be up be’times in the morning.”

“My lady, as if I would!” Ivy disclaimed, though she blushed furiously.





Elizabeth lay on her bed, nestled among soft pillows, her eyes open, though staring unseeing at the gray and black forms and shadows of the room in the night. Idly her left hand stretched out across the expanse of empty bed next to her and a small smile curved her lips. Her eyes drifted shut, imagining, as she had in the past, the wonders to be learned from sharing the bed with her husband. The difference now was her intention, for she vowed to herself she’d be the Viscountess St. Ryne in more than name even if she had to seduce Justin. A blush, lost in the dark yet warming her skin, crept up her neck and cheeks.

Tomorrow she would return to London to forgive and cry quit to the comedy they played, and perhaps to ask for a drama instead, a drama of their making together without secrets and subplots. She would not repeat the errors of her childhood nor willingly throw away a chance for happiness, no matter how tenuous the chance. How many chances was a person given in life? Too few, to judge by those she saw in society. If she turned her back on St. Ryne in pique, then she was no better than those she would disdain. Worse, she could be called a fool for only the fool denied the heart for hollow pride. It was cold comfort, not a warm bedfellow.

Sighing, she pulled the covers higher then turned on her side, curling to hold in the heat of her body. Her mind clear, her plans made, she drifted to sleep while a small smile hovered on her lips.

An odd, high-pitched creaking woke her. In the night stillness it raked her nerves. She listened, noting that it bore an almost measured cadence.

Puzzled, she rose from her bed and shrugged on a wrapper, pulling it close about her, then slipped on thin slippers. She rounded the bed, stopping again to listen. It was getting louder, and with it could be heard a faint clump; then whispering, indistinct and rapidly hushed. Someone was creeping through the manor.

Elizabeth’s hands reflexively clenched in anger. The Atheridges, she thought with disgust. No telling what manner of mischief they could be about. She grabbed a candlestick from the bedside table, taking it over to light by the fireplace, and then glided to the door. The furtive sounds were getting louder, like they were nearly outside. She yanked open the door.

“Atheridge!” she scolded, spotting his spindly frame by the light of her wildly wavering taper. “What are you doing about?”

He gaped at her then stuttered soundlessly, looking back over his shoulder.

A hulking black shadow, like a feral animal, separated itself from the shadows by the wall to come toward her and the circle of light she held.

“You.” The single word pushed past her lips on an expelled breath. “What do you want? What are you doing here?” Her words were high, strident—and superfluous, for with gut wrenching clarity, she knew why he was here. Her eyes opened wide with knowledge. She turned to flee.

He lunged, knocking her to the ground, the candle spinning out of her grasp, its light dying, plunging them into darkness. But not before she saw his leer, a demon with revenge reflected in his eyes. She twisted wildly under his weight, her nails seeking skin to gouge. A scream died in her throat and she choked and gagged when he stuffed a handkerchief into her open mouth.

She bucked, thrashing at him with her arms. He grunted and grabbed her hands, holding them out from her sides. He lowered his face to within inches of her own.

“I shall enjoy taming you as we wait and see if that fine husband of yours is willing to pay for your return.” His breath was redolent of porter and overripe cheese. Elizabeth turned her head away from the smell. He laughed, pressing the outline of his swollen member tightly against her body.

He looked up at Atheridge. “The rope, you idiot! Help me tie her up. ”

Quaking, Atheridge dropped to his knees, handing him the rope. “D—did you get a carriage?”

He knotted the rope about her wrists, pulling it cruelly tight when she attempted to flail at him. “From the stable,” he answered shortly.

“Here? Her own carriage? If Thomas finds it missing—” he trailed off miserably.

“That’s why you’ll have to come with me to see it’s brought back before he’s about.” Tunning grunted as he deflected a kick.

“Me!”

“Know anyone else whose neck threatens to be stretched if he don’t?” He quickly captured the errant leg and bound the two together. He sat back on his heels and studied her bound figure. “Are you sure you don’t want a tumble?” he asked Atheridge.

He laughed at Atheridge’s choked denial. “Well, help me get her out of here.”

Elizabeth shuddered as they grabbed her, squeezing her eyes shut to close out his gloating image. She was terrified but knew she must master her terror if she was to have a chance to escape.





“Oh, Thomas, quit now. Mind your manners,” Ivy said, playfully batting at the grinning youth nuzzling her neck.

“It’s you I’d rather mind, in all manner,” he mumbled into her soft skin.

“To be sure, you rascal,” she said, pulling away and adopting a prim mien as she straightened her clothes.

Thomas sat back, laughing. “You’re a saucy miss. It would serve you right if I left you to those London wolves. ”

He stood up and stretched. “Speakin’ of London reminds me I’ve a harness to mend afore morning. Be a pet and walk me to the door.”

“Walk you to the door? Get on with you now,” she said pertly.

“’Tis a cold, cold night; I could use a kiss at the door to warm me,” he said glibly.

“You do tell a tale,” she protested. “Well, come on now if that’s your payment, let’s be about. My lady’s fired to patch things with my lord and would be mighty unhappy if we couldn’t be off first light. But let’s go quiet like, I don’t fancy runnin’ across Atheridge or that hatchet faced wife o’ his.”

He nodded his understanding as he grabbed his coat off the peg and opened the door to his room. They stood listening at the doorway then slowly stepped into the hall, grimacing as a floorboard creaked. They exchanged quick, warning glances. Thomas grabbed Ivy’s hand and led her stealthily toward the back stairs and down two flights to the butler’s pantry.

“What was that?” Ivy tugged on Thomas’s arm to halt him. “Listen!” she hissed. She crept toward the dining room then on through to peek out its open doors into the foyer hall.

She nearly gasped aloud, quickly clamping a hand across her lips to still any sound. She beckoned urgently for Thomas to come look.

Mrs. Atheridge stood by the front door, holding a small lantern while Atheridge and Mr. Tunning, hunched over, descended the stairs. They appeared to be carrying something between them. Thomas squeezed Ivy’s shoulder when they saw the dark bundle move.

Tunning laughed softly. “Your struggling just fires my blood. Think that fine husband of yours will take back soiled goods?”

“Sh-h—” hissed Mrs. Atheridge, glancing about the hall.

Thomas and Ivy ducked out of sight. Ivy, biting her lip, looked up at Thomas anxiously, silently asking him if they should intercede. Slowly he shook his head. The devil was in Tunning, right enough, and no telling what he was liable to do if they rushed to save the Viscountess. Tentatively he looked into the hall again, in time to see Tunning sling her over his shoulder while Atheridge opened the door and his wife held the lantern high to guide their steps.

In the wavering lantern light, the Viscountess’s face was ashen yet bore resolute courage. Thomas knew she would not submit easily to Tunning. Through the open door he saw the horse and carriage from the stable. A silent whistle passed his lips at the kidnappers’ audacity. He smiled suddenly when he remembered the worn harness. In the hands of a driver like Tunning, it wouldn’t last long.

He pulled Ivy back into the butler’s pantry and on into the kitchen.

“What are we going to do?” wailed Ivy softly, clutching at his sleeve.

“You’re going to go to your room and stay there till I return,” he instructed, gently disengaging her grasp.

“I—I couldn’t!”

“Yes you can. I’m going to ride hell-for-leather to London for his lordship.”

“It will take too long!”

“Not if I ride cross-country, and remember, they’re driving with a bad harness. But standing here jawin’ ain’t helping. Watch out for hatchet face. I’m off.”

“Thomas, wait!”

He turned back to her, about to protest, when she stood on tiptoe to kiss him.

“That’s to ward off the cold and speed you on your way,” she said softly.

He grinned, swooping to pick her up and give her a hearty kiss, then he sped for the stable.

By the light of day, at a carriage trot, Larchside was situated two hours out of London. At night, with only a faint half moon to guide a horse by, it should have taken longer. Thomas reached London in little over an hour. He sent up a prayer of thanks to his maker as he made his way to the house on Upper Brook Street and added a request for the Viscount to be home. He wasn’t.

Thomas swore softly as he guided the tired horse to St. Ryne’s club. Somewhere on the road to London every minute began to feel like hours, and the hearty confidence he’d shown Ivy dwindled away. Perhaps he should have gone directly to the magistrate, or maybe roused the Humphries. Lines of worry etched his brow as he pounded on the club door. He rudely, pushed past the porter into the hall.

“See here, man, what do you think you’re about?” demanded the porter.

“I’ve got to see the Viscount St. Ryne,” gasped Thomas, heading for the stairs.

Two burly footmen barred his path.

“You’ll wait outside and we’ll inform his lordship when he’s free,” pronounced the porter as the two footmen grabbed his arms and hustled him to the door.

Thomas savagely twisted free and ran up the stairs followed by the footmen while the porter shouted from below. The footmen caught up with him on the landing when Thomas paused in uncertainty as to which way to proceed.

The hue and cry caught the attention of several gentlemen who immediately began to place bets among themselves as to the young stranger’s success against their footmen. Thomas’s desperation giving him strength, he landed several flush hits engendering a smattering of applause from his audience and a renewal of betting activity. But he was becoming winded.

“I’m for St. Ryne, they’ve got her ladyship!” he blurted out before a punishing left deprived him of breath.

One gentleman in the group straightened. “Hold!” he commanded. The footmen and Thomas reacted instinctively to his voice. The man strode forward briskly to fix Thomas with a quelling stare. “What is this about the Viscountess?”

Thomas swallowed convulsively. “Mr. Tunning and Mr. Atheridge, sir, they bound her and took her. Mr. Tunning don’t mean well by her neither.”

The gentleman swung around to one of the footmen nursing a sore jaw. “You,” he ordered, “go round to my stables and have them saddle my two fastest horses and bring them here.” He pulled off a signet ring from his little finger. “Use this ring as authority. Have them here in less than fifteen minutes and there’s a gold crown in it for you.”

“I say, Branstoke, what is this all about?” asked one of the sprigs of fashion ogling the fight.

“Stanley! Fetch St. Ryne immediately, even if you have to drag him here.” Branstoke’s voice thundered, a far cry from his habitual languid tones.

Young Stanley reacted instinctively to the voice of authority just as Thomas and the footmen had and trotted off to discover in which room St. Ryne sat.

Beyond seeing that he did as ordered, Branstoke scarcely paid him heed. He turned back to Thomas, dragging him out of hearing of the curious. “All right, lad, tell me what happened.”

The words tumbled out of Thomas’s mouth as he explained what he and Ivy saw. Branstoke’s brows drew together as he listened and a crowd began to gather, filling the hall.

“Thomas! Stand aside. Let me pass!” St. Ryne’s voice came from the far side of the crowd where he was rudely shoving his way through his fellow club members, ignoring their disgruntled oaths.

“My lord!” gasped Thomas, when he saw him finally push his way through.

“What’s going on? Stanley babbled something about Elizabeth.” He grabbed Thomas by his coat, nearly pulling him off his feet.

“Kidnapped, she was, my lord, by Mr. Tunning.”

A small uproar surged through the crowd. St. Ryne ignored them, his attention on Thomas. “When? How?”

Branstoke laid a hand on St. Ryne’s arm. “I’ve sent for two fast horses. Your man can give the details on the way.” He clapped Thomas on the back. “Will you be all right, lad? You’ve been through a lot already.”

“I’m fine, sir. ’Sides, I’d do anything for her ladyship.”

“Enough! We haven’t any time to lose,” snapped St. Ryne, heading for the stairs, Thomas and Branstoke following.

“But, I say, St. Ryne, you’re in your evening dress!” protested a town tulip, eyeing him through his quizzing glass.

“I’d go buck naked if it would get me to her faster!” he called back over his shoulder.

“Wait, you’ll need weapons,” said Branstoke.

St. Ryne stopped short. “Blast! There’s no time, and in the temper I’m in I could rip Tunning to pieces with my bare hands.”

“What about Mannion’s poppers?” suggested a gentleman from the top of the stairs.

“He’s right,” Branstoke admitted. “Mannion’s carried dueling pistols with him anytime these past twenty years.”

“I’ll rouse Mannion,” another offered.

“No time, he’s passed out in the library. Porter! Fetch Lord Mannion’s greatcoat, they’re probably in the pockets. Get St. Ryne’s as well!” Branstoke called after him.

The front door burst open. “Sir, I brought the horses,” huffed the footman.

“Here they are, my lord!” exclaimed the porter, trotting back into the hall. “They’re in the pockets like you said.” He pulled out an old flintlock from a deep pocket.

In two strides St. Ryne was at his side, relieving him of the pistols and slinging his own coat over his shoulders.

“Thomas, can you handle one of these?” he asked, handing him a pistol. Thomas nodded. He turned to Branstoke. “Thank you for the horses. I don’t know when—”

“Say no more. Just save her and don’t ever let her go again.”

St. Ryne nodded once curtly then reached out to squeeze his shoulder, silently thanking him for all his efforts on their behalf. “Give my compliments to Mannion,” was all he said, then he followed Thomas out the door.

After Thomas related the events of the evening, the ride to Larchside was hard and grimly silent, each man alone with his thoughts. For St. Ryne it was the longest ride of his life. If what Thomas said was true, then Bess must have forgiven him. Why else would she plan to return to London?

Oh, Bess, he silently called, don’t give up.

What a consummate fool he had been. He remembered the Amblethorp rout when he first saw her and thought she looked fragile. She didn’t appear the shrew until he goaded her. He had been blind to the clues as to her real nature, so intrigued was he to play Petruchio. Now he could only hope that her shrewish mask would again give her strength.

They were surprised, when they turned into the drive leading to Larchside, to see the manor ablaze with lights. Without a word they laid their heels into their mounts and galloped up the drive. St. Ryne was off his horse and running for the door even before the horse stopped. The door flew open before he reached it.

“Oh, my lord, thank heavens you’re here!” Ivy exclaimed. “We got the Atheridges locked in the kitchen pantry.

“And Bess?” St. Ryne asked anxiously.

“Tunning still has her.”

“Who’s we?” asked Thomas, tethering the horses.

“Peter and me. We forgot he were here, too, Thomas. After you left I got to worryin’ and thinkin’. Then I remembered Peter so I roused him and told him all. Together we captured ol’ hatchet face and when Atheridge came creeping back, we bagged him, too.”

St. Ryne grabbed her. “Can Atheridge tell us where Tunning’s taken her?”

“Already done that, leastways where they’re headin’. You were right, Thomas,” she said looking past St. Ryne. “That harness did break, not three miles from here. Caused a devil of a fight atween ’em, says Atheridge.”

“Damn it, woman,” roared St. Ryne, “where’s Elizabeth!?”

“Hav—Havelock Manor.”

“Where’s that?”

“About seven miles by road,” said Thomas. “But I thought that burned down.”

“Atheridge said one wing’s sound and Tunning's takin’ her there, but they had to go the last four miles on foot on account one horse ran off when it were unhitched and the other come up lame.”

“Come on, Thomas,” ordered St. Ryne grimly, swinging around to the horses.

“Have a care!” Ivy called after them.





Tunning shoved Elizabeth and she stumbled, falling onto the makeshift bed. She drew her cut and bleeding feet close to her body as she huddled in the corner, silently watching him as he laid a fire in the massive hearth.

She was cold, colder than she had ever been before, but she refused to let Tunning see her weakness. At first, during the long walk, he delighted in prodding her and laughed when she fell. He even removed the gag in an attempt to goad her to speech, but she doggedly remained silent, only glaring at him.

As the miles stretched and the cold penetrated their bones, he became quiet and morose, occasionally muttering to himself as he was now. At the moment, she feared him more, for it seemed there was little left of the civilized man. His mind was captured by the notion of revenge upon her.

He turned his head from the fire he built to look at her and laughed. The sound sent shivers down Elizabeth’s spine. She wondered how long he intended to toy with her. She moved her hands, testing the bonds, drawing in her breath sharply to prevent crying out when the rough rope bit into her chafed wrists. She relaxed. Even if her hands were free, she doubted she could have escaped, so damaged were her feet. As the piercing cold eased, she felt her feet burning and sharp pain shooting up her calves. She doubted her legs and feet could even bear her weight.

“Trollop,” Tunning said. “The veriest trollop you look, fit for the London stews.” He walked toward her. “Perhaps that’s where I’ll drop you when I’m through,” he said consideringly. He dropped to his knees beside her and reached out.

She flinched away from his touch.

“I only want to untie those pretty little hands so they can get warm. Got to be warm to touch me like I want.”

Elizabeth bit back a denial and allowed him to untie her. Even if her legs failed her, perhaps with her hands free she could find a way to protect herself. She began to study the room covertly, searching for likely weapons. Tunning must have moved here directly from the estate cottage. There was a pile of clothes by the window, some crockery and food on a rickety table by the door. Nearby was a stack of logs, a few ledgers, and a keg of ale. The candelabra on the mantle were silver and beautifully wrought. Probably originally from Larchside.

When her hands were free Tunning rose, drew himself a mug of ale, and shuffled back to the fire, swearing against the cold. Elizabeth stroked her chafed wrists and attempted to move her legs. They screamed in agony but she forced her muscles to respond. She couldn’t afford for them to stiffen and cramp.

Draining his mug and wiping his mouth on his coat sleeve, Tunning turned his backside to the fire, relishing the warmth. He saw Elizabeth moving on the bed. He licked his lips and shifted his feet to ease the pressure on the swelling in his pants.

“In a moment, pet, in a moment,” he said.

Elizabeth’s eyes flew up to him. Too late she realized what her gentle squirming on the bed caused. She had been so caught up in studying the room she hadn’t been paying any attention to Tunning. Now she saw the sweat break out on his forehead and the lust in his eyes.

“No.” The word fell from her lips. Oh, Justin, she wildly prayed, help me, please! But she knew her prayer to be useless for he was in London, and no one would know of her disappearance until morning.

Tunning slowly advanced, rubbing his hands together, then reached out toward her, his fingers flexing like talons. A triumphant grin carved his face into a demonic semblance of a man. Elizabeth shifted warily to her knees, her pulse pounding. She eyed the distance to the table where the crockery sat, some heavy enough to bludgeon him with, if she could make it that far. He moved in front of her, blocking her view of the table.

He chortled at the fear he saw on her face. “Yes,” he murmured, “ol’ Tom Tunning's spear will pin you to that bed, squirming.”

He lunged. Elizabeth screamed, throwing herself off the end of the bed. Tunning's hand caught the fabric of her clothes and she heard it rip when she rolled away. She scrambled, crablike, as he came after her, his face convulsed with rage. He fell on her. Her nails raked his face, her legs kicking wildly, as they rolled on the floor. His hand found the neckline of her gown, ripping it. Her terror threatened to overwhelm her.

She screamed Justin’s name, imagining she heard her name called in return.





T'was I won the wager, though you hit the white; And, being a winner, God give you good-night

—Act V, Scene 1



“Elizabeth! Elizabeth!”

There, she heard it again, louder. It wasn’t a dream! He was here. A surge of strength swept through her body.

“Justin! Help!” she cried out as she rammed the heel of her hand into Tunning's nose. Tunning, bellowing with rage, grabbed her by the shoulders and slammed her head into the floor.

Elizabeth’s head exploded in pain and her eyes blurred, but she doggedly fought him. She couldn’t give up now with help so close. She heard Justin ramming against the locked door. Though her head hurt, her heart sang.

Finally the wood cracked and splintered, nearly coming off its hinges under St. Ryne’s and Thomas’s weight. They ran to the struggling figures on the floor, Thomas waving his gun, trying to get a clear shot.

Tunning in his lust and anger was oblivious to their presence. St. Ryne grabbed him by the scruff of his coat and hauled him off her, spun him around and slammed his fist into his stomach. Tunning fell backward, gasping for breath.

“Elizabeth!” St. Ryne cried, bending to lift her from the floor and cradle her against him. “God, I’ve been so frightened this night.” He held her, stroking her hair as she sobbed weakly against him.

Thomas watched them and smiled the gun loose in his grasp.

Tunning quietly struggled to his feet, his eyes darting from the St. Rynes to Thomas. Damn the Viscount! He swore silently, and damn Atheridge too, for he must have squealed. He’d deal with him later. Right now he’d get St. Ryne and that irksome groom.

With one hand he grabbed for Thomas’s gun while his other hit him in the jaw, sending Thomas reeling backward to hit his head against the wall and sag to the floor. St. Ryne shoved Elizabeth behind him as Tunning brought the gun up, training it on him.

“Keep your hands out from your sides if you don’t want a bullet in you,” Tunning snarled. “I might put one in you anyway for all the trouble you’ve caused, you and her, coming to Larchside and ruining a sweet deal. If you’d just followed my suggestions, none of this would have happened, so know this is on your head.”

St. Ryne kept his eye trained on Tunning’s shaking gun hand. He would have to try to reach what little part of the civilized man might remain. “You should have cut your losses when we arrived,” he said conversationally.

“There wouldn’t have been a need, if it hadn’t been for her.” The look he cast Elizabeth was so full of malevolence that St. Ryne pushed her further behind him. Tunning glanced back at the Viscount, sneering. “Your type never holds interest in land for long, just for what you get out of it.”

Elizabeth edged back toward the fireplace and the stack of wood, hobbling and wincing in pain yet determined. She could not allow him to harm her husband.

Tunning was now well caught up in recounting her meddling. “It’s all her doing, you know. You’re befuddled. She’s nothing but a tease, even propositioned me. I turned her down of course.” His voice took on a self-righteous tone.

Elizabeth stooped to pick up a small log and held it behind her, steadying herself with her other hand against the mantel. Oh, what she would give to have a poker handy! St. Ryne was talking to Tunning softly and calmly, like one would talk to a wild dog or horse, his words commiserating with him on his misfortune. In the corner Thomas groaned. Nervously Tunning spun around to level the gun at him then spun back when he saw St. Ryne take a step forward.

“Don’t move,” he ordered, his voice cracking. He jumped again at another groan from Thomas. “Quiet!” The gun jumped spasmodically in his hands.

St. Ryne slid another step closer, his hand out for the gun.

Horrified, Elizabeth watched Tunning's eyes roll and his hand shake. He was about ready to shoot!

Elizabeth heaved the log at him before his finger pulled the trigger. It caught him in the shoulder just as the gun exploded. She screamed Justin’s name, closing her eyes tight in fear of seeing him stretched out on the floor.

“It’s all right, Bess, it’s all right.”

Her eyes flew open at the sound of Justin’s voice. He stood before her, not a mark on him. “Justin?” she whispered wonderingly. Her eyes searched the room for Tunning. He was lying on the floor, black powder burns on his hand and side of his face, his shoulder bleeding. She clung to St. Ryne, shaking her head dazedly.

“I told you all you lacked was throwing practice,” St. Ryne said, smiling down at her.

“What happened?”

“The gun exploded. You probably saved his miserable life,” he said laughing softly.

“I don’t understand.”

“Got a pair of old dueling pistols from Mannion at the club. Carries them around with him all the time, but they probably haven’t been fired or cleaned in years, so when Tunning pulled the trigger, the gun misfired. Probably would have killed him if you hadn’t struck him with that log, deflecting the gun.”

“Or killed Thomas if he’d—Thomas!” she said anxiously.

“I’m all right, my lady. I’m sorry I didn’t pay better attention to Tunning.” He struggled to his feet and looked down at the former estate agent. “What are we going to do about him?”

“I think you’re going to have to stay here with him while I take the Viscountess back to Larchside. I’ll have the magistrate and a doctor out to see to him.” He looked down at Elizabeth, for the first time noting her torn garments. “That bastard,” he growled, shrugging out of his greatcoat and wrapping her up in it.

Elizabeth laughed weakly. “My clothes, I’m afraid, are the least of my problems. I fear, Justin, I cannot walk; my feet are cut to ribbons.”

St. Ryne looked down at her feet encased in torn slippers liberally stained with blood. His face softened and he gently picked her up. She wrapped her arms around his neck.

“Your courage and strength, my love, unman me.” He lowered his head to kiss her tenderly.

The first faint light of dawn shone on the horizon as St. Ryne placed Elizabeth in the saddle and swung up behind her. Turning the tired horse back toward Larchside, he pulled her close. She leaned her cheek against him. When she heard a low laughing rumble in his throat, she looked up quizzically.

“Do you remember the last time you rode before me?”

“I’m not likely to forget, nor the ice water you set me in when we arrived.”

He grimaced. “That was an accident.” He paused, then went on in a strangled voice: “Thomas said you were planning to return to London. Dare I hope that you were coming back to me? I know I’ve acted the complete ass, but can you forgive me, Elizabeth?”

He sounded so humble and penitent, that even if she hadn’t already forgiven him, she would have done so. She looked into his eyes, her own shining. “Not unless you call me Bess,” she teased. “I find I’ve become fond of the name.”

He laughed. “I did it at first merely to tease, and then I came to think of you as ‘my Bess’ and no other name would do, except maybe ‘love,’ ” he finished softly.

“Let’s begin anew, Justin,” she suggested urgently.

“How so, love?”

“Let’s pretend this is the homecoming ride from our wedding and put the past behind us.”

“All right,” he said, reining in the horse. “But first a kiss to seal our vows properly.” Pulling her tight against him, he lowered his head until their lips touched, softly at first then with increased pressure, their tongues intertwining as each pulled the other closer. The swirl of sensation threatened to drown Elizabeth but this time, instead of allowing the sensations merely to wash through her, she answered his kiss with a tidal wave of passion.

She was light-headed but happy when at last their kiss broke. She reached up a shy finger to trace his face. “I love you, Justin. Let’s hurry home.” She paused, smiling saucily up at him. “I have still to learn what it really means to be the Viscountess St. Ryne.”

He raised an eyebrow, and a small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “And are you eager to do so?”

“Very eager.”

He laughed, hugging her tight, and urged the horse forward to Larchside.





Thanks so much for reading Honor's Players.

When I was in elementary school I received a book called Tales from Shakespeare by Charles and Mary Lamb. It was a book of Shakespeare’s plays turned into stories for children. I loved that book and as I got older I came to appreciate Shakespeare’s plays. Of course seeing and hearing a young James Earl Jones playing Othello didn’t hurt either. I have enjoyed watching Shakespeare’s plays both on stage and on film and admired how different casts and directors could put different spins on the plays. So, it was natural that I should try my hand at a different spin as well, and what better vehicle that a Regency Romance?

Honor’s Players was the first full regency that I wrote. I started A Grand Gesture first (coming soon to Kindle), but Honor’s Players was the first book I finished. It won first place in a writing contest sponsored by the University of Texas at Dallas and was first runner up for a Rita award from Romance Writers of America. The book still has first place in my heart.

If you enjoyed this set of books, please considering leaving a review for all three and if you'd like to leave a review for just my book, you can leave a review and "Like" it here. If you find a typo or other error in the Kindle formatting, please email me so I can get it fixed as soon as possible!

Below is information on some of my other books:

The Waylaid Heart

Snubbed! Intrigued by the novelty, Sir James Branstoke followed the widow Cecilia Waddley. He first followed her in curiosity, then to save her from herself when he realized she was on the trail of a murderer who would have no compunction about taking her as his next victim.



The Heart's Companion

Rumor branded the Earl of Royce as the Devil’s Disciple, a man every self-respecting woman spurned. But Jane Grantley found spurning him difficult for the Devil’s Disciple refused to live up to his name instead playing the perfect gentleman until even Jane’s legendary reserve melted.



A Heart In Jeopardy

For Leona Leonard and Nigel Deveraux duty to one’s family went without question. But when Leona rescues a Deveraux family member from kidnappers and the kidnappers swear vengeance, Leona’s and Nigel’s concepts of duty clash in this lively Regency mystery romance.



The Rocking Horse, a Regency Christmas short story

The handmade toy was Lord Tarkington's gift for his young daughter. But his labor of love touched the heart of a lady—who knew she had found her heart's desire.



Perchance to Dream (A Regency Short Story)

When Andrew Montrose dreamed of a mermaid the Caribbean locals said he was cursed to die by the sea. Andrew scoffed at their superstitions and beliefs—then he saw her.





More books coming to Kindle in 2013:

A Grand Gesture

When Catherine Shreveton was offered a London Season under the auspices of her aunt, her family insisted she go. In a pique, she dressed to look every bit as plain and provincial as her aunt supposed her to be, but she hadn’t counted on the Marquis of Stefton who knew she acted a sham.

Gentleman’s Trade

A sparkling story of a New Orleans belle caught up in a contest of wills with a dashing Englishman.





ROSES AT MIDNIGHT



Copyright © 1997, 2013 by Diane Alexa Smart Stuckart



This book is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, and dialogues are products of the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



All rights reserved. No part of these pages may be used for any purpose other than for review or personal use. Reproduction in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, or otherwise, for other reasons is strictly prohibited without prior written permission.



Cover design by Amber Anderson, ADKdesigns, LLC www.adkdesigns.biz



Published by BookSmart Publishing



www.dianestuckart.com





DIANE A.S. STUCKART, Author of the Award-Winning Leonardo da Vinci Mystery Series and National Bestselling Author of the Black Cat Bookshop Mystery Series (writing as ALI BRANDON)





PRAISE FOR ROSES AT MIDNIGHT




"…an extremely satisfying read filled with vivid imagery. [Stuckart] builds suspense to a chilling, climactic conclusion." (4 stars) —Romantic Times Magazine





"Hell, yes! [Roses at Midnight]…stretch[es] the bounds of the genre…"—Laurie Loves Books





My imagination, unbidden, possessed and guided me, gifting the successive images that arose in my mind with a vividness far beyond the usual bounds of reverie....What terrified me will terrify others; and I need only describe the spectre which had haunted my midnight pillow.”



—Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley on Frankenstein, or, The Modern Prometheus





I fear, dear friend, that my life has grown Exceedingly Dull since you and your Dashing Young Poet left the city in search of adventure abroad. I have not yet found the Grand Commission as an artist for which I have hoped. Alas, teaching small children to sketch and mending lace are hardly the proper sort of careers for a Modern Woman. Lest I sink into Perpetual Boredom, I shall write often and share even the smallest fragments of news . . .

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





London . . . May, 1816

"Now then, gentlemen, I believe you will find this next demonstration most edifying."

A murmur of anticipation rose from his fellow physicians as the speaker—a thin, intense man barely into his third decade—stepped aside from the wooden table. He stood in a circle of yellow light, illuminated by the dozen lamps strategically placed about the makeshift platform. Those lamps emitted heat enough so that, even though the drafty, high-ceilinged stone chamber lacked any sort of furnace, he could feel the sweat beading upon his forehead. He began removing his black frock coat.

As always, Talbot Meeks drew out the moment deliberately, aware that a sense of the theater was not amiss there. Indeed, standing before the score or so of men of medicine who had paid a crown each to watch, he wryly realized that he bore an unfortunate resemblance to some Drury Lane actor.

The only difference was that his fellow player upon this particular stage was a naked corpse.

Having shed his jacket, he caught up a pair of porcelain-handled copper probes from which trailed lengths of thin wire. Those wires were, in turn, connected to a boxlike device the approximate size of a linen chest. The assembly of wire, metal rods, glass discs, and liquid-filled jars appeared innocuous enough to the untrained eye; a few cranks of its handle, however, produced a charge that could knock a man off his feet.

Coolly, Talbot once more faced his audience. They were seated in the carved wooden pews that were a legacy of the building's previous function—namely, a chapel. Though they were cloaked in shadows so that he could not make out their faces, he could hear their impatient rustling and catch the occasional murmured word being exchanged. The air was thick with challenge and skepticism, as it was every time he offered his anatomy lessons.

He felt a muscle in his cheek twitch as he struggled to contain his irritation. His demonstrations were conducted in the strictest of scientific fashion, with his intent to dispel the superstition and ignorance that still pervaded his profession. Far too many of his fellow physicians cared little about their patients and even less about plumbing the workings of the human body. Rather, they prescribed noxious concoctions and let copious amounts of blood by way of treating every condition from gout to childbed fever . . . and then afterward extracted an exorbitant fee for their services. For most of the physicians here this night, then, attendance had been motivated more from idle curiosity than any true urge to learn.

Here now, gents. I'll give you your crown's worth and more, he thought with an inner grimace. He did not betray his emotions by so much as a lifted brow, however, but instead took a step forward.

"The apparatus you see behind me is an electrical generator based upon designs first developed by Messieurs Ramsden and Ingenhousz before the turn of the century. With these probes"—he paused to raise them like a priest offering up the Host—"I shall demonstrate how a current of electricity applied to the appropriate nerve centers of our subject can simulate living movement."

So saying, he inserted one rod into the grounding plate installed on the table, then momentarily pressed the tip of the other rod to the cold, white flesh of the dead man's lower torso.

The withered leg promptly kicked heavenward.

Talbot waited for the muffled exclamations to die before continuing. "We see similar results with other nerve centers," he explained and applied the probe to the corpse's upper chest. This time the dead man's waxen right arm shot out, as if he were a pugilist blocking a swift jab.

To the accompaniment of growing murmurs, Talbot moved the probe across that dead flesh until his subject fairly twitched like a man with the ague. The demonstration lasted no more than half a minute, but by then the pungent scent of discharged electricity filled the converted sacristy. Eyes burning, Talbot set aside the probes and let his unprotesting partner subside into his previous graven stillness.

"Quite fascinating, Dr. Meeks," came a voice almost unintelligible for its reedy Edinburgh burr, "but hardly more than parlor tricks. I dinna ken what medical purpose that generator of yours serves."

Talbot glanced toward the darkened arena before him, recognizing the speaker by his voice though his face was hidden in shadow.

"Dr. McArdle, your presence honors me," he smoothly answered. "As to your objection, might I remind you that numerous of our esteemed colleagues here in London and elsewhere have begun experimentation using electrical current. I presume you are familiar with the work of Doctors Malham, Fursey, and Kent, to name but a few. Though the results of their work are inconclusive, future applications will surely prove to be many. For example, restoring function to lame limbs, the relief of melancholia, perhaps even stimulating the regrowth of hair."

That last suggestion drew a ripple of laughter from the audience, for the balding McArdle's attempts to disguise his deficiency of locks had long been a source of amusement to his fellow physicians.

"Aye, jest all ye wish," the Scot countered, "but ye canna change me mind. Ye're dabbling wit' heathen powers, an' no good will come of it."

"I must disagree," spoke up another voice from the darkness. "Every major advance in human history came only when men of vision were willing to stride past their prescribed boundaries of knowledge into strange and wondrous new territories of learning."

"Aye, Dr. Cramer," McArdle sourly addressed that man, "an' if that be the case, then the Barkshire Demon does the Lord's work, ridding the city of fallen women."

That acerbic mention of the unknown killer who had been stalking London's backstreets these past months promptly quelled further comment. Talbot took advantage of the silence to regain control of the conversation.

"And now, gentlemen, we will continue with a study of the internal organs," he said with a cool smile and reached for the leather case containing his surgical instruments.





From her perch in a curtained alcove directly above the makeshift stage, Amaryllis Meeks set down her charcoal stick and allowed herself a sigh of relief. She had feared that, goaded by the Scot, her brother might have given way to the cold anger that of late seemed ever to bubble just beneath the surface of his usual gentlemanly mildness. Instead Talbot had handled the situation with an aplomb that made her proud.

While her brother arranged scalpels and surgical knives along the examining table, Amaryllis took a moment to flip back through her sketchbook. Her presence here, hidden within a dusty, velvet-curtained alcove once reserved for titled personages to observe Sunday services, had been Talbot's doing. For the converted chapel was his, housing this tiny amphitheater, an examining room, and private chambers in which he had lived since his wife first had taken ill.

She turned yet another page, squinting in the half-light. Even had the sun been brightly shining without, the hall would have been dark. All the stained glass windows save for the circular one in the ceiling above them had all been boarded over to keep prying eyes from seeing within. Talbot had allowed her but a single candle lest someone note her presence, and that faint glow had made her work difficult. Still, she gave a satisfied nod as she looked over the studies of legs and torsos that she'd thus far managed.

Her subject was the corpse upon Talbot's examining table. Unlike most young women, she was not discomposed by the sight of a dead man. Such was commonplace to her, since her father was the sexton of St. Pancras Church, and she had grown up practically within the churchyard. Indeed she had already succumbed to whimsy and mentally dubbed the deceased fellow George, given his passing resemblance to the current monarch.

For this cadaver was no Adonis-like model with a smoothly muscled physique. Instead, he was but a wizened old man with scrawny chest and limbs, his only feature of note a full head of silvery hair. He would have to do, however, as this would be the closest that she would ever come to a life school. As a woman, she could hardly be admitted to such a gathering, where a nude model posed for the benefit of the assembled artists. Thus she deemed herself deficient in several crucial areas of anatomy, so much so that she even once had stripped down to her chemise before a mirror and used herself as a model.

Talbot, however, respected her work as a painter and watercolorist. Unlike their father, he never laughed at her declarations that she would one day earn her keep with her artwork, perhaps because he considered himself something of an artist in his own field. Whatever the case, he understood her need to study the human form. It had been he, in fact, who suggested she attend his next anatomy lesson. The only restriction was that no one—most particularly, their father—must know she was there.

Now the sound of Talbot's voice pulled her attention back to the makeshift stage. Impatiently she brushed aside an auburn curl that had come loose from its pins to hang rakishly over one eye. Then she twitched aside the curtain again.

Lamplight glinted from the scalpel her brother held in one hand, and she bit her lip in consternation. Earlier he had warned her that the greatest portion of his lesson involved the dissection of a human subject. At the time, she had been too excited by the opportunity he was affording her to consider just what that meant. Now, however, as she watched him make the first incision into George's sunken chest, she felt her stomach lurch.

By the time he had split open the dead man like a Christmas goose primed for stuffing, she felt distinctly faint. Swiftly she pulled on her cloak and gathered up her drawing materials. Seeing a dead man was one thing. Watching his innards being removed and cataloged was quite another. But as she prepared to pinch out the candle and grope her way to the curtained exit, she recalled Talbot's final admonition as he had settled her in the alcove.

Wait here for me until after the lesson, and I will escort you home. After all, it's far too dangerous these nights for a young woman to wander the streets alone.

He was right, of course. Over the past six months, the Barkshire Demon already had claimed four victims. All had been impoverished females of various occupations—from prostitute to shop girl—with the oldest, Amaryllis's same age of two-and-twenty. That last, combined with her gender and humble station in life, left her uncomfortably close to being the sort of woman that attracted the Demon's attentions. Anyone would say she was a fool to consider making her way home alone and on foot.

Or was she? Amaryllis bit her lip again, considering. The tabloids all had made note of the fact that the Demon struck only on foggy nights. This evening was clear, and her way home marked by modern streetlights, so that she would be safe enough. Moreover it made no sense for her brother to make the long walk to St. Pancras and back simply to ease her fears. For she was a modern woman, after all, adhering to Mary Wollstonecraft's dictums regarding women's rights. Surely she possessed the sternness of mind not to be frightened by phantoms.

For, while wandering the fog-shrouded streets was unnerving, the thought of returning inside and witnessing poor George being served up like Sunday dinner was equally distressing. Even if she shut her eyes, she would still be able to hear everything. And poor George, through no fault of his own, had already developed the ripe odor of a corpse left unburied too long. She would still be able to smell him, as well. And while she might be stern of mind, she most definitely was weak of stomach.

The distinctive sound of a saw ripping through brittle bone that now rose from the stage below goaded her to action. Swallowing back her queasiness, she tore a page from her sketchbook and dashed off a note of explanation to Talbot. Then, posting the paper on a convenient splinter just outside the alcove, she tiptoed her way down a narrow flight of steep stone steps and slipped out the back way.

Once outside, however, she halted in dismay. In the intervening hour since the anatomy lesson had commenced, a serpentine fog had slid its way off the Thames to wrap icy white coils about the city streets. Now it was the sort of night when a person could hardly see his hand before his face. Indeed, it now was the sort of night when the Barkshire Demon walked the city.

Sternness of mind, she reminded herself. She was well away from that unsavory area near the river where the Demon prowled. And, should she become unnerved once she had walked too far to turn back, the solution was simple. She would simply flag down a passing hack and spend a few precious coins.

The matter decided, then, Amaryllis plunged into the fog.

Glimmers of the gas lamps' yellow light had escaped the fog's sinuous coils, so that fitful illumination was sufficient for her to negotiate the walkway with moderate ease. Even so, by the time she had covered a block, she could scarce make out any detail of her surroundings. Only the fact that she made this walk on a regular basis kept her from stumbling hopelessly lost through the anonymous streets. A few minutes later, however, the fog lifted long enough for her to glimpse a millinery shop where she occasionally stopped.

Halfway home, she determined with a faint smile as she let out a breath she had not realized she was holding. And then footsteps echoed in the distance behind her.

Reflexively, she halted. By chance or design, the other set of footfalls fell silent, so that she wondered for a moment if she simply had imagined them. They had sounded nothing like ordinary footsteps. Muffled by the night and the burgeoning fog, they had been reminiscent of tree limbs being slowly dragged across the damp cobbles. Steeling herself, she turned for a look at whoever was behind her.

No one was there.

After a moment, she resumed her pace, though her heart was thrumming at a quicker rate than before. Surely it had been but her imagination that had conjured phantom sounds. She and her friend, Mary, often made a game of frightening each other with fearsome tales, so that perhaps she was predisposed to hearing ghostly noises.

But now the only sound was the soft click of her own sensible boots against the walk. The dull rhythm was unnerving in its own way, announcing her presence more loudly than she would have wished, but it was a far preferable sound to the unearthly gait that she'd imagined had echoed her steps.

A few moments later, however, she almost wished for the company—unearthly or not. The fog had thickened again, leaving her to strain her eyes against the swirl of white in hopes of spotting some landmark—a signpost, perhaps, or else another familiar shop front. This time, though, none rose out of the fog.

"Blast," came her unladylike mutter that now held a small note of desperation. Even had she wished to flag down a hack, none was to be found. She would have to keep on going.

Hesitantly, she extended one arm. The tight sleeve of her bottle-green gown stretched the limits of its seams as she groped before her. When her gloved fingers closed over nothing more substantial than mist, she cautiously swung her arm to one side, only to connect with brick.

A wall. She edged closer to it, relieved she had not managed to wander into the middle of the lane. Now, should she remain where she stood and hope that the fog might lift a bit, or else guide herself along by means of following the building's edge? Yet even as she inwardly debated the question, she heard a faint, familiar shuffling somewhere behind her.

Her flesh prickled at the furtive sound. It was the same person . . . and he was still following her.

Frantically she shrank back against the wall and strove for calm. She had no proof, after all, that this unseen person was in pursuit of her. And if he were hidden from her by the night and the fog, then it stood to reason that he also could not see her. Unless, of course, he was the Demon.

For the tabloids had attributed almost supernatural powers to the fiend who seemingly wandered the foggy nighttime with the same aplomb a regular man strolled about on a sunny day. The fact that no one had ever witnessed his crimes, nor had he yet left any sort of clue behind as to his identity, only added to the mystery.

Even as a thrill of horror swept her, she determinedly embraced commonsense. Again, she reminded herself that the Demon had never struck this far north of the river. His fanciful sobriquet had come from the fact that each of the murdered women had been found in an alley off a narrow little twist of a dockside street called Barkshire.

But what if the Demon had decided, this night, to venture farther afield in his fearsome hunt?

Then she simply would outwit him, she told herself with a stoutness she did not entirely feel. Using the wall as a guide, she began moving away from the source of those shambling footsteps with as much speed and silence as her sensible boots and limited visibility allowed.

Rough stone bit through the worn kid of her gloves, and she stumbled half a dozen times on a protruding doorstep or a section of wrought-iron handrail. To her despair, none of the barred doorways or shuttered windows spilled forth any welcome light from beneath stoop or sill. No one was within . . . that, or the inhabitants were simply quailing within the dark, shuttered safety of shop and home.

And still the unseen walker followed after her, neither gaining on her nor falling behind. Yet even while she moved with frantic haste, her ears straining to track his menacing progress, her thoughts were fixed on the newspaper accounts she had read of the lurid crimes.

Another Horrid Murder.

Demon' s Rampage Continues Unchecked.

Police Officials at a Loss.

Though the tabloids vied with one another to uncover ever more outlandish details of the case, a few facts had remained constant. Each murdered woman had been found in an alley several days after her disappearance, naked and with her clothes neatly bundled beside her. The cause of death in all four cases had been deemed strangulation, for each victim's neck bore marks of brutish hands.

But that was not the worst of it.

Amaryllis shivered again, wishing she had heeded her brother's opinion that proper women did not read newspapers. Had she been less diligent in keeping up with such stories, she might have been spared the knowledge that now taunted her. For, if those accounts were to be believed, the killer had not contented himself with merely killing the women.

Afterward, the fiend had cut them open with almost surgical precision and neatly plucked out their hearts.

The shuffling sound behind her rang closer now. She stifled a moan of pure terror . . . and then the wall she had been using as a guide abruptly fell away beneath her hand.

A street corner, she realized after an instant of fear. Thankfully, she rounded it. Perhaps she could lose her pursuer now. Even better, she might find an occupied building in which to take refuge. But a dozen paces down that side street, a second brick wall loomed out of the fog before her.

Too late she realized her mistake. She had turned down what must be a blind alley. The rank smell of rotting garbage around her confirmed her suspicions. Frantic, she groped her way down the length of this second wall until, but a few feet farther, she reached the corner where it butted up against a section of wooden fencing.

Trapped.

She choked back a panicked cry, sagging against the damp planks as she debated whether to take refuge here or retrace her steps. This shallow passageway could prove the ideal hiding place, for her pursuer might well pass by its narrow entry and continue on into the night.

But what if he didn't? What if he stumbled across her instead? She would have no place to flee to, no chance at escape. Hers would be the next name to appear in the tabloids as the Barkshire Demon's latest victim.

Better to keep running than risk being cornered, she decided, and started back in the direction of the main road. For did she not have an advantage over the Demon's previous victims? Doubtless none of them had been modern women such as she, capable of rational thought and—unencumbered by impractical footwear—swift flight.

She paused once again at the alley's narrow mouth . . . and that was when a hellish face appeared from out of the fog.

That face! Skin a waxy, grayish shade . . . black eyes dull and yet ablaze with brimstone. And the smell that clung to him, the sweet sickening scent of decay that could never be mistaken for anything else. Dear God, it was the face of a corpse—the face of some creature that had been disgorged from the ranks of the dead!

What swept through her mind was less coherent thought than it was reflexive impression, and so fleeting that she barely had time to register its meaning. She took a step back and opened her mouth to scream.

And then the creature extended a ghastly hand toward her.

The scream died on her lips. Run! a frantic inner voice shrieked, but her feet remained planted on the uneven cobbles. She could merely watch while, like some fumbling swain, the being made an ungainly swipe at the hood of her cloak.

The woolen covering slipped from her head, while her tangle of waist-length auburn hair, loosened from its pins by her earlier exertions, spilled past her shoulders in a fiery blaze. At the sight, a flicker of emotion—triumph, perhaps?—passed over the slack gray face. Then, with a guttural sound of satisfaction, he reached out both pallid hands toward her.

Inwardly she screamed, a piercing wave of unadulterated terror. Outwardly, however, she remained unmoving, as if the fog had wrapped her in innumerable misty threads that held her firmly as chains. No sound escaped her, not even when the cold, dead fingers wrapped themselves around her throat.

Was this how the Demon's other victims had faced their end? Had they, too, been paralyzed with fear and unable to make even a token attempt at resistance?

She should struggle, should claw at his hands, yet the thought of touching that cadaverous flesh was more than she could bear. Even as she gasped for breath, even as red sparks exploded before her eyes, all she could manage was a frantic wish that it would be over, and quickly.

She heard it then—the clatter of wheels against stone that was an approaching carriage. At the sound, the brutal grip on her throat abruptly loosened. She felt herself drifting toward the ground like a laundry bundle carelessly tossed aside.

Talbot, she faintly thought. He realized I was gone and came after me. But hardly had the words formed in her mind than the cobbles rushed up and darkness enveloped her.





Victor Saville, third earl of Blackstock, coolly surveyed the half-naked young blonde before him.

Quite deliberately, his dark gaze took in the heavy globes of her white breasts, their pale nipples rouged a startling shade of red that matched the silk of her dressing gown, left artfully loosened all the way to her slim waist. He let his gaze drop lower still to her lush hips, their outline clearly visible beneath the sheer fabric. The sight, he knew, was designed to arouse any man not yet in the grave.

The trouble was, he just wasn't interested anymore.

And, just as problematical, he suspected that Miss Penelope Worthington knew as much, but that she was not prepared to give up her titled lover.

"Oh, pish-posh."

With that pouting plaint, Penelope tossed her blond curls and rolled her kohled blue eyes, even as she sidled toward him. Toying with his starched white neck cloth, she pressed her ample breasts to the superfine of his black waistcoat.

"Really, Vic, you can be quite tiresome at times," she went on and began to unfasten that well-tailored garment. "Any other gentleman being greeted like this would have fallen to his knees and told me I was as beautiful as Aphrodite herself."

"Indeed, I find you quite as beautiful as Aphrodite, herself. I would kneel," he added with a wry lift of one dark brow, "but my valet, Morrisdale, insists upon dressing me in pantaloons that are far too tight for such acrobatics."

His dry answer set the ersatz goddess's artificially reddened lips drooping into another studied pout.

"It's hardly a compliment, when I practically have to drag the words from you," she retorted as she finished unfastening the last of his waistcoat's gold buttons. "Besides which, it's been two weeks since last you visited me. I was beginning to wonder if there is someone else."

On the surface, her comment was nothing more than the casual query of a professional businesswoman. Still, Victor heard the faintest note of desperation in her voice that told him what he had begun to suspect . . . that Penelope had broken the demimondaine's cardinal rule and allowed herself to become emotionally involved with one of her patrons.

"There's no one else," he truthfully told her, then inwardly winced at her expression of triumphant relief. Putting her aside was going to prove harder than he had expected. Still, terminating their connection had to be done.

As if determined not to give him a free moment to consider that action, Penelope commenced with her usual bright chatter as she led him toward her bedchamber. He made no protest but followed, using that interval to collect his thoughts.

It wasn't that she had not kept up her end of their bargain. She had proved quite a satisfactory mistress—beautiful and articulate, if not exceedingly cultured. That last was not to be expected, however, given the gambling hell where he had first encountered her.

Save for a few rare occasions during his military career, he had never been one for consorting with prostitutes. In fact, he had approached his relationship with Penelope as sort of an experiment, something along the lines of creating a flamboyant hybrid bloom by the skillful crossing of two lackluster parent roses. And her proficiency in the sensual arts more than made up for her lack in the parlor. But as a man could not serve two masters, neither could he serve two mistresses . . . and given his current obsession with the horticultural manuscript he was in the process of preparing, the redoubtable Miss Worthington would have to be the one to go.

"Really, Vic, you haven't listened to a word I've said."

Penelope's mock-chiding words as they halted at the bedchamber door brought him back to the matter at hand. He was doing her no kindness by putting this off any longer, he told himself as he gazed down into her pretty, painted face. Firmly, he caught hold of her slim fingers that had begun wandering down the front of his black breeches with tantalizing familiarity, then stepped back out of temptation's range.

"My apologies for not being attentive," he said as he released her hand. "I fear that I have something to discuss with you that you might find . . . distressing."

"Pish-posh, you know that you can tell me anything," came her playful reply, though he saw the sudden uncertainty in her expression that was at odds with her light tone. "If you are dissatisfied with my—"

"It has nothing to do with you," he cut her short. "It has to do with me."

He paused at the pained uncertainty in her eyes, then bluntly went on, "I fear, Penelope, that I have no wish to see you any longer."

"You—You mean, you are casting me off?"

Her voice trembled, but her pointed chin lifted in pride as she met his gaze. "So what brings this on, my lord?" she demanded with an icy formality he'd never seen in her before. "Have I offended you in some way, acted less than eager in bed?"

"Hardly, Penelope. It merely happens that—"

He broke off, debating just how forthright he should be. It merely happens that I find your company unutterably tedious compared to the challenges of crossing Alba Maxima with Celsiana? Though firmness in such a matter was necessary, cruelty was not. He had never considered himself callous in his dealings with others, merely efficient. His defection from his own family a dozen years earlier was a case in point. If someone took offense, it was his—or her—own bloody fault.

"It merely happens that I have little free time these days," he finished. "But do not worry, I will not leave you in financial straits. In fact, I have deposited a substantial sum in your account and paid up your lodgings for six more months."

He paused to catch up his walking stick and hat from a nearby chair. Then, efficient as always, he plucked a folded, waxed-sealed sheet of foolscap from his coat pocket.

"I have also taken the liberty of jotting down the names of three gentlemen of my acquaintance who might be looking for a discreet arrangement," he explained as he proffered the paper. "If one of them meets your fancy, I would be happy to arrange a formal introduction—"

"I can find me own connections, thank you," she cut him short, a trace of her East End origins momentarily coloring her words.

Snatching the page from his grasp, she ripped it in two, and then unceremoniously flung the pieces heavenward. With the same abruptness, she stalked to the front door and, heedless of her half-dressed state, jerked it open.

"You're a coldhearted bastard, Lord Blackstock," she said with feeling. "My only consolation is that perhaps one day you will meet the right woman and fall in love, yourself . . . and end up being quite as cruelly used by her as I have been by you."

"Believe me, cruelty was never my intent," he said as he stepped past the threshold into the foggy night. Pulling on his gloves, he turned one last time to face her. "You might do well to reconsider those names I gave you, Penelope. Indeed, you can count yourself lucky—"

"I count myself bloody lucky you cast me off before I was murdered by you and one of your fancy friends, my lord," she clipped out and slammed the door in his face.

The sound reverberated like a thunderclap down the silent avenue. Victor barely heard it, however, over her mocking words that still echoed in his mind.

Murdered by you and one of your fancy friends.

A shaft of white-hot anger pierced his gut, so that his first impulse was to rip the gleaming brass doorknocker in the shape of a Cupid's leering face from its moorings. Christ, even she believed the stories, and here he'd been sharing her bed a dozen times a fortnight over the past few months.

His grip tightened on his stick as he fought to regain control. He'd heard the same accusation—sometimes spoken aloud, more often whispered behind his back—time and again since the events of last winter. By now he should be immune to its sting.

Obviously, he was not.

His anger now in check, he turned from Penelope's door a final time and headed for his carriage. It was a sleek black conveyance pulled by a matched pair of spirited bays. Emblazoned on either side was the Saville family crest, which featured a reclining stallion upon a quartered field of stylized roses.

Derek, his driver, jumped down from his perch atop the vehicle.

"Short evenin', milord," came the younger man's murmured observation as he tugged open the door for him.

Though Derek's pale, pockmarked features were devoid of expression, his tone held a suppressed note of sympathy that assured Victor his employee had witnessed that final scene with Penelope. Oddly touched by his words, Victor gave the man a reassuring nod. For Derek was one of three people whose loyalty to him had never wavered; his valet, Moresdale, and his sister were the others.

"I suspect it could have gone much worse," he replied as he stepped up into the conveyance. Once the door had closed behind him, he leaned out the open window to address his man. "I believe I would just as soon call it a night and return home."

"As ye wish, milord. The fog's lifted eno' that we should not 'ave any trouble makin' it back safe an' sound."

A moment later and to the accompaniment of jingling harnesses and clomping hooves, the carriage started down the cobbled lane. The lamps at either side of the vehicle directed a respectable glow onto the street despite the lingering fog. Satisfied that Derek had the situation well in hand, Victor pulled up the window and settled back against the black leather bench for the short journey to his fashionable Mayfair home.

By now the echo of Penelope's accusation had faded, but he found himself reluctantly remembering another, far more painful parting. A dozen years earlier, at the age of eighteen, he had determined that he was not cut out for his role as heir to the Blackstock title. Whether it was a deficiency in his upbringing that had brought him to this pass, or simply a clearer vision than granted his fellow lords-in-waiting, he was not certain. All he did know was that, to his mind, the English peerage as it existed was a farce and a fraud . . . and that he wanted no part of it.

Abolish the class system? his sire, Timothy Saville, had roared in disbelief when Victor had informed him of his revised personal philosophy. Bloody hell, lad, next you 'll be offering for women to stand up in Parliament.

With that unfair sally—for, as Victor heatedly had reminded the older man, he'd merely broadened his political views, not gone mad—a breach between them opened. Lady Blackstock had taken her husband's part, chiding her son for his liberal views and his disdain for familial responsibility. The gap soon became a chasm until, a few months later, Victor put an end to the conflict by purchasing a commission in the king's army.

The experience had proved enlightening, though not quite in the ways he had anticipated. He spent time with Wellington and escaped India unscathed. By then, however, he had found himself facing the same class distinctions in the army as he had left behind at home. He endured it all a few years longer and then finally sold his commission. Left to his own devices, he commenced upon a successful career in the un-lordly realm of trade. Not long afterward, word reached him that an epidemic of influenza had claimed both his father and mother.

Idly, he twisted the heavy gold ring with its engraving of the Saville family crest that he wore on the third finger of his right hand. That ostentatious piece of jewelry had been passed down from father to son for four generations. Now it was his.

He had felt the loss of his parents more keenly than he had expected, with a decade's worth of estrangement between them. He'd been even less overjoyed by the Saville family titles and estates falling prematurely to him. Given that he was the last of his immediate line, he might well have relinquished the whole lot to the crown, save for the fact that he'd also become sole guardian of his younger sister, Monique.

She had been but a child when he had left, but now Lady Monique was a pert young woman soon to make her debut. Upon their renewing their sibling relationship, he had come to the conclusion that his parents had spoiled the girl mercilessly. Taking a firm hand with her, however, proved a more daunting task even than facing Bonaparte's men.

Among her bad habits were a lamentable tendency to listen at closed doors and a propensity for voicing her opinion when it was not asked. But her greatest flaw, to his mind, was the fact that Monique was—in her own brightly frivolous way—quite as stubborn as he.

That thankless parental role aside, he soon learned there was not a hell of a lot for a new earl to do beyond drinking to excess, wagering outlandish sums at the card table, and evading marriage-minded debutantes. Finally wearied of being the sole voice of sanity among his fellows, he conceded defeat. For the first year and a half in his role of Lord Blackstock, he gamely set out to prove himself in all three areas.

He shook his head now at the memory. Six days out of seven had found him and a handful of friends well in their cups and at the faro tables at Brooks' or White's. Other times, he and his cronies would seek diversion at less fashionable spots, gambling hells such as the Golden Wolf. Most often he won at his game of choice—a fortunate state of affairs, considering he rarely could recall the next morning just what had happened the night before.

And always those prolonged sessions of drinking and gambling were preceded by obligatory appearances at any number of social events. Those gatherings he had found painful in the extreme after the life he'd been living. Having never taken to the role of beau or blade, it was only his sense of duty that forced him to grit his teeth and endure the calculated social rituals involved. After a handful of dances with giggling young women who never failed to sigh over his unfortunate resemblance to a minor poet named Byron, he would slip away to the next such function. The question of marriage and begetting heirs of his own he had managed to avoid thus far, confining his romantic dalliances to women of Penelope's ilk.

But the events of last winter had curtailed those excesses. His withdrawal from Society had been forced upon him as much as it had been his choice, and that knowledge was all the more bitter for the fact of his innocence.

Within days of that tragedy, he had found himself unwelcome in the same clubs and salons that, a week before, had greeted him and his purse with open arms. As for the invitations, they ceased like a coal mine that was played out. He'd been on the verge of taking himself and Monique off to their country estate for the remainder of the Season when, impulsively, he had decided to explore the boarded-up hothouse that had been the pride of his father and grandfather before him.

And it was there, in that dank overgrown jungle, that he'd found a new purpose for himself.

The carriage jolted to an unexpected halt. The suddenness of the stop put an abrupt end to Victor's musings even as it sent him half-tumbling onto the opposite bench. He regained his seat and pounded on the ceiling.

Derek's pockmarked face, paler even than usual, appeared at the trap door. "Sorry, milord," came his breathless apology. "I didn't mean t'—"

"What is going on here? If you can't manage the team in this bit of fog, I'll take the reins for you."

" 'Tain't the fog, milord," Derek returned in a queer, choked voice. "'Tis what I seen in it. Ye'd best come look."

Abruptly the trap slammed shut. Victor jerked open the carriage door and climbed out, his jaw set. He had hired Derek for, among other things, his common sense. If the man was going to start seeing ghosts and phantoms in the night, then he could find himself another post. But even as he strode past Derek and the nickering team, impatient to take his look and be done with it, a flash of intuition sent a chill through him.

Though he rarely perused the scandal sheets, he had heard recounted innumerable times the gruesome exploits of the killer known as the Barkshire Demon. Given that the Demon preyed only upon females of the lower class, he had reasoned that neither he nor his sister was in any danger of becoming the killer's next victim. Thus he had paid scant attention to the details. The one tidbit that >had stuck in his mind, however, was the fact that this killer struck only on foggy nights.

Nights such as this.

Resignation swept him even before he glimpsed the supine figure of a woman at the mouth of the alleyway. She was wrapped in a dull brown cloak that had parted to reveal the dark green of her modest gown. In turn, the dress had twisted high above her slim ankles to reveal a flash of white petticoat and a pair of sensible black boots.

No duke's daughter, this. He shook his head, his gaze sharpening to take in another, far more telling detail. For the carriage lamps' bright gleam washed over her with light enough that he could see the upper half of her body was surrounded by a puddle of scarlet.

Blood, was his first thought. She had met the same end as the Demon's other victims, her body savaged by a knife. It was a hellish way for anyone to meet his end, the more so for a woman.

He started to strip off his jacket to cover her, wanting to allow her this one last dignity. But as he moved closer, he saw that what he had taken for blood was instead the spill of her unbound red tresses about her. As for knife wounds, there was none to be seen from his vantage point.

"Looks like the Demon's work, all right," came Derek's mournful voice directly behind him that nearly sent him jumping out of his skin. "'Tis said 'ow the fiend only kills young an' pretty strumpets."

"Young and pretty strumpets, eh?" Victor softly echoed, turning his attention back to the unfortunate victim sprawled at his feet.

He had always been partial to blondes, like Penelope. With this woman, however, he might have been tempted to make a change. Even in the dim glow of the carriage light, he could see that she was far more lovely than the soiled doves one normally found walking the streets. Even now her face had an innocent look about it, as if she were but sleeping.

Sleeping. With a frown, he studied the still figure more closely. Had not the scandal sheets made specific reference to the fact that all the Demon's victims had been mutilated? Yet he'd already determined that the only outward sign of injury to her were the livid bruises he could now see on her throat.

Then his frown deepened. It had to be a trick of the light. . . that, or else a product of his imagination. Still, he might almost swear now that he could see the faint rise and fall of her chest as she lay there.

" 'Ere now, milord," came Derek's frantic protest as Victor abruptly knelt beside her, stripping the kid glove from one hand to wrap his fingers around her slim wrist. "'Tain't no call for ye to be worrying o'er the poor girl, now that she's past hope. Let me whistle up a Charlie to take care o' this nasty bit o' business, an' we'll be off."

"I rather doubt you will find a constable nearby on a night like this," Victor muttered, his attention focused on the task before him.

He thought he detected the faintest thread of a pulse beneath his fingers, but then it might just as easily be the racing of blood through his own veins that he felt. The fact that her flesh still held a hint of warmth meant little, as well. Perhaps the chit had been killed only moments before, and the sound of Victor's approaching carriage had warned off the murderer. That would explain why she, unlike the others, had not been mutilated. If only he had a shaving mirror, some cold shiny surface to hold at her lips to assure himself whether or not she still breathed.

"Quick, Derek, give me the knife you carry in your boot!"

"'Ere ye go, milord," the man uncertainly replied and handed over the weapon.

It was sharp if short-bladed, an efficient sort of tool that a cutpurse might carry about in practice of his trade. Victor had first become acquainted with that knife almost two years earlier as a victim of a particularly inept member of that underworld fraternity. He'd collared the would-be thief and offered the youth the choice of accepting gainful employment or being turned over to the watch. Derek had opted for work and, these days, used his knife strictly for paring his nails.

Now propping the woman's head in the crook of his elbow, Victor positioned the borrowed knife so that the blade's flat edge was but an inch from her pale, parted lips. The cold metal misted over with a faint sheen of moisture.

Derek, meanwhile, had forgotten his previous squeamishness to peer over his master's shoulder for a better look. "'Ere now, looks like the Demon didn't get this one, after all," came his awed exclamation as he leaned still closer.

Even as Victor allowed himself a triumphant grin— bloody hell, the chit was alive!—she chose that moment in which to open her eyes.

They were the clear verdant color of spring leaves, framed by thick fringes of black lashes that were a sharp contrast to her fiery hair. Blinking, she gazed up at him, her expression one of pain and confusion. Then, slowly, she focused on the glint of silver that was the knife blade he still held unthinkingly before her.

Before he could reassure her, the emerald eyes darkened in utter horror. Her pale lips parted in what surely would have been a scream of terror, save that no sound issued from her bruised throat beyond a muffled little croak.

And then the black-fringed eyelids fluttered shut as she lost consciousness.





"Bloody hell, she's fainted again."

Victor bit back a second, more pungent oath at his own stupidity as he returned the offending knife to its owner. No doubt the chit, upon seeing that weapon brandished before her, had believed him about to slit her throat. Farcical as the idea was, all he needed was for her to regain her senses and accuse him of being the Barkshire Demon. His reputation had suffered enough so that he was not prepared to risk a similar sort of scandal again.

Abruptly he scooped her up in his arms and swung about to face Derek.

"We're taking her back to the house. Gather her belongings"—he nodded in the direction of a reticule and a book of sorts that lay scattered nearby—"and we'll be off. A warm bed and a nip of brandy should bring her around again. We'll find out exactly what happened to her, and make certain she realizes who her benefactor this night was."

"But, milord, ye can't just be takin' 'er 'ome wit' ye," Derek protested, trotting ahead of him to pull open the carriage door yet again.

Victor halted. "And what would you have me do, leave her in the street and hope she survives the night? Or I suppose we could drop her on the steps of the nearest charity hospital and let some quacksalver have his way with her."

"'Tain't wot I meant, milord. Wot I should o' been sayin' was"—he paused and swallowed hard—"wot if the Demon decides 'e still wants 'er an' follows after us?"

"I hardly think that likely. Now lend a hand."

It took but a moment for them to wrap the unconscious woman in a lap robe and settle her across one leather bench. That accomplished, Victor climbed back inside, and Derek once more whipped up the team in the direction of Mayfair.

While the carriage clattered through the silent streets, Victor settled back against his own seat to take stock of the situation. Already he was regretting the impulse that had made him assume responsibility for the chit. So what if she did think him the killer? Considering that she'd had only a glimpse of him before she fainted, surely she would never be able to pick him out of a crowd again, let alone march up to the nearest watch station and announce it had been the Earl of Blackstock who had attempted to kill her! Hell, he could have done his duty by dropping her at the nearest church and then washed his hands of the situation. There'd been no real need to cart her back home just to convince her of his innocence in the matter.

Moreover he could picture quite clearly the reception he would receive from his household when he arrived at his doorstep with this red-haired doxy in tow.

Quite noble of you, brother mine, he could almost hear Monique's light, mocking voice. How selfless of you to offer aid to one of the lower class. But I venture that if she had been hatch-faced and a dozen years older, you would have gladly left the chit to the watch.

As perhaps he would have.

Dispassionately he let his gaze travel over her limp form. Settling her inside the coach, he'd had opportunity to take stock of her feminine attributes—an ample if not voluptuous bosom; trim waist; sleekly generous hips. As best he could tell, her striking features were not enhanced by paint, nor was she drenched in cheap scent designed to disguise a lack of regular bathing. She was a cut above the usual, so that he almost wondered if he might be mistaken in dubbing her a member of that fallen sorority.

But then what sort of woman other than a prostitute would be wandering the streets alone at night and with a known killer stalking the streets?

Just then the coach hit a particularly rutted section of street. Only Victor's instinctive intervention kept the unconscious woman from tumbling to the carriage floor.

With a muttered curse, he caught her up in his arms yet again. Struggling against the coach's low ceiling, he attempted to resettle her upon the seat. The lap robe had slid off her, however, tangling between his legs so that he found it nearly impossible to manage his insensible burden in the swaying vehicle. Conceding defeat, he half-fell onto his own seat, the chit now sprawled in an unseemly manner across his lap.

He muttered another oath as he attempted to regain both his balance and his dignity.The former, if not the latter, he swiftly accomplished. The question remained as to what to do for the duration of the journey with his still-unconscious companion.

For she had not awakened despite this rough treatment. Doubtless the twin shocks she had received this night—the first, at the Demon's hands and the second, unintentionally, from him—had sent her into some form of hysteria.

Victor grudgingly shook his head. Hell, he'd probably be in similar shape had he believed he'd come face-to-face with death twice in a single night. He only hoped that when she finally regained her senses, she also was capable of reason. But even as those thoughts crossed his mind, he realized that, for some reason, he still cradled the woman in his arms.

And, oddly enough, he found himself in no great hurry to set her down.

In the bright glow of the coach's interior lamp, he could see that her face now held a bit of healthy color. Too, her chilled flesh had regained its proper warmth, so that he could feel the heat of her body through the thin wool of her cloak and the finer spun fabric of her dark green gown. A good sign, he told himself, an indication that perhaps she had suffered no serious harm. Yet even as he made this dispassionate analysis, other more frivolous observations demanded to be given voice.

Somehow a goodly portion of her red-gold tresses had become entangled in one of his hands. Reflexively he curled his fingers more tightly about the soft strands. Though the lamplight seemed to imbue her hair with fiery life of its own, so that he might imagine a single lock would bum whatever it touched, its feel was the comforting coolness of expensive silk.

Or rose petals.

He allowed himself a wry smile at this unexpected lapse into poetry. Taking the comparison further, he determined that the pale skin above the damnably modest neckline of her gown resembled the white petals of an R. alba semiplena. Given the color of her hair, he might have expected to see a sprinkling of bright freckles on her skin that would have brought to mind a Rosa damascena versicolor, a white-petaled bloom flecked with pink. Save for the darkening splotches that were the imprint of her attacker's splayed fingers, however, nothing marred the creamy paleness of her smooth flesh.

An unexpected jolt of desire raced through him at the thought. The reaction intensified as, almost without thinking, he subtly shifted his position so that the rounded curve of her buttocks pressed against his groin. Now, with every jolt and jostle of the carriage, her body moved in a loverlike rhythm against him.

The sensation swiftly brought him to a state of full arousal, so that his erection now strained painfully against the taut fabric of his breeches. He leaned back in his seat and bit back a frustrated groan. Given the fact that it had been some time since he'd last had a woman, he should have slaked that particular need with Penelope before he put her aside. Now he was paying the price for his precipitous behavior.

Yet, even knowing the folly of what he was doing, he let his thoughts wander to still more interesting possibilities. Had his hands been free, he might have given way to temptation and run his fingers across that soft skin. Perhaps he would even slide a hand up under her skirts to see if the flesh of her thighs was equally as warm and satiny. Hell, with no one to stop him, he might just—

"Bloody hell."

This time guilt added a sharper edge to the muttered words as it occurred to him that he had just been contemplating something akin to rape. He'd never taken a woman without her consent before, and he damn sure wasn't about to start now. The fact that the chit was a prostitute made no difference.

His desire now quenched, he abruptly slid her off his lap and propped her upright on the seat. He resettled the blanket over her, then took the opposite bench again, a litany of recrimination playing in his mind.

What in the hell was wrong with him, lusting over an unconscious woman who had narrowly escaped a murderer's grasp but minutes before? He'd always had nothing but contempt for men who forced themselves upon their partners, spouses or not. Preying upon a woman who had already been victimized was nothing short of barbaric—even conceding that nothing actually had happened, except in his mind.

He was spared further inner debate on the matter when, a moment later, the coach halted outside his elegant town home. Victor had the carriage door open, himself, even before Derek had clambered down from his post. By now bright light spilled forth from the town house's entrance and framed a short, balding man of middle years and unctuous expression.

"Ah, Peters, you're still up and about," Victor observed in mingled dismay and relief as he caught sight of his butler.

He shook his head. He would have preferred the assistance of his valet, Moresdale, instead. A blunt, wiry man Victor's own age, Moresdale combined shrewd good sense with the closed-mouth discretion of a confessional priest. Unfortunately, Victor reminded himself, he had given the man the evening off. Peters would have to do.

Climbing from the conveyance, he gestured at the bundled figure he had left propped upon the seat. "Lend Derek a hand. We have an ill guest whom we need to get inside . . . and quickly."

"Certainly, my lord."

With Prinny's own stiff dignity, Peters descended the few steps to the street where the coach waited. His shiny face betrayed no sign of surprise at this turn of events, even when Derek scooped up the unconscious woman from the seat and unceremoniously deposited her in the butler's arms.

"'Ere now, Petey lad, ye 'eard 'is lordship," Derek spoke up with the hint of a smirk. "Let's get 'er inside, an' be smart about it."

The driver's careless words reflected the barely checked rivalry between him and the older man that had existed since the day Derek first joined the Saville household. Peters had long since dismissed the younger man as an uncouth rogue, unfit to be part of a peer's household. For his part, Derek took every opportunity to air his belief that a fireplace poker had, at some point in Peters's career, found its way up a certain portion of that man's anatomy.

Refusing to be goaded by Derek—at least not before the master—Peters merely turned a blandly questioning look in Victor's direction.

"Shall I put this, er, person in the guest chambers, my lord, or would you prefer her to stay in the garret with the other servants?"

"Put her in the Blue Room," he shortly ordered and turned away, but not before he glimpsed the look of well-bred shock on the other man's face.

He could hardly blame the man for being nonplused, Victor told himself. The butler had just been instructed to install a woman in the bedchamber that adjoined Victor's own—the room that, had he been wed, would rightfully have been occupied by Lady Blackstock. What else could the man think but that the earl had taken leave of his senses and decided to flout convention by installing his latest mistress in his own house?

"Oh, and Peters," he added in deliberate afterthought, "I want to keep any knowledge of our guest's presence from the other servants until tomorrow. And I would expressly ask that you try to avoid running into Lady Monique until after you have settled the young woman in her quarters. I would prefer to explain the situation to her myself."

"As you wish, my lord."

The man's tone was slightly strangled, as if he'd gulped down an entire pot of lemon tea the wrong way. His round face, meanwhile, had darkened several shades of pink with the effort of managing his unconscious burden.

He swallowed, and then went on. "You need not worry about Lady Monique, my lord. She already has retired to her rooms for the night."

"Excellent. Derek and I shall see about bringing around a physician, then, while you settle our guest upstairs." While Peters struggled toward the staircase, Victor turned back to his driver. "I want you to drive out to the home of my personal physician. Give him no particulars of what has happened tonight, but simply tell him that I have a guest in need of his ministrations . . . and then bring him as quickly as possible."

"But milord, wot about the Demon?" the man ventured in a stage whisper, nervously glancing back over his shoulder lest that killer be within earshot. "Shouldn't I summon the watch so you can let them know what happened?"

"What we think happened," Victor corrected in an icy tone. "For all we know, she was fleeing an abusive husband or perhaps even escaping the authorities herself. But until I've had a chance to question the chit, you'll mention nothing of our suspicions. Should anyone ask, all you know is that the young woman is an acquaintance of mine. Is that clear?"

"Quite clear, milord," came his doubtful reply as he gave a quick nod and skittered back out to the coach. The clatter of hooves a moment later signaled his departure.

Victor listened until the sound of the carriage had faded; then, frowning, he slowly started for the staircase. He'd been lucky, at least, in that his sister was otherwise occupied. Monique would not be fobbed off with anything less than the sort of explanation he was not yet prepared to give. As for the good doctor, a doubling of his usual fee would likely buy his silence on the matter. It had once before.

He reached the room two floors up where Peters had settled their guest, just as the butler stepped out and was closing the bedchamber door behind him.

"Everything is under control, my lord," he said in a low voice, indicating with a meaningful nod the door beyond which Monique's tiny suite of rooms lay. "I took the liberty of removing the young woman's cloak and shoes and tucking her beneath the blankets. I also lit the fire, since the room was cool, and had one of the maids fetch a pitcher and washbasin. And now, my lord, might I bring you anything—perhaps a spot of brandy—while we await the doctor's arrival?"

"Brandy would be fine," Victor absently agreed as he reached for the latch. "I will be locking the door after me, just as a precaution, so knock first when you return."

He paused, hand on the knob, for a final glance down the hall. Given her almost uncanny affinity for intrigue in any guise, he half-expected to see his sister's curly brunette head poking out from behind her door. Satisfied that her intuitive abilities had failed her tonight, Victor slipped past the door.

Halting on the threshold, he closed the door behind him and latched it . . . and then he winced, just as he did every time he entered the chamber.

For the Blue Room had been aptly named. Every possible variation on that color theme, from the palest of robin egg blues to a hue so dark it was almost purple, was represented here. From bed hangings to rugs, the monochromatic decor had been chosen with the utmost deliberation, not by some eccentric ancestress of Victor's, but by his own mother.

Helene Saville, Lady Blackstock, had occupied the room for the years prior to her and her husband's death. Blue had been her favorite color to the exclusion of any other. In a rare bout of sentimentality, Victor had decreed that the excruciating color scheme would remain intact until such time that he brought home a bride.

Not that he had anything to fear on that account tonight, he now thought with a grim smile. The woman currently occupying the bed hardly qualified for the role of earl's wife.

Inside the chamber, the blaze of a just-lit fire provided the only light. Beyond its yellow glow lay the bed. Shadows from its curtains were so deep that he could only just make out her slim form beneath the pale blue coverlet tucked almost to her chin. In welcome contrast to the abundant blue, her mane of red-gold hair spread about her and rippled over the pillow. The brilliant color beckoned him like a flame.

Moth-like, he started toward her. His booted footsteps were muffled by the cobalt blue rug beneath his feet; still, he took care to move with silence lest he disturb her rest. Reaching the foot of the bed, he paused.

He'd erred once already this night in his treatment of her. He realized now that there was something rather voyeuristic about what he was doing. Still, he could not shake himself of the compulsion, watching her as she slept.

And sleep, he now judged it to be, rather than the deathly stillness that earlier had held her. But with it came an odd sort of connection between them that went beyond simply being alone there together.

Almost without realizing it, he matched his own breathing to every soft inhalation she took. His chest rose and fell in the same shallow rhythm as hers, while faint rasps of breath passed his parted lips in regular issue. In the silence, he could hear a steady throbbing that was the echo of her heart pounding, or was it simply the rush of blood that was the sound of his own heartbeat instead?

For an instant, he wondered what it would be to find her here like this every night of his life . . . sleeping, perhaps, yet ready to awaken at his touch. Just as swiftly, he shook his head at the unlikely thought. When or if he ever married, it would be to a woman of his own class, certainly not a waif he had plucked from the streets.

How long he stood there, simply watching her, he did not know for certain. He only roused himself from this revere when a faint knock sounded. Suppressing an unwarranted frisson of irritation at the interruption, expected as it was, he lightly treaded back to the door and opened it a fraction.

Peters stood there in the hallway. A half-filled decanter and a pair of snifters were balanced on a silver tray he held, and an unctuous expression had settled upon his round face. Derek peered from around the man's narrow shoulder, looking more than a little dismayed.

"I have brought the brandy, my lord," the butler announced in a dignified whisper, "but I am afraid that Derek has returned empty-handed."

"'Ere now, 'twasn't my fault," the other man protested in a low tone, then turned his worried glance on Victor. "I went to the doctor's place right off, milord, but no one was to home. Do ye want 'ow as I should keep tryin' to find 'im?"

"I don't think that will be necessary, since our guest seems to be resting quite comfortably now. But I would have you return there to leave a message that the doctor stop by first thing upon the morrow."

"Very good, milord." Sparing the briefest look of triumph for Peters, the driver hurried to do just that.

The butler waited until the skittering footsteps died away, and then softly cleared his throat. "And what will we do about the, er, young woman, my lord? Shall I rouse one of the maids to look out for her tonight?"

"I believe that I shall keep an eye on her for a while, myself," Victor casually declared, as if the idea had just occurred to him. In truth, he had decided the moment he stepped into the room that he did not want any of the servants taking a turn with her.

Peters, meanwhile, had gone pale. Then, sputtering, he managed, "Are you c-certain, m-my lord?"

"Quite certain," he clipped out. Taking the tray from the dumbfounded Peters, he set it down on the azure blue marble pillar just inside the doorway, then addressed the man again. "I doubt that she will waken before morning, anyhow . . . but just in case, I'll leave the connecting door between the chambers open when I retire, so l can hear her if she moves about."

"As you wish, my lord. It's just that—"

He paused, and Victor frowned. "It's just that . . . what?" he prompted in a chill tone.

The butler's round cheeks reddened as candor and prudence seemingly warred within his breast. Finally he blurted in a stage whisper, "It's just that it isn't proper, my lord, not with your sister but a few steps down the hall."

Victor's first reaction was a mild flicker of irritation. Blast it all, this was his house. If he wanted to play sentry-cum-nursemaid to a dozen unconscious women, then he damned well would!

Then the import of the man's words hit, and a wave of cold anger swept him. His own butler—a man who had been with the family for a score of years—believed he was capable of forcing himself upon an injured woman.

"You can set your mind at ease, Peters," he said in a deathly soft voice. "I have no plans to compromise this or any other young woman while she is under my roof. After the doctor has paid his call tomorrow morning, I will make her presence known to the rest of the household. Until then I expect your cooperation in keeping that knowledge from everyone, especially my sister. Do I make myself clear?"

"Quite clear, my lord," came Peters's subdued reply as, with a swift bow, he turned and started back down the hall.

A muscle twitched in Victor's jaw as he deliberately closed the door again and shot home the bolt. He shed his coat and cravat, then caught up the decanter and poured himself a generous glassful. Setting aside the carafe, he claimed the overstuffed blue chair in the far corner beyond the fireplace.

He propped his booted feet on the hassock before him and downed a fortifying sip of the brandy. Even as the cheery blaze served to thaw the cold that gripped him, the smooth if potent liquid sent satisfying warmth through him that dispelled a fraction of his icy anger. Another substantial sip washed away a portion of the tension that had seized him.

In its wake came a sudden weariness that seemed to seep into his very bones. It was, he realized, the same sort of soul-draining exhaustion as had settled over him in the wake of the scandal. Time and new interests had rousted that emotion, or so he had thought.

Grimly he fought the feeling. He would stay here awhile longer, he vowed. When he'd assured himself that she would sleep through the night—and that Peters had not defied orders and spread the word of her presence—he would retire to his own chamber. Until then he would enjoy his brandy and the murmured crackling of the fire, along with the odd sort of companionship that she unknowingly had brought him.

A third swallow emptied his glass. He roused himself long enough to refill it. He was prepared to resume his chair, until his gaze lit upon the dressing table. What appeared to be a broad, slender book lay beside the woman's reticule that Derrick had rescued from the alley.

An odd item for a chit of her sort to be carrying about, he thought with a frown. Giving in to idle curiosity, he caught up the volume and settled back in his chair. He flipped open the cover to discover that it was neither text nor novel, as he had first assumed, but instead an artist's sketchbook.

As for its contents, they were decidedly gruesome.

The first drawing to catch his eye was almost a caricature. The subject was a thin man dressed in sober garb bent over a table, upon which lay a naked corpse. A shadowy audience of men—their expressions ranging from bored to angry to absorbed—watched the unlikely pair. The scene had been caught in but a few quick strokes of charcoal, yet it exuded undeniable vitality. Another drawing showed a back view of that same gentleman, his arms raised in benediction over the dead man. Still a third sketch had captured the corpse's face, eyes closed and cheeks sunken.

The remainder of the drawings were more disturbing . . . disembodied arms, legs, and torsos rendered from various angles. They reminded Victor of Leonardo's sketches, even though this artist's abilities fell far short of that master. Still, she showed unmistakable talent, along with a tendency toward whimsy. For though most of the torso drawings depicted the male genitalia in full detail, one featured an ermine-trimmed robe coyly draped over those nether regions. Another sketch showed a gnarled hand clutching an equally withered rose.

Thoughtfully Victor shut the book and glanced over at the unconscious woman. How such a collection of drawings might have come into her possession, he could not guess, save that she might have accepted them as payment for some service rendered. He could hardly picture any woman of his acquaintance coveting such pictures; still, one could never account for taste.

With a shake of his head, he put aside the book. The fire had died now to coals that gleamed like dozens of tiny red roses lit behind by the sun, so that now the entire room was bathed in shadow. Somehow he preferred it that way.

Raising the brandy snifter to his lips, Victor took another sip and commenced his vigil.





I can hardly commit this to paper, so Outlandish does it sound. . . but you must Believe that what I tell you is the literal truth. Last evening, while walking home, I was Set Upon—nay, quite nearly Murdered!— by some Fiendish Monster disgorged from the very bowels of Hell!

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





Heaven was blue?

The irreverent question was Amaryllis's first thought as she blearily opened her eyes to find she was lying upon a sumptuous bed draped with yards of turquoise silk. The coverlet was of the same bright hue, as were the half-dozen fringed pillows propped around her. Bright light streamed through the parted drapes of pale blue velvet whose hue was echoed in the wallpaper. Stenciled with a dozen gardens' worth of tiny blue roses, the pattern appeared to march like an army of petaled soldiers in quite a disconcerting fashion across that paler blue field.

She blinked a few times, and the roses subsided into their proper design. Satisfied, she snuggled deeper into the covers and smiled.

Was it not common knowledge that heaven would be nothing like one expected? This cheerful if gaudy chamber was certainly a far cry from the touted Pearly Gates, not that she had any intention of complaining to Him about the decor. It did strike her as odd, however, that the room held a distinct chill. Moreover she was thirsty—terribly so. And, embarrassingly, she felt in sudden need of a chamberpot. But no one should have such bodily concerns in heaven.

Unless, of course, she was not yet dead.

Yet she had to be. The final image that lingered in her mind was that of a man, a dark angel with pale skin and eyes the color of the night who had brandished a wicked-looking knife before her. She had seen her terrorized face reflected in that gleaming blade, had seen her own end approaching.

At the memory, she bit back a moan that was little more than a croak. Equally frightening was the hellish memory of the creature that first had attacked her. Try though she might to forget, she could not help but remember the sensation of its cold dead hands wrapped around her throat, its fingers squeezing the life from her. And its eyes had been dead, too . . . flat orbs like slivers of black mirror that revealed nothing, but merely reflected what lay beyond it.

Had the two beings—the dark angel and the demon—been one and the same? Could it be that Death had two faces, and she had been privileged to see them both? Maybe that was why she had been spared.

The possibility, though farfetched, made as much sense as anything that thus far had happened. Another memory niggled at her, but she could not seem to capture it long enough to give it voice. Instead, determined to know her true fate, she cautiously raised herself up a few inches against the pillows.

She promptly decided she must be alive. For surely those who had passed to the Beyond were not subject to such pain as she was now feeling. Her entire body ached, as if she'd been bounced about on the cobbled street. As for her throat—

She put an uncertain hand to that bruised flesh, puffed and tender beneath her fingers. Even breathing was an agony and swallowing nigh impossible. She steeled herself and tried to utter an experimental "hello," but the sound she managed was little better than a painful croak.

With the same careful gestures, she ran both hands down her arms and along her torso. She seemed to be in one piece, she decided in relief. No knife wounds rent the bodice of her bottle-green gown, though grimy streaks from where she must have lain upon the street gave her the look of a street urchin. As for her hair, it streamed in an untidy wave around her shoulders. That, if nothing else, decided her. For surely in heaven, one did not go about with one's hairpins scattered to the four winds.

So she was alive, then. Her relief at the realization was quickly tempered by a surge of doubt. Alive, yes, but where was she? And, just as importantly, how had she gotten here?

She pushed the coverlet to one side and eased her legs over the edge of the bed. Then, sweeping back the tangle of hair from her face, she glanced about her again . . . and froze.

For she was not alone in this room.

In an overstuffed blue chair in the corner opposite the elaborately carved door sprawled an unknown man, apparently asleep. That latter fact stilled the worst of her panic, so that she could take the measure of him with a small degree of calm.

The most she could discern from her vantage point was that he was dark of hair and long of limb. With his chin sunk onto his chest in sleep, his face was all but hidden by the points of his collar and the dramatic sweep of black hair across his brow.

His garb, she noted, was far more stylish than his surroundings. He must have dressed originally for an elegant evening out, for she noted the black jacket and snowy neck cloth carelessly tossed over the chair back. Now, however, he was wearing only black trousers and waistcoat, along with a white linen shirt, the top few buttons of which were scandalously unfastened. His feet, encased in gleaming black Hessians, were propped on the ottoman before him. One arm dangled over the chair's edge, the limp fingers pointing to an empty brandy snifter on the blue rug.

That last detail gave her pause.

For he was no manservant put to watch over her, she felt certain. Even in repose, this man had a decisively patrician air about him, if not the master of this particular household, then someone of similar import. The sumptuous furnishings, the lush fabrics, the exquisite furbelows, all bespoke deep if less than tasteful pockets, so that she guessed herself to be in the household of someone of distinction—a baron, perhaps, or even an earl.

But did not explain what this man was doing in her bedchamber and, from the looks of him, quite the worse for strong drink.

Swiftly she cast about for some manner of explanation. Perhaps he had stumbled across her in that ill-fated alley and, not knowing her name or direction, offered her sanctuary in his own home. As for his presence in her room, maybe he'd feared that the madman would somehow come after her. Then, growing bored with his duties as guard, maybe he had indulged in a single brandy before falling into innocent sleep.

She frowned. The scenario was not past believing, even though experience had taught her that the gentry were more likely to pass by than deign to assist a commoner in need. Still, he might indeed be her gallant.

But what if his motives had been more base? What if he had found her lying unconscious in the alleyway and carried her off for nefarious purposes of his own? Or what if he were the man who had attacked her?

A shiver raced down her spine at the possibility. She could, of course, take a closer look at him and learn the truth. Conversely she could take the coward's way out and flee now, never to know if the man were a murderous fiend or guilty only of gallantry.

Reminding herself that she already had taken one foolhardy risk this past four-and-twenty hours, she took a deep breath and opted for the coward's way.

A glance about the room showed that her boots were neatly placed beside the dressing table in the opposite corner, atop which her reticule lay. Her cloak had been draped across a chair near the fireplace, where the remains of the previous night's blaze gave off the barest hint of warmth. Of her sketchbook, however, she saw no sign. Doubtless her hard-won collection of anatomical drawings had been left behind in that anonymous alley.

Disappointment welled in her breast at their loss. The emotion was greater for the fact she could not be certain when the next such opportunity as last night's exhibition would again be available to her. She consoled herself with the knowledge that she was lucky, after all, to be alive. Little good a library's worth of anatomical sketches would do her tucked away for all eternity in St. Pancras's churchyard!

Her bottle-green skirts whispered against the silken coverlet as Amaryllis eased her way off the bed. She made her way on tiptoe toward the dressing table, passing as she did so the closed door with its large brass key left in the lock. Beside the door, she noted, was a marble pillar upon which sat an empty brandy decanter and a second snifter.

Had he presumed that, upon awakening, she might require a fortifying sip? she wondered with a frown. Or had he been expecting yet another visitor to join them?

Shaking off the question, she continued toward the dressing table. The carpet beneath her stockinged feet muffled her steps; still, she kept a wary eye on her unwitting guard, lest he stir.

It was the glimpse of her own reflection in the dressing table mirror that almost was her undoing. Choking back a gasp, she stared in shock at the livid pattern of bruises on her throat. Distinctly she saw each imprint, larger than a crown piece, where brutish fingers had tried to crush the life from her. No wonder she had lost her voice, she thought with a horrified shiver.

Spurred to haste by the sight, she took but a moment to reclaim her boots and pull them on again, then grab up her reticule. Then she shot an uncertain glance at her cloak. The chair over which it was draped sat before the fireplace, halfway across the room . . . and an arm's length away from the man who might or might not be her last night's attacker.

Leave it, the coward's voice spoke up. Why risk awakening him, when she could simply slip into the outer hall and flee the house, with him none the wiser? After all, it was but a length of drab brown wool.

But how will you explain its loss to Father? her practical voice wanted to know. Besides which, the walk home will likely be nippy, and you hardly have cloaks to spare.

This time, sternness of mind won out. Hardly daring to breathe, she started toward the fireplace and the garment that dangled there like the trampled banner of a conquered army.

It was a journey of perhaps a dozen paces, though each seemed the distance of a paddock. By the time she reached the mantelpiece, a fine beading of sweat pearled her forehead. Yet the man had not stirred, though to her ears every step she'd taken had echoed like an empty church. Bolstered by this tiny triumph, she stretched out a hesitant hand, her fingers closing on the worn wool. Then, deftly, she eased the garment from the chair.

It wasn't until after she had slipped on the cloak and spared a final glance in the sleeping man's direction that she noticed it . . . her precious sketchbook, propped upon his lap.

On his lap!

Her relief that her work had not been lost, after all, was promptly supplanted by a surge of outrage. Even Talbot had never been allowed to see her works in progress, yet this complete stranger apparently had passed a portion of his evening thumbing through her sketches!

But barely had she acknowledged her anger than it dwindled into despair. Leaving behind the drawings was unthinkable, yet how could she retrieve the volume without disturbing him?

A corner of her mind chided herself for turning the task into a veritable Drury Lane melodrama. How much simpler it would be to awaken her host, kindly ask him to return her property and then, with a word of thanks, be on her way. But the risks if she judged wrongly, if the man turned out to be the demon she had met in the fog . . .

Sternness of mind, she silently reminded herself. The choice made, she drew the cloak more tightly about her to prevent the errant fabric from brushing against him. Then, brow furrowed and lower lip caught between her teeth in concentration, she reached out an unsteady hand.

One edge of the book's spine had slid off the man's knee, so that it would be an easy enough matter to grasp the wide volume. More difficult would prove the task of removing it from his lap. Should she ease it from him in careful stages, she wondered, or retrieve it in a single swift move?

The latter, she boldly decided as her fingers closed over its edge.

To her immense astonishment, the man never stirred, not even when the edge of her cloak brushed his Hessians despite her caution. She straightened and shut her eyes in a brief gesture of relief. Then, tucking the slim volume beneath her arm, she turned on silent feet to leave.

Barely had she taken a step, however, than she heard a low, strangled gasp from behind her.

"No, not again," rasped a man's hoarse voice an instant later, those few words laced with anger and despair.

Choking back her own gasp, she spun about to see that her ersatz host had straightened in his chair. A second groan issued from him as he scrubbed both palms across his face in an attempt to banish the last vestiges of sleep. Then, seemingly reconciled to wakefulness, he lowered his hands and abruptly met her gaze. Eyes wide in disbelief, Amaryllis stared back.

Dear God, it's he.

Swiftly she took in the man's familiar features. Black hair, black eyes, pale skin. It was not the face of the corpselike demon but, rather, the sinfully handsome visage of the dark angel. And he was here alone with her!

Her attempt at a scream tore forth from her bruised throat in a croak of horror, and she started toward the door at a dead run. A heartbeat later, she heard the muffled thud of booted feet that was the dark angel abandoning his chair and giving chase.

Terror lent her a gazelle's fleetness. Brushing past the marble column stationed there, she reached the door before her pursuer. She gave a sob of relief and twisted the knob only to discover that the room's sole exit had been barred.

Frantic, she wrenched at the key left protruding from the lock, scarce noticing when her notebook slipped from her grasp and skittered to the floor. She heard the welcome click of well-oiled metal as the tumblers fell into place. She caught the knob again and gave it another turn. This time the door sprang obediently open.

And then two well-manicured hands, one splayed on either side of her, slammed against that carved wood panel to shut it once more.

She stood where she was, fingers still clutching the knob as she struggled to understand that her only means of escape was cut off. It took a moment longer for her to realize that, worse, the fiend had trapped her in his embrace.

She choked back a horrified moan. His chest was all but pressed to her back, while on either side of her, a long arm encased in tailored white linen barred her way. She could feel the heat of his body, warmth emanating from him like a well-stoked furnace. She could breathe in his very scent that was equal parts expensive brandy and fine-milled soap mingled with the faint if unmistakably male scent of his flesh.

It occurred to her then that the man would likely now finish the job that he had started the night before. Perhaps that was why the Demon's victims had been found well after their disappearances. Perhaps he had captured all of them alive and then killed them elsewhere.

Even as that terrifying thought formed, she felt the dark angel's warm breath upon her neck. In a steel-edged voice, he demanded, "And just where in the bloody hell did you think you were going?"





The prosaic question restored Amaryllis to a bit of sanity. She pressed a hand to her breast in a reflexive attempt to slow her wildly thrumming heart. Taking a steadying breath, she turned around.

Her fearful gaze collided with the man's collar, scandalously undone. He was taller than she had realized, the top of her head just reaching his shoulder. As for his pose, it eerily mirrored that of a lover, the way he hovered over her with a familiarity that she'd never allowed any other man. He stood so close that she could make out the dark stubble roughening his chin and the amber blot on his snowy shirt-front where he must have splashed brandy the night before.

"l suppose that I will have to do all the talking," she heard him say, "since I suspect from those nasty bruises on your lovely throat that you'd have trouble carrying on a conversation. I will presume, however, that your hearing is unaffected."

I am just fine, she tried to retort with cool dignity, but the words came out in a pitiful croak. Frustrated, she managed instead a curt nod by way of reply and raised her gaze higher.

She lingered a moment on his firm yet sensual lips, so different from the cruel, slack mouth of last night's demon creature. His were the lips of a rake, a roué, the sort of lips from which would spill sweet lies designed to ensnare an unwitting female, the sort of lips that had kissed and conquered any number of women.

And what would it be like to kiss such a man, the idle question flashed through her mind, heaven or hell?

Shocked by the wanton thought, she jerked her gaze up to meet his eyes. No soulless orbs, these eyes were instead alive with cool intelligence, seeming to probe her thoughts and fears as casually as she might page through the latest novel. Far more unnerving, however, was the flicker of sensual interest she saw beneath the pose of indifference.

Then an emotion she could not identify flashed through those dark eyes. He reached a hand toward her, and she glimpsed a heavy gold ring adorning it just before he brushed his fingers along her bruised flesh.

Recalling the cold, dead hands of the demon creature wrapping around her throat, she tried to pull away. The door at her back blocked her retreat, however, leaving her no choice but to endure his touch.

Yet it was not so much a touch as it was a caress. Unlike the Demon's hand, his was warm with life. And despite the elegant ring he wore, his was not the soft, smooth flesh of an aristocrat, but the work worn hand of a laborer. As he drew his fingers back, she could see those digits were crisscrossed with several scratches, as if he habitually toyed with some small, clawed beast.

"What a shame to mar such a work of beauty," he murmured, and it took her an instant to realize he referred to the bruises on her throat. "I wish I might have spared you this."

Spared her, indeed! A frisson of anger swept her, dispelling her momentary confusion. No doubt his plans were to dispatch her, here and now. But she would not make things easy for him, she vowed. Defiantly she raised her chin and then sent her open palm careening toward his stubbled cheek.

He must have read something of her intent in her expression. In a single deft move, he caught her wrist in his free hand just before she contacted his face. She winced at the sudden, cruel pressure of his fingers, regretting the impulse that had spurred her puny attack against him. No doubt she had sealed her fate with that mutinous act.

And then his grip on her eased, while cool amusement lightened his dark gaze. In a deliberate gesture, he lowered her hand to her side, his fingers still encircling her wrist as he favored her with a wry look.

"Quite the red-haired vixen, are we not? I rather suspect I am lucky that you are speechless, as well, for the moment."

Then the humor died from his eyes. "And now I think we need to sort through what happened last night . . . that is, if you will grant me a moment to speak without your trying to run away or pummel me again."

Sort through? She stared up at him in disbelief. She knew quite well what had happened, remembered all too clearly the knife he had held at her throat. How he could hope to explain away such villainy, she could not guess, but neither did she care to listen to his lies.

Then her practical inner voice spoke up. Indulge him. Let him believe that you've given up, and perhaps he will lower his guard.

Cautiously she nodded her agreement, schooling her expression to blandness as she cast about for some sort of weapon. All she need do was find some way to distract him, disable him, and then she could be out the door.

She was rewarded when, releasing his hold on her, the man lowered his other arm and took a few steps back.

"There, much better," he said, raising both hands in mock surrender. "So now let me begin by telling you that, contrary to what you obviously believe, I have no dishonorable intentions toward you. Neither did I try to murder you last night, although someone else apparently did make such an attempt. I merely had the misfortune to find you lying in an alleyway. At first glance, I presumed you dead—hence, the knife."

When she raised her eyebrows in silent alarm, he gave her the barest hint of a smile.

"I believe that the standard test to ascertain whether or not an unconscious person is breathing is to put a mirror to his lips," he explained. "As I had no such convenient item upon my person, the blade had to suffice. And since I knew neither your identity nor your direction, I thought it best to bring you home with me so you might recover from your attack in some degree of comfort. If you care to know, you are in Hanover Square, some distance from where I found you."

Hanover Square.

A fashionable address in an area given over to the peerage, and quite the proper place. As for his explanation, it, too, was reasonable enough. Indeed his was far more conceivable a scenario than that of two separate persons—him and the Demon creature—each attacking her upon the very same night. Yet his story seemed a trifle too neat, too glib. Moreover she sensed beneath his bland exterior some darker emotion, something that sent a superstitious shiver running through her.

All at once, she was certain that he was lying or, at the very least, omitting some important portion of the truth.

"I do hope that explanation satisfies you," he added. Then, a knife-edge of steel hardening his matter-of-fact tone, he finished, "And I trust that, once you regain your powers of speech, you'll not go about the city trying to convince people that the respectable Earl of Blackstock is in truth the notorious Barkshire Demon."

The Earl of Blackstock, was he?

She gave a quick nod of agreement to his last words, even as she edged closer to the marble column stationed at the door. Just because he was Quality did not preclude his being a cold-blooded murderer . . . nor did his attempt to fob off this innocuous tale on her mean that he did not plan, after all, to kill her.

But even as she came to this conclusion, satisfaction flickered in his dark eyes. "I knew I could count on you to be a sensible sort," he said, his tone wry though the words were approving. Then, with a host's polite aplomb, he gestured toward the chair that he had just vacated.

"Do take a seat," he offered and turned in that direction. "I'll stir up the fire a bit, and then ring for a bite of breakfast. And you should know that I left word last night for my personal physician to stop by and attend you as soon as possible this morning. In the meantime, however, perhaps we should—"

What he intended them to do, Amaryllis was not to find out. The moment he turned from her, she snatched up the decanter from the marble column. Not stopping to consider the consequences, she smashed that vessel against the back of Blackstock's head.

He dropped to his knees amid a gentle rain of crystal shards and fine brandy. Then, with a groan, his lordship collapsed onto the bright blue carpet and lay still.

Amaryllis stared down at his supine form, the broken neck of the decanter still clutched in her hand. From this vantage point, the man looked far less threatening, almost defenseless. Had she killed him, she wildly wondered, or merely rendered him unconscious? Her intent, after all, had been but to gain her freedom, not commit murder.

Frantic, she tossed aside the remains of the decanter and dropped to her own knees beside him. She ignored both the broken glass and the inner voice that asked why she worried over a man who might well be a killer. A quick look assured her that he was breathing; still, blood gleamed in a crimson patch against his dark hair, proof that she indeed had dealt him a serious injury.

But what else could you do? she sternly reminded herself. Certainly he would have shown her no mercy. Her concern should be fleeing the house before anyone else took note of her presence, not ministering to this villain. Besides which, had he not just mentioned that he'd already summoned his physician? Doubtless the good doctor would be as happy to prescribe for his lordship as for she.

Oddly reassured by the thought that Blackstock would be attended to, she scrambled to her feet again and pulled open the door a few inches. The hall beyond, she saw in relief, was blessedly deserted.

With the same care, she slipped through the doorway and into the corridor. She paused there long enough to reach back around the door's edge and grasp the oversized brass key. That accomplished, she pushed the door quietly shut again and locked it from without, then shoved the key into her reticule.

Let him see how he likes being held prisoner, she thought with a triumphant nod. Now, even should her host regain consciousness before she made her escape, he would be hard-pressed to follow after her.

The room in which she'd been ensconced lay at one corner of this floor. Other doors led to what she presumed were additional bedchambers. Opposite her lay a broad spiral staircase, the landing of which was rimmed by elaborately carved balustrades. Likely she was at least two floors up from ground level, which meant she had any number of steps with which to contend. Still, chances were that this town house, though larger than many she'd seen, was laid out in the usual simple lines. She need not fear losing herself in a warren of odd hallways and unexpected chambers common to country estates.

Mindful of squeaking boards that bedeviled even the finest of establishments, she reached the staircase without incident. There she crouched level with the balustrade and peered through the gracefully turned dowels. A series of white marble steps stretched below her. Halfway down lay a second landing, where the stairway split into a pair of swanlike curves that extended to the ground floor. From her vantage point, she could see no sign of any other household member moving about.

Sternness of mind, she faintly repeated the comforting litany. Conscious of the seconds ticking by, she opted now for speed, rather than for stealth. She caught up the hem of her gown lest she trip herself; then, with a final steadying breath, she started down the steps at a dead run.

The clatter of her sensible boots upon the marble rang like shod hooves upon cobble, loud enough to rouse even the dullest servants from their early morning tasks. She was dismayed but not surprised, then, when she heard the answering echo of someone else's hasty footsteps drifting up to her from the sumptuous foyer.

"Here now, young woman, what is going on here?" demanded a pinched, unfamiliar male voice some distance away.

Barely had Amaryllis reached the bottom of the stairway than she glimpsed the source of those disapproving words. He came trotting with undignified haste from one of the foyer's half-dozen doorways, a shiny-faced man of middle years dressed in a butler's sober garb. Heart pounding, she paused an instant to catch her breath and take the measure of him.

Was the man but an innocent servant, she frantically wondered, or was he instead a willing minion bound to do his master's evil bidding?

In the next moment, the butler spotted her and halted. Wittingly or not, he stood between her and the broad pair of carved doors that she knew must lead to the street beyond—and to freedom.

His look of distrustful recognition warned her that he was not surprised by her presence there; however, he did not appear unduly alarmed at the fact that she was still counted among the living. At the very least, then, he must know of the earl's penchant for bringing home unknown women.

Whether he was privy to his master's darker proclivities, she could not guess but certainly she dared not trust him.

"Here now, young woman," the man repeated in the same reproving tones, "you cannot go bounding about his lordship's town house like this. I suggest that you return to your chamber at once to await the physician's arrival."

Physician.

Amaryllis frowned. The earl, she recalled, also had mentioned summoning a doctor, but to what end? This unknown person might as easily drug her into submission as act the role of rescuer. Chances were that the good doctor was situated comfortably if figuratively in the earl's waistcoat pocket. Even if she could convince the man that her life was in danger, he likely would turn a blind eye to her plight.

She had but one choice, then, to flee this house.

Even as she prepared to evade the butler, a faint if unmistakably enraged thudding drifted down to them from two floors up. Blackstock must have regained his senses and was trying to summon aid, she realized.

The angry pounding served to distract the butler. Well-bred distress was plain upon his face as he debated which was the wiser course—checking out the disturbance above or detaining her as doubtless were his orders.

Amaryllis gave him no time to make up his mind but rushed toward the entry door. By the time the butler realized what she was about, she had grasped the shiny brass knob and twisted it.

"Stop . . . what will his lordship say?" came the man's agitated cry as, cloak a swirl, she darted out into the crisp morning and slammed the door after her.

She paused on the stoop just long enough to take in the scene before her—an elegant, well-tended square, blessedly bustling with liveried servants and carriages, lined on all four sides with elegant town houses. In the midst of that splendor sat a hired hackney parked but a few yards from her down the cobbled street, as if waiting her instructions.

She started toward that vehicle at an undignified run, though she did pause once to glance behind her. Doubtless she would be directing a constable to this very spot in the near future, so that she should be quite certain as to just where it was that Blackstock lived.

His town house was a tasteful, three-story residence similar to, if larger than, its neighbors. Like the rest, only a few steps separated it from the broad lane that it overlooked. Painted a discreet shade of cream trimmed in brown, its only distinguishing characteristic was the brass number affixed to one side of its front door.

Thirteen.

A grimly appropriate address for such a man, she thought with a shiver as she reached the coach. With an effort, she summoned voice enough to croak out her direction to the bemused driver. "And do hurry," she finished with a final frantic look behind her. No one was in pursuit as yet, she saw in relief.

The hackney driver's doubtful expression vanished with the coins that she plucked from her reticule. She had just settled inside before he whipped up his team and they began clattering down the road. It was only when Amaryllis was in sight of St. Pancras's Church and home that she realized she had not quite made a clean escape.

Her sketchbook, with its pages of precious drawings, had been left behind . . . hostage to the dark angel.





How I escaped the Fiend's lair is another tale in itself, but suffice it to say, my dear Friend, that I am safe . . . at least, for the moment. Now my task must be to learn what I can of this man and his doings, so that I might determine whether it is he or that soulless creature that is the Scourge of our city.

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





"She coshed you with a brandy decanter?"

Her tone incredulous, Lady Monique gazed up with wide, dark eyes at her older brother. Then, sidestepping the sprinkling of broken crystal that had yet to be cleared up, she unceremoniously shoved aside his valet. Moresdale, who was holding a damp compress to the back of his master's head, relinquished his post with only a modicum of poor grace.

Still unsteady on his feet, Victor was in no position to protest as Monique rose up on tiptoe and took a look at his injury for herself. Inwardly, though, he cringed at the indignity of it all. Here he had rescued the red-haired chit from likely death, and she repaid him by turning on him like the proverbial serpent.

Thankfully, it had been Moresdale who had first responded to his heated calls for assistance. Every bedchamber on the third floor could be opened by the same key, so it had proved an easy matter for the man to gain entrance. Upon unlocking the Blue Room, the valet had been greeted by the sight of Victor clutching the doorjamb to steady himself, while blood dripped with a rather ghastly rhythm down the back of his fine linen shirt.

The former boxer had promptly struck an offensive posture as he glanced about the chamber for whatever villains had overcome his master. Remembering that the valet had not been privy to last night's events, Victor had gritted his teeth and assured the man that no gang of thugs had broken into the town house. Then, alternating between hot outrage and keen embarrassment, he had gone on to explain about the mysterious woman he'd rescued.

Moresdale had listened with interest, agreeing with Victor that it would likely do no good to pursue the chit. "She's long gone by now, milord, and ye're well rid o' 'er, any 'ow," the man had opined as he splashed a bit of water into the washbasin and caught up a clean towel.

A muffled shriek from a passing maid in the hallway had cut short the valet's comments and set Victor's head to throbbing even worse. With a few curt words, Moresdale had sent the frightened girl off in search of Peters and Derek. That accomplished, the valet had set to mopping the blood from the back of Victor's skull.

"A flush hit to the nob, milord," he had diagnosed in pugilist's cant, "but 'tain't a fatal blow. E'en so, 'tis a nasty scalp wound, which is why ye're bleedin' like a butchered goose at Christmastide."

By that time, the commotion had drawn a yawning Monique to the Blue Room door. Neither man had been able to shoo her off. Her threats to call in a constable finally had compelled Victor to give her an account of what had passed last night and this morning, up to and including his unfortunate encounter with the business end of the brandy decanter.

Now he heard his sister's faint gasp as she took in his bloodied appearance. Her rare show of sisterly concern almost made worthwhile his pain . . . almost. For that gratifying response was followed by a gurgle of musical laughter as she pranced by him to settle herself in the same blue armchair where he'd spent the past night.

"Why, she truly did do you a bit of damage," the girl exclaimed as she smoothed the bright yellow silk of her dressing gown. "Indeed, I've been tempted to try the same with you any number of times the past two years, but I fear I am far too civilized to carry through with my plans."

She tossed her dark curls and laughed again. An echoing peal of humor uncannily similar to hers issued from the plump, red-and-gray-feathered parrot jauntily perched upon her slim shoulder.

Victor shot both the bird—Wilhelm, by name—and his owner a baleful look. He'd long since quit expecting even a pretense of respect from his sibling, but he'd be damned if he'd let a talking feather-duster play him for the fool.

"It's hardly a joking matter," he hotly countered, then winced as his emphatic tone sent another wave of pain through his skull. Biting back a curse, he snatched the compress from the hovering Moresdale and dismissed the man with a gesture. He waited until the valet was out of earshot before he addressed Monique again.

"I'll have you know, I was unconscious for several minutes. Hell, the wench could have killed me, and where would that have left you?"

"Free to do as I please, brother mine," came her saucy reply, far too pert for a chit of sixteen years. "But given that hard head of yours, I am certain that you were in no danger of dying, though it would have served you quite right. Whatever possessed you, bringing a fallen woman off the streets and into our home?"

"Whatever possessed you?" Wilhelm primly echoed, with a tsking sound reminiscent of Peters in a disapproving mood.

Victor clenched his jaw. One day soon, he would bribe Cook into making a small substitution the next time she served up her famous squab pie.

"I don't know that she was a 'fallen woman.'" This was in answer to Monique's question, rather than her pet's, though both regarded him with identical bright interest. "Hell, I don't even know her name. All I know is that I could hardly leave her lying in the street, not after she survived an attack by the Barkshire Demon."

"The Barkshire Demon?" Monique straightened in her seat, the amusement draining from her expression. "That is who tried to kill her, then?"

"I'm only guessing, but it seems a logical deduction. She is an attractive young woman; she was out on the streets alone; it was a foggy night."

"No wonder the poor creature was half out of her mind!" the girl exclaimed and gave an exaggerated shiver. Then she frowned. "Why, your mystery woman might be the sole person in the city to know the killer's true identity. Did she not even hint as to who he is?"

"Unfortunately, she was either too frightened or in too much pain to speak. Judging from the bruises on her throat where the fiend must have seized her, I would presume it was the latter, since she proved quite brave enough to make an escape from here. At any rate, we did not discuss a list of possible suspects."

Which was just as well, he sourly reflected, given that his own name likely would have topped her roster.

For her part, the garrulous Monique—who had never in her sixteen years suffered from any similar such loss of vocal power—looked properly appalled at the thought of the woman's injuries. "I cannot imagine such a thing. But just think, Vic, had she been able to talk, you might have been the one to solve these horrid crimes."

"I would rather doubt that. Assuming that she even saw who attacked her, chances were that she would not be able to put a name to his face."

"But surely she would recognize him should they ever meet again," the girl persisted. "Why, you could have driven her about the city each night searching for likely suspects. Of course, you would have had to wear disguises, and I could have come along to allay suspicion—"

"Begging pardon, my lord," Peters's subdued voice from the hallway interrupted, "but the doctor is belowstairs. Should I show him up, or do you prefer to go down?"

Victor favored the butler with a sour look. Peters had already made a previous appearance on the scene to dolefully admit how he had let the red-haired woman make good her escape. Only the fact that Victor himself had been outwitted by the chit had kept him from sacking the servant on the spot.

"Send him on up," Victor now decreed in answer to Peters's question, and then turned to his sister. "I'll see my physician alone, if you don't mind. Go on, now, and take that feathered monstrosity with you."

"But I—"

"Go."

He stabbed a finger in the direction of the open door, the gesture sending another wave of pain through his skull. Manfully, he ignored the sensation and watched while Monique flounced her indignant way out of the chamber. Wilhelm, still perched on her shoulder, cocked a bright eye in his direction.

"A joking matter," the bird solemnly opined and then gave another silvery laugh that echoed down the hallway.

Victor resisted the urge to slam the door after the pair. Instead he settled back in the blue armchair to await the doctor's appearance, recalling as he did so what had happened the previous night after he had set aside the sketchbook.

He'd not intended to fall asleep last night; rather he had planned to keep watch over his mysterious charge until she awakened the next morning. But the effect of the brandy combined with the cheerful crackling of the fire had proved a powerful soporific. Before he had realized what was happening, he had dozed off, the volume with its pages of unsettling images forgotten on his knee.

Unfortunately his few hours of sleep had proved anything but restful.

Even now Victor found himself fighting off a sense of unease as he recalled snatches of his fitful dreams. For the most part, they had consisted of kaleidoscopic images of human body parts—hands, feet, heads, torsos—all torn straight from the pages of the sketchbook he earlier had perused. Interspersed with these bloodless if gruesome figments had been the even more disquieting images of the red-haired woman whom he'd rescued.

Rather than bruised and unconscious, she had been vibrantly, tantalizingly awake. Her flame-and-gold hair spilled about her shoulders like a sunset as, laughing, she had beckoned to him. Yet every time he drew closer, she danced out of reach like a playful chestnut filly unwilling to be bridled. At last, his dream self had proved swift enough to seize her, only to have her dissolve like mist in his arms.

Even as he had mourned his loss, another woman appeared in her place. The image was one he'd seen in his dreams time and again these past months, one he had striven to forget . . . that of a young, once-pretty female whose bloody, battered visage was the savage work of a man's fists. Her blood was on his hands, her death on his conscience, and even in his sleep he knew she did not rest easily.

It had been the dead woman's cries that had awakened him. And then his sleep-blurred gaze had met that of the red-haired woman, awake and standing before him, and he had forgotten everything but her. But barely had their gazes locked than he had seen the fear in her eyes. She had fled, he had pursued, and things promptly had gone from bad to worse.

"Good morning, my lord," came a man's voice from the corridor, the words returning Victor to the present.

He glanced up to see framed in the doorway the soberly garbed figure of Talbot Meeks, his personal physician. At the sight of him, Victor managed a faint smile and gestured him in.

"Ah, yes, Dr. Meeks. It would seem I have summoned you here under false pretenses," he said, as the man made his bows. "You see, I had another patient waiting for you earlier, but it appears I am now the one in need of your care."

"So I see, my lord."

With those smooth words of agreement, the man set down his leather satchel on the blue marble pillar and began removing his worn frock coat. As always he exuded an air of cool competence at odds with the swagger and bluster that was second nature to numerous of his colleagues.

Indeed, he rather reminded Victor of a cleric, with his high forehead and sunken cheeks that bespoke late hours and forgotten meals. As for the rest of the man's features, they were pleasant enough if unremarkable . . . that was, save for a pair of cool, assessing gray eyes that could size up a man with a keen accuracy belied by his mild demeanor. It had been Meeks that Victor had summoned the night of Jane Belfleur's murder, confident that the man would prove closed mouthed as a Papist confessor in the handling of the matter. Victor's confidence—and his coin—had not been misplaced.

"Peters and Moresdale advised me of the general situation," the doctor now continued as he set aside his jacket. "If I understand correctly, last night you rescued an unfortunate young woman from the streets. You brought her home with you to recover, only to have her take a most unceremonious leave of you this morning. And now, my lord, if I might make a brief examination of your injury . . .."

A moment later, Meeks stepped back and gave Victor an appraising look.

"A distressing wound, milord. Still, since the bleeding has ceased and you do not appear to have suffered a concussion, I would predict a swift and uneventful recovery with no further efforts required on my part. Of course, if you wish, I can send over a surgeon to stitch you up."

"That won't be necessary," Victor hastened to assure him. In the course of his military career, he'd seen too much of the sort of butchery that such men performed for him to willingly fall under a surgeon's care. Though a handful of that profession were gifted healers, too many more were ill-trained and tended to hack away at a man at the slightest provocation.

Meeks nodded. The barest hint of a smile that played on his thin lips indicated he knew the direction of Victor's thoughts and concurred.

"Very good, my lord."

He returned to his satchel and plucked forth a small paper packet, which he set on the marble pillar beside the unused brandy snifter. "This powder will ease the worst of your discomfort. For the next two mornings and nights, add a spoonful or so to a glass of water and drink the mixture. If it brings no measurable relief, send me word and I will have an apothecary bring around something a bit more potent. I will, of course, inform Moresdale to keep a close watch on you for a time, just in case. And now, my lord, might I be of any further service?"

Victor started to shake his head, and then paused. While awaiting rescue earlier, he had noticed a familiar slim volume lying forgotten on the carpet beside the door. Oddly unwilling to let anyone else in the household besides himself view the collection of gruesome images, he had secreted the sketchbook beneath the chair moments before Moresdale unlocked the door.

Now, however, it occurred to him that the good doctor might be the one to shed some light as to what those drawings meant.

Whether or not they had any connection to the woman, he could not say. If they could help him track down the chit, however, so much the better. His head still throbbing, he got to his feet and searched beneath the seat cushion.

"There is one favor I might ask of you," he replied and plucked forth the volume. "Our mysterious young woman had this in her possession. I wonder what you might make of it."

With an obliging nod, Meeks took the proffered sketchbook and flipped it open. Barely had he scanned the first page, however, than he shut the volume with a hasty little snap.

"This appears to be a collection of anatomical drawings, perhaps belonging to a student from the Royal Academy, or even a physician in training. Doubtless it was lost by someone else earlier and coincidentally turned up alongside this young woman of yours. Or perhaps the chit found the volume on the street, herself, and hoped to sell it to the rag man for a few cents. At any rate, I cannot see how these drawings have any but the most superficial connection to her."

By now Victor had come to much the same conclusion. Before he could point out as much, however, the doctor went on. "Would you mind telling me in greater detail, my lord, just how you happened upon this woman, and in what state you found her? The information does have a bearing upon the situation, I assure you," he hurried to add when Victor lifted a questioning brow at this bit of impertinence.

Succinctly Victor related events from the time that Derek first had halted the carriage until the girl's flight from the manor house an hour before. The doctor listened, his lean features taut and gray gaze intense.

"And her appearance, my lord. Would you mind giving me a description of her?"

A battered rose, was his first instinctive response, recalling her petal-soft skin, brutally bruised, and the glorious red of her hair. Putting aside poetry, he instead gave the doctor a dry recitation of her features.

"And you say that when you found her, my lord, she was unconscious?"

"She regained her senses only for a moment as I stood over her, and then fell back into a swoon." No need to mention that it had been the sight of his wielding a knife practically in her face that had provoked the chit's reaction.

"So she never gave you any description of her attacker," the doctor persisted, "not even this morning when she awakened?"

"There was no opportunity for such discussion—besides which, the nature of her injuries was such that she appeared unable to speak," he opined, going on to describe for the doctor the extent of her bruises.

Thoughtfully Meeks nodded. "And have you perhaps formed your own opinion as to who her assailant might have been?"

Victor started to shake his head, only to pause. Something in the doctor's carefully worded questions had begun to send a ripple of unease down his spine. It was almost as if Meeks knew the attacker's identity, or else thought he did. And suddenly he realized in what direction the man's suspicions were headed.

"Wait, you think I was the one who assaulted her?" Victor choked out.

Though Talbot Meeks was the one living person who had reason to believe him capable of such actions, he had paid dearly enough for the man's discretion not to be subjected to such accusations in his own home!

Something flickered in Meeks's gray eyes—not so much understanding as the cool sort of pity a physician reserved for his less tractable patients.

"To the contrary, my lord, I am quite convinced that you are but an innocent party to this madness," he smoothly countered. "Had you any evil intent, you certainly would not have gathered a host of witnesses who could connect you with the young woman in question. Rather my concern is for her."

"So you think she could identify her assailant, then?"

"It would seem likely." The doctor paused, his gray eyes narrowing. "You have heard mention, I suppose, of a brutal killer dubbed by the scandal sheets as the Barkshire Demon?"

At Victor's nod, he went on. "I have followed the accounts of these murders, purely from a scientific point of view, of course. If the stories are correct, the injuries suffered by the past victims all seem quite similar and by their nature would indicate that the women had found themselves face-to-face with their attacker. The description you gave of the injuries suffered by the young woman you rescued is consistent with those of the Demon's other victims . . . only this victim managed to escape him."

"And if she knows who the Demon is," Victor slowly finished for him, "then her life might yet be in danger."

"Which is why I intend to run the young woman to ground. It will be but a simple matter to make the rounds of the charity hospitals and gin mills—places in which you would not care to set foot, my lord—and see if I cannot discover someone of her description marked by such bruises as you have noted. If I learn anything of use, I will certainly inform both you and the proper authorities. And now, my lord," he finished, gathering up his satchel and tucking the sketchbook beneath one arm, "if I might take my leave..."

"One moment, Dr. Meeks. I believe that, by default, I am now the owner of those drawings."

The man's expression was impassive as he relinquished the volume. "Forgive me, my lord. I had thought to attempt to locate whoever it was who lost the sketchbook. Such a collection, while of little use to yourself, would prove a sad loss to its owner."

"Even so, I find myself fancying the book."

Victor gave an idle flip through pages, pausing at one or another clever rendering of the anatomy lesson. The good doctor did have a point. He would be doing its legitimate owner no service by keeping the volume himself.

He paused, however, at one sketch . . . that of the worn hand clutching a faded rose. Perhaps it was just that particular flower that intrigued him, or maybe it was the sad symbolism he read into the drawing as a whole. Whatever the reason, he found himself impulsively tearing that page from the book. Then, with a wry shake of his head, he handed the volume back over.

"Ah, well, perhaps you are right," he conceded. "However, I trust you do not begrudge me a souvenir of my adventure."

"Certainly not, my lord," Meeks replied in an equally smooth tone. "And I am sure that some luckless young surgeon will indeed thank you for keeping the balance of the drawings safe. And now, my lord, good day."

Victor waited until the man, with a final bow, pulled the door shut behind him. Then, his battered skull forgotten for the moment, he settled once again in the blue chair.

Would Meeks find the red-haired woman? The odds of his stumbling across her in some dockside tavern seemed poor, at best. Chances were better that the chit simply would lead the authorities back to him. No doubt she would do just that, if she believed him responsible for the attack on her. Hell, he might as well resign himself to waiting for a constable to show up on his doorstep and accuse him of being the Barkshire Demon.

Unless, of course, he had her arrested first.

The idea was not without its appeal. He could accomplish two tasks at once—satisfy his curiosity as to her identity, and saddle her with an appropriate bit of punishment for the literal blow she had dealt him. For, intriguing female or not, she damn well couldn't go around battering peers of the realm.

A moment later, however, he dismissed the notion. For better or worse, the woman was now out of his life. Nothing would be served by pursuing her, save drawing an unwanted connection between him and the Barkshire Demon murders. That was the last thing he needed. Let Meeks find her, if he would. As for himself, his responsibility for the chit was at an end.

The decision made, Victor rose and made his slightly unsteady way over to the pillar. He caught up the packet the doctor had left behind and dumped a portion of its contents into the brandy snifter. The water promptly turned an alarming if appropriate shade of blue.

"Sweet Christ," he muttered and shook his head. With a mock toast to his like-colored surroundings, he tossed down the potion in a single swallow. Then, shuddering at its bitterness—foul as the draught tasted, it better cure his headache—he started back toward his own rooms.

It wasn't until he had closed his bedchamber door behind him that he realized he still clutched the drawing of the gnarled hand with its wilted rose. He stared at it a moment, wondering just what it was about the sketch that drew him. And then it occurred to him that perhaps this was a glimpse of what was to come. The unknown artist somehow had captured on paper Victor's own future—old and alone, save for his roses.

With a muttered curse, he crumpled the sketch in his fist and tossed it aside. Doubtless such morbid fancies were simply a result of the drug taking hold. Though the throbbing of his skull had begun to abate, he was feeling decidedly light-headed.

Not bothering to strip off yesterday's clothes, he climbed onto his bed and settled against the pillows. Sleep claimed him almost immediately . . . and when he finally dreamed, it was of red roses.





"Bloody Resurrection men struck last night, they did."

With that aggrieved announcement, Ezra Meeks clomped his way into the tiny parlor where his daughter awaited him. Amaryllis winced at the trail of fresh grave dirt he left behind on the threadbare carpet but held her tongue on that particular subject. Instead she tugged her shawl a bit higher around her bruised throat and assumed an expression of unfeigned concern.

"Again, Father?" she replied, her voice still twisted by an unmistakable croak. "Why, that is the third time in as many weeks. I thought you were to post a guard."

" 'Twouldn't have done much good," came his blunt reply. "Most o' them what would stand watch in a churchyard is the sort that can be bought off with a few coins or a nip o' daffy."

He paused and shot her a suspicious look from beneath beetled brows. "'Ere, now, wot's wrong wit' yer voice, girl?"

"I'm afraid I've caught a bit of the croup," she replied with a silent prayer that he would not pursue the matter further.

Her answer seemed to satisfy him, for he grunted in acknowledgment. "Send word to that worthless brother o' yers, so 'e can make up one o' 'is nostrums for ye, then. 'Twouldn't do for ye to be serious ill and fall behind on yer work."

Knowing it was to her household duties rather than her painting that her father referred, she merely bit her lip and nodded. Neither did she reply to his slur on Talbot, having long since reconciled herself to the fact that the rift between the pair would likely never heal.

Ezra, meanwhile, had plucked off his worn black beaver to reveal an unkempt fringe of gray hair. He left on the threadbare black frock coat that was his sexton's trademark livery. His sunken cheeks, well lined from years of exposure to the elements, held a lingering hint of color from the brisk morning air. His bulbous nose was red as well, though that last was due less to the chill weather than to his habitual indulgence in gin. His spare frame still bent as if against the North wind, he caught up the chipped cup of tea Amaryllis offered him and took a swallow.

She settled back in her own chair and took up a cup. It had been but half an hour earlier and well past her usual time for rising when she had paid the hackney driver and slipped unseen into the tiny gray stone house behind the churchyard. A few embers had remained in the stove from last night, so that it had been but a few minutes' work to stir up a fire and put on the kettle for tea. Breakfast was the usual simple meal of bread, jam, and a crumb of cheese, at hand in the larder.

She had assembled everything in the parlor, as was her habit, just moments before her father returned from his daily stroll about the cemetery and surrounding church grounds. He would have no reason to suspect she'd been gone the entire night, save for the fact she still had on the same bottle-green gown she'd worn the day before. She could only pray that, like most men, he had no eye for feminine fashion and would not notice that trifle.

As she had hoped, the question never came. Instead Ezra settled heavily into the chair beside her, close enough so that she could smell last night's gin upon him. She frowned, forgetting her own transgressions. Doubtless he had again drunk himself into a stupor the evening before and would not have stirred had she returned home at the appointed hour.

"A bad business, that, diggin' up the dead," Ezra went on in a more complacent tone as the tea warmed him. "Still, I wager 'ow the old gent those scoundrels took off won't be missed, since none o' 'is kin bothered wit' the service yesterday. Fine-lookin' fellow 'e was, too, for 'is age. A shock o' gray 'air the Prince Regent 'isself would 'ave envied, an' every tooth in 'is 'ead still there."

Old gentleman. Gray hair. All his own teeth.

Uneasily Amaryllis recalled last night's anatomy lesson and the unfortunate George. In addition to his mane of silver hair, the old man had sported a fine set of teeth she had assumed were made of ivory. Dear Lord, what if he had been the one whose body had been snatched from St. Pancras's churchyard?

"A bad business, to be sure," she echoed. "But perhaps the man would be pleased to know that he performed a final useful service, even in death. That is," she finished with a guilty flush, "if he ended up being sold to an anatomist."

"'Ere now, girl, wot would ye know about such things?"

His gray brows twisting in an ominous frown, Ezra set down his cup with a clatter. Not for the first time, she wondered if perhaps her own father had a hand in the recent spate of morbid thefts from the churchyard. It would be but a simple matter for some unscrupulous sort to mark the sexton's fondness for drink, then assure his temporary deafness and blindness with a bottle of gin and a few coins. Determinedly she put that disloyal thought aside.

"All I know, Father, is what I've heard Talbot say—that we've not sufficient numbers of executed criminals in London to serve as anatomy specimens for all the city's physicians and surgeons. Until the laws are changed, there is no way to stop the body snatchers from continuing their grisly work, and no way to prevent good doctors from stooping to such criminal behavior."

Ezra merely grunted again—whether in agreement or dissent, she was not certain—and then took another swallow from his cup. Given it was still early in the day, he had not fortified the brew as he usually did with a generous portion from the bottle he always kept upon his person.

She took another sip of tea herself. Perhaps the hot liquid would soothe her sore throat. There was nothing to be done, however, for the livid pattern of bruises on her throat. All she could do was to cover the marks as best she could and pray that no one took any notice.

For, given her promise to Talbot, she could not confess to her father the frightening events of the previous night, lest he also learn where she had been beforehand. His anger over that, however, would be nothing compared to his outrage should he find out that his daughter had spent the night alone—no matter how innocently—with a man.

She bit her lip, envisioning the scandal should a drunken Ezra Meeks show up on the Earl of Blackstock's front stoop, demanding satisfaction. Her father would be appeased by nothing less than her marriage to the man—hardly a possibility. And as for notifying the authorities, what could she tell them? That she had been set upon by a nightmarish parody of a man?

For she had come to an amazing conclusion on her carriage ride home this morning. She now believed Blackstock's contention that he had done her no harm.

Now, safely home and with all her wits recovered, she could scarcely say why she ever had come to the opposite conclusion. Of course, there had been that minor point about the knife, though Blackstock had explained away that detail quite logically. She could see now that it had only been her unsettled state of mind and her lamentable weakness for melodramatic novels that had caused her to cast him as villain.

That did not mean, however, that she had not been truly in danger last night, and that there was not some foul murderer still walking the London streets. But she did not know that man's name . . . nor could she go to the authorities with her tale, lest her father somehow learn of the affair.

A knock at the front door put a prompt halt to her musings. She put aside her tea and scrambled to her feet, aware that it was much too early in the day for visitors.

"I'll see who it is, Father," she offered. She did not expect a demur from him since, to her recollection, Ezra never had answered the door in his own house.

This time proved no exception to the rule. He gave her an absent nod of approval, his attention seemingly fixed upon the half-empty teacup. She hurried from the room, conscious that her heart had begun an uneasy pounding.

But what was there to be nervous about? Sternness of mind, she reminded herself. Chances were the caller was but a parishioner seeking a word with the sexton. Still, her palms were unaccountably moist as she tugged the concealing shawl more tightly about her throat and reached for the knob.

She pulled open the heavy wooden door, only to be met by a rush of yellow light that temporarily blinded her. The sun had risen high enough by now for its rays to split the neat row of poplars that surrounded the church grounds and shine directly on her eastward-facing doorstep.

For a moment, all she saw was the silhouette of a man, stark against the golden glare. There was something unyielding, almost sinister in his stance, and her first frantic thought was that the Earl of Blackstock somehow had tracked her down. Had he come to silence her, once and for all, or was his intent simply to have her arrested for her attack upon him?

A series of unpleasant images flashed through her mind. Her father, finding her strangled body on their doorstep. Or, herself, locked away in a filthy, crowded Newgate cell for the rest of her days. But as those frightening scenarios played themselves out, the man stepped forward and she caught a clear look at his face.

"Talbot," she rasped out in relief. "Whatever are you doing here at such an early hour?"

"Might I come in, my dear?" he replied, neatly overlooking her question as he gave her a cool smile.

Seeing no help for it, she pulled the door open wider and stepped aside. But as she closed the door behind him again, she realized that their prosaic exchange had done little to relieve her nervousness. It wasn't that she did not trust Talbot, for she did. It simply was that her brother possessed a most disconcerting habit of seeing through a person and discerning the truth.

He plucked off his high-crowned beaver, and then turned that keen gray gaze upon her. She clutched the shawl more securely about her throat, feeling the telltale warmth begin to creep into her cheeks. That was the problem with her fair coloring, she thought in dismay, allowing her every emotion to be read by the blood rising and falling in her face.

"Father is in the parlor, having his morning tea," she said by way of distraction. "Why don't you join him there, and I will bring another cup."

Not waiting for him to reply, she hurried down the hallway. She reentered the parlor a moment later to find Talbot, hat upon his knee, seated in the same chair her father had occupied a few minutes before. Ezra himself was gone, his half-empty cup a mute testament to a hasty departure.

Disappointed but not surprised, Amaryllis suppressed a sigh and took her own chair. The breach between father and son first had opened when, a dozen years earlier, Talbot had expressed his intention to become a physician. Rather than encouraging him, however, Ezra had flown into a rage.

Goin' above yer station, are ye? Mark me, fer all yer schoolin' an'fine airs, ye'll be no gentleman when ye're through, no matter 'ow many lords an' ladies ye think to cure. An' don't come whinin' back to me when ye fail.

But Talbot had not failed. Somehow his success seemed to have enraged the older man still further, the more so when Talbot had been accepted into the Royal Academy. In the intervening years, the pair shared not even a pleasantry. And Ezra had not been present two years earlier when Talbot had married a fragile young beauty named Cordelia, the daughter of a minor baronet. Neither had he offered a word of condolence the following year, when a distraught Talbot had been forced to settle his new wife in a sanitarium after diagnosing her with a terminal weakness of the heart.

Pushing aside those sad memories, Amaryllis poured the tea, and then handed over the cup to her brother.

"It appears that we have missed Father. Doubtless he did not realize it was you come to call and went off to take care of his usual duties," she hurried to excuse her parent's absence.

As usual, Talbot obligingly took up her polite fiction. "I know that a man in his position has responsibilities; however, my dear sister, it happens you are the one I have come to see."

"Me?" she asked, an unsettling presentiment gripping her as her cheeks grew warm again.

In turn, a hint of genteel anger darkened his face. "As you might guess, I was surprised last night to discover you had ignored my orders and hurried off quite on your own. Surely you must have realized that a note was not sufficient, that I might be worried about you."

He paused, and Amaryllis steeled herself to hold her tongue. For this was a tactic that he had used on her to his advantage many times in the past, making her so uneasy that she always blurted out what was uppermost in her mind.

This time, however, he did not wait for her reply but went on. "Unfortunately, it was almost an hour after you left that I discovered you had set out alone. All those gentlemen who had paid to attend my lecture were still milling about the place, and I practically threw them out into the street in my haste."

"McArdle, in particular, was difficult to dislodge. Then the fog was so thick that no carriages were to be had, so my only choice was to go on foot. It was nigh on midnight by the time I reached here, and you can imagine my terror when I discovered you had not yet returned home."

Amaryllis's eyes widened. "Oh, my, surely you did not tell Father—"

"I took the precaution of peering inside the window first," he said with an ironic lift of his brow. "Father was peacefully snoring away—too much gin, as usual—so that he had no notion that his only daughter was not sleeping peacefully in her own bed, as well. I rather suspect I would never have learned of your adventure, save that it happens I am personal physician to one Victor Saville, Earl of Blackstock."

"Earl of Blackstock?" she faintly echoed, feeling the blood flee her face.

He nodded. "Indeed. When I returned home sometime just past dawn, after spending the entire night frantically combing the streets for my missing sister, I discovered a note posted on my door. It seemed that his lordship had a young female guest who required prompt medical attention."

He paused and sternly eyed her. "To be sure, my concern for you was uppermost in my mind, but I could not neglect my patients. I made my way to Blackstock's town home as quickly as I could, only to discover my would-be patient gone and his lordship the one requiring medical attention. And imagine my amazement when I discovered that Blackstock had this in his possession."

So saying, he plucked forth a slim volume that looked like—-no, it actually was!—her lost sketchbook.

A collage of disjointed possibilities gathered in her mind as, for the second time that morning, she found herself speechless. Finally she reached out an unsteady hand and took the drawings from him.

"It was quite the most extraordinary thing," Talbot went on, as if she were not gaping at him like a half-wit. "His lordship's entire household was in quite an uproar. You see, it seems the young woman in question had been brutally assaulted in some dark alleyway last night, presumably by the so-called Barkshire Demon."

His expression grew still sterner.

"By his account, Blackstock found this woman in the street, unconscious, and brought her home with him. This morning she awoke recovered from her injuries, attempted but failed to murder the earl, then fled the premises before anyone could stop her. Blackstock was only superficially injured, however, and thus able to give a detailed description of his assailant. Moreover the young woman also left behind one of her possessions as a clue to her identity."

"Then I need not tell you where I spent last night," Amaryllis managed in a despairing voice. "I suppose you told Blackstock that the sketchbook was mine . . . and that I was your sister?"

"Certainly not. I would not have it known that a sibling of mine was so foolish as to get herself into such a situation. Besides which, Blackstock had somehow formed the impression that you were, shall we say, a woman of a certain profession. I merely recovered your drawings, told his lordship I would find their proper owner, and assured him I also would scour the backstreets for the red-haired wench who had assaulted him. And now, my dear sister, would you care to relate your version of last night's events?"

She told him everything then, beginning with the shambling footsteps she had heard in the fog. By the time she recounted the way she had managed to overcome the earl and flee the manor, her brother's usual air of professional calm had given way to an uncharacteristic expression of unease. But her next words sent his eyebrows lifting in disbelief.

"I fear I was precipitous in blaming his lordship for what happened . . . and, most especially, in bashing him over the head so I could make my escape. For, you see, I have given the matter much thought ever since I left his company. I have concluded that the earl was innocent of any intent to harm me, and that he did me a service by carrying me home with him for the night."

"Indeed," came Talbot's cool reply. "Who, then, do you believe is the responsible party?"

"Why, the creature, of course."

Even as the words left her mouth, she realized how incredible the claim sounded. To his credit, however, Talbot merely nodded.

"Quite fascinating, my dear, but I must confess that your tale sounds like something from one of those novels by Mrs. Radcliffe that you and your friend, Mary, always were sharing. So now tell me again about this creature you claim attacked you."

"It... he was quite tall and well built, his features regular, his hair and eyes both black," she replied, tamping down a shiver of repugnance as she struggled to recreate his features in her mind. "He would have been handsome, I expect, save for the horrible grimace that twisted his face and the fact that his skin was deathly pale, like the corpse in the anatomy lesson. For all that, I had the impression that he was young. But then, when he t-touched me—"

Her voice, already halting, faltered a moment along with her courage. She took a shuddering breath, then finished, "When he touched me, I swear that I could smell the scent of the grave upon him."

"Fascinating," he murmured again, leaning forward, "but hardly probable. And now, my dear, let me examine the bruises on your throat."

With shaking fingers, she unwound the shawl and raised her chin. He studied the livid pattern of bruises for a long moment, his features hardening.

"A wormwood poultice will help with the bruising. Should I assume that you suffered no other sort of assault," he asked, "either from this creature of yours, or else Blackstock?"

"No, only the marks on my neck," she hurried to assure him, blushing as she understood the meaning behind that delicately phrased question.

At her reply, he sat back again and resumed his usual cool air of professionalism.

"Given the extent of your injuries, I can only say that chances are you narrowly escaped death last night. But what troubles me is your insistence that you saw two separate men—this so-called creature and the Earl of Blackstock."

"But it is true!" came her croaking protest. "It was the first man—the creature—who almost choked the life from me, and the earl who carried me home with him."

Her brother met her anxious words with a wry lift of his brow. "Indeed. And now, my dear, perhaps you might humor me by describing his lordship's appearance."

"In general terms, he is of above medium height, with a strong build," she obediently began, ticking off each item on her fingers. "He dresses rather conservatively for a man of his station, but still within fashion. He has dark hair—a bit longer than the mode—and dark eyes, a rather stern jaw, a pale complexion with no scars that I noted. I am certain that most women would judge him more than passably handsome . . . that is, if they fancied that sort of dramatic good looks."

"I see." Talbot settled back in his chair, a humorless smile flickering over his lips. "Do realize, my dear, that you have just given me a description almost identical to that you earlier made of your so-called creature?"

"Really, Talbot, I cannot see how—"

"And you have already admitted that the fog was quite thick, and your sensibilities distraught. It seems far more likely to me that this is but a typical case of female hysterics brought on by an abundance of emotion. There was but one man last night—the Earl of Blackstock."

"But the vile creature that attacked me! I—l saw its face quite distinctly, and it did not belong to Blackstock," she protested, suppressing a shiver at the memory.

Talbot shook his head and held up a restraining hand.

"My dear Amaryllis, let me explain this to you in layman's terms. Your first glimpse of his lordship was colored by an acute if quite understandable fear. That fear distorted your very image of the man, so that he appeared to you as some nightmarish creature. But one's senses can be deceived in such a manner for only a brief time. When you awoke from your swoon to find him bending over you, you saw him as he actually appears."

"But you do not understand—"

"No, my dear, it is you who do not understand."

Talbot sprang to his feet and paced about the tiny parlor, his gray eyes aglitter. Amaryllis let the shawl slip to her shoulders as she stared up at him in alarm. But when she would have risen to lay a restraining hand upon his arm, he abruptly stopped and faced her once more.

His tone harsher than she'd ever heard it, he went on. "I would have spared you this, if I could, but I see now that I must be direct. The truth is that I have good reason to believe it was the Earl of Blackstock who tried last night to kill you. You see, a mere six months ago, he and a second gentleman together brutally murdered another young woman."





"Murdered?"

Amaryllis stared up at her brother in disbelief. By dint of rational thought, she had concluded that Blackstock was not the man who had tried to strangle her. Now, however, Talbot could point to an earlier incident that proved the earl was indeed a vile killer.

A reflexive shiver of denial flashed through her. She did not doubt her brother's words; still, she needed more to convince her that the accusation was true. Some proof, something irrefutable.

"Tell me what happened, please. I—I must know," she hoarsely demanded.

Talbot stood silent a moment, so that she thought he might ignore her plea. Then, as if coming to a decision, he resumed his seat.

"Perhaps I spoke out of turn. What I should have said is that he was suspected of the crime. Whether or not he committed it, I cannot say with certainty. The circumstantial evidence did weigh heavily against him, though he never was convicted of any wrongdoing."

"Go on."

He frowned. "Some of what I know, I witnessed myself, for I was the physician called in that night. More of the story, I heard from the servants . . . and a few odd fragments of it, from Blackstock himself."

Amaryllis gave a cautious nod.

"At that time, the earl was keeping company with one Sir Harry Shaw," her brother continued in a blunt tone. "Shaw was a personable young gentleman known for his spendthrift ways and reckless manner. He and Blackstock had spent the better part of the evening in question at the theater. And it was there that a pretty young actress who called herself Jane Belfleur caught Sir Harry's fancy.

"As was his habit with such women, Sir Harry asked Miss Belfleur to join him and Blackstock at their club for a late supper. Witnesses later testified that all three were well into their cups by the time the pair persuaded the young woman to accompany them back to Sir Harry's town home. By all accounts, she did so quite willingly."

Talbot paused, a flicker of unreadable emotion passing over his mild features. For herself, Amaryllis suppressed a craven impulse to cover her eyes and ears against what was to come.

"My role in all this came just before dawn of the following day," he went on. "I was awakened by an urgent summons brought by Blackstock's driver. He claimed that there had been an accident of sorts, and a woman had been grievously injured."

"And was it an accident?"

Talbot gave her a brief and quite humorless smile. "If you would call a woman being raped and then bludgeoned to death an accident, then perhaps it was."

Amaryllis bit her lip. "Tell me more."

"The rest is not pleasant, I must warn you. When I arrived at the manor, the driver led me upstairs to a bedchamber well removed from the rest of the household's living quarters. The sole illumination came from the fireplace that was blazing quite merrily. It gave off light enough for me to see a young woman sprawled in the room's far corner."

He frowned again at the memory. "In my profession, I have seen many unsettling sights, but this scene sent a shudder through me. The woman was naked, save for a single blood-soaked white stocking. Tooth marks and bruises covered her entire body, as if she had been savaged by some wild beast, while her face was so swollen as to be unrecognizable. She had not been dead long when I found her, for her flesh still held a hint of warmth."

He paused, his gray eyes narrowing as if calculating the effect he was having upon her. Then, apparently satisfied with her expression of horrified disbelief, he proceeded.

"Once I had determined there was nothing to be done for her, I discovered Sir Harry lying atop the bed, clad only in his breeches. My first thought was that he had been murdered, too, for my attempts to rouse him brought no success. Then I noted the smell of strong spirits upon him and determined he simply was the worse for drink."

"And what of Blackstock?" Amaryllis choked out in a voice little more than a whisper.

"I looked up from Sir Harry's unconscious form to see him standing in the shadows, looking like the very devil himself. He was quite cool about the whole business, I must say. In contrast to his companion, he was still dressed in full evening attire. He had a snifter of brandy in one hand, and as he raised the glass to drink I could see the fresh blood that streaked his shirt cuff. His white shirtfront bore crimson stains, as well. I started toward him, ready to question him as to what had happened . . . and that was when I noted the trail of dried blood leading from that poor woman's body to where he stood."

"Then he admitted his guilt?"

Talbot grimly shook his head. "To the contrary, he denied everything. He claimed it was his friend who did the deed, and that he had been in the library and only come upon the scene afterward. The blood on his shirt was hers, he freely admitted, but he'd gotten it on himself while checking to see whether or not she still lived. The servants could neither confirm nor deny his story, for they had all slept through the killing and Blackstock's driver had remained with the carriage."

"And Sir Harry?" she prompted when he paused for breath. "Once he regained his senses, did he then turn around and accuse his lordship?"

"It was not quite that simple," her brother conceded. "By the time the effects of the liquor began to wear off, the constable I had summoned finally arrived. The two of us then questioned Sir Harry at length as to what had taken place.

"He was, as you might expect, quite horrified by the crime but steadfastly claimed to know nothing about what happened. He insisted he had fallen asleep soon after the three of them had returned to the town house, but that Miss Belfleur was still alive at that time. And he was stunned to learn that the earl had accused him of being the murderer."

It was Amaryllis's turn to frown. "So you believed Sir Harry's account, rather than that of his lordship."

"Again, I cannot say with certainty," came his flat reply. "In the absence of any witnesses, it came down to which of the two men's stories was the more credible. Sir Harry swore that he had never laid a hand upon the woman, save in the friendliest of fashions. He did, however, express keen regret at her passing and feared that he might have been the indirect cause of her death simply by insisting she come home with the pair of them."

"And the earl?"

"Blackstock appeared entirely unmoved by what had happened."

The bleak statement sent another shiver through her; still, she countered, "But I never read anything of this in the scandal sheets. Was his lordship not imprisoned, then?"

"He managed a brief stay at Newgate, but he never stood trial. You see, two nights after the murder, Sir Harry was himself found dead alongside the Thames. Witnesses later recalled seeing him walking along the riverbank earlier that same evening, his manner that of a man who had been indulging quite heavily in strong spirits. It was a frigid night, but he wore neither greatcoat nor hat and scarf against the elements."

Talbot's words took on a bitter tone. "The official report was that the young man had quite simply died of the cold. The circumstances were such, however, that some people asked if perhaps he and not his lordship had actually killed Miss Belfleur. They suggested that Sir Harry had succumbed to an uneasy conscience and intended to throw himself into the river in repentance, but froze to death before he could take that dramatic action."

He shook his head. "At any rate, the incident served to cast doubt on Blackstock's guilt, so that all charges were dropped. The matter was hushed up, of course, though it was common knowledge in Society that he'd been a suspect. He managed to avert the worst of the scandal by paying a substantial sum to . . . certain people for their silence."

He broke off, and Amaryllis shut her eyes against the mental images that swept her. The entire story was more horrific than any fictional tale of dread that she and Mary had ever composed. Had she known earlier what she did now, she likely would have been too frightened to make her escape from Blackstock's town house. As it was, it would be days before she would ever again sleep with any degree of soundness.

As that last thought crossed her mind, Talbot broke the leaden stillness between them. "Believe me, my dear, I did not mean to distress you unduly, after all you've been through. I simply wanted you to understand the sort of man that Blackstock is . . . or rather, might well be. And surely you can see now why I doubted your story of an undead creature roaming the city."

"I suppose so," she conceded. Then, as another thought occurred to her, she glanced up in sudden alarm. "Talbot, you don't intend to accuse his lordship of being the Demon, do you?"

"With no proof, I cannot, though that doesn't mean I will forget the matter."

He fingered the brim of his hat, his expression grim.

"I have already determined that Blackstock does not know your name, so you should be safe from any further harm so long as you keep out of his way. Given he is something of a recluse, that should not prove too difficult a task. For myself, I will continue to watch him from a distance and pray that he makes a misstep, so we might put a halt to his heinous behavior, once and for all."

So saying, he rose from his chair and caught up his stick. "Do get a bit of rest now, and try to put this unpleasantness from your mind. I will visit you on the morrow to make sure that you are experiencing no further ill effects from your ordeal."

He allowed her to accompany him to the door; then, with a final kiss for her, he clamped on his hat and turned on his heel. But barely had he taken his leave than she called him back.

"Wait, Talbot, there is something more I must know."

She hesitated as he waited, then asked in a rush, "If you suspected Lord Blackstock of being a murderer, why did you continue on as his personal physician?"

"Because, my dear sister, I was one of the people he paid for their silence."

With those bitter words, he turned again down the graveled path. She watched, sketchbook still tightly clutched in her hands, until he made his way past cemetery and church to the main road, where his gig awaited him.

She sank onto the cold stone step, her gaze fixed on the distance. As always, her artist's eye reflexively noted the intricate play of shadow against light in the scene. For it was a glorious spring day, the sort of day where one's thoughts turned to rebirth, not death.

The sun had risen well above the treetops now, its welcome warmth dispelling the remnants of last night's chill.

Separated from the main grounds by a black wrought-iron fence, the familiar cemetery with its numerous shrubs and trees just coming into bloom appeared as a cheerful little park. The irregular rows of stone monuments—some, mere humble slabs; others, elaborate sculptures—more resembled museum pieces than markers of various men's and women's final repose.

Even at night, death and its trappings did not frighten her, nor had they ever. A part of the natural order, she had taken pains to emphasize to her friend, Mary, whom she had first encountered melodramatically swooning over her long-dead mother's grave. This situation, however, was different. Something unnatural was afoot in London—though whether man or phantom, she was not yet certain.

But she intended to find out.

Knowing that her father must soon return, she rose and made her purposeful way toward her bedchamber. It was a modest room, nowhere near as grand as the blue chamber in which she had spent last night. Still, it boasted the elaborate lace counterpane, its once-snowy white fabric now turned ivory with age, that had been passed down to her from her mother.

Anne Fleming Meeks had learned the art of lace-making from her Belgian mother and had, in turn, passed on the skill to her own daughter. Amaryllis had proved equally adept at the tedious work. Thus she supplemented her meager earnings from teaching young girls to sketch by mending old-fashioned pieces of linen finery brought to her by various of St. Pancras's parishioners.

But painting had always been her first love. Legs crossed beneath her in Turkish fashion, Amaryllis settled upon the bed. Flipping open her sketchbook to a blank page, she snatched up a stick of charcoal from her bedside table and shut her eyes.

Deliberately she cleared her mind of everything save her memories of the creature. A nightmarish figure promptly sprang to life, so clear in her thoughts that she could almost smell the lingering odor of decay about him. She suppressed a sick feeling at the memory of his dead fingers upon her throat. Instead she let her artist's eye begin a methodical dissection of its features.

Dispassionately she noted planes . . . curves . . . shadows. She concentrated harder, seeing past the flesh to the squares and circles and rectangles that made up his nose, his jaw, his cheekbones. At last satisfied that she had broken down that monstrous face into its most basic components, she opened her own eyes again and began to sketch.

The mental image began to take life in a series of bold, dark slashes that covered the page. Once or twice, she paused to smudge out a line and redraw it. For the most part, however, the drawing came together with an uncanny swiftness that left her marveling. Barely had she started than she was setting down her pencil to stare at what she had created.

A fiend from hell glared back at her.

She paused but a moment to study its face, just long enough to satisfy herself that she had captured on paper the image that clung to her mind. Then, hands shaking, she tore that page from the book and grabbed up her charcoal again to begin a second sketch. This one evolved with equal swiftness until, moments later, two drawings lay side by side on the coverlet before her.

Two sketches . . . and two distinctly different men.

She picked up the first drawing again and studied it more closely. This was the creature that had attacked her, the being whose foul image haunted her. Now, however, she noted a few more telling details about him.

He was—had been?—a young man and doubtless acknowledged as handsome. Distorted as they were, his features still held a shadow of masculine beauty that only deepened the horror of his appearance. Who he was or where he'd come from, she could not guess, but she knew with certainty that she had not simply conjured him from the depths of an overwrought imagination.

Slowly she set down that drawing and reached for the second portrait. This man, she most definitely knew.

Victor Saville, Earl of Blackstock, stared back at her. An air of challenge emanated from the charcoal image, evident in the cool gleam of his dark eyes and the arrogant set of his chin. With her free hand, she lightly traced the penciled line of his temple, as if it were warm flesh that she was touching. Then, realizing just what it was she was doing, she snatched back her fingers as if the very paper might singe her.

Dear Lord, what was she thinking?

True, she had always possessed a keen interest in masculine beauty, though simply as an artist admiring nature's handiwork. Save in that detached way, never before had she been obsessed with any one particular male. And never before had she experienced this sort of heady, physical reaction, a reaction that manifested itself as an odd sort of flutter somewhere in the vicinity of her stomach and sudden tingling warmth deep between her thighs.

She squirmed against the coverlet, only to find that the movement merely intensified the unsettling sensation. She subdued that wayward weakness and set to studying the drawing instead. Earlier Talbot had pointed out that her description of both the creature and Blackstock were uncannily similar. With that in mind, she reached again for the first sketch and held them both together, comparing.

Her brother had been correct, to a point. A vague resemblance did exist between the creature and Blackstock, though only to the extent that one could claim a spotted bull resembled a dappled stallion. Having seen the former, one could not mistake it for the latter. Both sets of features—eyes, noses, chins—were noticeably different from each other. In this she could not be mistaken, for years of observing life with an artist's eye had left her with a keen memory.

Two sketches. Two men.

Talbot, of course, had already made his diagnosis of the situation, and she knew from past experience that no amount of argument would now sway him from it. Let him handle it, he had insisted. And Talbot meant to prove that Blackstock was the Barkshire Demon, thus solving the brutal murders of four women.

The problem was, he might well be pursuing the wrong man.

She thought back to the account Talbot had given of the young woman who had been murdered. The fact that the other man involved had, in all probability, taken his own life went far in proving the earl's innocence. Besides, she reminded herself, he'd had ample opportunity last night to kill her, and he had not.

Then another thought struck her. If Talbot suspected Blackstock of being the Demon, it stood to reason other people might come to that same conclusion. Thus the earl had better cause than anyone for wanting to uncover the Demon's true identity. She, on the other hand, was likely the only one in the city who knew that killer's face.

Why not persuade Blackstock to join forces with her, and the two of them track down the Barkshire Demon themselves?

Slowly the possibility began crystallizing in her mind, until a plan took shape. To be sure, its chances of success would be small; still, she could do little worse than had the authorities, to this point.

A shiver of reckless anticipation swept her. Of late, she had accounted her life decidedly dull. Indeed, for a self-proclaimed modern woman, she was living quite the circumspect life. This was her chance to prove herself the equal of a man in coping with adversity, for if her brother could pursue the Demon on his own, then so could she. If nothing else, she would share her idea with Blackstock and make her apology for bashing him over the head.

And, at the very least, she would have the opportunity to see him one more time.

But what would the earl think when he learned she was the sister of his own personal physician? She grappled momentarily with the question, recalling her earlier conversation with Talbot. He had warned her away from the man; moreover he had admitted that he had accepted money from Blackstock in return for his silence in the matter of that young actress's murder. Never would her brother condone what she was about to do . . . and, just as likely, chances were that the earl would never agree to help her should he discover her connection to Talbot.

Then she would not use her true name, she decided. With any luck, their connection would be but a temporary one, so that her identity would be of no consequence to him anyhow.

That last issue settled, she tucked the pair of drawings back into her sketchbook and slipped it beneath her bed, then got to her feet. She would go about the rest of her day as usual. Tomorrow, however, she would find some excuse to spend a portion of the afternoon away from the house and make her visit to the Saville town house.

Perhaps by then, the earl would be recovered from his injury and be in a more willing state of mind to hear her out. It would be a quick matter to speak her piece before him and learn if he dared to join her in this dangerous game. If he did not, then she would let the matter drop.

But if he did, the next foggy night would see her wandering the London streets again . . . this time the pursuer instead of the prey.





I had fancied my plan quite the Clever One . . . but then, is that not often the Folly of Youth? No matter, I was determined to confront the Earl of Blackstock and demand his help . . .for by that time, I was Practically Convinced that he was not the Foul Fiend whom I sought.

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





"Vic, you'll never guess," came Monique's excited cry as she peeked her head around the library door.

Victor bit back an oath and glanced up from his desk, where he sat painstakingly translating pertinent passages from one of his grandfather's French texts on the history of roses. For once, his sister did not wait for his permission to enter, nor did she seem to notice his irritation at the interruption. Instead she fairly burst into the one room in the town house that he considered his personal domain.

Its furnishings were few—a broad cherry wood desk, cluttered with books and notes; a worn, oversized brown leather armchair behind it; a pair of gold-brocaded wingbacks flanking a waist-high, carved cherry wood table. All had been chosen more for function than for style. A small fireplace tucked almost as an afterthought behind him was topped by a plain mantelpiece, above which hung several framed prints of roses. Opposite, a pair of lace-curtained French doors opened onto marble steps leading down to the gardens and various outbuildings beyond.

The remainder of the room was consumed by books.

They lined the walls, were stacked in corners . . . row after row of gilded leather and ink-printed rag. A goodly number of the volumes, he had accumulated himself. The rest he had inherited from his sire and his grandfather. Horticultural tomes, in general, and volumes dedicated to roses, in particular, filled a dozen shelves.

The balance of the bookcases held histories, biographies, and texts on any number of subjects, all three generations having possessed tastes in their reading matter that could most charitably be termed eclectic. Along with the thick Persian carpet that spread about his feet, the books served as an inner wall to dull the mundane sounds of the everyday world without.

Within its walls, he did not so much shut out the world as withdraw into another place where he could keep his memories safely at bay. Just as his hothouse was his sanctuary during daylight hours, so was his library a place of refuge whenever the shadows began to lengthen.

Now Monique ignored his unspoken rule as, soft slippers whispering against the woolen rug, she scampered over to where he sat. Wilhelm was, as usual, perched with regal splendor upon her shoulder, his glossy gray and red feathers a jaunty counterpoint to her buttercup-yellow gown. Victor gave the pair of them a baleful glance—had he not given strict instructions he was to be left undisturbed until dinnertime?—and then shoved his chair back from the desk.

"This better be important," he began, "since I happen to be in the midst—"

"She's here," Monique cut him short, leaning over his desk to turn up the lamp. A bright yellow glow dispelled the blanket of late afternoon shadow that he'd not realized until this moment lay over the room.

"You know," she persisted when Victor stared at her with impatience, "the woman who coshed you over the head yesterday morning."

"She's here?" he echoed in a harsh voice and dropped his pen. He barely noted the gobbets of black ink that spattered across the sheet of foolscap, but fixed her with a disbelieving look. "Are you quite certain of that?"

"Of course. Well, almost certain," the girl amended, her dark eyes alight with excitement. "I just happened to be downstairs in the parlor when I heard the front knocker sound. I peered out into the foyer in time to see Peters open the door and begin sputtering just as he always does when he is upset."

She paused for breath, while Wilhelm gave an obliging imitation of the sputtering butler that drew another giggle from his mistress.

"Needless to say, I rushed to the window for a proper look," she went on once the bird's melodramatic gasps died. "She was hardly dressed in the mode, so I was not surprised that Peters hesitated to let her in the front way. She hadn't a bonnet on, just an ugly brown shawl wrapped about her hair and shoulders. I couldn't see her face, but I caught just enough of a glimpse to be certain that her hair was red. And that was when I realized that she must be your mystery woman."

"Chances are just as good that the chit is some unfortunate in search of a post and who lacks sense enough to use the servants' entry," he returned in a cool tone, as a knock sounded from the hallway.

"Begging your pardon, my lord," came Peters's murmur as he poked his head around the open door, "but there is a certain, er, person here to see you. I believe, my lord, that you have already, shall we say, made her acquaintance. Shall I lock her in the parlor and call the constable?"

Victor ignored the triumphant smile his sister shot his way and clipped out, "If it's that red-haired chit you let get away yesterday, then just bring her to me."

Before Peters had made his bow and hurried off, Victor shoved back from his desk with such haste that his chair tipped. He hurried to right it. . . hurried, too, to conceal his eagerness from his younger sister, who had turned a speculative look upon him.

Though he had always been circumspect about his affairs, Monique was well aware that he'd had his share of mistresses over the past two years. Indeed, with no female relative to quash her unmaidenly curiosity, she had taken to quizzing him of late about those casual connections. He suspected that her fond hope was for him to marry, if only to afford her a bit of female company.

Seeing it as a brotherly duty, he'd finally thrust one of Hannah More's officious tracts into her hands one evening and bade her educate herself on the subject. When he had returned home the following daybreak, he had initially been gratified to find her wide-awake in his library, still reading. The volume in her lap, however, proved not to be Mrs. More's moral twaddle.

Rather it had been a collection of pornographic etchings and lascivious commentary innocently entitled Essays on Far Eastern Marriage Customs. The book—normally ensconced on a high shelf beyond casual reach—had come from their late grandsire's collection of ribald literature. So had the other equally shocking works by such sexual luminaries as de Sade that were piled about her chair.

Victor shook his head at the memory. As a boy, he had managed a look at those same volumes and was well aware that they were not fit reading for his sister. Thus he had spent the rest of that morning threatening her within an inch of her life if she considered exercising her newfound knowledge outside the marriage bed. She meekly had agreed . . . and then gone on to suggest several techniques about which she had just read that she thought he might care to try. Given that, he'd be damned if he would allow her reason to suspect that his interest in this particular female was anything more than academic.

"I'll conduct this interview alone, if you don't mind," he told her as he reached up to straighten his neck cloth, only to recall he had stripped off both it and his jacket sometime earlier and tossed them onto one of the chairs. Not that it mattered, he told himself. No reason that he need make himself presentable for the chit.

"I suggest that you and Wilhelm take yourselves off to your room for the duration," he went on. "Now would be an excellent time for you to go."

"But it's not fair," she protested with a toss of her dark curls, the gesture drawing a startled squawk from the parrot. "I missed out on all the excitement the other night and morning. I don't see why I cannot stay—"

"Because I bloody well said you couldn't," he shot back, silencing any further protests with a quelling look. "This could turn into dangerous business, and I want you well out of it. Now be off with you."

Pouting, Monique turned on her heel and stomped out of the room as loudly as she could in her soft footwear. Wilhelm, as always, got in the last word.

"It's not fair," came his aggrieved retort as the door slammed shut behind the pair.

Victor ignored both literal and figurative displays of ruffled feathers as he resumed his seat and neatly stacked his notes, save for a single crumpled sheet—larger than the rest—that he left propped against an inkwell. That accomplished, he idly toyed with the ring upon his finger, needing something with which to occupy his restless hands. He had never thought to see the chit again—that much was certain. Her presence here now triggered an odd sense of anticipation in him, the source of which he was loath to examine too closely.

A moment later, Peters's deferential knock again sounded. At a word from Victor, the library door opened. The butler, looking exceedingly put out, stepped inside and gestured the shawl-wrapped figure behind him to follow.

"Beggin' your pardon, my lord, but a Miss, er, . . . that is, a young woman to see you, your lordship." Peters stumbled through the announcement, while the chit bobbed the briefest of curtsies Victor's way.

At his impatient gesture of dismissal, the butler bowed his own way out again. Only then did Victor turn his attention to his guest.

She had let the mud-hued shawl slide from her head so that the cheap wool merely skimmed her shoulders. Now he could see her red-gold tresses, modestly bundled into a knot but still gleaming like silken fire in the lamplight. He also got a clear look at the white flesh modestly exposed above the high-cut bodice of her gown.

A lurid pattern of purplish bruises—far more hideous than he had recalled—discolored the pale skin, so that it appeared almost as if someone had wrapped soot-blackened hands around her slim throat. Noting the direction of his gaze, she tugged the shawl higher beneath her chin until it concealed the discoloration.

Coolly he gestured her forward. In the time it took her to reach his desk, he had made a deliberate inventory of her charms, from her breasts—barely visible beneath the edge of her shawl—all the way down to her sensible black boots. By the time he returned his gaze to her face, she was blushing bright as her hair. The reaction surprised him, given her occupation . . . unless, of course, he had been wrong in that, as well.

"And have you come back to finish me off, then?" he wryly asked, breaking the silence. "I'm afraid I am fresh out of brandy decanters, but perhaps the fireplace poker might prove more efficient against a man's skull."

"I am quite sorry for that, my lord," she replied and blushed still brighter, if such a thing were possible. "That is one reason I have come back, to thank you for coming to my aid and to offer an apology. I fear I did not have all my wits about me yesterday morning, so that my only thought was of escape."

"And you managed that quite neatly, did you not?"

At least his curiosity now was satisfied as to her voice. It had a certain, not unpleasant huskiness to it—doubtless a temporary result of her injuries—but other than that her manner and accent were more ton than cit. If not gently born, then she did an admirable job in mimicking her betters. Or perhaps she was not, as he had thought, a common prostitute but simply a woman in the wrong place at the wrong time. A couple of important questions did remain . . . to wit, had she come back of her own accord?

And, if so, then what did she want of him?

A host of possibilities, most of them grim, mentally presented themselves. He ignored them for the moment and leaned back in his chair, surveying her.

"Very well, I am willing to chalk up your actions to the fright you suffered, and I am pleased to know you are recovered from that unfortunate incident. Still, I find myself at a disadvantage here. You know my name, but I don't know yours. So just who in the hell are you?"

Amaryllis met his implacable gaze and momentarily hesitated. She had not forgotten a detail of Blackstock's face— the coldly piercing black eyes, the sensuous mouth, the strongly chiseled nose and chin. Neither had she forgotten the almost palpable air of dark arrogance that cloaked him, like that of an errant angel who did not care he'd been banished from heaven.

What she had managed to forget was her own reaction to him, a decidedly female flutter of nervous admiration hardly appropriate to a woman who prided herself on her independence.

Sternness of mind, she told herself and quashed that wayward emotion before she answered. "My name is Amaryllis Godwin, my lord," she obliged, deliberately using her friend Mary's surname in place of her own, as she had planned.

Blackstock shot her a quizzical frown. "I am vaguely acquainted with a William Godwin. A self-styled philosopher, once drew the like of Wordsworth and Coleridge about him, always dipped too deep. And if I recall correctly, his wife was responsible for some foolish tract on female emancipation."

"Christ!" he added before she could answer, his frown deepening into outright dismay. "Surely those two aren't your parents?"

"I can claim no relation," she stiffly retorted, "but I can also assure you that the late Mrs. Godwin's writings are not foolishness. Hers was a single sensible voice rising above a sea of masculine bluster."

She regretted her heated words, however, when Blackstock allowed himself a cool smile. "Quite the radical, are you not? Tell me, Miss Godwin, are you also a philosopher?"

"I have not come here to discuss philosophy, my lord," she replied, eager to cut short that line of conversation lest it lead to further personal revelations. "It happens I am here on other business."

The amusement in his expression vanished. "Ah, yes, you mentioned that your apology was but one reason you were here. Shall I hazard a guess at that other?"

His question held a note of blunt insinuation, so that she choked back an outraged gasp. Too late she recalled Talbot's comment that the earl had presumed she was a fallen woman. With that the case, she had a good idea just what sort of proposal he expected from her.

His next words, however, took her quite by surprise.

"Very well, Miss Godwin, since we've made our way past the preliminaries, take a seat and let us get down to business. But I must warn you that if your intention is to soak me on a regular basis, you will find yourself sadly out of luck. I buy a person's silence but a single time. So, tell me, how much do you require not to rush to the authorities with claimsthat I tried to murder you the other night?"

Buy her silence . . . rush to the authorities?

Amaryllis straightened in the chair she'd taken and regarded him with unfeigned dismay. Here she had spent the better part of two days gathering her courage to ask Blackstock for his help, and the fiend suspected her of plotting blackmail? It simply was not to be borne! She might almost prefer he think her a woman of loose virtue.

But as she opened her mouth to protest, her gaze lit on a crumpled sheet of paper propped against an inkwell on his desk. Forgetting her indignation, she exclaimed, "Why, that is mine!"

Too late she realized her mistake as Blackstock followed her gaze to a charcoal sketch of an overblown rose and a gnarled hand. It was one of the drawings she had made during the anatomy lesson. She'd not realized it was missing from the sketchbook, though how it came to be here, she could not guess. But what mattered now was that she had all but revealed to the earl her connection with Talbot.

As she cast about for some means to cover that blunder, he caught up the drawing and shot her a keen look. "Do you mean, Miss Godwin, that you found the sketchbook that this drawing came from lying about somewhere and claimed it as your own. Or do you mean that you drew this and the other sketches yourself?"

"What I mean, my lord—"

She broke off, prudence waging a battle against pride. An expression of polite disbelief had settled over Blackstock's features, so that she knew he did not think her capable of such work. It would surely complicate matters if he accepted her claim as artist and then asked an unsuspecting Talbot to return the sketchbook to her; still, it went against all she believed in to deny her talent.

She took a deep breath. "What I mean, my lord," she curtly finished, "is that I drew them."

Blackstock regarded her with unfeigned surprise, and she could almost read his thoughts. Any woman professing to artistic talent should properly draw flowers or, more daringly, country landscapes. But human torsos and limbs!

"Tell me, Miss Godwin," he drawled, "where does a young woman such as you find the models for those sorts of drawings? Surely not at the Royal Academy, I would venture."

"Indeed not. The Royal Academy is a narrow-minded male bastion, with neither the wit nor the vision to allow women into their ranks," she replied. "As for my models, I merely observe the people about me."

"And do you often have occasion to observe gentlemen without their clothing?"

She shot him a scathing look. Really, but the man was almost beyond bearing. He made it sound as if capturing the naked human form on paper was somehow indecent, worse than being a woman of the streets.

"I believe, my lord, that is none of your concern. And now would you care to hear my proposal, or should I take my leave?"

"Propose away. I give you my undivided attention."

The look he fixed on her with those piercing dark eyes assured her that such indeed was the case. Clearing her throat, she began. "Very well, my lord. You might have been justified in your suspicions of my intentions, wrong as they are. You see, I have it on good authority that certain . . . people do suspect you of being the Barkshire Demon. As you know, the public is clamoring for that fiend to be stopped. I fear it is but a matter of time before these people whom I told you of make their suspicions publicly known, and you are arrested for murder."

"Believe me, Miss Godwin, it won't be the first time."

His dangerously soft reply stopped her. He seemed unconcerned by the prospect of such an accusation. It was almost as if he hoped it would come to that—scarcely the attitude of an innocent man. Deliberately, she suppressed those doubts and resumed speaking.

"I, on the other hand, know that you have nothing to do with the matter. You see, I managed quite a good look at the man who attempted to murder me, and you were not he. Moreover, I could readily identify him should I ever see him again."

"Indeed." Blackstock leaned back in his own chair, the very picture of a patronizing male as he surveyed her with a cool smile. "So why come to me with this? Why not tell the authorities what you know?"

"That is a reasonable question, my lord. Let me just say that I have my reasons for keeping silent in this matter. Perhaps it would help you to know that there are certain . . . unusual circumstances about what I witnessed that the police would undoubtedly not believe. I did, however, post an unsigned note to the chief inspector this very morning regarding the circumstances of my attack, along with a sketch of the man who assaulted me."

It had proved the best compromise open to her. She dared not let her father learn of the incident; still, she could not live with herself should another woman die at the Demon's hands, knowing she had withheld pertinent information from the authorities. Unfortunately, she rather suspected that those unimaginative men would dismiss her claims as the ravings of a hysterical female, despite her earnest explanations.

"Then you have done your duty as a citizen, Miss Godwin," the earl decreed, "though I am at a loss as to know what further use you might now have for me."

"Actually, my lord, I have come to enlist your help." When Blackstock lifted a questioning brow, she went on. "You see, I am not so foolish as to think I can undertake the task alone. Even should I find the Barkshire Demon again, I could hardly overpower him by myself. And that is where you come in."

She paused for breath, enthusiasm creeping into her voice.

"Since we know the killer's pattern in choosing his victims, it would be a simple matter for me to wander the streets the next foggy night and hope he would see fit to attempt to murder me a second time. As for your role, my lord, I would think that you might follow me at a safe distance, on foot or perhaps in your carriage, and then apprehend the man when he attacks—"

"One moment, Miss Godwin," the earl cut her short, his tone politely incredulous. "Am I to understand that you propose to track down the Barkshire Demon, yourself, when the king's best men thus far have failed . . . and that you want me to assist you in carrying out this plan?"

"I—I had rather hoped you would see the brilliant simplicity of it all and agree to help."

"Brilliant simplicity? How about bloody stupidity?"

The politeness was gone, the incredulity replaced now by outright disbelief. "What on earth made you think I would consent to wandering about on foggy nights searching for a madman?"

"Really, my lord, you need not resort to insults," she replied, stung. "It had occurred to me that, given the fact you could well be a prime suspect in the murders, you might wish to see the true killer caught."

"And supposing I did consent to this folly, you have forgotten something important. Though you might know what the Demon looks like, I do not."

"But that is easily remedied. I shall provide you with a sketch such as I gave the police."

He made no reply to that, so that she wondered if he might not be giving her proposal consideration after all. His answer, when it came, dispelled those hopes.

"Much as I admire your mettle, Miss Godwin, I fear I must decline your offer. As I implied, what you're proposing is folly, at best, and sheer madness, at worst . . . and on your account, not mine," he added when she opened her mouth to protest. "You've escaped the fiend once. Why don't you simply thank your lucky stars you are still alive and go about your business?"

Though not the answer for which she had hoped, it was the one Amaryllis had expected. Mixed with her disappointment, however, was a niggling sense of relief.

Now that she'd had more time to think over her plan, it occurred to her that she truly did not care to meet the Barkshire Demon again. Her hand crept toward her bruised throat. Perhaps she should do as Blackstock had suggested and let the proper authorities search out the killer, without her interference.

"Thank you for hearing me out, my lord," she said with formal dignity as she rose from the chair and bobbed a quick curtsy. "Again, I am grateful for your aid the other night, and I regret any injury I did you. Good day, my lord."

She had almost reached the library door, when Blackstock's careless drawl stopped her short. "One moment, Miss Godwin. You may be finished with me, but I have not concluded my business with you."

She turned to face him, aware that her heartbeat had quickened, though whether in dread or anticipation, she was not certain. With an effort, she schooled her expression to one of polite inquiry. "My lord?"

"It would seem, Miss Godwin, that your enthusiasm for making proposals is contagious. Indeed, I have conceived a proposal for you. Quite bluntly, I wish to offer you employment."

"Employment?" she echoed in a cautious voice, drawing her shawl more tightly about her throat.

Whatever could he mean? In the particular world that his lordship inhabited, unmarried women of her class traditionally were relegated to one of two roles—mistress or servant. He could hardly wish to make her the former, not on such short acquaintance. But chances were he did not want her to keep house for him, either.

"What I have in mind," he went on, "is a position eminently suited for a woman of your talents. I would require your services six days out of seven, and for several hours at a stretch. Even so, I believe you would not find the work onerous. You might well enjoy yourself once we get to know one another better. As for the compensation, I can assure you it would be more than generous."

She listened in growing dismay, scarce able to countenance what she was hearing. The man might not be a murderer, but he most definitely was a scoundrel. For surely what he was proposing was nothing short of scandalous.

"I am afraid I cannot consider such an offer, my lord," she managed in a haughty voice that shook but a little. "I am an artist, not a concubine. Now if I might take my leave—"

"Miss Godwin, you disappoint me. I expected greater originality of thought from a modern woman such as yourself."

So saying, Blackstock rose from his chair and started toward her. She watched him uncertainly, half-wondering if she might be forced to the same sort of drastic measures she'd employed at their last meeting. He halted but an arm's length away, so that she was compelled to look up to meet his gaze.

She had forgotten just how imposing a male he was.

It was not just the height and breadth of him, though those features were impressive enough. Rather it was the dangerous air about him, the air of a man who took what he wanted from life, the rest of the world be damned.

"Before you refuse me," he continued in the same unperturbed tones, "I suggest that you hear me out. You see, though I am certain you would make quite the charming concubine, I don't want you in my bed. It is your talents as an artist that I require."

"Oh. I—I see."

She blushed a fiery red, wondering if it were possible to expire from shame. If so, then her father would be preparing her grave right now, so foolish did she feel. How could she have supposed that a sophisticated man like Blackstock—and he an earl, no less!—would have any carnal interest in her?

As if he read her thoughts, the barest hint of a smile twisted his sensuous lips.

"You are right, of course. l could not expect you to accept a post without your first knowing a bit more about what it entails. So, if you dare accompany me elsewhere, I will show you in greater detail just exactly what I wish you to do."





The cool challenge in Blackstock's words was more than she could bear, as surely he must have intended it to be. Forgetting any doubts as to his motives, Amaryllis raised her chin and met his gaze with an equally cold look of her own.

"I do dare, my lord, so please lead on."

By way of answer, he walked over to the French doors and pulled them open. Immediately beyond lay a narrow terrace of white marble that ran the width of the house. It was edged by a waist-high stone balustrade, unbroken save for an arm's breadth wide gap at its centermost point, where she glimpsed steps leading to the grounds below. Making her the slightest of mocking bows, Blackstock gestured her outside. Head high, she marched past him out onto that terrace . . . and then promptly halted in surprise.

For below her lay an unkempt section of blooming greenery, nigh impassable save for where vestiges of graveled paths divided the plot into quarters. At the juncture of these walkways sat a marble pool overrun with vines. From that tangle rose a naked stone maiden attempting to fill that dry basin from her empty vase. Four other statues, set equidistant from each other and lichen-scabbed almost beyond recognition, peered blindly about them. Bluish afternoon shadows spread like a pox and thickened the air of neglect that hung over the plot.

This had once been a charming formal garden, Amaryllis guessed, drawing her shawl against the breeze that swept it. Now, however, it would require an army of gardeners to restore the plot to its original beauty.

Not waiting for any comment, Blackstock made his way down the cracked marble steps and plunged into the chaos. She had no choice but to follow after him.

Vines tugged at her skirt, while broken bits of crockery among the gravel bruised her slippered feet. Thankfully their destination proved no farther than the large outbuilding beside the stables. The single-story structure was of the same dark stone as the town house, but there the similarity ended.

Broad windows ran the length of either side and stretched almost from ground to roof. In place of the usual slate tiles above, framed panels of glass served instead, while an elaborate series of gutters ran its perimeter. At either end of that peculiar roof, a stone chimney breathed lazy wisps of smoke.

"Here we are, Miss Godwin," the earl said, his words cutting short her inspection. He opened a pair of uncurtained French doors—their glass panes gleaming in sharp contrast to the unkempt garden—and once more gestured her to proceed him. Hesitantly Amaryllis stepped inside.

Her first impression was that of a single large room, its contents blunted by shadows despite the late afternoon sun gleaming through the glass roof above. The air within was damp and warm, heavy with the unmistakable scent of freshly turned earth that put her in uncomfortable mind of a new grave. Another scent was an equally identifiable—the faint, unmistakable odor of manure.

Her uncertainty grew as, soft footwear whispering against the damp flagstone beneath her feet, she started forward. Immense dark shapes loomed on either side of her while, before her, she made out a series of waist-high rectangular shapes. She hesitated, hearing the distinctive clink of metal against glass as Blackstock proceeded to light a lantern. A moment later, yellow light spilled around her to reveal the building's secret.

What she had expected to see, she was not certain. Surely not this veritable jungle that now confronted her. Along either row of windows, immense espaliered shrubs sprang from oversized wooden tubs. A few had been pruned back to a semblance of formal shape. The rest sprawled with unruly vigor, their tall canes and twisting vines—some sporting delicate new buds of pink or red—threatening to overwhelm their heavy lattice supports.

The building was a hothouse, she realized, artificially heated so that plants could grow and blossom out of season. She noted in either of its nearer two corners what appeared to be rain barrels, with waterspouts cleverly set through the outer walls. Doubtless, they were meant to conveniently channel inside the water collected from the gutters she'd noted without.

She saw now that the wide aisle between those living walls of greenery was taken up by a series of sturdy wooden tables. The one immediately before her held all manner of gardening implements—spades, tuning forks, pruning knives—and a collection of odd-sized containers. Upon the other tables sat neat rows of clay pots, each containing small, green-leafed shrubs—some with but a hint of new buds, others in full flower.

By now Blackstock had lit another lamp, so she could see that from each pot hung a tiny wooden placard. Upon each placard was inked a name—some in French, a few in English, a goodly number of others in Latin. She straightened and shot his lordship a look of surprise.

"Why, all of these are roses."

Victor heard the note of cautious interest in her tone, and he nodded in satisfaction.

"I believe that is a Rosa damascena bifera directly before you. You'll find other Damasks alongside it—the Tuscany, the Celsiana, and one of my late father's creations that he named the Maiden Helene, after my mother. The next table over, you'll find various species of Gallicas . . . and the tables after that, Albas and Chinas. Do take a closer look, if you wish."

She seemed not to notice his scrutiny as she wandered the row of the mature specimens that lined one windowed wall. She halted before one and reached a questioning hand toward a single burst of pink blossoms. He heard her quick gasp of dismay as she drew back abruptly and stripped off one glove. As he watched, a crimson drop welled from her forefinger.

"Did you know, Miss Godwin," he remarked, "that the ancient Romans believed the first rose sprang from the blood of the goddess Venus? And there are several other charming legends surrounding the rose. My favorite is the tale of how the red rose got its color. Would you care to hear it?"

"Certainly, my lord," she replied, then daintily sucked upon that abused finger.

He hesitated, distracted at the sight. There was something highly erotic about the gesture, the more so because he sensed her complete innocence of any seductive intent. A sudden heat flared in his groin as he imagined her kneeling on the flagstone before him while that soft pink mouth performed a similar service upon his person. They'd not be disturbed here, since he'd given Monique and the staff strict orders never to enter without an invitation from him. Hell, they could spend the rest of the afternoon—

Brutally Victor suppressed the remainder of that most intriguing scenario from his thoughts. Clearing a sudden huskiness from his throat, he began.

"It seems the first rose blossomed with petals of so pure a white that it fairly gleamed. A nightingale was enraptured by its beauty and, passing too closely, became impaled upon its thorns. As he lay dying, his heart's blood spilled upon those snowy petals . . . and ever after the rose bloomed a brilliant shade of crimson in tribute to his love."

She gave him a faint smile. "Blood and roses . . . odd how they seem so closely tied together in legend. It is a charming story, Lord Blackstock. Still, it escapes me how this could be connected with offering me employment. If it is a gardener you seek, I fear I have no talent with growing plants."

"Ah, but you see, Miss Godwin, I do."

He spared a look of pride at the neat rows of flourishing cuttings and seedlings, then slanted her a darkly questioning look. "Of course, there are some that might consider such an avocation to be, shall we say, an unmasculine sort of pursuit."

"Not at all, my lord," she warmly protested, much to his relief. "It would seem to me that growing any sort of living creature, plant or animal, requires equal parts science and art, and surely much hard work."

"Then you are more perceptive than most. As it happens, growing roses has been a tradition with my family for the past several generations," he explained. "My great-grandmother was a rosarian of some note in her native France before she married an English man and made her home here. She passed on her love of roses to her son—my grandsire—who later built this hothouse. My father kept up the tradition, propagating various new species until his death two years ago."

"And you elected to carry on his legacy," she interposed and bent to sniff at a just-bursting red bud.

Victor let his gaze linger upon her rounded buttocks, neatly emphasized by the seductive drape of her gown's thin muslin. Then, realizing he'd been distracted again from his purpose, he gave himself a mental shake before making his wry reply.

"To be quite truthful, Miss Godwin, the legacy took over me. You see, I had long since rejected my father's obsession with cultivating his shrubs and creating new varieties by crossing various stocks. I saw all this"—he paused and gestured at the profusion of greenery—"as the idle indulgence of a man with too much time and money on his hands. I fear that, when I returned home after my parents' deaths, I simply allowed the place to run riot. . . much as that square of garden through which we just passed. One of the footmen kept the shrubs watered, but that was the extent of it."

"One would scarce believe that, for everything is so tidy and flourishing now," she said with a puzzled frown. "I always thought that roses did not bloom until the summer months, yet many of these already are in full flower."

"There are techniques used to make roses bloom at other times of the year . . . forcing, it is called. As you can see, I have had some success in that area, though I have far to go yet to become the expert that my father and his father were."

"But you seem to have made a magnificent start, my lord, for all you once claimed to scorn the work. Tell me, what happened to change your mind?"

He'd anticipated the question; still, he hesitated, wondering what sort of reply to make. That, in the days following Jane Belfleur's murder, he'd needed a refuge from the memories of her blood and her screams? That he'd been dogged by vicious rumors and banned from every elite club and polite household in London? That anger and resentment had consumed him, so he'd not been fit company for civilized people, anyhow?

He finally settled upon evasiveness.

"Let us just say, Miss Godwin, that I felt in need of solace one day and impulsively made my way out here. For a lack of anything better to occupy myself, I began pruning the dead canes from one of the overgrown shrubs. It was a mindless sort of task, but oddly satisfying once I'd finished. I came back the next day and the day after that. By the end of the week, I'd become just as obsessed with it all as my father had ever been."

"I see. But I still do not know what any of this has to do with me."

"It is quite simple," he said with a faint shrug. "In addition to restoring my father's hothouse, I have embarked upon a project of my own. I intend to publish a volume entitled On the Care and Propagation of Roses, with the text a comparative study of traditional sources and four generations' worth of my family's own observations."

He paused, watching her closely to judge her reaction as he continued.

"It suddenly has occurred to me that such a book would be greatly enhanced by a comprehensive series of illustrative prints. I've already seen several samples of your work, and I am impressed with your skill. I would presume, as well, that you are equally adept at watercolors. Thus, Miss Godwin, I want to commission you to do the original paintings from which the etchings for my book would be made."

"You are saying, my lord, that you wish me to paint roses?"

"Exactly."

Amaryllis stared at him in silence a moment, excitement and dismay battling within her. This was what she had been dreaming of, a chance to actually earn a livelihood from her artwork. Moreover, should Blackstock give her credit as the book's illustrator, that professional exposure could well lead to similar such commissions. It was an opportunity that she could ill afford to refuse.

But she must.

She stifled an inner groan. From the earl's brief description of the project, she could see that it could well take weeks, or even months, to complete her work. How could she possibly keep her brother from learning what she was about for that length of time? His reaction should he discover the truth did not bear thinking upon. Moreover it would be nearly as difficult enough to keep up her fictional identity before Blackstock. What if he asked her about her family, wanted to know where she lived? And what of her name, when it came time to credit her for her work?

But those problems all paled before the matter of greatest concern, that she hardly knew the man well enough to say whether or not he could be trusted.

"You appear uncertain, Miss Godwin," his voice broke in on her thoughts. "Perhaps if I tell you the wages I intend to offer."

The figure he named made her gasp outright. Indeed, if the commission lasted but a single month, she would have garnered more money than she could make in a year of teaching young girls to sketch . . . and certainly more money than she could expect from mending a linen chest's worth of torn lace.

Almost without realizing what she was doing, she nodded. "Very well, Lord Blackstock," came her breathless reply, "I accept the job."

"I am pleased to hear it. I will, of course, supply you with whatever canvases and paints you might require. And I would like you to begin tomorrow. Nine o'clock, shall we say, since I don't keep Society's hours."

"Tomorrow will be just fine, my lord."

Her mind awhirl, Amaryllis waited while he turned down the lamps again and, gesturing her outside, shut the French doors behind them. Then, still marveling over the enormity of what she'd agreed to, she followed as Blackstock retraced their earlier path through the overgrown garden back to the library.

It wasn't until they were back inside that cozy room that he spoke again. "I'll have Derek drive you home," he said and gave the bell pull a tug.

She stared back at him in alarm. If this Derek learned where she lived, he could easily pass on that information to the earl who, in turn, might manage to learn her true name and her connection to Talbot. If so, her position might well be terminated before it ever began.

"Indeed that is not necessary. I can easily walk—"

"It is near dark, Miss Godwin, and I'll not have a female in my employ wandering the streets alone. Or was not one encounter with the Barkshire Demon enough for you?" he asked with a lift of one brow.

She suppressed a shiver. In truth she did not relish the long walk home again, and she'd not coin enough to spare for another hired hack. She could simply have the man set her off a street away from her true destination.

"Put that way, Lord Blackstock," she replied, "I accept this offer as well."

His summons was promptly answered by Peters, whom he gave swift instruction. Though his surprise at the news of Amaryllis's employment was evident, the butler prudently made no comment.

"Oh, and Miss Godwin," the earl's voice stopped her as she prepared to follow the butler out, "one last thing. If you wish to retrieve your sketchbook, you might call on Dr. Talbot Meeks. I believe that he makes his lodgings at an old church somewhere on Whitten Street."

"I shall make a point of it," she answered, grateful that he had inadvertently solved one of her problems at least. She need only tell him on the morrow that she had located said doctor and recovered her property, and that matter would be settled. As for juggling the rest of her secrets, she would be on her own.

Bobbing Blackstock a quick curtsy, she let a dour Peters escort her out to the front step, where she waited for the carriage to be brought around. It proved to be an elegant black affair with the Saville family coat of arms prominently emblazoned upon either side. That crest, appropriately enough, prominently featured stylized roses on one of its quartered fields . . . the same design as engraved upon the heavy gold ring that the earl wore.

Not until after Derek, with a cheeky, "glad t'see yer recovered, miss," helped her inside, and they were rumbling down the street, did she realize that her hands were trembling. At the same time, she saw that she had left behind the single glove she'd pulled off when she pricked her finger.

"Blast," she murmured with a shake of her head, and then allowed herself a broad smile. It seemed she could not take her leave of Blackstock without leaving one or another of her possessions behind. Little matter. With the salary the earl was paying her, she could well afford a dozen new pairs of gloves, if she so chose.

Immediately she sobered. Given the extraordinary wages he would be paying, he would certainly expect nothing less than her best efforts. That she would give him. But what if he wanted something more from her than her skills as an artist?

She leaned back against the tufted seat and shut her eyes, unwillingly summoning his image to her mind. For, deny it as she might to Talbot, she did fancy Blackstock's dramatic good looks. Moreover she already knew what it was like to feel his strong arms around her. Then his had been the iron-hard embrace of a captor restraining his quarry. What would it be like, she wondered, to have him hold her that close but for entirely different reasons?

A sudden heat suffused her, and she shifted restlessly against the sumptuous bench. Was it her imagination, or did the butter-soft leather hold a hint of his scent? If she took a deep breath, she could almost breathe that now-familiar mixture of fine-milled soap mingled with the faint male scent of his flesh.

Just in time, she stopped herself from running caressing fingers against the leather and instead managed a shaky laugh. To think she had been concerned that Blackstock might force his attentions on her. Indeed it might well be the earl who was in danger of such unwanted attentions. For the romantic within her could not deny that there was something quite exciting about desiring a man whom one was not quite sure one entirely liked or trusted.

Sternness of mind, the practical voice within her, as always, spoke up. The earl had hired her to do a job, and she should do it . . . nothing more, nothing less. Let her friend, Mary, be the one to flit about with unsuitable men who could only bring her grief.

She would remain an independent woman and quite happily so.

Victor leaned back in his well-worn leather chair and contemplated the pale yellow glove on the desk before him. He had spotted it left behind on one of the tables on his way out of the greenhouse. Busy with turning down the lamps, he'd merely tucked the glove in his waistcoat, intending to return it to its owner once they'd reached the house. But she'd not asked, and he had forgotten until after the carriage pulled away. Now the glove—slim fingers slightly curled— lay in quirky counterpoint alongside its owner's drawing of the hand and rose.

He briefly shut his eyes, certain there was some profound symbolism to be found there but unable to interpret it. More pressing a problem now was what to do about a certain Miss Amaryllis Godwin.

He had been oddly pleased to discover that she was no soiled dove. The fact she believed him innocent of intending to harm her had been an equally welcome revelation. Still, her mad scheme to track down the real Barkshire Demon had proved her as impractical a female as his sister or any other woman. That was why his impulsive offer of employment had surprised him as much as it had her.

To be sure, his notion of adding illustrations to his book had been an excellent one. Doubtless that very idea would have occurred to him, sooner or later, and he would have been forced to seek out an artist anyway. But a female painter . . . and her in particular? Victor managed a wry smile. The chit must have dealt him a more serious injury to his brain than he had imagined.

But what other excuse could you have made for wanting to see her again?

The question arose unbidden in his mind, and he frowned. True she was attractive. Not his usual type, perhaps, but the sort to stir a certain masculine interest wherever she went. And the air of innocent sensuality that clung to her like an attar of roses had drawn him from the first.

Drawn him?

Victor shook his head in disgust. Hell, he'd pawed her like a lusty schoolboy that night in the carriage. Only the intervention of an inconvenient conscience had stopped him from taking her then, swooning or not. The series of rose illustrations he needed would require her working alongside him in the hothouse for hours at a time. With such proximity, how long would it be before he found himself in the same sort of situation again?

He'd always had contempt for the nobles who took advantage of their station, tumbling the governess or under-parlor maid whenever they took the fancy. They did so safe in the knowledge that the women would dare not complain lest they lose their post and be tossed onto the streets without a reference. And while he had no illusions as to Miss Godwin's innocence—for had she not proclaimed herself a modern woman?—he would consider her under his protection while in his employ and thus out of bounds for his attentions.

Deliberately he reached out to touch the glove's kid forefinger. As he did so, he recalled the way she'd sucked on that same injured digit as they had toured the hothouse. While Penelope would have turned the simple gesture into a provocative display—complete with coy glances and an excess of sound—Amaryllis Godwin had appeared totally unaware of the effect she was having on him.

Innocent, yes . . . but damned seductive all the same. The very memory was enough to send a hot, hard surge of desire racing through him. For a moment, he was tempted to snatch up that tiny glove and use it upon himself in a most creative manner to gain a bit of relief. Then maybe he'd be able to think with his brain instead of with his balls.

He stifled a groan and snatched back his hand, then waited for the burgeoning sensation in the region of his crotch to subside on its own. The entire situation was nothing sort of ludicrous, and any sensible man would put a stop to it at once. Still, he had made the offer, and she had accepted it. He could hardly renege now without looking the fool.

"The solution is quite simple," he muttered aloud. "You let the chit paint roses, and you keep your hands off her while she's doing it."

He groaned again and raked an impatient hand through his dark hair. A simple solution, yes.

The question was, could he actually manage it?





"My idea, Miss Godwin, is to furnish two plates for each variety of rose covered in the text," the Earl of Blackstock coolly said. "One will show the specimen in the early stages of budding, with emphasis on the leaves and stem. The second should depict the flower itself in full glory, with careful attention to color and petal shape."

He paused and pulled from his coat pocket a sheet of foolscap, which he handed to Amaryllis. Shading her eyes against the bright morning light spilling through the glass roof of the hothouse, she scanned the list. More than a score of varieties had been inked there in a firm, masculine hand.

"As you can see, some of these plants are still in the budding stage, while others are in full flower," he went on. "The latter are the ones you will want to concentrate upon first, since their display lasts but a short while. As for the rest of them, it will be anywhere from a week to a fortnight from now before they actually begin to bloom . . . though, again, their flowers will swiftly die off. Thus you will have your work cut out for you these next weeks."

"I am certain you are right, my lord," she said with a wry smile as she calculated the number of paintings required against the time allowed. "l believe that today I will begin by plotting the location of each species here on my list. Afterward, I will commence with a few preliminary sketches of those varieties already flowering."

"How you manage is quite up to you, Miss Godwin. I simply expect results. If you need any of the larger specimens moved about for any reason, Derek"—he nodded in the direction of the coachman, who was lounging against one of the far tables—"will lend a hand. And now, if you will excuse me, I must be about my own work."

His tone was curt; indeed he'd been quite as aloof from the moment she rang the bell almost an hour earlier. Was he regretting the offer he had made her, she wondered, or was this simply Blackstock's usual way of dealing with people?

Probably a little of both, she decided now as she matched his formal manner.

"I shall endeavor not to interrupt you, my lord. I would ask one favor, however." She hesitated, feeling suddenly quite the fool, and then plunged on. "If you would, my lord, I would ask you simply to address me as Amaryllis."

Blackstock shot her a look of well-bred surprise, so that she felt herself blush.

"Indeed, Miss Godwin, I have always discouraged this sort of informality with my female employees," he coolly returned. "It tends to lead to certain, shall we say, presumptions on both parts."

"I—I quite understand, my lord. I would ask, however, that you indulge me in this."

She met his gaze, even as she felt her blush deepen. It was a presumption, she knew, and he might well interpret her request as an invitation for a more personal relationship between them. Her motives, however, were much more basic. The simple fact was, her innate sense of honesty rebelled at keeping up a pseudonymous identity.

Not that she'd lied about her name for any more nefarious reason save than concealing her connection to Talbot, she reminded herself. Still, she would feel less guilty about the whole matter should she not be forced to answer to a name that was not hers. Besides, it would be embarrassing in the extreme should she momentarily forget the surname with which she had saddled herself.

To her relief, Blackstock merely shrugged. "As you wish, Amaryllis," he replied, then allowed himself a faint smile. "Rather amusing, is it not? A single exotic bloom among all these common roses."

With that extraordinary comment, Blackstock turned on his heel and started toward the far end of the hothouse. There he disappeared into the small room that he'd previously informed her contained a modern water closet and a separate dressing area. A moment later, he stepped back out, minus his black jacket, snowy neck cloth, and gray waistcoat. More shocking, his shirt collar was undone, and his shirtsleeves were rolled to his elbows. Having seemingly forgotten her presence, he gestured Derek over.

Amaryllis stared outright as the pair caught up a section of new wooden latticework, nearly as long as the hothouse itself, that lay along one row of windows. As she watched, they lifted that heavy framework head-high; then, amid much discussion, they began positioning it between a series of wooden pegs that had already been installed at intervals along that wall.

The process took several moments, long enough for her to marvel over the fact that the refined Earl of Blackstock was not averse to laboring like a commoner. It also gave her ample time to determine that his lordship possessed a physique that would be the envy of any Royal Academy model. Though she was too far away to make out the individual play of muscles beneath his fine lawn shirt and tight black breeches, her distant perspective allowed her to admire the magnificent way those various muscle groups worked together as a whole.

Aware all at once that she was gaping like a smitten schoolgirl, she turned her attention back to her list. Here she had been in Blackstock's employ a mere hour, and already she was finding it difficult to keep her mind on her work. Unless she practiced sternness of mind, she would never accomplish anything.

She gave herself a mental shake, even as she blotted her suddenly damp palms against the cotton smock she wore over her simple gray muslin gown. Then, taking up a pencil and notebook, she began moving up and down the wood tables. Her first task was plotting a straightforward diagram of the various roses. Once she had worked with the plants for a while, she doubtless would be able to pick out the individual species on sight. For now, though, she would use the list to jog her memory.

As the earl had said the day before, the plants were grouped about the tables by class—Albas, Gallicas, Damasks, and Centifolias. Upon her arrival this morning, he had given her a brief explanation as to the breakdown of their scientific names. He quoted her Linnaeus's Species Plantarum with the same fervor that another man of his rank might spout Byron or Shelley.

But there was poetry to be found among these thorny brambles, and not only in their graceful lines. Their common names, she now saw, were listed upon their placards along with the Latin nomenclature. Amaryllis swiftly decided she much preferred those designations. How much more romantic it would be to hand one's beloved a Cuisse de nymphe—a "Maiden's Blush"—or a "Rose of a Hundred Leaves," rather than the scientific equivalent.

As she listed each variety by location, she decided to take preliminary notes on each rose's characteristics. Having never been much taken with botanicals before—men always expected women to paint flowers; therefore she rarely did— she found to her surprise just how different each species was from the others.

The Gallicas, she dubbed the gentlewomen of the group, slender and upright, their regal bearing enhanced by their small bristling thorns. Taller and more sprawling than their prim sisters were the Damasks, their large thorns and long leaves of gray-green leaves giving them a more blowsy air. The Albas were the hoydens of the group—taller still, yet oddly delicate, with only a handful of thorns. Most unusual were the moss roses, small and thorny creatures, the velvety capes of brown or dark green fuzz along a portion of their stems giving them their name.

The process of organizing the plants upon paper took her most of the morning. So engrossed was she in the task that she had no trouble ignoring the unsettling presence of Blackstock. Even the sound of the men's labor fast faded to the back of her thoughts. It wasn't until her stomach began an urgent grumbling that she finally halted. A glance at the sun through the glass panes above confirmed her stomach's contention that the noon hour was upon them.

She set down her notebook and pencil on the potting table, then brushed back a damp strand of red hair that had worked free of its pins. More than once, she had considered shearing her long tresses in the convenient short style that was the mode. Vanity, however, had always stopped her. Perhaps she should reconsider in the name of comfort, given that she would be spending the next several weeks here.

Indeed it was far warmer in the hothouse than she was used to, for her father was notoriously clutch-fisted with coal. She untied her long smock and slipped out of it; then, with a sigh of relief, she pulled out one of the tall stools that were shoved beneath the table and settled upon its teetering height. Little wonder that Blackstock elected to work here in his shirtsleeves.

Blackstock.

Frowning, she looked about only to discover that both the earl and Derek were gone. She had been so caught up in making her notes that the pair had slipped past her and out the door without her even noticing.

So what was she to do now? Presumably she was allowed a meal and a few minutes in which to eat it. The question was, did she go tapping at the kitchen door like a street waif, or did she join the rest of the staff? While she'd not mind breaking bread with Derek, the thought of Peters's sour face presiding over the table was enough to give one indigestion. Yet even as she was debating the issue, one of the French doors opened a few inches, and a pair of merry dark eyes peered around its edge.

"Good. He's not here," observed a tinkling voice.

As Amaryllis watched in surprise, the door opened all the way to admit a pretty, dark-haired girl in a white gown carrying a napkin-covered silver tray. Still more amazing was the fact that, perched upon the tray's edge, was a gray-and-red parrot. The girl slipped inside and started in Amaryllis's direction.

"You mustn't say a word to Victor about my being here," she urged with a conspiratorial smile. "Cook only let me carry this out to you because I threatened to put a toad in her bed if she didn't. And I would have, too. I simply was dying to meet you."

So saying, she set down the tray on the potting table. The parrot gave an aggrieved squawk and promptly flapped over to the nearest of the fledgling rosebushes, perching on the edge of its clay container. Then, with the grace of a rope dancer, the bird stretched out its neck and with its dark gray beak delicately snipped the plant in half.

"Oh, Wilhelm, whatever possessed you?" the girl gasped out and rushed to scoop up the wayward feathered creature.

The bird docilely hopped onto her outstretched hand. "Oh, Wilhelm," he echoed in a sad tone while the girl stared at what remained of the rose seedling.

"We mustn't tell Victor . . . promise me you won't," she exclaimed, turning a dismayed look on Amaryllis. "Why, he might wring poor Wilhelm's neck, and all for a silly old bush. You see, we're not even supposed to be in here, though it's not as if Wilhelm makes a habit of chewing upon plants. At least, not too often."

"Not too often," the parrot agreed.

Amaryllis suppressed a smile at the unlikely pair's melodramatic manner.

"I won't say a word," she promised as, catching up the mutilated vine, she tucked it into the pocket of her discarded smock. "There, I've hidden the evidence. When I go home tonight, I'll toss it into the gutter blocks from here, so that his lordship will never be the wiser."

The girl stared back at her a moment, then burst into tinkling laughter. "Oh, I knew I would like you from the moment I learned you were brave enough to cosh my brother over the head. Of course, Vic would never hurt a pet of mine . . . but he would carry on, so that you'd think Wilhelm's little lapse was the slaughter of the innocents or some such nonsense."

"The Earl of Blackstock, he is your brother?" Amaryllis asked in surprise, having heard nothing more of what the girl said beyond that extraordinary fact.

Somehow she'd assumed the earl had no family. Still, she could see a noticeable resemblance between brother and sister—their dramatic good looks, the arrogant way they held their heads, the sensual mouths. But taciturn as Blackstock was, his sibling was loquacious. And while his lips tended to twist with cool irony, the girl's quirked with suppressed humor.

She was smiling now.

"Did you not know? I am Lady Monique. This, of course, is Wilhelm"—she paused to make kissing sounds against the bird's gray-feathered head—"and you must be Miss Godwin, are you not?"

At Amaryllis's nod, Monique gave her a considering look.

"Surely you're not the same Miss Godwin whom the scandal sheets said ran off with that poet. . . what was his name?"

Amaryllis felt her cheeks redden. Blast it all, but she should have chosen a different alias, given her friend Mary's current notoriety.

"I believe you mean Mr. Shelley, but I assure you it was not I. And do call me Amaryllis."

"So I shall. I suppose it's only fair then that I give you leave to call me Monique."

With that pert reply, the younger girl whipped the cloth from the tray to display an impressive array of dried fruits, cheeses, and a portion of baked chicken. A carafe of water and two fist-sized loaves of bread completed the meal.

"I'm sure you will find this all to your liking, Amaryllis. And I did have Cook send out a bit extra, in case you might like some company."

That last held a certain wistful note that belied the girl's forward manner. It occurred to Amaryllis that, given her brother's unsavory reputation, Lady Monique might have few female friends near her own age.

"I would be pleased to have you join me, Monique . . . but from what you said earlier, I had the impression his lordship did not want you associating with me."

"Oh, Vic can be so stuffy at times," the girl said with a dismissive wave. "I think it had something to do with the fact he had assumed you were a common woman of the streets."

With that blunt explanation, she deposited Wilhelm on the table edge, and then pulled up another of the rickety stools to sit beside Amaryllis. Plucking a dried plum from the tray, she held it out to her pet. Wilhelm accepted the tidbit and proceeded to scatter bits of the purple fruit about as he made a feast of it.

"I used to come here all the time, when my father was alive," Monique confided as she reached for a plum of her own. "When I was young, I even helped him care for the bushes. I vow, it is quite a good deal of work. The roses must be watered and fertilized and fumigated on a regular basis. And the temperature must be kept just so—which means, depending on the season, one is always bringing in more coal or else adjusting the windows so that only a certain amount of fresh air and no more blows in."

"It does sound quite complicated," Amaryllis agreed as she helped herself to a wedge of fresh cheese and broke off a piece of the soft bread. "I must admit I never expected that caring for flowers could be so time-consuming. Your father must have appreciated all your assistance."

Monique nodded, even as she daintily wrinkled her nose.

"I fear I was much less help to him once I grew older. You see, it became rather tiresome, spending all day stirring up dirt and pouring in cups of manure tea for so many plants, with Mama always complaining that I smelled like a stable boy. I finally decided that I much preferred my roses in a vase. But when Papa died, there were no roses at all . . . so that is why I am pleased Victor has decided to carry on the Saville tradition."

She paused for a bite of cold chicken before fixing her bright gaze on Amaryllis again.

"It was rather odd, my brother hiring you after what happened. He said you are helping him with the book he intends to publish."

"I will be doing the illustrations for the various plates," she explained, gesturing at the open notebook with its few preliminary penciled renditions of roses. "His lordship saw some of my sketches and decided to offer me the commission."

"You are a painter?" the girl eagerly asked. "Could you do my portrait then? My great-grandmother had the most beautiful painting done of her wearing a white gown and surrounded by an arbor of red roses. Someday I will show it to you."

She paused, her delicate features taking on a dreamy look.

"Do you know, Amaryllis, that my great-grandmother always used to bathe in rose water? Every day she would take the petals of two dozen pink roses and scatter them in a marble tub filled with hot water. Then, after they had steeped a bit, she would climb right in with the flowers. That was why my great-grandfather fell in love with her, because she always smelled like roses. Perhaps if I bathed in rose water, I might have a suitor."

"But you must have dozens of young men dying for a kind word from you," Amaryllis protested in true surprise. "Surely at your coming out—"

"I have not yet been presented," the girl admitted, faint color darkening her pale cheeks. "I was to have been, but Mama and Papa died. And then with Victor . . . well, things just did not work out as one might have hoped."

Her words took on a world-weary, adult tone with that last observation, but Amaryllis heard the girlish pain that lay beneath. Doubtless Monique had been tarred by the same brush of scandal that colored her brother, so that she had been denied the opportunities that would ordinarily have been accorded a young woman of her rank.

Before she could offer any words of comfort, however, the girl resumed her cheerful tone. "At any rate, I would like my portrait to be just the same as Great-grandmama's, with me in a flowing white gown and surrounded by red roses . . . but with Wilhelm on my shoulder, of course."

"Of course," the parrot cheekily agreed.

"Of course," Amaryllis echoed them both with a smile. "If your brother proves satisfied with my work and wishes me to paint you as well, then I would be quite happy to do so."

Monique gave a nod, as if the matter were already settled, then changed the subject.

"Did you know that Victor told me about your encounter with the Barkshire Demon? I vow, I would have died of fright, even if the fiend did not manage to kill me. Those bruises on your neck . . . they must be from where he tried to strangle you before Victor whisked you away to safety, are they not?"

Reflexively Amaryllis's hand went to her throat. She'd known she would never be able to work with her shawl wrapped about her throat like a mustard plaster. Thus, this morning, she had applied a liberal dusting of rice powder to the purple splotches and tied a broad green riband about her neck as camouflage. Though that stratagem concealed the worst of the discoloration, her mirror told her it would be several days more until she dared appear in public with her throat exposed.

"They are, and I am quite grateful to your brother for his intervention," she replied, suppressing an involuntary shiver at the memory. "I most certainly would be dead now, had he not come along."

"But you saw the man who attacked you, did you not?"

At Amaryllis's nod, the girl went on. "I told Vic that he should have pressed you for a description of the man. That way he could have pursued the Barkshire Demon himself and been a hero by catching him. Then perhaps people would not whisper such awful things about my brother."

Monique's voice quavered a bit on those last words, and again Amaryllis felt her heart go out to the younger girl. For herself, she had been duly shocked by Talbot's account of the Belfleur woman's brutal killing. How much more painful it must be for Monique to know Blackstock was suspected of such a heinous crime, and that there was nothing she could do to prove him innocent.

"I did tell his lordship that I could identify the man," she gently said, "and I even suggested that the two of us attempt to track him down. However, as your brother pointed out, that is a task better handled by the proper authorities."

"Oh, pooh," was the girl's dismissive response. "Why, you and I together could probably catch him."

Amaryllis half-feared that the girl would suggest as much. Instead Monique slanted a shrewd look in her direction and added, "You know, I never would have expected Vic to be interested in a woman like you . . . someone with no wealth and no title, I mean."

"Oh, don't try to tell me that all he cares about is your painting," the girl cut Amaryllis short when she would have protested. "He may think I am too young to know about such things, but I am not. I am quite certain that he finds you attractive. And I will not believe you one whit if you say you do not find him handsome in turn."

"Really, Monique," she finally managed, "this is hardly the sort of subject that—"

"I thought that, when he first came home after Mama and Papa died, he would take a bride that very year," the girl chattered on, blithely ignoring her interruption. "Why, half a dozen of the girls who'd had their coming out that Season swore he was prepared to offer for them, though he never did. Of course, he has had his share of demimondaines, but I do not think his heart was ever involved."

She paused long enough to nibble daintily on a crumb of cheese.

"You are not stylish, nothing at all like the women of the ton, but you could be accounted an Original, nonetheless. And I know that Victor does not care for simpering females, so you are safe enough there. The only problem I could foresee is that, given his advanced age, he might prefer a woman with certain . . . experience."

She paused again, considering; then, favoring Amaryllis with a mischievous smile, she went on. "Victor has a copy of Essays on Far Eastern Marriage Customs in his library that quite explains everything one would ever need to know on the subject. I don't suppose you have ever read that particular volume before, have you, Amaryllis?"

"I would certainly hope that she has not," a grim masculine voice broke in.

Both women glanced up guiltily to see the Earl of Blackstock standing just inside the French doors. The look in his dark eyes was unreadable, though, had she to guess, Amaryllis would have said he was not amused. And, from his frosty tone, she also gathered that the book to which Monique had referred was not a work of high literature.

Though awash with mortification—dear Lord, just how much of their conversation had he overheard?—she climbed from her stool and made him a quick curtsy.

"Good afternoon, my lord. Lady Monique was kind enough to bring me refreshment, and I asked if she would join me. I trust you do not object."

Blackstock slanted her a dark look before turning an even more forbidding glance upon his younger sister.

"Lady Monique knows full well that she is not to be wandering the hothouse, with or without her bird. Neither is she to disturb you at your work. As for you, Miss Godwin"—he turned his attention back to Amaryllis—"l must insist that you refrain from indulging my sister in her foolishness. She has an unfortunate tendency to prattle on about subjects that she has no business discussing."

"Really, Vic," Monique broke in with a peevish sniff, "we were merely chatting, woman to woman. Why must you always treat me like such a child?"

"When you start acting like an adult, then I will accord you that courtesy. Until that time, I expect you to comply with my wishes . . . and that means keeping out of the hothouse and away from my employees. Do you understand?"

His sister shot him a mutinous look as she scrambled from her own chair.

"I understand, all right," she replied with a haughty lift of her chin. "I understand that you are quite the perfect beast . . . and I hope that you and your silly roses are quite happy together."

So saying, she gathered up Wilhelm and then turned to Amaryllis.

"I enjoyed talking with you, Miss Godwin, and I do hope you will still consent to paint my portrait one day. In the meantime, try not to let my brother bully you as he does me," she finished with an arrogant toss of her head and stomped out of the hothouse.

Uncertainly, Amaryllis watched her go. On the one hand, she felt vague responsibility for what had just happened; on the other, this appeared to be an ongoing battle of wills between the Saville siblings. Perhaps a bit of calm-headed mediation was called for. After all, it was apparent that—all battles aside—Monique was devoted to her brother. Taking a steadying breath, she turned toward Blackstock.

"If you ask me, my lord, you were a bit hard on Lady Monique," she bluntly spoke up. "Contrary to what you might believe, she appears quite mature for her years. Indeed, from what I can see, she can be faulted only for a certain forwardness of manner . . . and that is far preferable to the usual simpering one sees in girls her age."

"But I do not recall asking you, Miss Godwin," came his dangerously soft reply, "nor do I intend to stand here and meekly listen while you lecture me. My sister's welfare is my business, and mine alone. Your business is painting roses. Do I make myself clear?"

"Quite clear," she answered, her sympathy for Monique growing. Truly the man was impossible. It was a wonder that more women had not given way to frustration and bashed him over the head.

Having made his point, the earl gave her a curt nod and strolled past her toward the rear of the hothouse. She sighed and took up her notebook and pencil once again. Then, goaded by a sudden mischievous impulsive, she started after him.

"One moment, Lord Blackstock," she said as she caught up with him. "Perhaps you might satisfy my curiosity. I must confess to being ignorant of this volume—I believe she called it Essays on Far Eastern Marriage Customs—of which Lady Monique spoke. Is it perhaps a reference work that I might wish to borrow?"

Apparently it was a more scandalous work than she had guessed, for she had the satisfaction of seeing the earl's face turn a dull red. His tone, however, was cold enough to threaten the more tender vines as he replied through clenched teeth, "You won't be borrowing it from me, Miss Godwin . . . and I suggest that you refrain from requesting a copy at the local bookstall. Now if you will excuse me."

He took his leave with more haste than dignity, and Amaryllis suppressed a triumphant smile. So the dark angel had a mortal side to him after all. She had almost begun to believe that he did not. Indeed there was some comfort in knowing that the aloof Earl of Blackstock was prey to the entire spectrum of human emotion . . . including embarrassment.

Then Amaryllis's smile faded. By accident or design, Monique had stumbled across an uncomfortable truth. She did find Blackstock attractive—exceedingly so. But sensibly she'd held out no hope the earl might reciprocate her feelings . . . that was, until a few moments ago. Now she was free to wonder whether Monique's claim was but a girlish fancy or else an accurate assessment of her brother's point of view.

Neither answer boded well for her own uncertain heart.





I now understand the need that compelled you to run off with your Dashing Poet. I have not seen Him since that first day, and I wonder if I am a fool to carry on so . . . yet I would not trade this Sweet Agony for the bland existence that I led before. It has banished all else of importance from my thoughts, even my memories of that Fiend who still walks the London streets.

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





The entire situation was fast growing intolerable.

With a snort of disgust, Victor set his pen back on the desk and shut the volume of Parkinson's Paradisus Terrestris that had been open to the same page for the past hour. Beside it lay a half page of translated notes, the sum total of work he'd managed over the course of the morning that he had spent here in his library.

The ink on the paper had long since dried. Not bothering with sprinkling a bit of sand over the document, he tucked it within the book's pages. Then, almost reluctantly, he turned to the collection of small sketches that had been demanding his attention over the task at hand.

She had submitted them for his approval the afternoon before, leaving them stacked upon his hothouse worktable for him to find later that night. A curt, unsigned note in an elegant female hand—I trust this is the sort of depiction your lordship had in mind. Please advise me as soon as is convenient—had accompanied them.

The cool tone of her note had grated on him, so much so that he had set aside the drawings last night without so much as a glance at them. He would look them over when he damn well got around to it, not a moment sooner. But curiosity had clawed at him like an impatient cat, until he was ready now to concede that he'd not accomplish anything at all this day until he had complied with the chit's request.

With an air of silent challenge, he snatched up the top drawing in the stack and settled back in his chair. Then, abruptly straightening, he made his way through the rest of the almost two dozen different sketches.

They were but hurried depictions of every variety in his collection; still, with only a few pencil strokes, each drawing had captured the essence of that particular rose. From stamens and sepals, to calyxes and canes, they were set down with an attention to detail that he himself would have given. But it was not until he reached the last drawing in the stack that he found the true treasure—a single small watercolor of a Rosa alba foliacea, a white Alba rose.

Against a painted backdrop of yellow silk reminiscent of a woman's shawl, she had depicted the flower both as a bud and as a full-blown flower. The snowy petals of the former were softened by the slightest blush of pink, while the center ring of yellow stamens revealed in the mature rose glowed like a guinea. Even the roundish leaves and tiny thorns sprouting from a delicate stem were drawn in exquisite detail, so that he could almost reach out and pluck the rose from the page. But what caught his eye was a scattering of fallen petals and a single tiny brown feather in the drawing's lower corner, those objects half-hidden by a fold of the painted silk.

Blood had stained the once-white petals a brilliant crimson.

Victor stared at the painting for a long moment. She had remembered the legend he had told her of how the red rose got its color. Cleverly she had captured the tale of the nightingale and thorns in a few symbolic strokes, transforming a straightforward botanical study into something far more meaningful. Whether she had meant it as a jest or a warning, or simply as a display of her considerable skills, he was not certain. For the moment, however, none of that mattered.

He let out a breath he had not realized he'd been holding and allowed himself a cool, satisfied smile. If all her finished works proved as brilliant, then the first printing of On the Care and Propagation of Roses was bound to be a resounding success.

That brief moment of satisfaction faded, however, as his gaze drifted toward the French doors. Though they were closed against the afternoon sun, he managed through their delicate lace curtains to catch a tantalizing glimpse of the hothouse.

His hothouse.

With a disgusted snort, he set aside the watercolor and considered his current dilemma. These past several mornings, he had been rising with the servants to make his hurried rounds of his rose collection. In the gray light of dawn, he would stir the rose beds, water or fertilize each pot, snip off a dead bloom here and there, and then be gone. Just before nightfall, he would return to fumigate the plants with tobacco—that tactic designed to ward off leafhoppers—and finish up any other mundane task left undone. The hours in between, he spent cloistered in his library, unlike the past months when every daylight hour had seen him taken up with his new avocation.

The excuse he'd put forth to Monique and the staff was that he needed more time with his manuscript. To himself, he would only concede that he wanted a bit of a break from the tedious work involved. The truth, however, was something much simpler. He was doing his damnedest to avoid a certain red-haired chit who had been given the run of the place.

Victor uttered a pungent curse and got to his feet. In the beginning, the hothouse had served him as a refuge. Later it had become the major focus of his waking hours. Now the place was forbidden territory, a Faustian sort of spot where he dare not set foot lest he risk losing—not his soul, perhaps, but maybe his heart.

For he had known from the start that hiring Amaryllis was a mistake, even as he had ignored that inner voice of reason and done so anyway. It had taken barely half a day to prove himself right. The moment had come when he had walked into his hothouse to overhear his sister discussing the more intimate details of his personal life.

He raked an impatient hand through his dark hair at the memory. His first reaction had been one of angry embarrassment. Christ, she'd been talking as if he were a stud being offered up for auction at Tattersall's . . . instead of her brother and thus due a modicum of respect. He had managed to control his temper, however, contenting himself with shunting her back off to the house where she belonged. The small satisfaction he had derived from that had blunted the worst of his outrage.

By day's end, however, his anger had been supplanted by an even more compelling emotion—that of avid curiosity. For it had occurred to him that he had not heard Amaryllis's reaction to Monique's careless chatter. He had no notion as to what she thought of him. For some reason, it was important that he know . . . while at the same time, he knew it wouldn't make the slightest difference in his future.

Victor wryly shook his head. The years spent denying his titles and responsibilities notwithstanding, it seemed that a sense of familial responsibility had managed to sink ancient claws into him while he wasn't looking. Like it or not, he found himself finally ready to assume his proper role as earl and guardian of the Saville family name. The only thing he lacked now to carry out that obligation was a woman who could serve equally as a companion and a bed partner.

What he needed, it seemed, was a wife.

He had come to that conclusion over the past few days, and the notion still had an unsettling sort of newness about it.

Like tugging on a brand new pair of Hessians the first time, he told himself with a faint smile. He knew without being told that he would have to be careful lest, caught up in that newness, he settled on the first female to whom he took a fancy. The problem now was that there was a woman whom he fancied . . . and she was entirely unsuitable for the purpose, no matter that she had the most enchanting mouth.

Then discharge her, that same inner voice of reason spoke up again. Hell, you can always find someone else to take on the commission.

But in doing so, he would be conceding that she had some sort of hold over him, which certainly was not the case. Would he let Cook run him out of his own kitchen, or Moresdale ban him from his own dressing room?

His mind made up, Victor turned toward the French doors. He did not pause, lest he think the better of what he was about to do, but marched out into the tangle of garden down the path that led to the outbuildings. His determination lasted that brief walk and even took him past the doors of the hothouse.

His booted steps rang softly against the damp flagstone as he approached Amaryllis. She had set up her easel along the far wall to take advantage of the late morning light, so that her back was now to him. So engrossed was she in her work that he wondered if she had even noted his presence. Deciding that she had not, he took advantage of her absorbed air to study her.

As on previous days, she wore a paint-smudged and exceedingly ugly gray smock over her sensible morning dress—this one a becoming shade of pale blue. Her riot of red-gold curls had been bundled up under an unflattering mobcap, the only advantage being that the style emphasized the elegant line of her slim neck. All in all, though, it was an undeniably prim image that she presented, yet barely had he halted a few steps behind her than he felt the familiar sensation settle over him.

He wanted her.

God, how he wanted her.

He stood close enough to her now to see the few rebellious curls that had escaped her spinsterish cap to trail down the back of her neck. Indeed, had he wished it, he could have reached out to twine his fingers through those silken wisps. If she made no protest, it would be easy enough to slide his hand along her slim shoulders and beneath that frightful smock. From there he could slide his fingers beneath the neckline of her bodice and cup her soft breast in his hand.

He felt the familiar stirring in his groin as he unreined his imagination. He would pluck off her unsightly cap just for the satisfaction of seeing her hair spill in a blaze of fiery silk down her shoulders. By that time, she would be in his arms and eager to follow his lead. If he shoved aside a few rose bushes, the worktable behind them would be just the right height for her to sit along its edge and hike her skirts to her waist. It would take but a moment for him to unfasten his breeches and position himself between her thighs, a few seconds longer for her to wrap her legs around his waist and guide him into her warm, welcoming softness.

Their coupling would be over with just as quickly as it began . . . but, with luck, that physical release would be enough to sate his need. She could get back to her painting, and he could turn his attention to searching out a more suitable woman to fill the role he had created.

All he had to do was reach out his hand.

Not bloody likely, he thought, his lips twisting into a grim smile. Hell, she would probably crack him over the head with her palette for daring to take such liberties. At the very least, she'd resign her post on the spot, leaving him minus one talented illustrator.

That in mind, he contented himself simply with watching her work. Her subject—an overblown pink Centifolia— sprawled from its pot on the table beside her, nodding like a dozing, turbaned dowager. It was one of his favorite varieties, warm in color and possessed of a heady fragrance. Numerous curling petals gave that bloom its look of blowsy elegance, as well as its common name, the cabbage rose.

While Victor silently looked on, Amaryllis captured each one of those crinkled petals in careful detail. Palette in one hand and brush in the other, she deftly applied transparent layers of color to the heavy paper pinned to her easel, building from the palest wash of pink to streaks of crimson. He knew it was a painstaking process, the more so because— unlike working with oils—that technique did not allow her the luxury of painting over mistakes.

He noted, too, that pinned beside the work in progress was a finished drawing of that same rose just barely budding. From its substantial brown thorns to its broadly toothed, bright green leaves to its graceful stems, the Centifolia was depicted in detail enough to satisfy the most particular horticulturist.

He waited to make any comment, however, until she paused to exchange the slim brush she was using for a broader version. Then deliberately he cleared his throat.

At the unexpected sound, Amaryllis gave a start and swung about. Her surprise was even greater when she found herself nearly toe-to-toe with the Earl of Blackstock. She managed to stifle a second gasp, though her thoughts were whirling.

To be sure, he was the only person who might be wandering the hothouse. Had he not, after all, banned every member of his household—his own sister, included—from setting foot there without him. Still, she had not seen the earl even once since that first day, so that she had begun to wonder if she ever would again. She had not even the excuse of her missing glove with which to approach him, for the article had mysteriously reappeared on the worktable only yesterday.

"Good morning, my lord," she managed. "Do forgive my rudeness in not acknowledging you sooner. I fear I was caught up in my work, so that you took me somewhat by surprise."

"You have nothing for which to apologize," he coolly returned. "Indeed, I must confess that I rather enjoyed watching you paint."

"Then you are in the minority, my lord. Most people find the act of creation quite tedious when they are spectators and not participants."

Blackstock raised a wry brow. "The loss is theirs, I'm afraid. For myself, I have always taken a vicarious interest in other people's pleasures."

Though his tone was dispassionate enough, his dark gaze was alight with an unexpected heat that added subtle nuances to his words. She stared back at him, all too aware that he stood but an arm's length away. He was so close that he could easily reach out and pull her to him. And if he did—

Abruptly it occurred to her how vulnerable she was here, alone and far from the main house. If Blackstock assaulted her, no one would know. If she screamed, no one would hear.

Though, perhaps she would not scream.

A sudden heat suffused her entire body at the thought. Had she not already admitted to herself that she found the man quite attractive? And she could not deny the fact that his unexplained absence these past days had left her with an unsettled feeling, like an itch she couldn't scratch . . . but that perhaps he could.

As if reading her mind, Blackstock reached out a strong, well-manicured hand toward her. Dear God, he was going to touch her . . . and she had no intention of stopping him. She caught her breath, every nerve in her body singing in agonized anticipation as his warm fingers brushed her cheek.

Instinctively her eyelids fluttered shut as she wondered what would happen next. Would he draw her to him, perhaps even kiss her? Beyond that possibility, her mind faltered. Still, she knew enough about the dealings between men and women to realize there was much more that he could demand of her . . . and much more that she could give.

A heartbeat later, he withdrew his hand.

"I hope you don't mind," she heard his cool words through the pulse thudding in her ears, "but you had a smudge of paint on your face."

Her eyes flew open again in time to see him display his hand, so that she could see his forefinger bore a green smear that matched the color she'd used to tint the rose stems. "Oh! Of course not, my lord."

She stumbled over the words, her inner heat transmuting into full-blown mortification. Here she had thought him about to seduce her, and all the while he was disapproving her slovenly appearance. Whatever could have made her think that he had any interest in her, save as a hireling? He was an earl, after all, and she the daughter of a sexton.

To cover her confusion, she made a show of setting aside her palette, checking the cups of color, and arranging her brushes. Even so, she could still feel embarrassment burning hot on her face as she said, "Perhaps, my lord, you would care to discuss the set of drawings I left you yesterday?"

"Actually, that is the very reason I have come."

He moved closer to the easel, near enough to her that she might have leaned her head against his shoulder. Ruthlessly tearing her thoughts from such unprofitable flights of fancy— had she not already acted the fool enough for one day?—she mustered her wayward dignity and remained where she was. She was, first and foremost, an artist. She would behave with the decorum demanded of that particular role, no matter her own inner misery.

Blackstock, however, seemed not to notice her discomfiture as he divided his scrutiny between the completed watercolor of the Centifolia in bud and the companion drawing upon which she had just been working. Nervous all at once, but now for different reasons, Amaryllis awaited his response.

"As I previously made known to you, Miss Godwin . . . or rather, Amaryllis," he corrected himself even as he kept his attention on the easel, "I have certain distinct expectations for the sort of illustrations I would have in my book. From what l have seen of your work thus far, it does not meet them."

"It—It does not?" she half-whispered, aghast. Instantly her feminine concerns were supplanted by professional pride. How could he deem them inferior, when she knew these drawings for some of the best that she ever had done?

Coolly Blackstock glanced her way.

"No, not meet them," he repeated. "To the contrary, your artistry far exceeds anything that I could have wanted. To be sure, the painting of the Rosa alba foliacea does not exactly fit the tone of my text. Still, I am satisfied that I made the correct decision in hiring you."

The relief that swept her left her weak-kneed. Forgetting all else save his praise, she gave him a broad smile.

"Thank you, my lord," she exclaimed. "I had rather wondered if I had overstepped myself with that watercolor. It was unconventional, and I knew when I finished that it would not do at all as an illustration. Still, I felt it would serve as a representative sample of my abilities in that medium."

She paused, a momentary sense of regret intruding upon her pleasure. Despite her protests, she had been quite taken with that particular drawing and its allegorical feel.

"So that it does not accidentally mix in with the other works," she went on, "why don't you return that particular drawing to me, and I will see to it that it is destroyed."

"I see no good reason to destroy the painting simply because it will not do as an illustration. To be quite honest, I rather fancied it myself."

"Then do keep the watercolor, my lord," she warmly urged, "and I shall paint a new version of that Alba to replace it."

"See that you do. Tomorrow would be quite soon enough."

"But tomorrow is Sunday, my lord," she reminded him. "l believe we agreed I would work only six days out of seven."

"Of course."

The barest hint of a smile curved his lips. "My apologies, Amaryllis. I fear that we pagans are rather lax about such matters. Take your Sabbath, then, with my blessing, and I shall see you again the following morrow. In the meantime, I will make certain that Cook sends you out your meal, since it is almost noontide."

So saying, he turned on his heel and quit the hothouse.

Amaryllis waited until the French doors closed behind him again. Then, with a sigh, she pulled off her mobcap and shook her head to clear the figurative cobwebs from it. This had been the most extraordinary interview. She now knew, as an artist, where she stood with the man, for he had said in no uncertain terms that he approved of her work. On that account, at least, she need have no fears.

But where did she stand with him as a woman?

The question nagged at her for the rest of the day. She saw no more of Blackstock, though she found her gaze straying back toward the French doors so frequently that she feared she might develop a crick in her neck. Between glances, she tormented herself with fearing that she had made a total cake of herself and wondering if it were possible that the earl was attracted to her, if only a little.

By the time the afternoon sun reached the point where the light was no longer favorable, she was more than ready to call a halt to her work. Perhaps with a day of rest, she would gain a bit of perspective as to the truth of the situation. For, despite her physical attraction to the man, she could not deny that he made her uneasy. It was nothing she could point to, merely a dark, unknown quality that clung to him like a stolen cloak. Common sense told her that a kind and upright sort of gentleman would never have been suspected of murder. What then did it mean that Blackstock actually had been arrested for so heinous a crime?

By now a cheerful Derek had appeared to drive her home, and it was with a sense of relief that she climbed into the carriage. As had become Amaryllis's habit, she instructed the man to drop her a short distance from her actual destination of St. Pancras. The drive took a bit longer than usual, however, given an abundance of carts and carriages filling the streets. By the time they reached that familiar point, darkness had all but fallen. She bid Derek a swift good-bye and scrambled out for the short walk home.

Some of the boldness that had been hers before the night of the Demon's attack had returned, so it was with a fair show of confidence that she made her way along the shadowed avenue. Indeed she made a point of not glancing around even when she heard the quick brush of footsteps against cobbles behind her.

Sternness of mind, she told herself, keeping her gaze fixed before her.

But when a strong hand clamped over her arm, she reverted to full-blown terror and started to scream.





"Lay out my evening clothes, Moresdale," the Earl of Blackstock said without preamble as that man answered his abrupt summons. "Nothing ostentatious, mind you. The places I will be going, I'll not wish to draw any unnecessary attention. And send word to Cook that I will be dining out tonight."

"Very good, milord," Davy Moresdale replied, schooling his surprise behind a bland expression.

It had not been much above an hour earlier that his lordship had stated that he would remain at home this evening. Since it followed in such cases that his employer would dispense with his services until the next morning, Davy had made plans that included lifting a few pints with the lads at the Cock and Bull. Now, however, he'd be obliged to cancel those arrangements and instead wait up half the night for the earl to return home.

"Derek should be back any moment from deliverin' the young lady," he offered, manfully putting aside his disappointment to focus on the duty at hand. "When 'e does, I'll see 'ow as the carriage will waitin' at yer convenience. Will there be anythin' else, milord?"

"Nothing you can help with," he thought he heard Blackstock mutter before the earl shook his head and dismissed him with an absent gesture. Just as Davy reached the library door, however, the younger man called him back.

"One last thing, Moresdale. I rather imagine I'll be out until dawn. I see no point in your waiting up for me. Once I'm dressed and on my way, why don't you take the rest of the evening for yourself."

"Very good, milord," Davy agreed. His battered boxer's features didn't break into a gap-toothed grin until after he was back out in the hallway and headed toward his lordship's rooms.

He'd always said that, for all his odd way, the Earl of Blackstock was a right good sort. Not many men of his wealth and station would have given a broken-down bruiser a place in his household as his personal valet, no matter that Davy was known to the sporting crowd as the pugilist with a dandy's wardrobe.

And fewer still, Davy judged, would have taken on the same bloke as had landed him a facer during a brawl in one of the dockside's seedier taverns two years earlier.

Davy's grin broadened at the memory. He'd been at the Cock and Bull that night, too, downing pint after pint in an attempt to blunt the knowledge that his career as fighter was in its twilight. What a gentleman like Blackstock had been doing in that same place, he'd never learned for certain. What he had found out, however, was that the earl was right good with his fives himself.

Not that it would have made a difference to Davy that night had he guessed up front that his opponent was a gentry cove. He'd been three sheets to the wind and probably would have taken on the Prince Regent, had that royal personage suddenly appeared there. As it was, it had been the earl's bad luck to bump into him that night . . . and his worse fortune to spill Davy's pint, in the bargain.

Most of what had transpired during the melee that followed still eluded his memory. He had, however, stumbled his way home later that night with the earl's calling card tucked into his bright turquoise waistcoat. The upshot had been that—one eye swollen shut and his head pounding like a drum—he had called upon Blackstock the following afternoon. He had found himself with a new post that same day.

Then the valet's grin faded.

Though he had been happy working for the Earl of Blackstock, things had taken an odd turn in the past six months, ever since that young actress's brutal murder. Davy had defended his employer against any accusation that reached his misshapen ear, certain in his own heart that his lordship was not guilty of such a horrible crime. Still, it was a fact that the earl had been a changed man since that night.

Davy shook his head. Where once Lord Blackstock paid a respectable amount of attention to Lady Monique, he now kept to himself and saw his sister perhaps but once a day when he broke his fast. Rarely did he smile, save in that cool way of his, and even less often did he laugh. When he went out of an evening, it was no longer to Almack's and Brooks's. Rather he favored gambling hells such as the Golden Wolf, where a man's deep pockets and not his personal reputation gained him entry.

The only thing of late that had rattled the man from his black mood was the reappearance of the red-haired miss that his lordship had rescued from the streets.

By now Davy had reached the earl's bedchamber. He went about gathering the requisite articles of clothing his employer would need to make a subdued if appropriate turnout. His thoughts, however, still lingered on the matter of the girl.

The entire household, from the kitchen to upstairs, was all agog at his lordship's hiring of the chit to paint his roses.

Scandalous, Peters had pompously dubbed it.

Right romantic, Cook had sighed.

Privately Davy was inclined to dismiss the whole situation a bit of folly . . . though he knew better than to mention as much to his employer.

Davy gave critical examination to a handful of snowy white neck cloths and selected the crispest. That accomplished, he took a brush to his lordship's black coat and made a show of removing any lint that might have gathered since its last wearing. He'd keep his opinions to himself, all right, but that didn't mean he did not have them. Had someone asked outright, he would have said he thought the earl had a bit more interest in the chit than that of a mere employer. If he were to be more specific, Davy would have said that Lord Blackstock was afflicted by an acute case of calflove.

The signs were all quite evident. Davy had seen for himself the pilfered glove of hers that had sat on his lordship's desktop for several days. He'd also noted the way the earl had scrupulously avoided the hothouse whenever she was in there painting while he spent an inordinate amount of time gazing out the window in its direction. And hadn't his lordship, out of the blue, brought up the chit's name in conversation with Davy a time or two?

But even as he toyed with that idea, he dismissed it as doubtful. More likely the earl had his mind on a quick tumble, only to have realized that the girl was of respectable upbringing and thus not fair game for such a pursuit. That would explain his sudden wish for entertainment tonight. For the Golden Wolf was known as much for its tawdry brand of female companionship, available to its patrons for a fair bit of coin, as it was for its gambling. A night spent having the itch in his breeches scratched would set his lordship right again.

Cheered himself, Davy caught up a pair of the earl's Hessians and began applying a coat of blacking mixed per Mr. Brummell's own formula. Things would sort themselves out, they would, and surely for the better. In the meantime, he would concern himself with more important issues, such as making sure his lordship was suitably attired for tonight's outing.

"I presume you have an explanation for this," an anger-choked voice demanded from the shadows as the grip on Amaryllis's arm tightened. Fright swept her in a frozen wave, only to be supplanted by a warm rush of relief when belated recognition dawned. She spun about to face her assailant.

"Talbot," she squeaked out as her relief faded to guilt. Dear Lord, what if he had seen Blackstock's coach and recognized the coat of arms emblazoned on its sides?

The grim look on her brother's face confirmed that he had indeed made the connection.

"I came by yesterday afternoon to examine your injuries again," he went on. "When I discovered you were not at home, I managed to pry the grudging explanation from our father that you had taken on a new teaching post."

That was the explanation she had given Ezra, that she had obtained a position instructing the young daughter of an earl the rudiments of watercolor painting. Since teaching was deemed a proper enough career for a woman of her station, her father had voiced no objections—so long as ye don't neglect yer duties 'ere, girl.

Now shadows hardened Talbot's pale features, matching his tone.

"I decided to drive out here to St. Pancras again today," he went on, and she noted his gig with its placid roan stopped several paces behind them. "Imagine my shock when I saw but a stone's throw away from the church the Earl of Blackstock's own carriage . . . and you alighting from it. I might ask why the driver drops you here, rather than at the church gates, save that I would guess our father knows nothing of your so-called employer's true identity."

"I—I can explain," she managed, though in truth she could not see a way to satisfy Talbot's anger. From his tone, it was almost as if he suspected something immoral was afoot.

Outraged indignation sparked within her at the thought. Even if she told him everything, she doubted he would approve her decision. Indeed, perhaps she would not bother trying!

By now he had steered her toward his gig and was helping her up. Seeing no help for it, she quickly settled upon the seat—the humble two-wheeler a marked contrast to Blackstock's elegant coach—and waited to see if he pressed the issue. She was not about to do so.

Despite her best intentions, however, Talbot's usual tactic of letting the silence stretch between them until she felt obliged to fill it with chatter worked. As he halted the gig at the churchyard gates a few moments later, she burst out with explanation.

"You must believe that it all happened quite unexpectedly," she told him, still seated at his side. "You see, I felt obliged to apologize to the earl and thank him for rescuing me from the Barkshire Demon—which I did. I did not expect the man to offer me a post in return."

As Talbot continued to stare ahead, reins gripped in his gloved hands, she explained about the hothouse and Blackstock's intent to publish a popular horticultural volume, making clear that she admired his willingness to take on that challenge. She avoided, however, any hint of a personal interest in the man.

She finished her account with a weak, "And the earl does quite like my paintings, he has assured me," before settling back to await her brother's reply.

"This is folly of the worst sort," came his swift retort as he turned toward her again. "Here I told you in some detail about the man's sordid past, yet you went out of your way to demand an audience with him. And as for his hiring you, has it not occurred to you that he might have some ulterior motive in mind beyond commissioning a few watercolors?"

She blushed at the implication, her embarrassment all the greater because she had half-hoped and half-feared that very same thing.

"He has acted quite the gentleman toward me," she insisted. "And it is not as if we were alone there. He has an entire staff of servants wandering about, in addition to his younger sister, Lady Monique."

"I have met the girl," Talbot said, "and she is hardly a suitable chaperone. I judge her to have as little sense as your young friend, Miss Godwin . . . and see what sort of scandals she has stirred up. But tell me, didn't his lordship wonder at the fact that you are his personal physician's sister?"

"I—I did not give him my true surname, so Blackstock does not know that you and I are related."

Talbot quirked a brow. "I see."

And he did see, she was certain. For the both of them knew that, had he been privy to the fact that she and Talbot were siblings, Blackstock never would have hired her. He'd have considered such employment unsuitable, given her brother's respectable position. And Talbot knew, as well, that should Blackstock learn the truth, he might well discharge her.

The question now was, would Talbot expose her lie?

She did not wait long for an answer.

"You can guess my feelings in this matter," came her brother's heated response, "and not only in regard to your being employed by an unmarried gentleman, which is unseemly enough. Beyond that, what do you think would happen should the earl learn of the deception that you played on him . . . and that I knew of it? My post, as well as yours, would be forfeit."

"But if you keep silent, he need not know," Amaryllis countered in an equally fierce tone. "What is the harm in what I have done? I am performing the job for which I was hired, which is all that should matter. Besides which, Father and I could use the coin, and the earl is more than generous in his pay."

"I am certain that he is."

Talbot's voice had taken on a bitter note, and she recalled his admission that Blackstock had paid him for his silence on the matter of the Belfleur woman's murder. It was apparent that he still resented the man, even while he remained in his employ. Doubtless that was why her brother was being so stubborn in this particular case.

With an effort, she assumed a more conciliatory tone.

"Do be sensible about the matter, Talbot. My tenure with the man should not last much above a few weeks. Surely you can keep my secret for so short a time."

"I fear I cannot. Blackstock must be told immediately. I will not carry your sin of omission on my conscience."

His words rang with a righteous air that was more than she could bear. Had she not always supported her brother in his time of need? That was why she blurted, "But that is not at all fair of you, Talbot, when I have kept a secret of yours."

Her words had an effect well beyond any reaction she might have expected. Talbot's pale face took on a chalkier hue, while his gray eyes glinted as if with a fever.

"A secret of mine, you say?"

In contrast to his fiery gaze, his tone held an iciness that she'd never before heard from him. Abruptly it occurred to her that, under the right circumstances, she could easily be afraid of her own brother. That feeling intensified as he asked, "Tell me, Amaryllis, what is this secret that you know?"

Her first impulse was to claim that she had made up the entire accusation out of spite. She knew, however, that he could read her far too easily for such a ploy to succeed. And he would not let her leave until she told him the truth.

"I—I put matters together quite by accident," she admitted. "It was the day after my escape from the Barkshire Demon, just before you came calling. Father mentioned that the Resurrection men had struck the churchyard the night before, and he described the dead man whose body they stole."

She paused for a deep breath, then finished in a rush, "It was the very same corpse that I saw you use in your anatomy lesson."

"Let me get this straight. You are accusing me of obtaining my subjects from grave robbers?"

At her reluctant nod, Talbot's icy expression thawed into an indulgent smile.

"My dear Amaryllis, surely you must realize that every physician worth the name has resorted to such tactics on one occasion or another," her brother exclaimed with an amused shake of his head. "Given our Court's penchant for transporting criminals rather than executing them, there are simply not enough bodies to be had from legitimate sources. We cannot make medical advances without the sort of experiments as can only be performed upon the dead—and they are dead, after all, so what is the harm? Indeed, if this is the worst secret that you can lay at my doorstep, I will not hang my head in shame."

Amaryllis stared back at him in chagrin. Put that way, his actions appeared quite humanitarian in nature, while her own small deception smacked of selfishness. Not that she was prepared for her brother to reveal what he knew.

"Can you not reconsider?" she urged, though doubtful that her plea would carry much weight. "This commission means more to me than you can know, and I do not dare risk losing it."

He sat silent a moment longer.

"Very well, I won't tell Blackstock," he agreed; then, as she stared up at him in dawning hope, he finished, "You will."

It was all she could do to suppress a dismayed groan. She knew from past experience that this was the only concession she would wring from him. Certainly arguing while the shadows deepened around them would accomplish nothing more.

"Tomorrow is Sunday, so I will not see him again until the following day," she pointed out. "Surely you can allow me that space of time, at least."

"As it happens, I will be in the country for the next three days, so I will give you until my return to set matters straight. If you do not, then I will be forced to make the announcement in your stead. I will, however, do my best to keep Father from learning of this scandal."

Cheered by that last concession, she focused on her brother's earlier statement. "You mentioned the country. Does that mean you will be visiting Cordelia?"

"Yes."

The single word held a mixture of hope, anger, and defeat. Forgetting her own troubles, Amaryllis's heart went out to her brother. For almost a year now, his young wife had been confined to a sanitarium a day's ride outside London. His visits always left him emotionally drained, so that Amaryllis often feared for his health as much as she did that of her ill sister-in-law. And the worst of it was that Talbot's considerable healing skill had not been enough to stem the fragile young woman's decline.

"Tell me, Talbot, how is she faring? Have the doctors sent word of any improvement?"

He shook his head, and she sighed. "I do wish I might be allowed to see her," she went on. "Are you quite certain—"

"The strain would be too much for her." Then he tempered his curt words with the faintest of smiles. "As always, I will be sure to tell Cordelia that you send your love. And perhaps if this new treatment that I have been testing proves effective, you'll soon be able to tell her so yourself."

On that note of somber hope, he alighted from the gig and helped her down. Then, reaching out with his forefinger, he tilted her chin up and scrutinized her throat.

"The bruises are fading, and your hoarseness has vanished," he said, abandoning the role of brother for that of physician. "Are you experiencing any further pain, any difficulty in breathing or swallowing?"

When she shook her head, he nodded and climbed back into the vehicle. "I will call on you again at midweek. Until then, my dear sister." With those words, he maneuvered the single horse vehicle about and clattered back down the cobbled street.

By now dusk had deepened into night. Exhausted all at once, she made her way past the churchyard to the tiny gray stone house. Doubtless, Father would be wondering at the delay, if only to his supper.

An hour later, she was in her own room, pleading the headache as she left Ezra to a solitary meal of cold mutton, boiled potatoes, and dried apple slices. The excuse was not without foundation; indeed her encounter with her brother had left her quite out of sorts.

What right had Talbot to dictate to her how she led her life? she thought in some pique. She was of legal age, after all, and able to earn her own living. How or where she chose to do so was none of his concern.

But he has only your best interests at heart, her practical voice reminded her. And the fact that he had been witness to an unfortunate incident in the earl's life—no matter that no one could say for certain if he were guilty—surely had colored Talbot's attitude toward the man. What sort of brother would he be if he did not express some misgivings about the current situation.

By the time she had finished her evening's routine and was preparing for bed, she had reconciled herself to the fact that she must reveal her true identity to the Earl of Blackstock. It had occurred to her that her figurative unmasking was inevitable; after all, she had no desire to use an assumed identity when named as the illustrator of his lordship's book. The question now was how best to tell Blackstock the truth so that he would overlook her deception.

Chances were she would be without a post upon Talbot's return; still, her mortification would be redoubled should her brother speak to the earl for her. And maybe she could make Blackstock understand just why she had done what she did, so that he might retain her services after all.





A burst of raucous male laughter split the dimly lit, smoky main room of the Golden Wolf. The sound rose above the muted if ongoing clamor of scraping chairs, clinking glasses, and clattering coins. Victor looked up from his losing faro hand to a nearby table that was the laughter's source. There, an inebriated gambler sprawled facedown over his cards, while his fellow players were losing no time in dividing what remained of the poor wretch's winnings.

Victor gave a disgusted snort and turned his attention back to his own table, where a game of faro was in process. The house dealer was a spare, efficient sort by the name of Wiggins. Unlike most of his ilk, the man played an honest game of it—that, or else he cheated far too cleverly for Victor to spot how he did so. As for his fellow players, they were the rougher sort of gamesters to which the place catered. Soldiers and workingmen, they were for the most part, though he earlier had spotted mixed in with the crowd a few minor nobles.

Some of the latter, he judged, were there for the sport of brushing shoulders with the lower classes; others, because they'd gambled away their welcome at the more respectable clubs. And doubtless one or two were like him, looking for a refuge from the swirl of polite Society with its endless whispers and innuendo. For the Golden Wolf was the sort of place where a man was asked no questions . . . where, if he wished, a man could retire to a darkened corner, drink in hand, and escape notice.

That round of play ended, Victor tossed in his cards and scraped up his meager winnings. Moving on to an unoccupied table, he signaled for another glass of watered port, the only tolerable beverage served in the place. Unlike the elite clubs such as White's or Brooks's, this establishment was not renowned for either its ambiance or its chef.

No gilded furniture or velvet drapes lent a luxurious note, and no elaborate cold buffet or free-flowing champagne was offered the Golden Wolf's patrons. Rather than liveried major domos and footmen, the establishment was presided over by men who, like Moresdale, appeared to have spent time in the ring.

For the Golden Wolf was, quite simply, a gambling hell. It was sort of place that, had Victor a younger brother, he would have warned the lad against setting foot there. The gaming all took place in a single large room crowded with battered tables that offered whist, faro, and other popular contests of chance. The sums that changed hands here were rather smaller than he was used to seeing won and lost; still, a man could as easily forfeit his livelihood here as at any establishment on St. James Street.

But gaming was not all that was offered at the Golden Wolf.

Sport of another kind took place upstairs, conducted within the series of narrow, thin-walled chambers just large enough to accommodate an equally narrow cot. The women employed here were a cut above the usual street trollop . . . meaning that they bathed on a regular basis. Beyond that, a man took his chances spending his coin with them.

By the time his drink arrived, Victor had begun to feel the effects of his earlier indulgence. It was already well past midnight, and the Golden Wolf had not been his first stop of the evening. He had made the rounds of two other similar such establishments, gambling until he'd lost more than he had won, and drinking enough each time to now leave him fuzzy-headed.

His intent, however, was to stop short of getting outright drunk. In this part of the city, not far from the docks, a man of the upper classes was well-advised to keep a few wits about him after dark. Even the simple expedient of covering the distance between a tavern door and carriage left a man open to attack by cutpurses and footpads. Those foolish enough to wander the unlit streets while the worse for drink risked being relieved, not only of their blunt, but of their very lives.

"Lookin' for a bit o' comfort, milord?"

The sound of a female voice roused him from his thoughts. Blearily Victor looked up from his glass to gaze at the woman who had paused at his table. She smiled down at him and slid her pink tongue across her artificially reddened lips in a calculated gesture of seduction.

As best as he could tell, she was young and attractive beneath her heavy dusting of face powder and rouge. Her garish emerald-green gown was cut low enough so that he could glimpse a pink hint of her nipples, like rose petals against her white breasts. But what drew his interest was the fact that her mass of curly hair was a brilliant shade of red-gold.

"Sit down," he told her.

For he had come here with one specific intent in mind, namely, to quench the purely physical desire that had been assailing him these past days. Perhaps if he slaked his need with a willing woman who resembled Amaryllis, he might be freed of this obsession that had gripped him.

His words of invitation were rewarded by another seductive smile. In a practiced move, the red-haired woman straddled his thighs so that she faced him. He discovered with interest that she was wearing no petticoats beneath her flamboyant gown.

"'Ere now, milord, this is much more friendly," she purred as she wriggled on his lap like a restless cat. Toying with his neck cloth, which hung askew, she bent forward to whisper, "And if ye'd like to take a quick walk upstairs, we could be friendlier still."

"I'll consider it," he agreed, aware that the inferior port that he'd been drinking had somehow thickened his tongue. It had also heated his loins to the point that the mere action of her sitting on his lap had made him suddenly and painfully erect.

His condition must have been obvious to her, for her smile broadened. She reached for the drink he still clutched in his other hand. Plucking it from his fingers, she set it on the table behind her. Then she wrapped both her arms around his neck and spread her thighs wider still, so that he could feel her warmth against the hard swollen ridge of his shaft straining against his trousers.

He swallowed back a groan and clutched her hips to hold her in place. If she bounced about much more, he might well climax where he sat, with that embarrassingly display sure to earn him the jeers of everyone in the place. Public humiliation was the last thing he needed this night.

Striving for a bit of control, he asked in a husky voice, "What's your name, then?"

"I'm Betty, milord. I'll give you a good time o' it. . . an' for a right good price," came her saucy reply. She leaned closer to whisper her fee—reasonable enough for this sort of establishment—in his ear. "I even 'ave a special treat I save for fine gents like you," she added with a giggle.

Her plump breasts loomed only inches from his face now, bobbing like soft melons. With this increased proximity, he noted lurking beneath the liberal application of lavender water something he had missed earlier—the distinctive scent of spent lust that wrapped her like a length of cheap tulle. Doubtless she'd already serviced her share of men in one of those upstairs rooms, and would take on others after him.

Christ, the treat she had in mind was likely a good dose of the French pox.

The thought quenched his desire, and he realized that satisfying his urges with a prostitute was not going to solve his problem. There was but one particular woman that he desired, and bedding a score of other flame-haired women would not change that fact. All that was left to him was to discharge his enticing illustrator, so that he would no longer have to face temptation on a daily basis . . . that, or put aside his scruples and try to sway Amaryllis into sharing his bed. And at this juncture, he had a pretty good idea of which tack he would take.

In a none-too-gentle move, he caught the chit by the arms and deposited her back on her feet.

"Not tonight, I don't think," he told her and reached again for his glass. He'd drink away the need that burned in his loins until he could find another way to satisfy himself.

Betty, however, did not accept his decision with good grace.

"'Ere, now, milord, I thought we 'ad a deal," she exclaimed, planting her hands on her hips. "I spent m'time gettin' ye good an' ready, an' 'ere ye're cryin' off."

"'He's right good at that, his lordship is," another female voice spitefully broke in before Victor could reply.

Not quite believing his bad fortune, he looked up again to see a familiar blonde now standing beside the scorned Betty. Bloody hell, he'd forgotten—or else not bothered to remember—that it was here at the Golden Wolf he had first made Penelope Worthington's acquaintance several months earlier.

He studied her with a jaundiced eye. It had been less than a fortnight since he had last seen the chit, and the change in her was striking. She had abandoned the tasteful gowns he'd bought her for her previous garb of cheap red satin cut scandalously low and decked out with a trunk's worth of pink ribbons. She had also resumed the masklike face paint she had once worn, so that any flush of anger that might now tint her cheeks was hidden by her powder.

Summoning a vestige of courtesy to mask his irritation, he said in an aloof tone, "Good evening, Penelope. I trust you've been well."

"I trust you've been well," she echoed with false gaiety, her kohled eyes bright with malice. "Let me tell you, Lord Blackstock, I've not been well at all. That 'substantial sum' you promised when you left barely covered my dressmaker's bills, let alone all the new gloves and bonnets I'd ordered. I've been reduced to selling myself here again to pay it off, and all because of you."

"If you'll recall, I left you with the names of several potential protectors . . . and you tossed the list back in my face," Victor replied, countering her brittle tone with one of dead calm.

He rose, more unsteady on his feet than he would have liked, and stared down at her.

"As for the matter of your mantua-maker, I had already paid up your last quarter's account and warned you not to charge anything more without my approval."

"The hell with your bloody approval," she cried, drawing the attention of several nearby tables of patrons. Furious, she turned on Betty, whose own moment of anger had faded into bemused uncertainty. "If there's anyone to be making coin off his lordship tonight, it'll be me."

Before Victor could react, she reached out a quick hand and grasped his vital male parts in a grip that stopped just short of being painful.

He grunted in surprise and made an instinctive grab for her wrist. Obviously anticipating that move, Penelope tightened her fingers just a fraction until he prudently subsided. Meanwhile a wave of disbelief had swept him. Christ, had the chit gone mad? If he didn't watch his step, she'd make a eunuch of him before the night was far gone.

"Damn it all, what do you want from me?" he gritted out, aware now of a throbbing ache in his balls far different from the earlier painful pleasure he'd felt.

Penelope favored him with a cool smile, her grip never slacking.

"It's quite simple, Vic," she purred, pausing to let her hot gaze flit about the room. "Just tell Betty that I know how to work that long, thick shaft of yours better than anyone else. Tell her I can have you spilling yourself in my hand with just a few strokes . . . and I don't even have to take off my gown to do it."

"Bloody hell, Penelope, I'll do no such thing!"

He felt a tide of angry embarrassment rise along the back of his neck, while he tried not to grimace when her fingers tightened yet again. Though the greatest portion of his attention was fixed on his hostage genitals, he was still aware of the drunken guffaws and ribald comments coming from the nearby tables. In another moment, the whole place would doubtless be placing odds on the final outcome of his manhood. He'd be damned, though, if he would make a spectacle of himself for their entertainment.

"Let's be sensible about this, Penelope," he countered in as even a tone as he could muster under the circumstances. "I've already turned Betty down, so you have nothing to worry about on that score. And if you still harbor some resentment toward the way we parted, we can discuss the matter again. So just let me go, and I'll—"

"Would someone care to explain what is going on here?" interrupted a silken male voice underlaid with a hint of steel.

Abruptly the pressure on Victor's privates eased as Penelope's grip faltered. He allowed himself a groan of relief before he took advantage of her distraction to grasp both her wrists and pin them at her sides. She seemed not to notice this, however, her attention fixed at a point beyond his shoulder.

"M-Milord Wolf," she gasped out, a look of fright flashing across her pretty, painted features. "I—I didn't see you standing there."

"So I gathered," came the same speaker's ironic reply. "Now luv, how about that explanation, or should I let this gentleman here do the honors?"

By now the newcomer stood before them, so that Victor got his first look at the man. This, then, must be the gambling hell's owner, a man known to both employees and patrons only as the Wolf. Victor had heard about the man but never met him, a notorious underworld figure who, rumor had it, would kill just to settle a gambling debt. He looked nothing like the mental picture Victor might have concocted of him, however.

For the man known as the Wolf was younger than he . . . barely past his twentieth year, Victor judged. He was of a height with Victor, though perhaps a bit broader. His shaggy mane of golden hair, longer than the mode, and his casual fashion of dress—black breeches, blue waistcoat, and cravat less white shirt—made the roughest of his customers look the dandy by comparison. But the most striking feature about him was the fact the man was running about unshod.

No tulip of fashion himself, Victor shrugged off this last and returned his attention to the matter at hand. Penelope was literally quaking where she stood, no doubt frightened of what the Wolf might do to her for this altercation with a customer.

Victor heaved an inner sigh as he released his grip on her. Though he could strangle the chit for the stunt she'd just pulled, honesty compelled him to admit that he had, in a sense, led her to this particular pass. If he could patch over things for her with her employer, then he would.

"There's no harm done," he offered, the ache in his balls making that a lie. "Penelope and I are old friends, and we were just having a bit of conversation."

"An interesting way to chat, is it not?" the Wolf replied, his green eyes narrowing in carefully contained amusement. "As the owner of this establishment, let me apologize for any inconvenience that you might have suffered, Lord Blackstock. And perhaps I might offer you in recompense an entire night of the charming Penelope's services—on the house, of course."

Only a little surprised that the younger man was privy to his identity—doubtless a man like the Wolf made it his business to know just who his clientele was—Victor shook his head. "I appreciate the offer, but I was on my way out anyhow. Perhaps another time."

"Whenever you wish," the Wolf returned with cool civility. With the briefest of nods for Victor and a final cold look in Penelope's direction, he turned and with lupine grace melted back into the crowd again.

The other patrons had returned their attention to their gaming, while Betty had long since scampered off at the Wolf's first appearance. Victor found himself standing alone now save for Penelope, who now flung herself into his embrace.

"Oh, Vic, can you ever forgive me?" she wailed into his waistcoat. "Here, I was so horrid to you, and you didn't betray me. I vow I don't know what that beast would have done to me had you complained."

"He seemed like a fair enough sort," Victor dryly remarked as he disentangled her from his shirtfront. "And perhaps the next time, you'll think twice before you abuse the clientele in such a manner. Now if you'll excuse me—"

"Wait, Vic."

Penelope clutched his arm, favoring him with the seductive smile that once would have had him dragging her upstairs. Now, however, he favored her with a wry look of query.

Her smile faltered, but her tone was still light as she went on. "What the Wolf said about a night with me on the house . . . perhaps you will reconsider? I'll quite forgive the way you set me aside, if we could only spend a bit of time together. I—I've rather missed you."

He heard the plea in her voice and felt a measure of sympathy for the chit; after all, he now knew what it was like to want someone whom he could not have. But taking her up on that particular offer would be fair to neither of them. With a shake of his head, he replied, "I think it would be best if we said our good-byes instead."

He gathered up his stick and hat and, limping a bit, headed in the direction of the door. Only the timely shout of warning from another patron caused him to dodge the glass that camewent flying past his ear to crash at his feet.

"And good riddance to you, Lord Blackstock," came Penelope's peevish cry after it.

Half-anticipating further crockery to follow, Victor made his hasty exit to the street beyond. He drank in deep breaths of the frosty early morning air, not caring that it carried with it the distinctive stench of the river. Even the sharp aroma of that muddy channel was better than the mingled scent of acrid smoke, cheap perfume, and spent lust that permeated the hell that was the Golden Wolf.

He gazed up at the spattering of stars visible above. This would not be one of those nights when whiteness lay in a thick blanket across the city. Not the sort of night, he judged, when the Barkshire Demon would strike. Still, uneasiness settled over him as he looked around him.

Here the clamor of the gambling hell was muted enough for him to hear the other night sounds—the clatter and clomp of passing carriages, the drunken shouts emanating from neighboring grog shops, the rustle of rats in the alleyway. The street before him was relatively empty, save for a pair of waiting hacks and a handful of raucous drunks making their way down the narrow, mud-choked lane.

As for Derek and his own coach, he saw no sign.

This, then, was the reason for his sense of disquietude. Wondering if maybe it was merely the port that had befuddled him, he glanced again in both directions. Once more neither driver nor equipage was to be seen. Victor frowned. Unless Derek had run into a patch of trouble, he'd never take it into his head to leave on his own.

Victor started in the direction of the nearest cross street. He'd stroll about for a few minutes; then, if Derek still remained elusive, he would flag down a hack and make a search of the area that way. A coach the size of his, marked with his distinctive coat of arms, would not remain lost for long.

Keeping to a straight line on the uneven cobbles proved harder than usual, however. He assured himself that his tendency to sway was a result of Penelope's not-so-tender mercies, not how much he'd drunk this night. The situation was not helped by the fact that gas streetlamps had not yet made their way to this part of the city. Thus, only a few steps from the door of the Golden Wolf, he was plunged into virtual darkness.

It occurred to him that he was drunker than he'd first thought when he realized he had been aware of a faint shuffling behind him for some moments before he knew it was footsteps. It took him a bit longer to comprehend the fact that he was being followed. Thus, by the time he turned around, it was too late.

He managed a glimpse of a tall, black-garbed figure whose lower face was hidden by a length of cloth wrapped about his nose and chin. Then something collided with a painful crack against the side of his head, and the muddy cobbles rushed up to meet him, just before his world went black.





His face loomed but inches from her, the soulless black orbs reflecting her own terrified countenance like a hellish mirror. This time, though, she recognized her attacker, and the knowledge was like a knife in her heart. But even as she tried to scream, his cold dead fingers wrapped around her throat. For a fleeting moment, she saw in his eyes now the twin images of herself struggling soundlessly.

Then the image changed, and the face reflected there was not hers, but Blackstock's. She realized then with a thrill of greater terror that she no longer knew which one of them was the killer . . . and which, the victim.

With a shuddering gasp, Amaryllis struggled awake only to find herself safe in her own bed. The room was still veiled in darkness, so that she judged she had been sleeping but a few hours. How late it was, she could not say, unless she climbed from her bed to take a look out her unshuttered window.

But dare she do so? Indeed it would take little imagination to picture the Demon's dead white face pressed to the glass, staring back at her.

Willing that gruesome image away, she shut her eyes again and sagged against the pillow. She had thought that she'd banished the Barkshire Demon from her mind, but it seemed that he still lurked there after all. More disturbing, however, was the fact that her dreaming self had believed him to be Blackstock.

But only for a moment, she reminded herself with a shiver. Then he had become the victim, once more leaving the question as to who was truly the killer.

Unwilling all at once to surrender herself back to sleep, she sat up in bed once more and reached for her candle. The soft yellow glow when she lit it gave her a bit of comfort. She would rest easier if she shuttered her window against whatever demons—dream images, or not—might lurk beyond.

She climbed from beneath her lace coverlet. With rather more haste than she would have displayed if not alone, she hurried over to her window. Still, as she caught hold of the shutters to close them, she could not resist a glance out at the churchyard, which lay but a short distance from the house.

Usually it was but a commonplace sight for her . . . the drooping willows and broad poplars nothing but cheerful flora; the heavy wrought-iron fence, merely decorative twists of black metal; the gravestones, simply prosaic signposts to the next world. Tonight, however, her unsettled mental state made it a place of frightful images.

The trees slashed angry branches toward the sky, while the iron rails looked like rows of wicked swords thrust into the ground as a warning by some unseen army of demons. As for the gravestones, they tilted at odd angles, as if disturbed by the uneasy dead lying beneath them.

If I stare long enough, she told herself with a shiver, I doubtless will start fancying that I can see them wending their ghostly way among the graves.

Amaryllis pulled the shutters to with a bang and scurried back to her bed with what she conceded was more haste than was appropriate for a stern-minded woman. Once beneath the coverlet, she reached for her sketchbook tucked under her bed. She flipped through its pages until she found the charcoal drawing she'd done of the Earl of Blackstock.

She brushed her fingers along the charcoal planes of his strong features. The gesture was enough to reassure herself that her dream of his being the Barkshire Demon had been simply that . . . a dream. Not that she needed a sketch of him, for already every line of his face was engraved upon her heart.

Amaryllis sighed. How things had come to this particular emotional pass, she was not certain. She had never been the impulsive sort when it came to matters of the heart, though she would admit she was something of a romantic. Except for a childhood crush on one of Talbot's fellow medical students and a quite brief flirtation with the brother of one of her art students, however, her heart had never been truly engaged.

That was, until now.

For, like it or not, she was fast becoming obsessed with this enigmatic earl. And, save for a brief lapse that morning in the hothouse, he seemed completely indifferent to her. Now here she sat, sighing over his picture and acting every bit as foolish as Mary had behaved with her dashing poet. The only saving grace was that, given their respective stations in life, there was no hope for her and Blackstock anyhow.

Or was there? Amaryllis frowned. Even before she and Mary Godwin had become fast friends, she had embraced the free-thinking philosophies of Mary's late mother. Being wed to any man would only rob her of the freedom she now had to pursue her painting career, so that she had not changed her mind about marriage. Given that, what was to stop her from indulging in another, more modern relationship with Blackstock?

The idea sent an excited shiver through her. Yet, what would Father and Talbot say should they learn of her intentions? Doubtless they would be shocked—but then, of course, they both were men.

All at once, she was acutely aware that she had no female companions with whom she could discuss the matter. Her mother had died ten years earlier, while her sister-in-law Cordelia lay on her sickbed. Her female friends were few, and not the sort in whom she could confide. The only one of them who would have understood was Mary, and she was abroad. True, she wrote to Mary on a regular basis, but with the foreign posts as they were, it was a one-sided correspondence more often than not.

Even without anyone's advice, however, she could guess some of the pitfalls that awaited her. Mary's father and stepmother had disowned the girl, while polite Society shunned her and her poet lover. But the difference was that the latter still had a living wife, while Blackstock did not. Moreover, Mary had dragged her young stepsister along with them, giving rise to more scandalous rumors of far more unnatural goings-on. She, on the other hand, merely intended to experience a few nights of passion with the earl.

And, if she were quite discreet about the whole affair, her family need never know.

She returned the drawing to her sketchbook and tucked it beneath her tick mattress. Sternness of mind would be of no help in this situation. Would she be bold enough, she wondered, to follow through with that particular role? One advantage would be that, if she were to become Blackstock's mistress, he would be less inclined to discharge her as his illustrator.

Conversely, it would be mortifying in the extreme if he simply laughed at the idea of taking her to his bed. Though she knew she was accounted attractive enough, perhaps he only cared for experienced women. And experience was one thing she lacked.

She bit her lip, considering. She had a vague idea that a man could somehow tell when a woman was a virgin, though how she was not sure. Moreover, she knew that a goodly number of gentlemen were averse to deflowering an innocent. Perhaps if she could keep Blackstock sufficiently interested during their lovemaking, he might not notice that inconvenient detail.

Victor has a copy of Essays on Far Eastern Marriage Customs in his library that quite explains everything one would ever need to know on the subject.

Monique's words from several days earlier echoed in Amaryllis's mind. She had gathered from both Savilles' reactions that the book to which the younger girl had referred contained certain references to copulation. Perhaps, on some pretext, she might gain access to Blackstock's library and manage a look at that volume herself. After a study of it, she doubtless would better know whether or not the role of mistress was one that she wished to take on.

Or would she?

Amaryllis shook her head. Being a modern woman was no easy task, she was learning. But she had long since determined that she was not one to act out the prescribed role of servitude that, even in this day and age, was a wife's lot. Better scandal or solitude than such an existence. For, just as Talbot had disapproved, surely no husband would have allowed her to accept a commission from the notorious Earl of Blackstock.

Save, perhaps, a man such as the earl himself.

She dismissed the thought with a wry little laugh. She had already seen the strict standards to which Blackstock held his young sister. Despite his reputation, she rather suspected that he would insist that any wife of his conduct herself in a similarly conventional mode. And doubtless he would expect his future bride to possess, if not wealth, then a title . . . both of which requirements she lacked.

"Ah, well, so much for becoming Lady Blackstock," she murmured as she pinched out her candle and snuggled back under the coverlet.

"'Tis a right good thing yer lordship 'as a tough skull," Derek observed as he pressed a handkerchief to the back of Victor's bleeding head. "Are ye sure ye don't want me to summon a constable? The footpad wot done this might still be about."

"I doubt that," Victor replied, then winced as the very act of speaking sent a renewed shaft of pain through him. "He'll be long gone, my watch with him."

He snatched the wadded square of linen from his driver's hand and pressed that makeshift bandage in place. Then, legs still unsteady, he rose from the stoop where he'd been sitting. Bloody hell, but it was getting to be almost a habit, this being rendered unconscious by some miscreant coshing him over the head.

He shot a disgusted look down at his filth-caked attire. He now exuded a noticeable stench that was equal parts mud, rotting garbage, and manure . . . not surprising, since Derek had discovered him lying senseless in an alleyway not far from the Golden Wolf. By their combined reckoning, almost half an hour had passed since Victor set out on foot from that gambling hell to find his driver and the missing coach.

Derek's own search for his employer had proved easier than had Victor's for him. For, as Victor suspected, the younger man had not left on a whim. Rather Derek had been duped into leaving his post by a street urchin bearing a message purportedly from Victor himself.

Mindful of his aching head, he turned back to his driver. The younger man's face in the yellow glow of the carriage lamps reflected both concern and shame.

"Tell me again what the boy looked like, what he said," Victor demanded.

Derek's pockmarked features dutifully twisted as he rallied his powers of recollection.

"'E was a ragged lad, not above ten years old, the sort wot ye find wanderin' on any street," the man began. "'E told me the Earl o' Blackstock 'ad paid 'im a shilling to deliver a message. 'E said 'ow as yer lordship would stay longer than wot ye planned, an' I should come back again at dawn for ye."

"And you had no cause to think that the message was from anyone other than me?"

Derek gave his head a helpless shake.

"Ye'd given me the same sort o' orders once or twice before, so it seemed likely eno'. I drove off, but I couldn't help thinkin' 'ow as somethin' weren't quite aboveboard. I came back just t'make sure, an' one o' the Wolf's lads said 'ow as ye had already left. That's when I went lookin' for ye."

He paused, his face paler than usual as he turned a pleading look on Victor.

"I 'ad a right good fright, seein' ye lyin' there like that. 'Twas right relieved, I was, to find ye still breathin'. Believe me, milord, if I'd known anythin' were amiss, I never would 'ave left in the first place."

"I'm sure you would not have."

Undeniably, he'd never had cause to question the man's loyalty in the past. He was not prepared to do so now, though it occurred to him that he had only Derek's word there had been a street urchin bearing false intelligence. Beyond that was the fact his instincts told him that this attack had not been a random one. Someone had deliberately targeted him. The question was, who . . . and why?

As if reading his thoughts, Derek went on. "'Tis a right odd bit o' business if ye ask me, milord. Why would a footpad go to the trouble o' sendin' me off, when 'e could 'ave 'is pick o' gents wanderin' about? 'Twas like 'e wanted ye, in particular."

"Or something of mine, in particular."

What the thief had made off with was his gold pocket-watch bearing the Saville family coat of arms. To be sure, it was an expensive enough piece. Still, the man had left behind Victor's wallet full of blunt, a gold-headed walking stick and—far more valuable than any of the other items—his gold ring with that same family crest engraved upon it. Victor frowned. Given that his assailant had taken such pains with this robbery, and that he'd had the privacy of a dark alley in which to conduct the crime, why had the man not absconded with everything of value?

Unless, perhaps, this had not been a simple robbery.

"Mayhap we should be off, milord," Derek now suggested with a nervous look around them. "If ye're not wantin' to report the crime, there's nothin' more we can do 'ere."

Victor followed his gaze. It would be dawn in another couple of hours. The greatest portion of the Golden Wolf's clientele had no doubt dispersed or else were passed out on its splintered wooden floors. The hired hacks he'd earlier noted had picked up their last fares and clattered off into the cool night, so that the streets were well-nigh deserted. Even if his suspicions were right, and something other than robbery had motivated his attacker, he'd find no clues or witnesses now.

"Home, it is," he agreed and gingerly climbed into the coach.

As Derek whipped up the team, Victor sank back against the soft leather and gritted his teeth. He did not look forward to the return journey. Well-sprung as his carriage was, the ride would still likely prove excruciating in his battered condition.

Indeed, by the time they reached home, his head pounded like an entire company of foot soldiers crossing a wooden bridge, while the odor that clung to him had ripened to an unbearable stench reminiscent of a stable that had not been mucked out in some years. He suppressed a groan as, not waiting on Derek, he clambered down from the coach and started up the steps to the front door of his town house.

"Milord," Derek ventured from his perch atop the carriage. "Shall I go for Dr. Meeks?"

"No point bothering the good doctor at this hour."

Besides which, he silently added as he shut the door behind him, he'd feel like a fool having the man treat him for the same injury twice in less than a fortnight. Meeks would doubtless think him incapable of being let out on his own, given that he seemed prone to attack from behind.

Once inside his bedchamber, he tugged the bell pull that would summon his valet; then, with as much speed as his pounding head allowed, he began undressing. By the time Moresdale made his appearance, Victor was standing naked before a pile of muck-stained clothing and holding a fresh compress to his head.

"No questions," he decreed in a weary voice as the bemused valet opened his mouth to speak. "Just take those rags down to the hothouse and bum them in one of the fireplaces. I'm going to get a bit of rest."

"Very good, milord," came the man's obedient reply, though Victor suspected the valet would have the entire story from Derek by the time he made downstairs again.

Or would he need to?

Victor watched while the other man scooped up the offensive clothes. Despite the hour, the valet was fully dressed, save for his coat. As if he had just come in from a night out himself. It occurred to him then that the former pugilist might have been responsible for the attack on him, perhaps conspiring with Derek in attempted murder. Christ, maybe the whole bloody household, not excepting his sister, was in on the scheme.

"Anythin' else, milord?" Moresdale prompted, and Victor realized he'd been staring at the man.

Brusquely he shook his head, only to regret the gesture an instant later as the pounding in his skull redoubled.

"See that no one disturbs me for the next few hours, and that particularly includes Lady Monique. And don't mention this"—he indicated the blood-spattered compress he'd been holding against his head—"to her, either. The last thing I want is her fussing over me."

"Very good, milord," he agreed as, holding the odiferous garments at arm's length, the valet took his swift leave.

By the time Victor crawled into his bed, he had dismissed his momentary suspicions as a product of his jostled brain. Neither Derek, Moresdale, nor any of his household had cause to attack him. As to the puzzle of everything the thief had left behind, perhaps a passerby had simply frightened the man off before he could finish the job. Hell, that made more sense than his being the victim of some domestic conspiracy.

By the time uneasy sleep finally claimed him, he had all but convinced himself that the night's incident had been but a random crime, nothing more.





I have made some quite Fascinating Studies into the realm of physical pleasures . . . but fear not, my experience thus far is limited to reading a Most Interesting tome. Indeed it seems incredible that Certain Acts as described there are humanly possible. But perhaps I shall yet have the opportunity to learn for myself if they are . . .

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





Amaryllis stared down at the book in her lap in disbelief, wondering if she had, at long last, overstepped commonsense in carrying through with this particular plan. Upon first arriving at the Saville town house this morning, she boldly had informed the dour Peters that Blackstock had given her leave to browse his library for certain horticultural tomes. To her relief, the earl himself had been otherwise occupied and thus not available for the butler to confirm her story.

Still, mindful that the man might appear any moment, she had made her search for the specific volume she wanted with haste. Locating it on a high, dusty shelf that required the rolling ladder to reach, she prudently snatched up a couple of generic books on flora—Bofford's Guide to Elegant Landscape Plantings and A Treatise on Medicinal Herbs—as camouflage. Then, not daring to look back, she had fled to the hothouse with her prize, planning to peruse its pages later.

Now with the greatest part of the day's work behind her, she sat upon the tall wooden stool she used while painting, the book in question propped on her knees. She'd long since formed a general idea as to the particulars of human procreation. Her artwork, meanwhile, had familiarized her with the nude male and female forms. Nothing in her experience, however, had prepared her for the shocking depictions to be found within the staid covers of the primly titled volume, Essays on Far Eastern Marriage Customs.

The few passages purporting to be "essays" were nothing short of lascivious. The etchings themselves were even more shocking. Crudely rendered, save for the exaggerated attention given every male organ represented, each showed a man and woman indulging in a different variation of sexual intercourse. A few of the poses appeared ludicrous; others, downright impossible. Yet she could not deny the primitive vibrancy displayed by the artist . . . nor could she ignore the growing sensation of damp warmth between her thighs as she perused its contents.

Her gaze widened as she turned to yet another etching. Bright afternoon sun splashed through the glass ceiling above her, its golden glow highlighting every detail of that page. The drawing was that of a naked female seated upon a short column, her plump thighs spread wide to reveal the opening between them. A nude male figure was posed before her, his erect and impossibly large phallus in the process of entering that exaggerated orifice. The woman's face was contorted in an expression that, to Amaryllis's mind, one could interpret either as ecstasy or extreme agony.

The blush that already heated her cheeks deepened, so that she was grateful that the line of windows behind her was cracked open to allow in a cooling breeze. Still, she could not help but picture herself and Blackstock engaged in a similar pose. It might prove an interesting experiment, though she rather doubted her reaction would match that of the woman in the drawing. But this variation on the act of intercourse appeared more achievable than any other she'd thus far noted.

The question was, could she possibly persuade the earl to try so unlikely a maneuver?

Frowning, she flipped her way through the rest of the volume. What she had not yet discovered within its pages was any sort of clue as to how one approached a potential partner regarding such an activity. Surely it was not good form to ask a man into one's bed outright... but then, how did one hint at such a thing? Yet as she pondered the question, she heard the sound of booted footsteps on flagstones behind her.

Blackstock.

With a guilty start, she slammed the volume shut and spun about on the stool to see him striding purposefully between the rows of potted rosebushes toward her. He wore his usual black trousers and white linen shirt, topped this time by a dove-gray waistcoat. As on other occasions, he had flouted proprieties and was sans both jacket and cravat, with his collar scandalously unbuttoned as well.

Though the sight sparked a certain feminine appreciation, she gave a fervent prayer that he was there to work and not converse with her. True she planned to speak with him this day, but she would have preferred to have prepared her speech in advance, given the nature of the intended discussion. And she had no intention of letting him discover her reading an illustrated text on the subject of lovemaking!

She cast frantically about for somewhere to hide the book, but it was too late. She slipped it beneath the two horticultural texts sitting on the table beside her, hoping he would not have cause to examine the stack. Then, untying her paint-spattered smock, she draped it on the table where she already tossed her mobcap. That accomplished, she smoothed the skirt of her lemon-yellow muslin gown and faced him with what she prayed was calm aplomb.

If he had noticed anything amiss, he gave no indication as he halted before her. His expression was purposeful, and his dark gaze unreadable. Yet the sight of him worked on her like water on a wilted rosebush, so that she composed her own features lest her eagerness show on her face. If her plan were to succeed, she must appear as a modern woman, not a chit just come from the schoolroom.

"Good afternoon, my lord," she said with a polite smile, willing her gaze not to stray to the pilfered books. "Are you here to check on my day's progress? The new painting of the white Alba rose is finished, as well as—"

"Later," he cut her short, his voice holding a note that she had never heard from him before. "I have something else of greater import to discuss with you first."

He paused to rub the back of his neck, as if his head somehow pained him. Her confusion increased, so that she temporarily forgot her own intentions. He had not come for mere social chitchat . . . that much, she realized. Beyond that she would not hazard a guess, unless it was that Peters had told him about her raid on his private library, and he was here to voice his displeasure.

"I must tell you, Miss Godwin—Amaryllis," he went on, "that I did not plan for matters to unfold as they have. It is not customary for a woman to take on such a commission as this. I gather that you were somewhat surprised when I first offered you the post, were you not?"

"I had not expected any such thing, my lord," she answered, even as she favored him with an uncertain look. To be sure, this conversation was growing more muddled by the moment.

He nodded, as if satisfied by the admission.

"Then perhaps you have an idea as to my true motive for hiring you?"

"I believe, my lord, that you indicated you found my skills as an artist quite acceptable—and that you thought I would be of help to your project."

"Then you believe wrong, my dear Amaryllis," came his cool reply, while a sudden heat sparked in his dark gaze. "I had one reason, and one reason only for employing you. I wanted an opportunity to see you again, and I saw no other way to accomplish the task save by that means."

"I—I see."

A battle waged within her breast between professional pique and purely feminine satisfaction. On the one hand, it was insulting in the extreme for him to have given her work such short shrift. On the other, the fact that he was admitting a certain level of attraction for her would make her own task easier. Perhaps that was why he was here now, to make her the same offer that she had hoped to make him.

"So tell me, my lord, where does this now leave us?" she went on, not daring to let her own eagerness show . . . at least not yet.

He took a few steps closer, until he stood but an arm's length away. "Where it leaves us, Amaryllis, is that I have no choice now but to discharge you from my employ."

Discharge her?

The dispassionate words all but set her reeling, and she wildly wondered if she had heard him aright. Had he not said two days earlier that he was more than satisfied with her work? What could have happened in the interim to change his mind?

"I'm afraid I do not understand," she managed, wondering if she sounded as stricken as she felt. "Even if your original intent in hiring me was less than honest, it does not matter now."

"It bloody well does matter."

Abruptly he turned from her. As if seeking distraction, he caught up the top volume from the stack of books on the table beside her. She waited in an agony of mortified anticipation for him to set it down and seize the next, revealing the title of the third and most incriminating book at the bottom of the stack. To her relief, however, he merely flipped through the pages of Mr. Bofford's Guide, then tossed it atop the other again and turned back to face her.

"Let me be quite blunt about this. Surely a modern woman such as yourself"—he gave that last phrase a subtle emphasis—"is aware that a man might well find himself faced with certain temptations when in the company of an attractive female. And if that female also happens to be in his employ, the man might stoop to using that fact as leverage to persuade her into his bed. And as it so happens, I do find you attractive, and you do just happen to work for me.

She took a deep breath, wondering if he could hear how hard her heart was pounding. Perhaps this was the opening she needed to approach him on that very subject.

"Are you saying, my lord, that you are unscrupulous enough to use your position as my employer to compromise me?"

"What I am saying, my dear Amaryllis, is that I know my limitations . . . and that I've just about reached them."

Without warning, he seized her shoulders and pulled her to him, his fingers biting into her flesh. She gave a soft cry, and that was when his mouth claimed hers.

His lips were hot and demanding, drawing the very breath from her so that she felt herself in danger of swooning. Yet the sensation swirling through her body was not fear, but an urgent sort of longing that she could not deny. Instinctively she pressed herself to him, molding her breasts to the unyielding hardness of his chest.

He was all heat and steel beneath the civilized layer of fine-spun linen. Then his hands roughly slid down the curve of her back, pulling her closer still so that she could feel another sort of hardness throbbing now against her lower body. She gave a soft sigh of surrender and clutched at his arms, responding with tentative eagerness to the insistent probing of his tongue. Her actions drew a harsh, answering groan from him just before he broke off their kiss and all but shoved her from him.

Her limbs still trembling from these new sensations, she clutched at the table to steady herself and stared at him in dismay. He looked as shaken as she felt, his dark gaze almost black now as he stared back at her. She could hear his ragged breathing, like that of a man who had just run a long distance, the rhythm seeming to match her own uneven heartbeat.

His tone, however, was cool as always as he said, "I trust I have just proved my point. Now do us both a favor, and pack up your things. I'll have Derek waiting up front with the carriage to take you home again. And don't worry, I shall pay you a full month's wages for what work you've already done here."

So saying, he turned on his heel and started back down the rows of rosebushes toward the French doors. She watched in silence for the space of a few heartbeats, not really believing he was walking out on her this way. Then a rush of anger swept her, banishing her uncertainty.

"One moment, Lord Blackstock."

Her voice rang with cool confidence, stopping the earl in his tracks. Slowly he turned back around to face her, his features once more composed.

"I have said all that I intend to say upon this subject, Miss Godwin."

"But I have not."

She snatched up the bottom book from the stack on the table beside her; then, closing the distance between them, she halted before him and thrust the volume into his hands.

"I cannot see how it is fair that I lose my post," she hotly continued, "simply because you cannot control your baser male instincts. And as for your concern over compromising me, had it ever occurred to you that, as a modern woman, I might not be offended by such an offer?"

Victor barely heard that last as he stared down at the book he now held, not quite believing his eyes. The chit had been rummaging about his private library! As to her choice of reading material, he wasn't sure whether to be shocked, amused, or simply more aroused than he already was.

The volume had fallen open to a most interesting plate. A naked woman was seated upon a column while her partner stood between her parted thighs, thrusting into her with what appeared to be more enthusiasm than skill. The pose corresponded with uncanny accuracy to the fantasy he had conjured the last time he had seen Amaryllis here, in this very spot.

The heat that had been building in his loins these past minutes reached a sudden, painful peak. He shut the book again and set it aside, then turned his attention back to Amaryllis.

She had the delicately disheveled look of a woman who had just been thoroughly kissed. Moreover a delightful blush now stained her cheeks . . . delightful because he'd never seen a similar show of modesty in any woman offering herself in such a fashion.

Forgetting the pain in his skull from the previous night's attack, he demanded, "Let me get this straight. Are you saying that you had plans to seduce me? "

"l had contemplated the notion, yes," came her tart reply, though her blush deepened.

At that reluctant admission, he managed a laugh that ended on a groan. "Then since it seems we both had much the same idea, let's make a pact. You seduce me, and I'll seduce you. Is it an agreement, Miss Godwin?"

"It is, Lord Blackstock."

At her words, he waited no longer but gathered her in his arms and kissed her a second time. This time the very taste of her lips sent a shudder of pure need through him. Almost without thinking, he grasped her by the waist and lifted her onto the edge of the table beside him.

The action left her lemon-yellow skirt hiked now almost to her knees. In a single efficient move, he tugged up her gown almost to her hips, exposing a pair of shapely legs clad in silk stockings tied at the knees and—not surprising for a modern woman—a pair of lace-trimmed drawers.

"W-What are you doing?" Amaryllis gasped out, staring back at him in alarm.

He slanted her a wry look. "Why seducing you, of course."

"Oh. I see."

Indeed things were progressing with dizzying rapidity, so that she could scarce catch her breath. Here she was, seated rather amid a tangle of small rosebushes and well on her way to being compromised. Moreover, it had just occurred to her that they were conducting this mutual seduction in the middle of the day in a room full of uncurtained windows and in sight of a pair of French doors. Surely there were some proprieties to be maintained, even under such circumstances.

"But what if someone walks in?"

He favored her with a ragged grin that made him look quite boyish. "No one sets foot here without my permission; besides which, you're still quite decently clothed," he reminded her as his hand roamed up her thigh. "So unless you've changed your mind about what we're about to do—"

A gasp was her only reply, for his fingers had found the opening in her drawers and were toying with the soft curls that covered her woman's mound. She shivered, certain she should protest but unwilling to let him stop as yet. Then, before she realized what was happening, he began to do quite extraordinary things to the tiny nub of flesh between her thighs.

She caught back a gasp. "Is this your means of seduction, my lord?" she managed to ask.

He gave her another ragged grin by way of answer.

"It's a start. And I think that, given the current circumstances, you should dispense with titles and simply call me Victor."

But speech was suddenly beyond her. Indeed every sensation was centered in that one spot, building with an almost painful urgency to an unknown peak. She was aware now of a damp, sticky warmth there, the same sort of warmth as had assailed her while she earlier had studied the etchings. Embarrassed color flooded her cheeks, and she wondered what Blackstock must think of her. He, however, had a look of purely male satisfaction about him.

"You're warm and willing, just as I imagined," he murmured as he stroked her with a rhythm that set her entire body afire. "Shall I continue my seduction, then?"

"Oh, yes, my lord—Victor," she gasped out and caught hold of his shoulders to brace herself.

She shut her eyes and spread her thighs wider still. No longer did she care what he thought, so long as he did not stop what he was doing to her.

His free hand, she realized, had moved up her waist to the bodice of her gown. The sensations now were different, but equally delightful. He lightly squeezed one breast, and then the other, brushing his thumb across her nipples until they puckered like rosebuds against the thin fabric.

Yet even as she concentrated on her body's newest responses, the fingers of his other hand abruptly slid into the moist, tight heat of her woman's sheath.

She bit back a scream of painful pleasure and shuddered, feeling her inner muscles clamp down on him as he slid his finger in and out of her. If what he had been doing to her before had been exquisite agony, this now was unbearable ecstasy. Vaguely she was aware that her head was lolling back, just like the woman in the etching, and she knew now the answer to her earlier question. But then, without warning, he pulled away.

She could not help a protesting cry as she opened her eyes again. "A-Are you quite finished, then?" she managed to ask, trying to hide her disappointment. From her perusal of the book she had pilfered from his library, she had been certain there was more to the process than this.

Victor's dark gaze burnt blacker still as he reached down to tumble with the buttons of his trousers. "I'm not finished yet . . . not by a long shot," came his husky reply as he freed his erect shaft from the confining garment.

The sight of his swollen male organ sent a swift moment of alarm through her. She had dismissed as exaggerated the etchings' depiction of that portion of the male anatomy. If anything, those drawings had not done it justice . . . at least, not in Victor's case.

She had no further time to consider the matter, for he nudged her thighs wider apart and positioned himself between her legs, much like the man had stood before the woman in that one memorable etching. He had cupped his thick length in one hand so that the swollen tip of his organ now brushed her slick folds of woman's flesh. The sensation nearly sent her swooning, so that she barely heard his murmured words of encouragement before he grasped her hips and thrust himself deep within her.

She was aware of a tearing sensation and a single sharp instant of pain, so that she shut her eyes and cried aloud. The pain dulled to a bearable ache, that feeling coupled with an inescapable sensation of fullness that reached to her very core. Her next realization, however, was that Victor had gone still within her.

She opened her eyes once more to find his dark gaze burning into her. Intimately entwined as they were, she had no trouble reading the full play of emotions—comprehension, disbelief, frustration—that flashed across his face.

Neither did she miss the outrage in his voice as he choked out, "Bloody hell, you're a virgin."





"Was a virgin," Amaryllis meekly corrected, a blush suffusing her features even as she willed herself to hold Victor's angry gaze. "I was not quite certain you would notice."

"Not notice?"

His words ended on a sound very close to a growl. Then, as if regaining his composure, he demanded, "Tell me, Amaryllis, just how did you think I could have avoided noticing?"

"I—I supposed I presumed that, in the heat of the moment, you might overlook that small detail."

"Your being a virgin is no small detail."

As he spoke, his fingers tightened on her hips, and she felt the unmistakable stirring of his shaft deep within her. The sensation sent a surge of feminine possessiveness through her. For the moment, he was not the aloof and unobtainable Earl of Blackstock, but simply a man . . . and she, the woman who held him enthralled.

Instinctively she wrapped her legs around his waist, so that his swollen length was buried deeper within her tight sheath. The action drew a strangled oath from him, though she noted with satisfaction he made no move to disentangle himself.

"What do you think you're doing?" he gritted out, a sheen of perspiration now beading his forehead. "What we're in the midst of here can't just be stopped anytime you please . . . that is, not beyond a certain point.

And the way you keep moving about, I'm damn well about to reach it."

"But if you will recall, I have never asked you to stop."

She raised a tentative hand to the hard line of his jaw, caressing that feature just as she had run her fingers across the charcoaled lines of his portrait. His flesh was warm and taut beneath a prickling of whiskers. As her hand slid down the well-formed line of his throat, she could feel the rapid thrumming of his pulse that matched her own.

Something flickered in his dark gaze, and she realized that this small act of intimacy had taken him by surprise, something that she, in turn, found unexpected. She had longed to touch him in this way almost from the beginning. She could not imagine that his past lovers had not wanted that same thing.

When he made no move to stop her, she boldly let her hand travel down the muscled expanse of his chest, feeling the heat of his body through the superfine of his shirt. In the process, a small pang of regret swept her at the way their lovemaking had progressed. True there was something exciting about the way they both were still clothed yet so intimately entwined; still, she would have preferred to explore the various muscle groups of his body without the hindrance of wool and linen.

"The next time," she ventured, "I think I would like you to remove your clothes first . . . that is, if you would not much mind it."

"We'll do it any way you like the next time," he groaned out, and she felt a shudder wrack him, "but let's finish this time first."

He began thrusting in and out of her—slowly at first and then with greater urgency, grasping her hips as he urged her to move with him. With a soft, eager cry she tightened her legs about him and matched that sensual rhythm. His face was taut now with a desire that she knew must reflect her own need.

Shy, all at once, she clutched his shoulders and buried her face against his waistcoat lest he read her heated features and know just how much she wanted this. Still, she could not hide the way her body was reacting. After only a few swift strokes, she had reached that same, almost unbearable peak of tension she had known but moments before.

Quite breathless by now, she vaguely realized that Victor's breathing had taken on a harsh, ragged rhythm as well. This time, however, he did not stop but kept driving into her, until her every sensation was focused on the hot, heated bud of desire deep within her. Then, just as she thought she must surely swoon, that tiny bud exploded into a dazzling bloom of release that made her cry out in pure joy.

As she reached her own climax, she heard Victor's harsh groan of completion. He thrust one final time into her, then wrapped his arms around her and was still.

They remained in that pose for several moments, with her snuggled against his chest so that she could hear as his rapid heartbeat slowed to a more regular pulse. Finally he eased himself from her and refastened his trousers. He avoided her gaze all the while, however, so that her brief moment of contentment faded to uncertainty.

She tugged down her gown as best she could, though she dared not climb from the table as yet lest her trembling legs not hold her. Something was amiss, she knew, but just what troubled him, she could not say. She reached a tentative hand to him.

When her fingers brushed his jaw, he gazed back up at her, and she saw that the earlier heat that had darkened his eyes was gone. Anger, and another emotion that she could not read, had replaced it.

"Victor, what is wrong?" she softly asked. "Did you not enjoy what we did?"

His harsh sound of amusement grated on her soul. "Enjoyment doesn't have a thing to do with it . . . not that I didn't enjoy myself, because I did. As for what's wrong, it seems that I've sunk to despoiling innocents, and I'm not proud of it."

"Really, Victor," she exclaimed with a frown, "you make what we did sound so sordid, and it was not. It was a simply wonderful experience, and I refuse to be sorry."

Despoiling innocents, indeed. Did all men lapse into melodrama following lovemaking, she peevishly wondered as she smoothed her crumpled gown, or was he the exception?

Quite out of sorts now, she hopped down from the table, wincing just a little at the soreness in her thighs. It had been something wonderful that had happened between them, a joining of twin bodies and souls. And if he were not quite clever enough to realize that, then it was his loss.

She gasped as he caught her arm and, none too gently, swung her around to face him. "It's not that simple, Amaryllis," he gritted out. "You might be able to dismiss what we did as of no account, but I cannot."

"I did not say it was of no account, I said it was not sordid. Besides which, it was as much my idea as yours, so I don't see why—"

"Would you listen to me for a moment?"

Abruptly he released her again and raked a hand through his dark hair. "Don't you see, I never would have touched you in the first place if I had known you were a virgin. I assumed from the way that you kept terming yourself a modern woman that you'd had your share of experience in these matters. Now I've taken what, by rights, you should have given to a husband, or, at the very least, someone who was in the position to marry you."

"But I don't wish to wed," she protested, "and I cannot see why the simple loss of a maidenhead must lead to a ceremony."

"But what if you were to find yourself with child? Or were you not aware that was a possible result of our simply wonderful experience?"

The cool irony in his tone made her blush, the more so because she had managed to ignore that possibility. Her dismay increased when he added in the same blunt tone, "It's not like I'm a stable hand and you're a parlor maid, and we've just had a friendly tumble in the hay. I'd not marry you, just to give the babe a name."

"Indeed, my lord, I had no such expectations," she replied in the same aloof tones, though his words stung more than she cared to admit. "You must agree it would be ludicrous to saddle an earl with the responsibilities of a stable boy."

She glimpsed a flicker of embarrassment in his expression at her gibe, though anger promptly supplanted that emotion. "I never said I would sidestep my responsibilities, only that I wouldn't marry you. Don't worry, I'd see to it that any child of mine had everything he needed."

Except for a father.

True as it was, the brutality of his thought made Victor wince. Though how matters had gotten so far out of hand in the space of a few minutes was beyond him. He had come to the hothouse with the express intention of dismissing the chit. Instead, he'd managed to deflower her and then involve himself in a debate over a hypothetical child and unlikely parental obligations. He had never had to worry over such issues in the past, given that the females he bedded were ones well versed in the ways of preventing such situations, from the start.

So why was he suddenly concerned in this particular case?

Unbidden came the image of children—his children— playing in the garden beyond, that tangle of thorns and vines tamed to a bright formal garden. The girls would have reddish-gold hair like hers, while the boys would be dark, like him.

Abruptly he suppressed this oddly appealing fantasy. Still, he could not deny that, as he'd made love to Amaryllis, he'd felt something that went far beyond mere physical pleasure. If he had to put a name to it, he would have said it was a sense of rightness, of completeness. Something he had never before felt with another woman.

He deliberately returned his thoughts to the matter at hand. He had to decide whether or not to send Amaryllis on her way—that was, if she did not make the decision for him. And if she stayed, it still remained then for them to settle just how far her duties would then extend.

She was staring at him, green eyes narrowed as she awaited some manner of response from him. With an effort, he resisted the impulse to reach out and brush a stray curl from her forehead. He was bloody well tempted simply to take her again, to see if he could turn her angry protests into cries of passion. For, despite her prickly air of anger, she still had an appealing softness about her that made him wish he were a stable boy after all. The situation would be a damned sight simpler, to be sure.

He suppressed a weary sigh, his own anger easing. The truth was that he wanted her to continue her painting almost as much as he wanted her in his bed. But both choices—stay or go, warm his bed or break his heart—he would leave up to her.

Wryly aware that he was now slipping dangerously close to melodrama, he managed a conciliatory smile. "I think we should start again. Why don't you ask me the same question that you did just a few moments ago?"

Her eyes widened. Then a faint smile touched her soft lips as well. "I believe, my lord, I asked if you enjoyed what we did."

"And my answer is, yes, I quite enjoyed it. So my question to you is, what do we do now?"

Amaryllis hesitated, her smile fading. The moment had come, it seemed, for her to tell him her true name, as well as her connection to Talbot. For, if they were to reach any point of understanding, they would first have to meet upon the plain of mutual trust.

"If the choice was mine, my lord, I would ask to continue on in your employ," she began. "And, if you were to desire it, I would not be averse to a more personal relationship as well. But I fear that, before we go any farther, I have another small deception to confess."

A flicker of suspicion lit his dark eyes. All he said, however, was, "Go on."

"You see, I—I rather misled you as to my true identity. My surname is not Godwin. It is Meeks." She paused and took a deep breath, and then finished in a rush, "I believe that you are already acquainted with my brother, Talbot."

His dark eyes narrowed abruptly, while an expression of incredulity flashed across his features. "Do I understand you correctly? Your brother is my personal physician, Talbot Meeks?"

At her swift nod, his mouth tightened into a grim line before he softly swore an oath far cruder than she'd heard from him before.

"So this is what it has all been leading up to, these past few days. You must remind me to congratulate the good doctor the next time I see him. He played his role that morning to the hilt."

"But Talbot had no notion—"

"I'd say he had a very good notion indeed," Victor broke in, cutting her short in a dangerously soft tone. "All he had to do was offer up his virgin sister to the notorious Earl of Blackstock and then wait to see what sort of settlement I'd make to squelch the scandal. He would walk away with a tidy bit of blunt in his pocket, with you the only one standing to lose anything on the deal. Unless, of course, the good doctor simply managed some trick of surgery to give the impression that you'd never been with a man before."

That last accusation set twin patches of angry color burning in her cheeks.

"My brother would never stoop to so unscrupulous an act," she choked out. "And if you would give me a moment to explain, you would know that he would never have known it was I whom you found that night, save that he saw my sketchbook. As for why he remained silent then as to our connection, he wished to spare all three of us embarrassment. He had no idea that you would offer me employment, or that I would accept it."

"So you would have me believe that Meeks knows nothing of our arrangement, then?"

She gave a stiff nod. "He learned of it only the other night, and quite by accident. He even threatened to tell you the truth as to my true identity, if I did not."

A humorless smile twisted his lips. "I see. I take it, then, that your brother objected to your working for me?"

"As a matter of fact, my lord, he had already quite bluntly warned me away from you."

Even as she spoke the words, Amaryllis regretted them. He must know as surely as she what Talbot had said, and for an instant she felt a flicker of fear. What if she had misjudged the man, after all, and he was the brutal killer Talbot had implied he might well be? What steps might he take to silence her?

Yet as the thought crossed her mind, she rejected it. She could never have felt such fulfillment with a murderer, she was certain. Moreover, any man who had such a disregard for another human being's life would never have bothered to debate the fate of a theoretical child.

Impulsively she reached out and caught his hand.

"Talbot admitted that he is not sure whether or not you actually were guilty of that crime. As for myself, I cannot believe such a thing of you. So can we not put this all behind us and start over again?"

"No."

With that single blunt word, Victor pulled his fingers free of hers and took a step back. She glimpsed a fleeting emotion in those dark eyes—need, or maybe regret?—before his features assumed a shuttered expression.

"What you believe or don't believe about me has no bearing on the situation. The fact happens to be that you are the sister of a respected physician. It will serve neither of our reputations for people to learn that you are in my employ, no matter how innocent the circumstances. As for any other sort of relationship between us, that is simply out of the question."

She recoiled from the words as if from a blow. Then, taking a shuddering breath, she protested, "Victor, I don't care what people think—"

"But I do."

He shook his head and gave a harsh, humorless laugh. "I suppose that must sound a bit odd, coming from someone of my reputation. Let's just say that I know what it means to walk into a crowded room knowing that every person there believes you guilty of some heinous crime . . . and that nothing you can say or do will ever convince them otherwise."

That icy moment of amusement faded as he went on. "Through no fault of her own, my sister must endure much the same sort of treatment every time she sets foot outside the house. I'll not subject her or myself—or anyone else I care about—to more of the same. Now I'll see about having the carriage brought around for you."

A moment later, the French doors had closed after him. Feeling rather like a rosebush stripped of its blooms, Amaryllis numbly made her way to the back room. As always, a basin and pitcher of fresh water was set out. She caught up a small towel and washed away the lingering traces of their lovemaking, blanching only slightly at the crimson smears along the creamy flesh of her thighs.

Then a smile quivered upon her lips. Perhaps this was a more literal interpretation of the story Blackstock had told her that first day in the hothouse. She was the nightingale and he, the rose . . . and she had recklessly spilled her virgin's blood upon the thorns of his lovemaking. And though it had not cost her life, she suspected that it might have cost her a piece of her soul.

She tidied herself as best she could before gathering up her paraphernalia and returning to the main house. Victor was not waiting for her, only an uncomfortable-looking Derek. He gave her a respectful nod and helped her into the coach, then reached into his jacket pocket.

"This 'ere's for ye, miss. Yer wages," he explained when she gave a puzzled look at the small bag that jingled with the unmistakable sound of coin. "'Is lordship said 'ow ye'd been forced to give notice. 'Tis a right shame."

The bag that the young man dropped into her palm weighed far more heavily than it should have. She waited until he had whipped up the team, then untied its strings and spilled its contents into her other hand.

Despite herself, she gasped. She was holding a full year's salary—more money than she'd ever had at a single time. Then the import of what that glittering coin meant struck her, and her fingers clenched convulsively.

Victor was buying her silence . . . just as he had done with Talbot.

Her full lips thinning into a line of barely suppressed outrage, she dumped the money back into the bag and tied it shut again. She would mend lace until her fingers bled rather than take a single shilling from the man!

She waited, however, until Derek had dropped her at her usual spot. Bidding the driver a tremulous farewell—she had grown rather fond of the cheeky youth these past days—she marched straight to the doors of St. Pancras. Bolted to the wall just inside the darkened church was the poor box. Before she could change her mind, she dumped her entire year's wages into the slot cut in its top, the coins clinking like a metallic waterfall.

Her sole satisfaction lay in the fact that no one was there to see the tears spill down her cheeks with equal swiftness.





"'Ere now, girl, wot' this about?" Ezra Meeks demanded, gazing up from that night's first gin-laced cup of tea to look at his daughter. "Ye've been mopin' about these past days like ye just planted yer best friend in yon churchyard. 'Tis it because ye was booted out from yer position wit' that fine 'ousehold?"

"I wasn't booted out, Father," came Amaryllis's stiff reply as she finished stacking up the last of the supper plates. "I explained to you at the beginning that this was but a temporary post. The family merely dispensed with my services a bit earlier than I had hoped."

"'Twasn't that the lord o' the manor were eyein' ye, an' the mistress took it wrong?" Ezra guessed with a sly glint to his eye, hitting far closer to the truth than she would have liked. "Ye're a right good lookin' piece, just like yer mother was. Ye'd best be watchin' out, lest one o' those fine gents in those fancy 'ouses where ye work takes a likin' to ye an' starts pawin' at yer skirts."

"I—I shall keep that in mind."

She made a hasty retreat lest her father read in her face the angry pain and mortification that she had nurtured since that fateful afternoon in Victor's hothouse. In the five days that had followed, she had spent as much time as possible working about the house and church grounds when she was not mending lace. Her paints and brushes, however, had lain untouched as—for the first time in her life—her artwork brought her no joy.

Had it been in her power, she would have returned to Victor's town house and burned every rose painting she had done, as if such an action might somehow eradicate every vestige of emotion that had passed between them. She'd not even written to Mary about what had happened. The act of setting words to paper would have forced her to examine her feelings with more care than she was yet willing to do.

For, were she to stare squarely into her own heart, she would have to admit that her feelings for Victor had not changed in the least.

Quite simply, she still loved him.

But love, she was beginning to find, mattered very little in the scheme of things. Proclaiming that emotion aloud opened one to all manner of uncomfortable situations. At least she'd had the presence of mind to not declare her feelings before him, or her mortification would be complete. This way, Victor saw her merely as foolhardy and not as hopelessly besotted.

Her thoughts on the subject were interrupted by a swift tapping at the front door. Frowning, she pulled the apron from her bottle-green gown and started in that direction. It was not the usual hour for callers. Neither would Talbot be stopping by either, she felt certain, for she already had sent him a note saying she had complied with his wishes in telling Victor her true name. Likely their visitor was but a parishioner in need of her father's services.

By now the tapping at the door had intensified into an unceasing series of thuds against the heavy wood. Wavering between concern and irritation, Amaryllis pulled the door open a crack and peered out at their impatient visitor.

Her first glimpse was of a shawl-wrapped figure, hand still raised as if to knock again. Stepping back a pace, the visitor pulled back the topmost length of wool to reveal a pair of familiar dark eyes.

Amaryllis gasped outright and threw the door wide open.

"Lady Monique, whatever brings you here?" she exclaimed, gesturing the younger girl inside.

The first thing she noticed was that, for once, the girl was without her constant parrot companion. The next was that the younger girl's eyes were reddened, as if she'd been crying.

Sudden dread swept her. Only one thing could have sent the girl out alone in search of her. "What is it, Monique?" she urged. "Has something happened to his lordship?"

The question prompted a fresh outburst of tears from the girl, and Amaryllis felt an odd lurch in the vicinity of her heart. Dear Lord, please don't let it be, rose the swift fervent prayer within her as she clutched Monique's arm.

"Please, you must tell me. Is he . . . dead?"

When Monique tearfully shook her head, Amaryllis choked back her own sob of relief. "Is he injured, then?"

"N-No, nothing like that," Monique wailed, dabbing her nose with the hem of her shawl. "It's even worse. He—He's been accused of m-murder."

"Murder?"

She glanced into the parlor, where her father was sipping his gin and tea, oblivious to the commotion right outside his door. Then, grasping Monique by the arm, she dragged the girl in the direction of her bedchamber.

"Sit down and explain all this in a sensible manner," Amaryllis commanded and steered her toward the bed. "Surely there has been some mistake."

"Well, of course there has been a mistake," Monique exclaimed, pausing in her weeping long enough to roll her tear-filled eyes in exasperation. "Victor did not kill that woman, nor any of the others. Just because they found his pocketwatch beside her body—"

"Wait."

Gesturing the girl to silence, Amaryllis sank onto the bed beside her. "Now begin again, and slowly. Who was murdered, and when did it happen?"

"I only heard a part of what was said, since Victor and the police inspectors were closeted in his library most of the time. I never learned her name, only that she was some woman who worked in a gambling hell. And I'm not certain exactly when she was killed, only that they found her body this morning."

"But what is this about Vic—that is, his lordship's pocketwatch, and why do they think he committed the murder?"

If Monique had noted her reflexive lapse into familiarity, she gave no sign.

"They found his watch—the one with the family crest on it—lying beneath her body," she began, looking faintly cheered by Amaryllis's interest. "He tried to explain that a footpad had coshed him over the head and robbed him of it several nights earlier, but no one would listen."

At her words, Amaryllis recalled that fateful afternoon in the hothouse. She had noticed him absently rubbing the back of his neck, as if it pained him. That would explain how he had been hurt . . . though why he had not cared to confide in her, she was not certain.

"Indeed you would not believe how frightfully they treated my poor brother," Monique went on, not noting her distraction. "One of the inspectors—a sly little man with red hair—said that witnesses had seen Victor with that woman in that very gambling hell earlier in the night. They also claimed that the two of them had had a fight of sorts."

That last bit of intelligence distressed Amaryllis almost as did this talk of murder. Whatever had Victor been doing in a gambling hell with a woman of easy virtue? Had he tried to slake his lust with a prostitute that night and then, unsatisfied, turned to her?

"—and now they've taken him away."

It took a moment for Monique's last words to filter through her mental cloud of anguished outrage. When their import struck her, she grasped her arm. "What do you mean, taken him away?"

"Th-they took Victor off to the magistrate at noontide, and I have not h-heard from him s-since. Perhaps he is in Newgate, even now."

She trailed off on another wailing sob, which Amaryllis was hard-pressed not to echo. Surely it was the most circumstantial of evidence which had been brought against him. Yet given the gravity of the crimes, and the fact the police had been helpless as yet to solve them, it was not surprising they had seized him.

But would they let him go again, or would he be imprisoned and then brought to the dock?

She took a shaky breath and tried to compose her frantic thoughts. The fact that he had once been accused of a similar crime must surely weigh against him. Unless—

She glanced back at Monique, who had fixed her with a look of tearful yet eloquent appeal. She stood again, feeling suddenly put upon by the entire Saville family.

"So that is why you have come here," she said, as the girl's motive became apparent. "You want me to tell the magistrate that I also was attacked by the Barkshire Demon, and that he was not the same man as Victor. Is that not so?"

"You must!" Monique cried with a vigorous nod. "Perhaps they would believe you, even if they would not listen to him."

Her first impulse was to refuse outright. After all, why should she care what happened to Victor, when his lordship had so coldly used her? He deserved every bit of unpleasantness that came his way. Let him talk his way out of this predicament, just as he had talked his way out of their fledgling relationship.

That moment of rebellion was short-lived, however. Modern woman she might be, but she had learned that a romantic's heart beat in her breast. She would never leave Victor to his fate, no matter what he had done to her. The question was, how much help could she be to him?

"I doubt my word would carry much weight," she answered with a small shrug. "As it is, I supplied the police with a sketch that I made of my attacker. They know what the true killer looks like. I kept the original. Here, I shall show it to you."

So saying, she reached beneath her bed for her sketchbook. She rifled through it, and then plucked out the drawing she had made of the Demon and handed it to Monique. The girl let out an audible gasp at the sight.

"Th-this is the man who attacked you?" she demanded, tearing her gaze from the sketch to stare, wide-eyed, up at Amaryllis. "Why, he does look quite frightful."

"Believe me, Monique," came her wry reply, "he was a far more terrifying sight in the flesh."

Monique nodded, her features hardening as she stared down at the picture again. "I think that Victor should see this . . . and you should come back to our town house with me to await him."

"Certainly not. Take the drawing, if you wish, but I am staying right here."

"But you must come with me," the girl protested, her moment of strength waning as tears welled up in her dark eyes again. "I—I cannot bear to wait for him alone . . . especially not after I've seen this drawing."

"Monique, you are acting quite foolish. You can't believe the Demon would come after you in your own house?"

"He might," she said in a bleak tone, pale lips trembling. "Do keep me company, at least, for a time. Derek can take you home again later, if you truly wish it."

Amaryllis sighed, her mental debate finished almost before it began. For, in truth, she would never sleep a wink this night, worrying over Victor's fate. She would derive as much comfort from Monique's company as the younger girl would get from her.

"Very well," she agreed with a sigh. "Let me find my cloak and tell Father where I will be."

She thought she saw a flash of triumph in the girl's dark eyes before Monique nodded. Tucking the drawing beneath her shawl, the girl scrambled to her feet and followed as Amaryllis led the way toward the front door.

She paused at the parlor to find her father still sitting where she had left him. He was well into his third cup of tea now and more agreeable than usual as she gave him an edited account of the Saville family's travails.

"Be off wit' ye then," he said with a cheerful nod. "If they'll be puttin' ye up for the night, ye can stay wit' the young mistress until tomorrow, or e'en the day after, if ye wish it."

His sudden charitable impulse aroused her suspicions, until she decided it must be the gin that had spurred him to such largess. Bidding him good-bye, she joined Monique in the familiar black carriage.

They rode in silence for several minutes, Monique sneaking glances at the drawing she held, while Amaryllis sought to marshal her own troubled thoughts. It was a cool, clear night out. Even so, she was relieved that Monique had tied down the coach's heavy velvet curtains against the darkness and turned up the inside lamp. To be sure, she was being just as foolish as the younger girl, fearing some sort of attack from without. Still, one could not be too careful these days, though the Demon struck only on foggy nights.

Foggy nights.

A niggling sense of something amiss settled in a corner of her consciousness, kneading at her brain like a restless cat. She had no time to examine that uncertain feeling, however, as Monique spoke up again.

"I am certain you must feel that I have taken unfair advantage tonight," she began, her gaze not quite meeting that of Amaryllis. "Of course, I wanted you to help Victor, but that is not the only reason I came here. I—I rather thought that you had a bit of fondness for my brother, and that you would have wished to know what had happened."

"I am glad that you came, for your sake as well as his. But tell me, Monique, how did you know where to find me?"

"Why, it was quite simple."

She gave an airy wave of one slim hand and smiled, looking like a sly kitten in the lamplight. "Derek took me to the same spot where he had dropped you off each day. Then, since I knew you were truly Dr. Meeks's sister, and I recalled that he had once mentioned his father was a sexton, I had Derek drive us about until we came across a church."

"You knew that Talbot is my brother?"

She frowned as she met the girl's smug gaze. Victor could not have been so callous as to tell his entire household about her small deception, yet how else could the girl have known?

"Oh, don't worry," Monique assured her, noticing her dismay. "My gallant brother did not reveal a word of your secret. I just happened to be outside the hothouse the day you told him, and I overheard your confession."

"You were outside the hothouse that day!"

Amaryllis sagged against the butter-soft black leather, her dismay blossoming into outright alarm while a wave of mortified color flooded her cheeks. If she had been close enough to hear that, then what else had the girl seen and heard?

Apparently quite a bit, for Monique favored her with a look of knowing approval.

"I did not plan to spy on you . . . at least, not at first. I only wanted to make sure that Victor did not discharge you before you had a chance to paint my portrait. And then, when I saw what was happening, I decided it would be an educational experience for me."

"Educational?" Amaryllis echoed in a weak voice, her mortification complete as she recalled in vivid detail just what had happened between her and Blackstock there. "Monique, that was quite a wicked thing for you to do, watching us."

The girl gave her a sly grin in return.

"I was not the wicked one," she countered in a pointed tone. "Still, I was glad to see that Essays on Far Eastern Marriage Customs proved of use to you after all. I recognized that pose, though it would have been far more authentic if you both had taken off your clothes first."

"Monique!" she chided the girl, feeling her blush deepen still further. Surely her entire face must be glowing like a streetlamp. "This is not a proper topic of conversation for a young woman to be having."

By way of answer, Monique stuck out her tongue in an impudent gesture. "I vow, you are quite as stuffy as Victor. The two of you suit quite well."

She paused and tilted her dark head, considering. "The fact you are not just a sexton's daughter, but the sister of a physician, is a help. Of course, it would have been preferable if your father was a peer; still, Victor has title and wealth enough for you both."

Before Amaryllis could form any sort of reply to that last incredible statement, the carriage jerked to a halt. The town house, she saw, was lit by but a few lamps, presenting an unwelcome facade.

"I wonder if he has come home yet," Monique wistfully wondered as Derek climbed down to open the door. "Perhaps he is waiting for me in the library even now."

She rushed headlong inside, leaving Amaryllis to follow at a more decorous if no less anxious pace.

He was not there, nor anywhere else in the house. Indeed the place seemed deserted, so that the sound of footfalls as they returned downstairs to the main hall took them both by surprise.

"Lady Monique. Miss," came Peters's dour greeting as that man halted near the main stair and made them both a nod. "I thought perhaps it was you."

"Have you had any word of his lordship?" the girl cried as she swept off her collection of shawls. "I thought surely he would be home by now."

"His lordship has not returned. Nor, thankfully, have the police paid us a return visit."

"Then what is going on here?" she demanded of the butler, gesturing about the empty hall. "It is still early. I cannot believe everyone is abed yet."

"Ahem."

Peters cleared his throat, looking ill at ease now, so that Amaryllis guessed the reason before he spoke. "It would seem, my lady, that all of the staff save myself, Moresdale, and Derek have given notice and left."

"Given notice?"

She glanced about her in bewilderment, as if expecting the missing servants to reappear. "But why have they gone? They were treated well here, were they not?"

"They had no complaints as to their treatment or wages, my lady," Peters replied, the color rising in his face. "It simply was that they objected to working for the Barkshire Demon."

"But that is ridiculous!" she exclaimed, her shawls swirling as she flung her arms open in a dramatic gesture. "Victor is no more the Demon than you or I. I have never seen such disloyalty. How can they think—"

"Monique, do not carry on so," Amaryllis broke in as the former's agitation continued to build. She grasped the younger girl's arm and gave her a firm shake. "I am sure they will all think the better of things and return on the morrow. As for disloyalty, I would think that they were frightened instead. You must know that they would be hard-pressed to obtain a new post without a letter of reference from his lordship."

"But it's not fair," she wailed. "Victor is not the Demon. I know he's not."

"As do I." With those firm words, Amaryllis turned her attention back to the butler, who looked as if he'd rather be anywhere else at this moment.

"Peters, I believe that Lady Monique and I will wait in his lordship's library for a time. Do you think it possible to arrange for a tea tray for us?"

"I will see what I can do, miss," the man agreed in obvious relief as he took his quick leave. The matter settled, Amaryllis ushered her young friend upstairs to the library.

That chamber proved cold, empty, and decidedly unwelcoming, even when Amaryllis had turned up all the lamps. A fire had been laid on the grate but not lit, so she turned her attention to that task. By the time Peters entered with the requested tea tray and set it on the edge of the desk, however, a merry blaze was dispelling the chill.

"Do pour," Monique ordered from the large leather chair behind Victor's desk, where she already had settled with a proprietary air.

Smothering a smile at the sight of the girl dwarfed by that massive piece of furniture, Amaryllis complied. She paused in the act of catching up the cream pot, however, and gave a thoughtful frown. Then, decisively, she made her way around to the other side of the desk.

"Whatever are you doing?" Monique demanded as Amaryllis began opening and closing drawers.

Amaryllis shook her head by way of reply until, pulling open the last, her search yielded what she sought. "Here we are," she announced as she pulled forth a partially full bottle.

Monique stared, open-mouthed, before allowing herself a small smile. "How daring. Do you really mean that we should drink it?"

"Of course."

She liberally laced each cup of tea with the dark red liquid, then handed one to her. "Gentlemen always seem to fortify themselves in a time of crisis, so why should not we? We are modern women, are we not?"

Giggling, Monique sipped at the potent brew, and then delicately choked. "I believe I feel quite fortified already," she declared between gasps before taking another drink.

Amaryllis smiled as she settled in the chair across from the girl. She grimaced as she took her own first hesitant swallow. Still, by the time she finished off her cup, she, too, felt fortified.

"A bit more tea?" she suggested with a hint of a grin. Monique eagerly nodded. Amaryllis poured them both another cup, then reached again for the port bottle. She splashed an ample portion of the blood red wine into both delicate cups before resuming her chair.

"Now that we are better able to face the situation," she said, "what would you prefer to do—talk about the murders or distract our minds with a more cheerful subject?"

"Do let's talk about something else," Monique determined from behind her raised cup. "Let me see . . . perhaps you would like to hear about how I first found Wilhelm."

"Oh, yes, your parrot. Where is he tonight?"

"He is upstairs, asleep in his cage. He needs his rest, you know, or he will be quite out of sorts come morning."

With that introduction, Monique launched into the tale of how she had been at the docks with her father. Hearing a merry whistle, her attention had been caught by a ship's boy carrying a red-and-gray bird in a tiny, open-weave basket. Her heart had gone out to the captive creature, and she had pressed her father to buy him for her. The earl, who always was wont to indulge his only daughter, promptly took her in search of Wilhelm's owner.

That man had proved to be the ship's captain, who fancied the rare bird as a mascot. The parrot had come from darkest Africa, the grizzled man had stated with a sour look, and he was not prepared to part with him for any price.

Monique's delicate brow furrowed at the memory.

"But I could not bear to see poor Wilhelm stuck in that tiny cage with only that awful man to care for him," she declared, sloshing a bit of her port in her enthusiasm for her own tale.

She went on to explain that while the two men were distracted by conversation there at the ship's gangway, she had unfastened the cage door. After a puzzled squawk, Wilhelm had flown free of the ship and down to the teeming dock below.

"But Wilhelm is here," Amaryllis pointed out. "l presume you managed to find him again?"

"Just wait, and I will tell you."

The girl took another long sip of her port-laced tea; then, her words a bit fuzzy now, she went on. "The captain was in a rage, to be sure, and I fear my father was not very happy, either. It cost him every cent he had upon him to appease the man, and me with nothing to show for it. But then, as we were walking back along the dock again, I heard that same whistle."

She paused and gave Amaryllis a tipsy grin.

"When I looked over, there was Wilhelm perched upon a piling—free as a bird," she exclaimed with another giggle. "I called him, he flew onto my shoulder, and we have been fast friends ever since."

Then she sobered. "I fear that he and Victor do not get along too well, however. Indeed Wilhelm once swooped down on him and bit him on the ear. Victor was quite put out, as you might guess, especially since it was right before he was to go out that night, and he bled all over his new linen shirt."

For some reason, that last struck them both as exceedingly amusing. They gave way to gales of laughter that, when they subsided minutes later, left them weak.

Now it was Monique who refilled their cups with equal portions of both beverages. Next was Amaryllis's turn to regale Monique with a story. She thought a moment and then recounted the time when, as a child, she had played ghost in St. Pancras's cemetery and sent the bishop himself running in terror.

They passed the next hour, and the next, in a similar companionable fashion. The level of port in their pilfered bottle dropped in direct proportion to their growing hilarity. The fire had died as well, but neither of them bothered to stir it up again. By the time ten o'clock struck, Amaryllis's head was spinning. As for Monique, she lay sprawled in her brother's chair, eyes closed and mouth open in an unladylike snore.

And it was this way that Victor found the pair of them when, a few minutes later, he made his weary way into his library.





I vow that I am Most Confused in regard to my feelings for Victor. I must Despise Him for casting me aside as if I were of no account. . . and yet if he would only take me back, I fear that I would quickly swallow my pride and return to him.

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





Victor halted on the threshold and raked a weary hand through his disheveled dark hair, hardly countenancing the sight before him. Here he'd spent the greater portion of the day in the local magistrate's dank office, answering endless questions and denying his guilt. His sister and his erstwhile lover, meanwhile, both had spent that same time comfortably ensconced in his library.

Ignoring Amaryllis's cry of surprise, he stalked over to the chair where his sister sprawled, sleeping. Even before he bent over her, he was assailed by fumes of an unmistakably alcoholic origin. Frowning, he glanced at the desk to see an empty bottle of port—his port—abandoned alongside two dainty teacups.

The frustration of the entire day rose to a dangerous pitch within him as he abruptly rounded on Amaryllis.

"What do you think you're doing here, getting my sister drunk as a lord?"

She rose from her chair, swaying slightly as she did so.

The lamps were turned down, and the fire had died to a sullen red glow of embers, lending her pale face a rosy flush against the shadows. Had he been in the mood to appreciate such images, he would have deemed the tangle of red curls that had worked loose of their pins to dance across her brow quite fetching. As it was, he merely glared as her green gaze—slightly unfocused by the port—met his.

"I am here because Monique asked me to come," she declared in the careful, dignified tones of one who has overindulged and is trying to disguise that fact. "As for being drunk, we had a sip or two of port to fortify ourselves while we awaited your return."

"A sip or two?" he echoed in disbelief, slanting a disgusted look at the empty bottle. Then he frowned. "You are telling me that my sister asked you to come here to wait for me? What purpose did she think that would serve?"

"She was concerned for your well-being and felt in need of a friend."

She paused, and then added, "Especially since all but three of your staff gave their notice tonight and left her virtually alone here."

He muttered another curse, raking his hand through his hair again. The place had seemed empty when he'd returned, but he had chalked that up to the late hour. He'd had no notion that, just because he'd been questioned about a few murders, everyone from footman to parlor maid would abandon the place.

He walked over to the bell pull and gave it an angry tug, waiting in silence until Peters swiftly appeared

"Is what Miss Meeks told me true," he demanded of the man, "that the entire staff has given notice?"

"I fear so, my lord. All the less steady of the servants— that is, the women and a number of the younger men—had strong feelings about staying in your employ, given the circumstances. I tried to dissuade them, of course, but to no avail."

"I see. Now would you be kind enough to carry Lady Monique to her room. I'm afraid she is in no condition to make it upstairs on her own."

Peters spared a disapproving glance at the snoring girl before turning a well-bred look of alarm on him. "But, my lord, her ladyship's maid and all of the other female servants have left us. What shall I . . . that is, how should I go about—"

"She can bloody well sleep in her gown, if that is your concern," Victor growled. "Now get her the hell out of here so I can finish my conversation with Miss Meeks."

He waited until Peters, puffing under his slight burden, had quit the library and closed the door after him before he rounded on Amaryllis once more.

"Very well, I can appreciate why my sister would want the company," he conceded as he took the other armchair for himself, then gestured her to sit back down again. "But why ask for you, of all people, rather than one of her usual friends?"

A flicker of what appeared to be offended anger heated her green gaze, and two spots of pink burned high on her cheeks. Still, her tone was level enough as she replied, "As you pointed out to me, Lady Monique is tarred by the same brush as you, which probably means any of her Society friends have by now abandoned her. Besides, I believe that Monique had hoped I might speak with the magistrate in your behalf, since I am the only one who can swear that you are not the Barkshire Demon."

"Are you, now?" he softly said, some perverse inner impulse spurring him to probe this statement. "I thought you'd had some doubts on that account from the very first. Perhaps the man who attacked you was not the Demon after all . . . which still could mean I was the one who killed all those women."

"But you did not."

Something in her soft words acted as a balm on his angry frustration. The band of tension across his chest that had been there these past hours loosened, so that he felt able to breathe normally once more.

"No, I did not kill them."

Abruptly he stood again, needing the release of movement to keep apace of his thoughts. He spared a wistful glance at the empty port bottle. He could have used a nip right now himself, the way his entire body was screaming with weariness that he could not yet allow himself to indulge. Then, seeing his sister's cup on the desk before her was still half-full, he caught it up and took a long swallow.

He all but spewed the liquid right out again, so disgusting did it taste. With an effort, he managed to choke the mouthful down. Then, sparing a disbelieving look at what remained in the cup, he glared back at Amaryllis.

"What did you do with my port . . . mix it with tea?"

She gave him a rueful smile. "As a matter of fact, yes. That is how my father takes his gin, so I thought it would work as well in this case."

"Christ," he muttered at that sacrilege and set the cup down again with a clatter. A moment of silence stretched between them, so that he wondered if she had heard or believed his declaration of innocence after all.

"It matters little that I believe you innocent, if the authorities do not," she finally said. "I presume, since you are here, that you're not formally accused of the women's deaths?"

"Not as yet. They want to be very sure of their case before they bring an earl up on charges of multiple murder."

Victor managed a humorless smile. "I imagine that by tomorrow morning, my name will be in all the scandal sheets, and the entire city will be clamoring for my head. Since the evidence is rather damning, and the magistrate anxious to solve the case before the Crown steps in, it is only a matter of time before I'm in the docks."

"And if you are found guilty, you will hang, will you not?"

"I rather suspect so."

Too bad that he had not yet finished writing his book on roses, he thought with no little regret. If nothing else, his notoriety would doubtless guarantee impressive sales of that particular volume, no matter that he might not be around to enjoy his success.

He was distracted from that last thought by the look of gratifying distress that had settled over Amaryllis's pale features. It occurred to him—not for the first time this night— that perhaps he should have handled the situation between them differently than he had.

On a practical level, had he made Amaryllis his mistress at the very start, he would have been in bed with her that fateful night. Thus he'd not now be a suspect in Penelope's murder. And maybe by now he would have had the opportunity for a relationship with a woman based upon mutual care and respect, rather than the depths of his pockets.

"Would it help to talk about what happened today?" she broke in on those thoughts, her voice trembling a bit now.

He met her warm green gaze, tempted to put aside his pride and tell her everything. But what could he say? That they had dragged him into a bleak, lamplit room where he'd seen the shape of a woman's naked body beneath a soiled blanket? That they'd whipped aside that cloth to reveal Penelope Worthington's bloated body and blackened face, the angry marks of brutal fingers still on her throat?

He shook his head. Maybe he could tell her that he'd seen the angry red slash across the pallid flesh of Penelope's chest where someone had split her open, broken her breastbone, and cut out her heart. He could confess that, despite his time spent in the army, where mutilated bodies were a common sight, he'd nearly retched at the sight and smell of her.

Or he could tell her how he'd spent the next ten hours denying that he had performed this sort of barbarity upon a woman for whom he'd once held a true affection . . . and that no one had believed a word of it.

"It was not pleasant," he admitted instead as he paced about the room. "I saw the murdered woman's body, and they talked at length about my possible motives for killing her." He hesitated, seeing the question in her eyes, and then added, "At one time, Penelope and I knew each other . . . quite well."

"She was your mistress, was she not?"

He nodded, expecting a caustic comment or flash of anger from her. Instead true concern washed over her features as she met his gaze.

"I can imagine how difficult it must have been, seeing someone that you cared about brutalized in so horrid a fashion," she said. "Did you love her very much then?"

"We understood each other, was all . . . and in the end, I fear, we did not like one another very well. Still, I would never have wished such a fate upon her."

"But what about your watch? Monique said something about it being found alongside the murdered woman."

Victor let out a slow, considering breath. "It sounds quite ludicrous, I know, but the simple fact i that a footpad had attacked me a few nights earlier, yet all he stole was my watch. At the time, I thought it rather odd, since my driver had been lured away by a false message. It almost seemed that I had been chosen, rather than a victim picked at random."

Amaryllis straightened in her chair, any last trace of fuzziness vanishing from her gaze.

"Do you mean to say that the actual killer robbed you with the deliberate intent of leaving something of yours at the murder scene to make it look as if you had done the deed?"

"I think perhaps I do."

She stood, her face taking on a determined expression of defiance, like a she-wolf prepared to defend her cub. "Then we must find the man who did this and prove your innocence."

He halted a few paces from her, that single word shattering the vestiges of his hard-won composure. Despite the way he had rejected her, she was offering to throw in her lot with him, to stand beside him, to be tarred by the same brush of scandal as had colored him.

And, to his disgust, he was just ignoble enough to let her.

In the room's dim light, Amaryllis watched the uncertainty play across Victor's face and knew her own moment of doubt. He had come bursting into the library but moments before like a man trying to outpace a demon. To be sure, she had seen him before in a similar disheveled state—without his jacket, his waistcoat unfastened and his cravat untied. But she had never seen those lines of weariness that now bracketed his eyes and mouth, making him look older . . . harder.

She could only guess at how he had spent these past hours, taken from his home and accused of brutal murder. She was almost certain that they no longer beat accused men to force confessions from them—at least, not men of Victor's station. Still, the strain that was evident in his face spoke of some other, equal unpleasantness that he had undergone in the process.

Did he not want her help, she wondered in consternation, or was he afraid to accept it? And did it matter to her which of the two was the case?

It doesn't, her heart cried. She must give it to him or always regret the lost chance. And that last, she was not prepared to do.

Whether it was that knowledge or the port—or maybe a bit of both—that made her bold, she did not know. All that she did know was, a moment later, she was in his arms and kissing him.

She sensed his final attempt at resistance before, with a soft groan, he tightened his arms about her and kissed her back. His mouth was hot and demanding on hers. Eagerly she opened her lips to him, parrying every thrust of his tongue with her own.

When he lowered his mouth to nuzzle the soft flesh of her throat, she made no protest but only sighed and held him closer. By now his hands had slid down the curve of her back to her hips, pressing her against him so that she could feel the hard heat of his arousal. The sensation sent a sudden, similar need burning through her, so that she gasped aloud.

The soft sound was enough to halt him. With a ragged curse, he broke free of their embrace and stared down at her. His dark gaze was hot with an angry sort of longing, the sight of which twisted her heart.

"I suppose I don't have much right to be doing this sort of thing, do I?" he said with a harsh, humorless laugh. "Not after what I said to you the last time we were together."

"But I am willing to forget all that."

Dropping her gaze, she ran her hand across the expanse of his chest. She could feel the warmth of his flesh and the rapid beat of his heart through the barrier that was the fine lawn of his shirt. The sensation vividly called to mind what had happened between them that afternoon in the hothouse. She might forget his harsh words, but she would always remember his actions, the glorious things he had done to her body.

And if he could excite such wondrous feelings in her, perhaps she could do much the same for him.

Lightly she let her hand run down the solid length of his torso. When he made no move to stop her, she moved her hand lower still, until her fingers brushed the hard ridge of his swollen shaft as it strained against the fabric of his trousers. Then his fingers closed over hers, and he guided her hand more firmly across his erection.

She could feel his shaft stir beneath her fingers, and the sensation caused an answering damp warmth between her thighs. Bolder now, she continued to stroke him. He groaned and reached out to cup her breasts in his hands.

His thumbs brushed the fabric that covered her nipples.

They tightened into twin buds of sensation, while her breasts swelled in eager response. She shut her eyes, reveling in his touch. Vaguely she realized he had tugged the bodice of her gown low enough to reveal her breasts, covered now only by a thin camisole. Then, in a quick, efficient move, he plucked at the bows tying that sheer garment closed until both pale globes bobbed softly free of that confinement.

The sensation of cool air upon her exposed breasts made her open her eyes again. Victor's heated gaze bore into hers, and she read the question in his eyes that only she could answer.

"Yes," she breathed, "oh, yes."

Barely had she spoken the words than he began to unfasten the pins and tapes of her gown. Almost before she realized it, the bottle-green fabric was pooled about her feet, so that she stood before him wearing only her untied camisole, her stockings, and her pantalets. Then, as if he feared somehow breaking her, he slid the camisole from her shoulders so that it fluttered to the floor alongside her gown.

He halted then, his dark gaze traveling with unabashed hunger over her. Though the library's dim light offered welcome shadow, she still felt embarrassingly exposed. Her first impulse was to cover her breasts with her arms, but she stayed that reaction and met his gaze.

"Remember what we talked about in the hothouse?" he asked in a husky voice. "You said that the next time, we would take off our clothes first . . . and I agreed that we would do it any way that you liked. So tell me, my sweet Amaryllis, is this how you like it?"

"I like it this way very much," came her truthful reply.

He groaned and began to shed his own clothes until, a moment later, he stood naked before her. The sight of his firm body gleaming in the dying light of the fire held her in momentary awe. Had she her pencils or paints, she would have made his portrait right then, dubbing that finished work with the name of some Greek god or another, so well-formed did her artist's eye find him. As it was, she would be content for the moment just looking at him.

Curious, she let her gaze drop below his waist. His swollen shaft jutted proudly from a thick patch of dark hair at the apex of his thighs, offering both a threat and an enticing promise. The sight sent a delicious shiver through her. The first time, she'd had but a glimpse of his maleness. Now however, she could look her fill.

He shot her a ragged grin and moved a bit closer.

"Touch me," he urged her in a husky tone. "You don't know how many times I've imagined those clever artist's hands of yours on me, holding me like you would one of your brushes and doing all sorts of interesting things with me."

His frank words made her blush, even as they exerted an unexpected fascination on her. She gave in to temptation and reached out one hand to stroke the long, hard length of him. She heard his quick intake of breath as his shaft quivered against her fingers, and she hesitated, fearful she might have hurt him.

"You're doing it just right," he assured her, his words very near to a groan. Emboldened, she cupped her fingers about his length, marveling at the silken warmth of his flesh that sheathed so formidable a blade.

This time he groaned outright and clutched at her shoulders as he began moving within her grasp. Swiftly she took up that rhythm, her palms growing damp from the warm moistness that spilled from the swollen tip of his shaft. She felt herself grow warm and damp in response, while an urgent tension built low in her belly.

Then he was untying the tape that held her pantalets, so that they slid to her ankles. She needed no urging but stepped free of them so that she was wearing nothing now but a modest pair of stockings tied at her knees.

Abruptly he eased himself from her grasp and swept her up in his arms, carrying her over to the fireplace. He laid her on the rug before it, then knelt between her bent legs.

She shut her eyes, expecting the sharp surge of him entering her body. The sensation that abruptly assailed her, however, was something completely different.

"Oh, Victor."

Her eyes flew open, and she saw to her amazement that he had lowered his head between her spread thighs. His tongue was exploring every fold of her woman's flesh in a most intimate fashion, licking and probing her as if she were some rare delicacy served up on a silver platter before him. She would have protested this treatment in embarrassment, save that every flick of his tongue sent spirals of almost unbearable sensation through her, so that she was incapable of speech.

Just as she thought she must swoon from the wonder of it all, he raised up again. The blunt tip of his engorged shaft nudged momentarily at her damp, swollen cleft. Then, with a swift thrust, he entered her.

Just like the first time, she wrapped her legs about him and mindlessly matched his rhythm as he swiftly moved in and out of her. As if urged on by their passion, the fire beside summoned a final burst of sparks and flame. The blaze of their own making burned hotter still until, in a final shuddering climax of sensation, they reached release together.

All that remained of the fire was a bed of glowing embers when he took her a second time. This time, rather than the explosive flare of rushed passion, their lovemaking generated the glowing warmth of carefully banked coals urged into flames. Afterward, as they lay entwined before the hearth, the pale red glow that bathed them reminded her of rose petals.





Amaryllis awakened from uneasy slumber hours later to find herself sprawled naked in a bed that was not her own. Indeed the massive piece of mahogany furniture with its column like posts, draped in yards of patterned green velvet so dark it was almost black, would have taken up the whole of her own tiny room at home. It was, however, quite the sort of furnishing one might expect to find in the bedchamber of an Earl.

"At least nothing here is blue," she murmured as she clutched a tangle of fine white bedclothes to her breasts and struggled upright against a veritable cloud's worth of pillows.

That action proved more difficult than she might have imagined. Besides the lingering soreness that assailed her from last night's lovemaking, she had the remnants of a headache and an unsettled stomach. Those symptoms, she realized, were a result of the port, though she could not recall drinking quite that much of it. Or had she?

If only Talbot were there to prescribe her some nostrum, she thought with a sigh. Then again, she was glad he wasn't. Her brother had little use for those who imbibed, and he found that habit particularly abhorrent in women. Now, as bits of memory returned to her, she shamefacedly decided that he might be right.

Her last clear thoughts concerning last night were of those memorable minutes in the library. They had been, as Monique would have put it, quite an educational experience. Beyond that, everything was fuzzy. She vaguely recalled how, afterward, a still-naked Victor had swept her up and— with her in the same state of undress—carried her up the stairs like some conquering medieval lord carting home a captured foreign princess. Her enjoyment of that deliciously high-handed treatment had been dulled, however, by the sudden queasiness that had assailed her.

She had made it just as far as the bedchamber. No amount of stern-mindedness had been able to banish the wave of outright nausea that had gripped her as soon as he had set her down just past the threshold. She had made an inelegant dash for the chamberpot and emptied her stomach of the noxious port and tea mixture.

Her cheeks flamed now at that memory. What Victor had thought of such a performance, she dared not guess, though she would not have blamed him for abandoning her in disgust. He had first tucked her into bed, for which she was grateful. Whether he had deigned to spend the rest of the night with her, she did not know. If he had, he'd long since risen, for she was here now alone.

Even as she registered that fact, she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the ornate pier glass in the far corner of the room and groaned. Dear Lord, no wonder Victor had abandoned her, given that she resembled a ragged tavern wench. Doubtless he had spared her but a single look this morning and then made a strategic retreat.

Feeling decidedly out of sorts now, she gathered the topmost blanket about her like a toga and climbed from the raised bed. After making use of the chamberpot, she availed herself of the washbasin to scrub her face and rinse the sharp taste of last night's port from her mouth. Then, somewhat more revived, she took a closer look at her surroundings.

Sullen gray daylight pierced the heavy drapes that someone had pulled shut against the bustling street below. The resulting light was sufficient for her to see all but the smallest details.

The room was Victor's, she was certain. Who else's could it be, given its dark and starkly masculine air? The only touches of softness were the two framed drawings—one a charcoal sketch, the other a watercolor—that hung in odd juxtaposition together on the wall opposite his bed.

Curious, she made her way over to them. Elegantly matted and framed as they were, and beneath a protective glass covering, it took her a moment to recognize the drawings as her own work.

Once she'd thought them little more than clever depictions drawn for her own amusement. The gnarled hand had been but a study in bone and sinew, with the withered rose an object for those twisted fingers to clutch and better display the effect of lax muscle beneath aged skin. Now however, she could see the poignancy in those lines, the depiction of irreparable longing and loss with which—consciously or not—she somehow had imbued that sketch.

As for the watercolor of the white Alba rose, it had been a means to display her skills with light and color, so that her new employer would be pleased with his decision to hire her. The spatter of blood drops that turned its fallen petals crimson, and the nightingale's feather, had been but devices to accomplish that. But viewing the painting afresh, as if it were another artist's work, she could see beyond the skill involved to the deeper meaning within those casual symbols. She had captured on paper the pain and uncertainty that was love, as well as the hope that sprang eternal from it.

And the fact that Victor thought enough of both works to keep them for his own made her heart swell with grateful pride.

The click of the door behind her shattered her reverie, and she swung about with a gasp. When the intruder proved to be Victor, it did little to lessen her nervousness, the more so as she compared her appearance to his.

He was fully dressed, down to a dove-gray morning coat and starched cravat. At first glance, he appeared none the worse for yesterday's travails as he strode into the room and shut the door behind him. As he drew closer, however, she noted the tautness of his features and the shadowed look about his dark eyes. His rest had been even less easy than hers, she judged. Even so, when he halted before her, she saw the faintest hint of a smile on his lips.

Aware of the picture she presented—naked save for a pilfered bedsheet, her hair in a gypsyish tangle down her back, and her face puffy from lack of sleep—she felt herself blush. Surely any mistress worth the name would have made her first appearance of the day carefully coiffed and wrapped in a lavish dressing gown. But, more to the point, she had not yet grown accustomed to appearing before a man in a state of partial dress.

Victor took his time surveying the woman before him in weary appreciation. Wrapped in nothing but a blanket, her red-gold hair spilling over her shoulders in a tangle, Amaryllis exuded an air of wanton innocence that sent an answering stir through his loins. The effect was all the more charming for the fact she seemed embarrassed about appearing before him in such a state—this despite the way she had been in his arms writhing in passion's throes but a few hours before.

Had they the time, he would have swept her up and carried her back to his bed, where she belonged. Other more pressing matters, however, stood in the way of satisfying that desire this particular morning.

"I'm glad to see you're awake," he told her instead. "Monique has already risen, and is waiting for us downstairs in the dining salon."

"So early? Why, it cannot be much past dawn?"

"Actually it is already nine of the clock."

He paused at her sound of surprise and, raising an amused brow, added, "Perhaps your sip or two of port last night, combined with our later... exertions, left you more tired than you had realized."

He grinned outright as the delicate blush suffusing her cheeks deepened to crimson. For his own part, he had slept far better than might be expected of a man accused of murder. The fact that he'd made love to her twice and then dozed off with her warm, soft female form wrapped in his arms doubtless had helped.

"I—I shall need just a few moments to wash up a bit and get dressed," came her embarrassed reply. Then she paused and gazed uncertainly about her. "My clothes—"

"—are in the adjoining dressing room," he assured her, adding, "I managed to collect everything from the library early this morning, before anyone else was about."

Not that it mattered, given that none of the staff had returned this morning. The recollection deflated his optimistic mood, bringing home to him the fact that the scandal surrounding him was not going to decamp on its own. Not this time.

Amaryllis, however, appeared grateful for that small consideration. "I will be down in just a few minutes. I don't suppose Monique has managed to prepare you any sort of breakfast, has she?"

Recalling his sister's pale face and the way she had inched her way down the stairs this morning, as if she feared any sudden movement might cause her to shatter, Victor almost grinned again.

"I rather suspect Monique will not care to look at food anytime soon, given the state of her health this morning. But Derek, Moresdale, Peters, and I foraged quite well on our own and even left a bit for you as well."

"Thank you," she replied with a rueful smile, adding, "still, I fear I may follow Monique's lead in the matter of breaking my fast."

"As you wish. Either way, I'll expect you downstairs in a quarter of an hour. We have some matters to discuss that concern all of us left here in the house. And Monique has laid hands on a drawing that she is quite insistent I look at , but she refuses to let me see it until you join us."

In his sense of urgency, the words came out more brusquely than he'd intended. To dull their effect, he crossed to her and brushed a kiss across her temple.

He'd meant it as a comforting gesture. But then she wrapped her arms around him, her body pressing to his, and his intentions shifted to something less altruistic. The faint scent of their lovemaking still clung to her, reminding him of just how enticing a female she was. Meanwhile the blanket she'd wrapped around her had slipped, exposing the curve of her back to him.

Unable to resist that sweet temptation, he let his fingers explore that warm flesh and bent to kiss her again.

Amaryllis raised her lips to meet his, her headache forgotten as a pleasurable little shiver raced through her. She'd been uncertain of her reception this morning, dreading that the light of day would dissolve the fragile bond they had built up between them the night before. His kiss, however, dispelled any such fears.

She gave herself up to the warm pressure of his mouth against hers, the taste of him bringing back memories of their lovemaking. Yet last night's heated urgency was gone, replaced now by a controlled sort of passion that was no less compelling.

It was she who finally broke their embrace and took a shaky step back.

"Remember, my lord, you gave me but a quarter hour to make myself presentable," she chided him. "I fear I will never be able to do so if you persist in this way."

His dark gaze burned into hers, and he gave her a slow, dangerous smile that sent a curl of warmth spiraling within her. "Believe me, love, I find you quite presentable as you are . . . but you are right. I'll wait for you downstairs."

Once he'd closed the door behind him again, Amaryllis dropped her makeshift robe and rushed through her ablutions. As she once more pulled on her bottle-green gown— now rather sadly crumpled—she reflected on the advantages of being a modern woman as opposed to a fine lady. The latter would have required a good hour and a lady's maid by way of assistance to dress, she knew, while the former was well able to manage on her own.

Not that it mattered, she reminded herself, since Victor had all but said he found her acceptable wrapped even in a blanket.

It was almost exactly fifteen minutes later when, having dressed and bundled her hair into a sensible knot, she made her way to the dining salon. A cheery blaze crackled in the fireplace, a toasting fork propped on the hearth. Victor had taken his place at the table's head and was spreading marmalade on an overly browned slice of bread that doubtless had been prepared before that very fire.

Monique sat opposite him, face wan and gaze shadowed as she stared down at her own untouched plate of burnt toast and sipped at a cup of tea. The ubiquitous Wilhelm perched on her shoulder, looking quite as ruffled as she. Both girl and bird glanced up at Amaryllis's approach.

"I shall never fortify myself again," she vowed in a mournful tone. Setting aside her cup, she sagged back in her seat. "To be sure, it made for an enjoyable night, but I feel quite horrible this morning."

"Quite horrible," Wilhelm echoed, fluffing his feathers.

His words and Monique's pinched features drew a wry smile from Amaryllis as she seated herself across from the girl.

"I must admit I don't feel quite up to snuff, myself."

"Serves you both right," Victor remarked in a voice devoid of sympathy. "Still and all, Monique, you'd best try eating something. It will be a long journey, and you'll need to keep up your strength."

"Journey?" she and Amaryllis echoed in simultaneous confusion, both turning their attention to him.

He nodded. "After last night, I want you far from all this lunacy. You'll be leaving for the country within the hour, just as soon as you've eaten a bit and packed any essentials. I've already had Moresdale bring up a trunk for you, and Derek is readying the carriage even now."

"But I don't wish to go to the country," the girl wailed, turning to Amaryllis for sympathy. "Our estate in Sussex is simply frightful. I dare say there's not a stick of furniture less than a century old, and every room is dark and drafty. Why, Wilhelm and I will both take the grip. Besides which, there's not a neighbor for miles around, nor any amusement to be had besides riding about the grounds."

"No matter, you're still going . . . and you'll stay there until this business is put to rest."

He paused and gave Amaryllis a considering look. "It might be well for you to accompany her. I'm sure your father can spare you, and I'd feel easier knowing you were safely away from town."

His concern filled her with warm satisfaction; still, she shook her head.

"Have you forgotten that I am the only one who can testify that you were not the one who attacked me? I must stay here and help you find the true killer."

"As must I," Monique chimed in. "Besides which"—she paused and with more animation than she'd yet shown since waking, waved a folded sheet of paper—"I'm the one who has a sketch of him."

"Ah, yes, the drawing you obtained from Miss Meeks. You did say that, once she joined us, you would share it with me."

He rose, a thoughtful look on his face, and walked over to his sister's chair. Though his tone had been neutral, Amaryllis had heard a note of restrained urgency in his voice that belied his apparent calm.

She was not prepared, however, for his reaction as he unfolded the page and stared down at the portrait she'd done.

His gaze snapped up to meet hers. She watched in surprise the series of emotions—from stunned recognition to frowning disbelief to cold suspicion—that chased across his features.

And then, in a quick furious gesture, he slammed the page back onto the table.

The solid thud of flesh against wood made her jump. It all but drowned out the faint tinkle of broken china that was the shattering of Monique's teacup.

Silence hung between them for a space of a few heartbeats. Monique, after a little cry of surprise, sat motionless in her own chair, mouth agape as she stared at her brother. When he spoke again, it was in the dangerously soft tone of a man controlling his temper only by dint of extreme effort.

"I don't know what kind of perverse joke you're playing, Amaryllis, but I sure as hell don't find it amusing."

"I- I don't know what you mean."

"I bloody well think you do."

The expression in his dark eyes was—dare she think it?— murderous. She shrank back in her seat as he moved around the table toward her.

By the time he halted beside her chair, he appeared to have regained some semblance of control. Still, outrage was apparent in his every move as he thrust the page beneath her nose.

"You're saying that the man in this sketch is the one who attacked you that night?"

She spared the portrait a quick look, wondering if Monique had perhaps substituted another drawing for hers. It was her work, however. She nodded. "It is . . . and a very good likeness, I might add."

"Ah, yes. It is, at that."

Coolly Victor stared down again at the drawing he held. It was a brilliant, powerful portrait—the very incarnation of a demon. How or why Amaryllis had managed to capture that particular image, he could not begin to guess. Perhaps it was somehow tied into her brother, and the actions the latter had taken the night of Jane Belfleur's murder.

All that mattered, however, was the fact that she had lied to him about her part in the Barkshire Demon murders.

He glanced over at his sister. Monique sat huddled in her chair, a look of puzzled dismay on her pale face. She'd seemed to have taken quite a liking to Amaryllis——just as had he, an inner voice taunted him—so that he would spare her witnessing the unpleasantness that was to come.

"You'd best go upstairs and pack," he told her in as kind a voice as he could muster. "I need to finish my discussion with Miss Meeks. Derek will be along in a few minutes to carry down your trunk."

For once, and to his immense relief, she made no demur but slid from her chair. With a final sidelong glance at them both, she and her parrot quit the room, leaving him with Amaryllis.

He stared again at the drawing. Even while he battled angry revulsion at the knowledge of Amaryllis's betrayal, one corner of his mind admired the deft way she had caught the essence of the man she'd drawn. The slack lines of its coarsely handsome face, the twist of its sensual mouth, the dull fury of its black eyes, all those features spoke of viciousness beyond mere cruelty.

And all of those features, Victor recognized.

But as he studied that familiar face, the portrait began to bleed. Like some ancient Papist relic, the thought flashed through his mind. For an instant, he was swept by a wave of superstitious horror that transcended rational thought. Yet as he flung the page onto the table, he realized that the blood was his own. No miracle, it had dripped from the hand he'd cut on the broken china cup to drip onto that page.

Christ, was he some uneducated peasant gibbering in the night at the thought of creatures come back from the dead?

With a disgusted laugh at his own gullibility, he retrieved a snowy linen napkin and used it to staunch the bleeding, then turned his attention back to Amaryllis. Her expression of astonishment appeared genuine, as did her distress as she studied his linen-wrapped hand as she jumped to her feet.

"Are you cut very badly? Perhaps I should call Talbot to take a look at your wound."

"That won't be necessary," came his grim reply. "All that concerns me now is that drawing. Tell me once more, is this the man who attacked you?"

"It is, and I cannot fathom why my saying so has put you in such a state. Why, it is almost as if you don't believe me."

She planted her hands on her hips and glared up at him, her earlier expression of tender concern replaced by a look of outraged pride. A flicker of doubt assailed him. Could he have been wrong in believing that she was attempting some deliberate campaign of subtle accusation? For surely enough time had passed for her to blackmail him, if that had been her original intent.

But what other purpose save ill could this drawing before him possibly serve?

"I don't believe you," he flatly stated. "Perhaps you would care to know why."

At her nod, he made a contemptuous gesture toward the picture.

"Very well. The man you've drawn here just happens to be my old friend, Sir Harry Shaw,and unless I'm quite mistaken, he has been in St. Pancras's churchyard these past six months."





We formed a most Unbelievable Theory, Victor and l, regarding the Creature. You would have deemed us both Quite Insane, had you been there . . . yet it was the only possible explanation. But more Unbelievable still is the way we went about proving the truth . . .

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





Before Amaryllis had time to grasp Victor's extraordinary statement, a third person interrupted.

"Beggin' yer pardon, milord," came the voice of Victor's valet from the doorway behind her, "but I'm ready. An' ye 'ad the right o' it, milord. We're much o' the same size, so erythin' fits right well."

After a cool look in her direction that warned he'd not finished with this most strange topic of conversation, Victor turned his attention to the man.

"You look quite the tulip of fashion, Moresdale," he wryly observed. "People will think that the Earl of Blackstock has at last taken an interest in the latest rages."

Her own curiosity piqued despite her distress, Amaryllis turned to see just what the pair was discussing. Her eyes widened at the sight of the manservant decked out in the most lordly of styles. From the tips of his gleaming Hessians to the clever cascade of a snowy cravat to the smart beaver perched atop his head, he looked every inch the peer.

But rather than the more monochromatic look that Victor favored, Moresdale had combined gray trousers with a dark blue coat. He'd tied those two garments together with a gaudy blue-and-gray brocaded waistcoat that Amaryllis doubted came from the earl's own wardrobe. As for his neck cloth, it was tied in a far more exaggerated style than she'd ever seen Victor wear, while the points of Moresdale's collar swooped like bird wings quite up to his cheekbones.

"What do ye think, milord?" the valet anxiously asked. "Will I pass as ye?"

"At a distance, with your hat pulled low, and so long as you don't say anything, I think you will do."

He paused to consult his pocketwatch, then went on. "I told Lady Monique to be packed and ready in a quarter hour, and her time is almost up. Lend her a hand, if you will. And pass on the word that I'll expect to see everyone gathered in the main hall by ten o'clock."

With a bow, Moresdale quit the room. Victor waited until the echo of the valet's boots had died away before again turning to her.

"Very well, you've had a few minutes' grace to think over the situation," he clipped out. "Now are you ready to tell me just what in the hell you're trying to do here?"

Amaryllis picked up the drawing again and gave her head a helpless shake. "I—I don't understand. Why, I even posted a copy of this picture to the police to help them solve the murders. And now you are saying that this man is dead?"

"As the proverbial doornail. But I must confess it is beyond me to guess why you would claim Harry was the one who attacked you. It would make rather more sense if you had drawn my picture instead."

She shot him a peeved look. "But you did not attack me. He did!"

Victor's hand shot out and grasped her wrist, so that she stumbled against him. "Damn it all, quit playing games. I want to hear the truth for a change."

"You would not recognize the truth, my lord, if it walked up and bit you in the buttocks."

With that heated reply, she jerked herself free of his grasp and took a step back.

"The man in the drawing is the man who attacked me. Why he happens to look like your dead friend, Sir Harry Shaw, whose name I've never heard until now, I cannot explain."

Unless, of course, Sir Harry was not dead.

Amaryllis stifled a gasp at the thought. Yet with all the strangeness of events these past weeks, she could believe almost anything at this point.

"Do you think that perhaps your friend is still alive?" she ventured. "Could it be that he somehow feigned his own death so that he could commit murder with impunity?"

"Not a chance," Victor answered with a decisive shake of his head. "I attended the service, and I saw him lying in the box. Hell, I don't think he'd thawed out by then."

If such were true, Amaryllis thought with a shiver, then that left but another explanation to them. It was a fantastic notion, to be sure . . . and yet, a supernatural air did cling to the Barkshire Demon murders. Had she not sensed something quite unholy about her attacker from the very start? What if the tabloids had been more accurate than they'd known in dubbing the killer the Barkshire Demon?

What if Sir Harry, through some foul means, had come back from the dead?

She abruptly plopped back into her chair as memory assailed her. The odor of decay had clung to her attacker like some foul perfume. It was a stench that, as a sexton's daughter, she knew far too well, the stench of a rotting corpse.

She had mentioned as much to Talbot when she had told him of the attack. He had dismissed that bit of intelligence so swiftly that she had practically forgotten it. That was, until now.

"Perhaps the truth is stranger than we might believe possible," she said in a small voice. "Perhaps your dead friend has not passed from this world but still walks among us as a reanimated corpse murdering the living."

She saw a flicker of outraged disbelief light Victor's dark eyes. His tone, however, held only a hint of sarcasm as he asked, "Are you saying that you were half-murdered by a specter?"

"He was no specter," she protested, her cheeks flaming at his tone. "I felt his hands around my throat. He was flesh and bone, though not quite like us."

Victor gave a disbelieving snort and took the chair beside her, gripped by uncertainty of his own now. He'd not wanted to believe that Amaryllis had deceived him, and her protests of innocence had an authentic ring to them. Moreover, he knew what it was like to be branded guilty of a crime one had not committed.

Still, if what she proposed was too fantastic for him to believe, what would the authorities make of so wild a tale? He recalled one, in particular, of the Bow Street runners who had questioned him the day before.

His name was Chapel, a carrot-haired little ferret of a man whose pale blue eyes had gleamed with uncanny intelligence. Unfortunately, unlike his compatriot and even the magistrate, himself, Chapel had not been cowed by Victor's wealth or title. Neither was he swayed by Victor's protests of innocence.

Ye've been up for this sort o ' thing before, milord, 'ave ye not? came the man's blunt words as they had gathered around Penelope's mutilated body. That actress wot was murdered a few months back, she was beaten bloody before she died. The other gent wot was wit'ye that night—Sir 'Arry Shaw, was it not?—said 'ow ye was angry she wouldn't do the sort o' things ye was wantin' 'er to do in ye bed.

If you'll recall, Mister Chapel, I wasn't ever charged in her death, Victor had pointed out, as his stomach had lurched at the sight and smell of the corpse. Besides which, Harry was the one who killed Miss Belfleur, not I.

The runner had shrugged. Witnesses at the Golden Wolf all said 'ow ye'd 'ad a few words wit' Miss Worthington the night she disappeared. Not that can I blame ye, exactly. I can see 'ow a proud gen 'leman like ye wouldn't take kindly to a bit o' fluff leading ye about by the privates before a crowd. Mayhap ye re the sort o 'gent who don't take it kindly when a woman o ' that sort acts above 'erself

Their discussion had deteriorated from that point, with the runner still hot upon him up until the final moments before the magistrate had ordered Victor released for the time being.

I'll be watchin' every move ye make, Lord Blackstock, the man had muttered in a voice meant only for Victor's ears. Sooner or later, I'll catch ye makin 'some misstep, an' then I'll see to it that ye meet the hangman, right enough.

He had no doubt that Chapel meant every word of it. He was equally certain the runner would seek to lock him up on general principle if he tried to claim that a dead man, and not he, was the Barkshire Demon.

Weary all at once of the whole business, he got to his feet again.

"We'll speak of this later. My concern now is getting Monique out of harm's way; that, and buying a bit of time for myself to do some investigating on my own. So come along now."

She made no protest as he marched her from the dining salon and out into the main hall. Derek and Peters already stood waiting, while Moresdale and Monique were making their way down the stairs. Once everyone had gathered, Victor stepped apart and eyed them like a general preparing for battle.

Which, in a sense, he was.

"Derek and Moresdale already know what this is about," he began, "but I will explain again for everyone else's benefit. Chances are quite good that I will soon be arrested for the Barkshire Demon murders, and the only way I can save myself is to discover the true killer before that happens. Unfortunately that will be a bit difficult since the authorities—and one Robin Redbreast, in particular—are keeping close tabs on me.

"Already this morning, I spotted a couple of scruffy-looking types watching the house. As long as they think I am here, I'll not be free to move about, so my intent is to convince them I've fled London."

He nodded in the direction of his flamboyantly garbed valet. "Moresdale will pose as me. Acting guilty as possible, he will escort Monique to the coach, and Derek will drive off with the pair of them inside."

His gaze moved to his driver.

"I anticipate that our friends will follow after the carriage. When they do, Derek's job is to lose them and then leave the city in an alternate route from that which he would take traveling to Surrey. Blackstock Manor will still be his ultimate goal, as our friends will undoubtedly guess. By the time they figure that out, however, the three of you should have arrived there. Moresdale will then change back into his usual attire and assume his role as valet—"

"And what about me?" Monique interrupted in an eager voice. "I want to help as well."

Victor gave her a fond look. "Your part in all this shall be quite as important as everyone else's. When the Bow Street runners arrive at the estate, you will tell them everything that they want to hear. You will admit that I accompanied you to Surrey, that the journey was my idea, and that you suspect my desire to leave town was prompted by the fact I was questioned about the murders."

"But what happens when they ask to see you?"

"Then you will bat those long eyelashes of yours and prettily tell them that I rode off again on horseback almost as soon as we arrived at the estate. You will even allow them to search the estate, if they like, so long as they do so in an orderly fashion. My guess is that they'll take a cursory look and then spend the next few days scouring the countryside for any sign of me."

"And I, my lord?" Peters asked as Monique preened with importance. "What would you have me do?"

"You'll watch out for things here, and deal with any tabloid reporters who come snooping about."

"And what about Amaryllis?" Monique wanted to know. "What will she do to help?"

"I have decided that Miss Meeks might prove of more use to me here," he flatly said. Not giving anyone a chance to comment on that vague response, he went on. "Now, if everyone is satisfied as to their respective roles, I suggest that we begin."

What followed was, to Victor's mind, something akin to a Drury Lane burlesque. Derek and Peters proceeded to load Monique's trunk onto the carriage waiting just outside the front stoop. Then, while the butler took up his post at the open door, Moresdale—-chin sunk well below his collar points and hat pulled down to his brow—escorted Monique and the caged Wilhelm out to that vehicle.

Once Derek had shut the carriage door after them, the curtains fell into place, blocking any view of the passengers within. With the pair thus settled, Derek climbed atop his usual perch and set off at a quick pace down the broad avenue.

From his vantage point at the parlor window, Victor noted a familiar red-haired figure promptly climb from the same nondescript hackney that had been parked at some distance from the house all morning.

"Right on schedule," he muttered and turned to Peters. "Our friend, Mister Chapel, should be ringing the bell any moment now. When he asks, tell him that Lord Blackstock and his sister have departed the city. Your understanding is that they have gone to visit friends to the north, though his lordship refused to be specific as to their destination."

"Very good, my lord," Peters said with a firm nod, quitting the room in preparation to answering the summons.

Amaryllis at his side, Victor twitched aside the curtain again just as Chapel mounted the step and turned the bell.

The exchange between butler and Bow Street runner was brief. A moment later, the red-haired man turned on his heel and started back down the street toward the hack. Once he'd settled inside that vehicle, it started off with a clatter in the same direction as Derek had taken.

A knock at the parlor door sounded, and Peters entered. His round face shining with professional pride, he said, "I followed your instructions to the letter, my lord. The gentleman seemed quite interested in my story, thanked me, and took his leave."

"You did well, Peters. Now I would suggest that you resume as usual a routine as possible. Miss Meeks and I will remain here at the house until tonight. Then, we'll take a leaf from Mister Chapel's book and do our own investigation."

He waited until the butler, with a bow, had quit the room again before turning back to Amaryllis.

"Congratulations, my lord," she murmured. "Your plan worked quite well, it seems."

"Well enough, to this point," he absently agreed, frowning as he again scanned the street. "Tonight will tell the story, or I miss my guess."

No sign of anyone watching the house, he determined, letting the curtain fall into place once more. He'd half expected the runner to return again, perhaps hoping to catch them by surprise. It seemed, however, that Chapel had taken his bait. He wasn't sure whether to feel relief or unease at the knowledge.

With that thought, Victor turned from the window to face Amaryllis. She had moved to one of the velvet sofas and sat stiffly on its edge, her back ramrod straight. From her shuttered expression, he guessed she had not forgiven him for doubting her wild tale about Harry.

A flicker of inner anger heated his gut. Hell, he had every right to his suspicions, given that she had lied to him once before regarding her true identity—hardly a minor issue, to his mind. And what she was asking him to swallow now was almost beyond believing.

"All right, we're going to settle the matter now," he clipped out as he stalked over to her. "You have no doubt that the man in your sketch is the same one who attacked you."

"I thought I had already made myself quite clear on that issue," she snapped, "but, yes, I have no doubt."

He paused, taking a deep breath. What he was about to propose went beyond reason; moreover, should they be caught, they risked any manner of punishment. Still, it was the only way he knew to put the matter to rest once and for all.

He let out the breath and coolly faced her.

"Very well, then, there's only one thing to be done. Come midnight tonight, we'll dig up Harry's grave to see if anyone is in it."

Velvet darkness wrapped St. Pancras's churchyard, the moon above but a sliver of silver against black crepe, doing little to pierce the shadows. Only a hint of a breeze stirred beneath the top-heavy trees, so that every breath and every footstep echoed with disconcerting loudness. Moreover, it was fast coming upon midnight, making the hour ripe for ghosts and demons and other undead creatures who roamed the night.

One might choose no more ideal a time for digging up a grave.

Amaryllis shivered despite her snug cloak and with one hand gripped Victor's gloved fingers more tightly. His presence was a comfort, though she peevishly reminded herself that she would not be here in the first place if not for him. Why could he have not taken her at her word instead of demanding proof?

Still, had she not once proposed to him that they track down the Demon together? It seemed she had gotten her wish at last . . . and now that she had, it was the last thing that she wanted.

They had spent the greatest part of the day closeted separately—he in his library working on his manuscript, and she in the hothouse resuming her painting. Her subject had been, not the usual roses, but an unearthly landscape of dark and shadow. It was unlike any which she'd ever done, a fearful yet angry expression of looming shapes and threatening terrain that bore a distorted resemblance to the churchyard at St. Pancras. The finished work had left her physically drained but, oddly enough, spiritually revived. For she had caught the worst of her fears upon paper, the act of doing so leaving her better able to face what was to come.

Abruptly her booted foot collided with a grave marker in the shape of a weeping angel. The unexpected pain caused her to stumble, while the lantern that she held in her other hand swayed like a will-o'-the-wisp. She would have fallen had Victor not lent her swift if singlehanded support, his other hand already occupied by the cloth-wrapped bundle he carried.

She nodded to indicate she was unhurt and continued toward their destination. Only the fact that she had grown up almost within this very churchyard allowed her to move through its tangle of headstones, shrubs, and drooping trees with any measure of confidence. Victor earlier had admitted that he doubted he could find Sir Harry's resting place again, were it broad daylight. Thus it had fallen to her to take the lead based upon his vague recollections of the grave's location, aided only by the single candle of her lantern.

A night bird called, and then another, and she bit back a nervous cry. Sternness of mind, she told herself, though for once the bolstering motto did little to comfort her. For what they were about to do was a crime; moreover it was nothing short of sacrilege, at least to her mind. She could only pray that her father was safely in bed with his cup of gin-laced tea. If he decided to take a turn about the grounds, he surely could not help but notice their candle.

A few minutes later, and by dint of much stooping and squinting at lichen-scabbed inscriptions, they found Sir Harry's grave. It was situated near where Mary's mother lay at final rest, though it was a far newer plot that had not yet settled level with the surrounding earth. The stone marking it was a simple one bearing the man's name, followed by the dates that marked his birth and passing.

She was uncertain whether to be relieved or dismayed by the fact that, unlike many of the surrounding plots, no wrought-iron cage covered his grave as a deterrent to the Resurrection men.

Amaryllis set down her lantern beside that simple monument and turned to Victor. "Are you quite sure that you wish to do this?" she murmured.

Victor nodded. "Neither of us will rest easy again until we know what we're up against."

Already he had divested himself of his jacket—which he draped with casual disregard over the tombstone—and was rolling up his shirtsleeves. That accomplished, he unwrapped the length of cloth tied around one of his own garden spades. Luckily, none of the hired drivers who had carried them on their bizarre journey had either noted or else not deigned to comment upon the odd bundle. Fortunate, as well, was the fact they had not misplaced it by now.

For, at Victor's insistence, they had switched carriages twice while taking a roundabout route to the churchyard. She had questioned the need as doing it a bit brown, until he had pointed out to her an unmarked black coach following the same route as theirs . . . a coach that continued to trail them even after they exchanged their original hack for another and continued in a different direction.

She had made no further protests after that. Indeed she had gamely leaped from that second hack as they rounded a slow corner, then crouched beside Victor in a darkened alley until their pursuer rumbled past. Neither had she complained as they retraced their route on foot a few blocks before hailing yet a third hired carriage to continue their journey minus their unwelcome company.

Now freed of its cover, the shovel gleamed ominously as its metal caught the candle's faint glow. Victor's gaze met hers, and she read the grim determination in his eyes just before the shovel made its first slice into the soft dirt.

In the few minutes given over to conversation during their lengthy carriage ride to St. Pancras, she had regaled him with what she knew of Resurrection men and their techniques. Rarely did those men unearth an entire coffin; rather they dug a broad shaft in the general area where the corpse's head would lie. Reaching that spot, they would break open the wooden box and slip a rope around their victim's upper torso. All that remained was to drag the corpse up through that opening and then fill in the disturbed dirt again. Conducted by a professional grave robber, the entire process took only minutes.

Victor was following her instructions, digging at a spot just beyond where the headstone was situated. Amaryllis, meanwhile, had retrieved the lantern and held it up to guide his progress. Though he was the one doing the physical labor, she felt a trickle of perspiration slide between her breasts that was but a result of pure nerves.

The hole grew progressively deeper; still, it seemed an interminable progress. Every scrape of the shovel sounded as loud to her ears as a plank dragged across cobbles, while every creak of a tree limb or hoot of an owl made her start. As for conversation, there was none, with the only human sound a growing heaviness to Victor's breathing as he toiled on.

Once he paused to swipe at the sweat that trickled from his forehead, and she saw in some concern that his sweat-dampened shirt clung to his torso. The sooner they completed the ghastly business, she told herself, the better. If they remained in the cool night air much longer, he could well catch a chill, so that it might as well have been his grave he was digging.

How much time had passed before Victor stood shoulder deep within that shaft, she could not guess. The candle began to flicker, however, so that in another few minutes they would be without light. Hurry, she silently urged, gnawing her bottom lip in frustration.

And then she heard it . . . the distinctive thud of metal against wood.

She dropped to her knees beside the open grave, angling the lantern until she could glimpse the upper section of the coffin. The box appeared undisturbed, which eliminated the possibility that Sir Harry's body had been carried off by the Resurrection men. By now Victor had cleared away the final shovelful of dirt. He halted and gazed up at her.

Covered with fresh dirt and standing as he was in an open grave beneath the candle's sputtering light, he appeared distinctly sinister. Yet her uneasiness had nothing to do with him now, but only with what they might see next.

"Leave the light there and move back a little," he said in an undertone. "I'm going to break it open."

She nodded and set the lantern on the new mound of dirt, then scrambled back a few paces. He glanced up a final time to make certain she was safely clear. Then, gripping the shovel before him in both hands, he lifted it head-high and then, daggerlike, plunged the tool into the coffin lid.

The wood split with the sharp crack of a pistol shot. Amaryllis jumped and gave a fearful look around them. To her mind, the sound had been loud enough to wake, if not the dead, then the living. Yet she heard no slam of the sextonage door. No one rushed from the shadows to confront them.

When she looked back in Victor's direction, he had thrust the shovel into the mound of fresh dirt beside him and was bent over the shattered planks. The muffled pops and creaks she could hear told her he was prying them apart with his gloved hands. Doubtless the damp earth had worked upon the wood long enough so that it had begun to decay. Sections of board broke off readily in his hands, until he had amassed a pile of broad splinters. Then, brushing the grave dirt from his hands, he reached for the lantern and lowered it into the shaft.

"Holy Christ," she heard him choke out. "I don't believe it."

A thrill of horror swept her at the words. Steeling herself, she eased forward to peer over his shoulder at what lay in that open grave. It was then that the candle guttered a final time and flickered out, but not before she had managed to see what Victor had seen.

The coffin where Sir Harry Shaw should have lain was empty.





Choking back another curse, Victor heaved himself out of the open grave so that he sat on its edge. His feet dangled above the shattered coffin, and he gave his head a grim shake. No need to worry about some gibbering ghoul reaching up to wrap dead fingers about his boots. The grave was long unoccupied.

He glanced over at Amaryllis, whose pale face against the shadows likely mirrored his own uncertain countenance. To be sure, she was dealing with the entire gruesome situation with more fortitude than he might have expected of a female. But then, of course, she was a modern woman.

"Do you believe me now?" she whispered, and he heard the mingling of terror and triumph in her voice. "Somehow your friend has come back to life and is murdering helpless women."

"There's got to be another explanation, a logical one," he hissed back. "I can't believe that Harry Shaw is wandering the streets of London in his grave clothes, and no one but you has noticed."

"But you said that you saw his dead body," she pointed out with incontrovertible truth, "and now the grave is empty. You were present when they buried him, were you not?"

"Actually, no."

He paused, recalling that day six months earlier. It had been a bitter cold morning, so that even withinthe chapel walls his breath had frozen in the air before him. Only a handful of other mourners besides Victor had gathered for the bleak occasion. His own presence had been less a tribute to his former friend's memory as it had been grim assurance that the man was indeed dead.

The ceremony had been conducted with what he recalled had been an almost unseemly haste. Given the circumstances, however, Victor had understood. Accusations of Harry being a murderer had been followed by sly whispers regarding the circumstances of his death. His own opinion was that it had been, pure and simple, an accident. He knew better than most that Harry lacked even the vestiges of a conscience. The chance that the man had felt remorse for the Belfleur woman's death and thus had taken his own life as penance was a remote likelihood at best. Still, the resulting turmoil had caused what remained of Harry's family—a mother and an aged aunt—to bury him posthaste lest the Church deem him a suicide and forbid his interment in hallowed ground.

Frozen as said ground had been, however, it was some hours after the service before the sexton and his workers had finished digging the grave. None of the mourners had witnessed the burial, if indeed it had been conducted at all. The fact that no lingering stench of decayed flesh wafted from the damaged coffin made him doubt that Harry's body had lain within it much longer than it had taken to complete the hurried church service.

Still, there was one person who could clear up that particular mystery for them.

"There is someone who will know for certain if Harry was in that box when it was buried," he declared in a low tone as he got to his feet. Offering Amaryllis his hand, he pulled her up to stand before him. "We need to speak with your father."

"My father?" Amaryllis echoed in soft despair.

She clutched at his hand, glad for the warmth of him as a slow chill filled her soul. She'd already had her suspicions as to her father's possible involvement with the Resurrection men. Always before, she had managed to dismiss the idea from her thoughts. Now, however, she could only wonder if perhaps Ezra were involved in something far more diabolical than simply turning his head while the grave robbers did their work.

Abruptly she released his hand and took a deep breath. "If I agree to this, then you must do something for me. You must tell me what happened the night Sir Harry murdered that actress."

"Christ, Amaryllis, this is hardly the place—"

He paused and glanced about the darkened cemetery, then shrugged. "Well, perhaps it is, at that," he conceded. "But I warn you, it is not a pleasant tale. And I suppose I should begin by telling you that I met Harry Shaw when we were in the army together. We were not friends, merely the most casual of acquaintances . . . and even then he had a cruel streak to him.

"A few months before the murder, he and I met again at some function or another and renewed our acquaintance. As my excuse, Harry could be the most entertaining of friends when he was sober—which I soon learned was a rare state of affairs with him. He was drunk, as usual, the night that we met Jane Belfleur."

Victor's mouth thinned into a grim line. "Among Harry's flaws was the fact he derived sexual pleasure from hurting women. Still, it might surprise you to know that there are females enough who willingly seek out such abuse, or who are willing to endure the pain for a price. Jane fell into the latter category, which is why he brought her home with us."

He paused again, his gaze now fixed on Sir Harry's disturbed grave. "The worst of it all is that I could have saved her. I could have put her in my coach and had Derek drive her home, and that would have been an end to it. Instead I was just jaded enough to believe that what two consenting adults do behind closed doors was their own business. Thus I let Harry drag her upstairs while I took myself off to the library."

Amaryllis waited in an agony of fearful anticipation for what was to come, though she knew too well how the story would end. And Victor did not disappoint her.

"I don't know what made me change my mind and follow after them but, about a quarter of an hour later, I did. Perhaps some part of me had recognized the murder in his eyes and knew what would come of this night. At any rate, I reached the second floor in time to hear Jane screaming."

He shook his head, his features hard beneath the faint moonlight. "Sometimes I hear those screams in my dreams, and I see her the way she looked when I walked into that room, naked and covered in blood.

"There was nothing to be done for her at that point, though I checked just to make certain. As for Harry, he seemed hardly to notice I was there. He'd had the presence of mind to bum his shirt in the fireplace, and he was in the process of washing her blood from his hands."

He glanced down at his own hands then, as if the dirt that covered them was the dead actress's blood. Amaryllis felt a shiver wash over her, even as she yearned to offer a word of comfort. But she knew, too, that no pat words from her could banish the guilt he must feel. Only he could absolve himself.

"When I demanded an explanation," Victor slowly went on, "Harry said only that she had gone back on their agreement, and that he wasn't about to let her take his money without getting a bit of enjoyment out of her first. Then he passed out on the bed . . . and that is when I summoned a constable. The rest I believe you already know."

She nodded, trying to ignore the way her stomach had clenched into a cold knot at his account. "Talbot told me how the police questioned both you and Sir Harry, and that he tried to blame you for the crime. But we shan't talk of that ever again . . . that is, unless you wish it."

"Agreed. And now I think we should find your father."

"He will be home, I am certain, but I cannot guarantee he will give you an answer. He tends to be rather . . . difficult at times."

"Nonetheless, we have no other choice but to—"

" 'Ere, now," boomed out a coarse voice behind them. "Looks like we 'ave a plump pair o' pigeons nosin' in on our turf."

Amaryllis caught back a startled scream and, still clutching Victor's hand, spun about. Looming up from behind another nearby monument were two scruffy, bearded men. Both were of a height and almost as tall as Victor, though the speaker was twice as broad around as his companion. The pair were dressed in a similar fashion: baggy trousers, patched at the knees; thick overcoats of some dark, indistinguishable shade; ragged mufflers wrapped around their necks; and knit caps such as seafaring men favored pulled down low on their brows.

But far more unnerving than their appearance was the fact that the silent one of the pair brandished a heavy cudgel, while the other pointed a bulky pistol in their direction.

"Good evening, gentlemen," she heard Victor's cool voice beside her. "I fear there has been a misunderstanding. The lady and I were merely seeking out a bit of privacy. We have no wish to intrude on any business the two of you might be conducting."

"So ye say," the thin man spoke up with a nasal cackle, "but that don't explain wot ye're doin' diggin' up graves, when the two o' us already cut a deal wit' the sexton."

In a casual move, Victor pulled free of Amaryllis's frightened grip and spread his hands in a deprecating gesture. He put himself between her and the Resurrection men in the process.

"I'm sure we can sort all this out with a minimum of unpleasantness," he replied in the same even tones. "I would think it apparent that the lady and I are not in the same line of work as you gentlemen. We merely came to check on the state of a particular friend of ours. Now that we've satisfied ourselves as to his condition, we'll be on our way. And, of course, we'll have no reason to mention this encounter to anyone."

"Ye bloody well won't, at that."

The pistol-bearing man stepped out from behind the monument, waving his weapon in a threatening manner as he started toward them. He halted before Sir Harry's open grave and peered nearsightedly into it.

"'Tain't no bleedin' body in the 'ole," he called back to his partner before fixing her and Victor with a vicious look. "Ye'd best tell me wot ye did wit' the bloke, an' be quick about it, or ye'll be the one needin' buryin'."

Victor shrugged. From her vantage point behind him, Amaryllis saw that he had taken another casual step—this time toward the shovel that still was planted, blade down, in the mound of dirt.

"As a matter of fact, the coffin was empty when we got here. If you take a look, you can see that I only now broke it open . . . and no bodies are lying about, that I've seen."

What happened next occurred in the space of a heartbeat. As the Resurrection man peered back down the shaft, Victor took advantage of the man's momentary distraction. He jerked the shovel free and landed it across that man's back.

The grave robber collapsed with a groan, the pistol tumbling from his lax fingers. His companion, meanwhile, gave a guttural shout of surprise. Then, brandishing his club like a member of some barbaric horde, he stumbled his way through the tangle of graves toward them.

Victor was ready for the man, parrying the first few blows of the club with his shovel. A fourth blow, however, snapped the spade in two, leaving Victor clutching a short length of oak as his only weapon.

The thin man halted and, breathing hard, gave another nasal laugh. "'Ere, now, looks like ye're in a bit o' a fix."

Then, still tittering, he cut his pale eyes in Amaryllis's direction.

"Don't ye worry none, girlie. When I'm through wit' yer gen'leman friend 'ere, I'll 'ave a li'le somethin' for ye."

With that callous threat, he turned back toward Victor.

The latter was ready for him, however. In a single fluid move, Victor scooped up a handful of grave dirt and flung it squarely into his opponent's face.

The man howled with pained outrage, the cudgel dangling from one hand as he scrubbed at his eyes with the other. As he did so, Victor leaped upon him, tumbling them both to the ground.

Amaryllis watched for a stunned instant as they grappled over the club. Then, with a cry, she recalled the pistol that the first Resurrection man had dropped.

Avoiding the open grave, she scrambled around to the other side of Sir Harry's tombstone, where the other assailant sprawled face down in the dirt. Frantic, she scanned the tangle of new grass for it, spotting a metallic glint just a few inches from that prone figure. She hesitated; then, as the man remained unmoving, she bent and made a quick grab for the weapon.

But as her fingers closed over the cold metal, cruel fingers clamped over her hand, so that she cried out in shock and pain.

"Not so fast, girlie," the prone man hissed in her ear just before his other beefy fist collided with her temple.

The blow felled her. Still, she clung to consciousness long enough to hear her attacker call, "Stand clear, an' I'll see to 'im," before the pistol exploded in a deafening blast.

When next she opened her eyes, she was lying facedown beside Sir Harry's grave. Excruciating pain filled her head, so that she choked back a groan. Then, rising up, she made out the figures of the two Resurrection men now standing over a still, supine form.

Victor!

The cry lodged in her throat. Swiftly she shut her eyes again and feigned unconsciousness, trying to make sense of what was happening. She recalled the sound of the pistol shot just before she had swooned. Dear God, they'd killed him.

Or had they? Perhaps he was wounded instead and incapable of movement.

Scarce daring to breathe lest she draw their attention, she opened one eye again and strained to see what was happening. Victor had not moved from his prone position, and she had no way of telling from her vantage point his condition. Then the thinner of the two men bent over him and gave him a vicious kick with one booted foot.

"'E's still alive, but not fer much longer," that man pronounced with his nasal laugh. The casual words sliced like a knife through Amaryllis's heart even as she rejoiced that he still breathed. "Ye want 'ow I should kill 'im now, or leave 'im to suffer a bit?"

"'Ere now, I 'ave a better notion."

His companion landed his own savage kick on Victor's unconscious form, doubtless in repayment for the latter's attack on him. Then, scratching his bearded chin, he went on. "Remember wot the sawbones said. The fresher, the better, is 'ow 'e wants 'em. I say we save ourselves the diggin' an' take this fine gent instead. If 'e's not dead when we get there, we can slip a rope about 'is neck an' kill 'im quick. Either way, 'e's still nice an' warm when we give 'im over."

"An' wot about 'er?" the thin man wanted to know, jerking a thumb in Amaryllis's direction. She squeezed her eyes shut again, trying to still her trembling as he continued. "Ye think 'e'd pay fer her as well?"

"'Tain't no 'arm in askin'. C'mon, now, let's load 'em up before a Charlie comes by."

She heard a shuffling sound from where they stood. Peeking through veiled lashes, she saw them lift Victor's limp form between them. Silent now, they hurried off in the same direction from whence they'd appeared, vanishing into a tangle of shadows and vines. No doubt they had a wagon or cart of some sort waiting nearby, which they used to transport their victims.

As the sound of their footsteps faded, Amaryllis let out a shuddering breath, her thoughts flying. The men meant to kill them both, she knew. If she made her own escape now, perhaps she could summon help . . . but from where?

Her gaze flicked in the direction of the sextonage, a pinpoint of yellow light from one of its windows just visible between the drooping trees. It beckoned to her like a lighthouse to a storm-tossed sailor. Given the hour, her father would be long since abed, and likely well-settled into his usual gin-induced slumber that even the sound of the pistol shot likely had not pierced. Still, if she hurried, perhaps she could roust him from his stupor before the men returned.

But what good could he possibly do?

A surge of angry dismay swept her. Had the Resurrection men not stated, after all, that they had made a deal with her father? Even if she could wake him, he would not be inclined to confront the pair. And though paternal feeling might cause him to plead her case, he would have no reason to intervene in Victor's behalf.

Of course, the Resurrection men might decide Ezra was one witness too many and simply kill them all!

Maybe she could search out the nightwatch, she told herself, though the prospect of help from that corner seemed just as bleak. Those men were armed with nothing more than a stick, which she had already seen was no defense against a pistol. And if she did manage to locate one of the night patrollers—let alone convince him to aid her—the Resurrection men would be long gone, and Victor with them.

The hasty shuffle of reapproaching footsteps decided the question for her. All that was left for her was to let them carry her off as well. Perhaps once they were in the wagon and traveling, she might conceive of some clever plan to save both of them. At the very least, they might manage to slip from the back of the wagon while the men's attention was diverted.

Knowing what the villains had planned for her, it took more sternness of mind than she'd ever before summoned to continue to feign unconsciousness while the pair bent over her. She smelled one man's fetid breath before he wedged a booted foot beneath her stomach and rolled her over onto her back.

She let her limbs flail and her jaw hang slack, even as she strove to keep her breathing even.

"'Ere now," she heard the nasal whine of the thin man, "wot do ye say to havin' a bit o' sport wit' 'er before we're off?"

With an effort, she managed not to shudder. Dear Lord, she'd thought their plans were to sell her still-warm corpse to some unknown physician, not assault her in a churchyard! Should she try to run now or wait to see if—

"Are ye ten kinds o' fool, then?" the other man proclaimed in contempt. " 'Tain't the time nor the place, not wit' a dyin' man lyin' in a wagon but a stone's throw away from ye. Keep yer breeches up until after we pay the sawbones a visit. Then, if 'e don't want 'er, ye can do wot ye like wit' 'er."

The thin man uttered a foul rejoinder. Even as she feared he might yet ignore his partner's advice, he scooped her up and heaved her over his shoulder like she was a bag of meal. Her relief at this reprieve was short-lived, however. As they began trudging between the rows of graves, he clamped a bony hand onto her buttocks and began squeezing her as if she were a loaf in the baker's window.

Every fiber of her being recoiled at this violation. Indeed it took all her willpower to remain limp in his grasp, while she longed to land a punishing kick in his groin as repayment for that assault. Somehow, though, she managed to carry on with her act even when he dumped her in an unceremonious heap in the wagon bed.

She heard a quick snap of canvas; then the covering was pulled taut over the wagon bed, sealing her and Victor in a broad, coffin like expanse of cloth and rough wood.

She waited until the vehicle jerked forward before she dared even open her eyes. The darkness surrounding her was total, and decidedly unnerving—the more so because the wagon's rough ride left her sliding helplessly about the bed. It was only by reaching up a cautious hand that she determined she had room enough to roll onto her side. She did just that, and then groped about for Victor.

Her hand collided with his upper torso. To her immense relief, she could feel the rise and fall of his chest. Still, he did not stir at her touch, while even to her untrained senses his breathing sounded ragged and felt far too shallow.

Choking back a useless sob, she scooted closer and ran searching fingers down his body to determine where the bullet might have struck him. Along his far side, she felt the telltale stickiness of fresh blood.

With shaking fingers, she managed to unfasten his waistcoat and shirt to probe the wound with careful fingers. As best she could tell, the bleeding had slowed or even stopped. Still, how much he had already bled or how deep the wound was, she could not begin to guess. All she knew for certain was that he needed a physician and soon.

Awkwardly she managed to strip off her cloak and drape it over him as a blanket. That accomplished, she wedged her body against his to keep him from rolling about the wagon bed. From the more even motion of the wagon, she guessed they were moving along paved roads now. All she need do was spare him the worst of the jolts and jars.

But what good was protecting Victor now, she thought in despair, when the Resurrection men would kill him just as soon as they reached their destination?

Already she had abandoned her original notion of their scrambling from the wagon as it rumbled down the dark city streets. The canvas covering was tied from the outside, so that escape from the wagon bed would be nigh impossible without a knife to slice through that heavy cloth. Moreover she judged their pace far too swift for a passenger to risk leaping from the vehicle. Even if she could escape injury landing on the rough cobbles, in his current unconscious state Victor would likely be killed by such a tumble.

She wrapped her arms more tightly about him, as much to bolster her spirits as to shield him. All she could do was wait until the wagon halted and the pair loosed the cloth covering. Weaponless and outnumbered, her sole hope lay in the element of surprise. The men would expect her still to be unconscious, so that they would be taken unaware when she sprang up and attempted escape.

For that was what she must do. At the very least, the sight of a screaming woman running down the street might distract them from killing Victor. With luck her cries would bring help, or at least witnesses. Such a ploy could even unnerve the pair to the point that they would abandon the entire idea of selling her and Victor's bodies to an anatomist altogether.

On the other hand, the Resurrection men might simply shoot her as she fled, collect their coin from the good doctor for two fresh specimens, and then be on their way.

Determinedly she tore her mind from such a bleak scenario. She instead focused her thoughts on outwitting her captors. For, brutes that they were, they had struck her as being sly, rather than intelligent. Surely a modern woman like her possessed the wits to best such a pair!

Fright and total darkness skewed her sense of time, so that she was not sure if it was minutes or hours later that the wagon jerked to a halt. She heard one of the men curse, and the other laugh, though she had no notion as to the cause of either man's reaction. Then she felt the shifting of weight that was one or both of them climbing from their wagon top perches.

She scooted away from Victor again and rolled over so that she faced the rear end of the wagon, on her hands and knees but flattened almost double. The uncomfortable position sent her muscles protesting, but she ignored the pain. In another moment, the pair would throw back the canvas. Then she would leap up with a scream, scramble over the wagon's side, and flee in the opposite direction from them.

Even as her tensed muscles quivered in anticipation, she heard another sound, that of a heavy wooden door opening. A muffled male voice drifted to her, while the two Resurrection men broke into hasty explanation. This must be the physician with whom they were to deal, she realized, yet she would venture a guess that the man had appeared on the scene too soon . . . that was, while the ersatz corpses were still alive.

The realization stirred a bit of hope in her. Once the cover was thrown back, she could plead with the doctor, swear never to reveal his name, if only he would help. Surely a man who had sworn the Hippocratic Oath would not countenance killing the pair of them outright.

"'Ere now, doc, we'd best come back another time," she heard one of the pair say. "I don't think wot we 'ave would suit ye, at that."

Dear Lord, they were going to drive off . . . she and Victor with them! And the pair would not take another such risk, but would halt again in the nearest alley to finish their original job. If she did not chance seeking help now, she'd not get a second opportunity.

"Stop, don't let them take us," she shrieked, sitting up as best she could and clawing at the canvas. "They've already shot my friend, and they'll murder us both, if you don't help me! Please, for the love of God, don't let this happen—"

Abruptly the covering pulled away from the wagon bed, and Amaryllis found herself blinking into the bright light of a lantern. Half-sobbing, she rose up on her knees and reached a frantic, pleading hand toward the shadowed figure behind it.

"Please," she choked out, "these men will kill us. Surely a man of medicine such as you cannot condone outright murder."

"That quite depends upon the circumstances, my dear Amaryllis," a familiar voice replied in a cool tone.

At those words, she could only sink back onto her heels and stare in astonishment as the lantern was lowered. Now she recognized the part of the city—indeed the very building—where the Resurrection men had taken them. Moreover she could now make out the face of the man who had spoken, a face that she knew quite as well as her own.

"Take your case," Talbot went on in the same unconcerned tones, as if they met at a cotillion, rather than in the company of killers. "Sister or not, I'd cheerfully strangle you for getting yourself into such a fix, and Lord Blackstock with you."





With those words, Talbot caught her by the arm and half-dragged her from the back of the wagon bed. She stumbled but quickly regained her feet, clinging to him for support when her trembling limbs seemed unable to hold her upright.

What matter if her brother were furious with her, or if he would tell their father what had happened this night? The important thing was that he had saved her from the murderous thugs, and that he might yet heal Victor of his injuries.

Rarely demonstrative, Talbot allowed her this moment of weakness. He wrapped an arm around her waist and gave a cool nod in the direction of the Resurrection men.

"You there," he demanded, "remove Lord Blackstock from the wagon and set him here on the step."

" 'Ere, now, we can't do that," the thin man protested, his features twisting into a dark scowl. "I can name ye a dozen other sawbones wot would be payin' our rate for 'im, an' glad t'do it. We'd be losin' a night's pay, we would, leavin' this bloke behind."

"You'll do as I say, or I shall see to it that the pair of you are brought up on murder charges."

"An' wot about ye?" the bulky man challenged, thrusting out his barrel like chest as he moved closer. "Ye're as guilty as the two o' us, buyin' wot we 'ave to sell."

That physical threat combined with the man's heated words sent a shiver through her. For, if Talbot had indeed been paying the pair to bring him fresh corpses, in the eyes of the law he was quite as guilty as they, the ethics of it all notwithstanding. He could be jailed, too.

That was, if the two Resurrection men did not turn their pistol on him beforehand.

If Talbot was unnerved by this show of force, he gave no sign of it but favored the pair with a humorless smile.

"I think you will find that my word carries a bit more weight with the local magistrate than yours," he countered in a cool tone. "It so happens that the man is a patient of mine, and I am in the position to divulge certain medical matters that he would prefer not be made public. I rather think he would be quick to dismiss any such charges against me. On the other hand, he would have no compunction about bringing a pair of grave robbers to justice."

The bulky man bristled.

"Ye think ye're above it all, don't ye? An' wot do ye think ye'd do, sawbones, wit'out me an' Jerry to supply ye with bodies to hack at?"

"I think I would be doing business with another of your competitors, who doubtless would be a bit more amenable to satisfying my wishes. Now will you remove the earl from the back of your wagon, or do I need to go in search of a constable?"

After exchanging uncertain glances, the men apparently decided that Talbot meant what he said. While Amaryllis watched in concern, they reached into the wagon bed and lifted Victor out to settle him none too gently on the stoop. In a deliberate parody of gallantry, the thin man plucked Amaryllis's blood-stained cloak from where it had snagged on the wagon and returned it to her. Then, muttering a steady stream of imprecations, the pair climbed back onto their wagon and whipped up the horse.

As soon as the Resurrection men were out of earshot, she turned an admiring look on her brother. "Talbot, your sternness of mind in this situation was splendid," she cried. "I feared those two horrid men would call your bluff and do you some harm, but you never even faltered."

"Save your thanks, my dear Amaryllis," Talbot replied as he disengaged himself from her grasp. "Had their hapless victims been anyone but you and your earl, I fear I would have left them to their fate. As it was, I simply was avoiding a scandal. Just think what would happen should those fools have taken you elsewhere. Why, the esteemed Doctor McArdle might have found himself dissecting his worst enemy's sister."

Half-fearing that her brother truly meant that extraordinary sentiment, she made no reply but turned her attention to Victor.

He lay sprawled against the damp wall, like a gin-sodden vagrant. She crouched beside him and pulled aside his shirt to examine his injury. By some miracle, the rough ride had not caused the wound to resume bleeding; still, he had yet to regain consciousness, and she noted in growing dismay that his pallid skin now had a clammy feel to it.

Talbot, meanwhile, had lifted the lantern again and was slanting a considering glance in Victor's direction.

"I suppose you'll be wanting me to patch up your earl, will you not? Very well, let's bring him on in. You'll see to the door, won't you?"

Not waiting for her reply, he thrust the lantern into Amaryllis's hands and bent to hoist Victor over his shoulder. She struggled a moment with the heavy door, then pulled it open for him to enter. Once they both were inside, he paused long enough to say, "Bar it, if you would. We don't want your brutish friends changing their minds and popping back in for a visit," before starting down the hallway with his patient.

Amaryllis did as he said, dropping the broad iron bar into its catches. Then, juggling lantern and cloak, she followed after him. It took her a moment to realize that Talbot's destination was not his examining room, nor even his own personal chambers. Instead he continued down the narrow hall to the portion of the old chapel where he conducted his anatomy lessons.

Their footsteps echoed on the stone floor within as they walked toward the converted sacristy. The place reminded her of nothing so much as an empty stage rising before rows of ghostly spectators. Within it lay the familiar table where she had watched Talbot perform his work that night of the anatomy lesson. She eyed both the table and the now-silent electrical generator beside it with misgivings. Surely he did not mean to administer to Victor here!

But even as she opened her mouth to question him, he turned to the curtained confessional to one side of the pews. He pulled aside the purple velvet hanging and, Victor still balanced over his shoulder, stepped inside the narrow antechamber.

Thoroughly perplexed now, she hurried to join him. She reached his side in time to see him twist a carved rosette on the confessional's inner wooden wall, opposite the raised step where countless penitents once had knelt while confessing their sins. To her shock, that paneled section promptly swung back into the very wall itself, creating a narrow doorway that opened into yawning blackness.

"You have the lantern, my dear," Talbot remarked as if this revealing of a secret passage were nothing out of the ordinary. "I suggest that you lead the way. And do be careful .. . the steps are quite steep."

She eased around him and peered into that darkness. A cool draft ruffled her hair, which by now had all but fallen from its pins. "But where do the steps lead?"

"Downward," he told her with incontestable logic. "Now do be quick about it, if you want your earl to live."

Concern for Victor won out over any trepidation. Raising the lamp to spread its yellow glow as far as possible, she made her cautious way down the first few steps. When they seemed safe enough, she forged on, squinting against the shadows. All she could see was what lay directly before her, for the yellow glow of the lantern did little more than envelop the three of them in a halo of light.

The stairway, she quickly discovered, was open on one side, so that a misstep would send her plunging into unknown darkness. On the other side, the stone wall served as the only handrail, so that she clutched at the rough rock with her free hand to keep her balance, praying that Talbot was sturdy enough to carry his unconscious burden still farther.

The steps themselves were hewn from the same damp limestone as made up that wall, slightly hollowed at their midpoints from what she guessed might be centuries of climbing feet. As she moved farther downward, the sensation was rather like plunging into the depths of an unexplored cave, the air around her cool yet stale.

By the time they reached level ground below, she estimated they had descended the equivalent of the broad marble staircase that rose from the entry hall in Victor's town house. Talbot was right behind her, moving with the ease of one who had traversed those stairs many times before. As she paused at the bottom step, he halted as well.

"You'll find a small niche containing a lamp at this spot in the wall," he told her, breathing a bit heavily now. "Light it, and then move along the wall another dozen feet until you find the next one, and the next one, after it. By the time you've circled the perimeter of the room, you should have found a dozen lamps in all. Now make haste so I can attend Lord Blackstock."

She discovered the first lamp where he'd told her it would be. With shaking fingers, she set a fire to its wick and moved on to the next niche. Though the process seemed to take an interminable time, each succeeding lamp banished an increasingly larger area of shadow. By the time she'd lit the dozenth one, her brother had deposited his unconscious patient onto one of the several wooden tables set up in the antechamber's center.

Unable to bear watching the proceedings, she focused her attention on her surroundings. As Talbot had implied, the room was an immense circle, likely half as large in diameter as the main church above it. Indeed her first impression was that of standing at the bottom of a formidable well that had long since gone dry. The chamber's perimeter was ringed by three rows of stone benches that might once have accommodated an audience . . . or a congregation. One row was built directly into the wall. The others formed successively smaller rings with gaps at quarterly intervals, allowing passage to the chamber's center.

Her next impression, oddly enough, was one of light.

For the antechamber was lit bright as day, though even a score of lanterns would not have so thoroughly illuminated an area of that size. It took her a moment to realize that it was the pale gray stone of the walls themselves that reflected back the lantern light like a hall of mirrors doubling and redoubling a single candle flame. Thus, despite the cave like atmosphere, it was remarkably bright within, though even the cheery glow could not dispel the unsettling atmosphere about her.

Craning her neck, she gazed back up to the narrow door that topped the stairway. From her small knowledge of architecture, she guessed that the antechamber dated back to Roman times, though it appeared little affected by the passing of centuries. The fact of its condition was perhaps unusual, but its existence was not.

For Roman ruins abounded in London, she knew, with artifacts from the time of Julius Caesar's occupation unearthed by its current citizens with regularity. Indeed, St. Pancras Church and its surrounding grounds had once been a Roman encampment . . . and later, so it was rumored, a pagan shrine. Just had that church been built upon such a spot in hopes of diverting the shrine's followers to the Christian God, likely this place had been constructed atop a similar place of worship.

The contrast, then, with the modern surgical equipment arranged before her was striking.

The effect nearly duplicated Talbot's examining room. At the center of the antechamber lay two wheeled wooden examining tables, upon one of which lay the unconscious Victor. Another pair of tables flanked those, each with a sturdy wooden stool, taller than a regular chair, stowed beneath it. Both tables were cluttered with glass jars and racks of glass vials—most empty, others filled with liquids in a rainbow of colors. Various gleaming surgical instruments were spread in meticulous array, as if in preparation for an operation.

Frowning, Amaryllis took a few steps nearer. Beneath the very table where Victor lay, the gray stone floor was stained a rusty color. It was as if someone had spilled copious quantities of some dark liquid which had soaked into the porous rock, so that no amount of scrubbing could banish it.

Unsettled by the sight, she returned her gaze to the drama unfolding before her. Talbot had long since divested himself of his own jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves, then stripped his patient of waistcoat and shirt, so that Victor lay bare-chested on the table before him. Now Talbot was probing with a pair of forceps at a spot along Victor's left side. A moment later, he held up the instrument so that she could see clamped between its narrow jaws a small, misshapen ball of lead.

"There's your culprit, my dear," he said with satisfaction as he dropped it with a dull clink into a small tray on the table beside him.

But Amaryllis's attention was held, not by the bullet he'd removed from Victor's side, but by the few drops of fresh blood that had dripped from the forceps to patter on the floor at his feet. They gleamed a moment like crimson tears atop the gray stone and then vanished into the surface of that rock, leaving behind a familiar rust-colored stain.

A prickle of horror danced along her spine as a sudden, awful possibility arose in her mind. Just as quickly, she dismissed it. For all she knew, those stains had been there for years, or even centuries.

Talbot, meanwhile, seemed not to notice her dismay as he busied himself with bandaging his patient. Finishing, he glanced her way and beckoned her.

"Do come take a look at your earl, my dear. I believe he shall live after all. His wound was rather serious, to be sure, but probably not fatal for a man of his constitution."

"Th-Thank you, Talbot," she replied and managed a smile despite the way her innards were quivering. "I am grateful."

She started toward them, moving across that cursed floor with the same wariness she would use to traverse an adder-infested field. Reaching Victor, however, her trepidation was replaced by a more immediate fear as she reached out a cautious hand to his cheek.

His flesh, though still pallid, now held a healthier warmth than before. He stirred at her touch, only to lapse back into his earlier unmoving state.

"He seems to be sleeping so deeply. Are you quite certain that he will be all right?" she asked, glancing at her brother.

Talbot had rinsed the blood from his hands and was drying them on a strip of clean linen. Putting basin and cloth aside, he shrugged and began rolling down his sleeves again.

"He will rouse soon enough. As to his condition, I would suggest keeping him in my care for a few days, just in case any infection sets in. But if he continues to hold his own for the next few hours, I see no reason that he cannot make a complete recovery. And now let me attend to you."

"Really, I am quite fine—"

"Nonsense. You have what appears to be the start of a nasty bruise on your temple," he curtly diagnosed and reached up to brush aside a few tangled curls. "Did those brutes assault you?"

"The big one did hit me," she admitted, wincing as his surgeon's fingers moved across her tender flesh. "I was unconscious for a few moments but, other than a slight headache now, I feel fine."

"Indeed. And would you care to tell me how you and Lord Blackstock just happened to stumble across a pair of Resurrection men . . . and why they felt compelled to sell the two of you off as anatomy subjects?"

"We—We were in St. Pancras's churchyard, digging up the grave of Sir Harry Shaw."

Haltingly she told her brother what had occurred over the past two days, how Victor had been questioned in the Barkshire Demon murders because he'd been seen in the company of the latest victim just before she was murdered. She told him, too, that Victor had recognized the sketch of her attacker as being that of his dead friend. She then went on to recount how Victor had deceived the police inspectors into believing he had left the city, and how she and he had proceeded to the cemetery just around midnight to determine whether or not Sir Harry was dead.

"But the coffin was empty, Talbot," she cried, shivering at the memory. "Victor wanted to ask Father about it, but then the Resurrection men came and accused us of trying to interfere. That was when they shot Victor. They would have killed him then, except that the one man reminded the other that the physician who had hired them wanted the newly dead. The fresher, the better, is what they said. Talbot, that physician is you."

She halted and stared up at him, wide-eyed. "Father may have been guilty of turning a blind eye to what they were doing, but you were the one who hired them, were you not? Surely you must have guessed that these sort of men would not stop at robbing graves!"

"I believe we had a similar conversation not long ago," he countered, turning from her to pick up another cloth and a stoppered bottle of clear liquid. "How or where these two obtain my subjects is none of my concern. All I do is pay them for their night's work."

"But in doing so, you are an accomplice to murder!"

"I prefer to think of it as a necessary sort of human sacrifice conducted for the betterment of mankind."

So saying, he unstoppered the bottle and poured a few drops onto the cloth, then replaced the cork and set the container aside again. A sharp, sweet odor assailed her, but she ignored it in favor of his words.

"Necessary human sacrifice?" she echoed in horror. "Surely you cannot mean what you are saying?"

"The knowledge I have gained from my experiments benefits countless others who might otherwise die. Compared to that, the loss of a few prostitutes is of no great concern."

The truth struck her at the same instant that he caught her arm and pulled her to him. Before she could free herself, he clamped the cloth over her mouth and nose.

"Ether," he explained as she choked against the sweet smell. "Don't bother struggling, my dear. It takes effect almost at once. Indeed I predict that it shall one day come into common use as a surgical anesthetic, as well as—"

What other prediction he might have had for the substance, she did not hear, for a cloud of mind-numbing blackness had enveloped her.





You must promise, dear friend, that you will never speak to anyone of this fantastic tale which I have told you. Burn all my letters, once you have read this last. For all of us have sworn that we will Never Reveal what happened that night, lest people deem us all insane, or, worse, that they try to duplicate those foul experiments.

—letter from Miss Amaryllis Meeks to Miss Mary Godwin





When Amaryllis awoke from her drugged sleep, it was to find herself strapped, wrist and ankle, to the second of the two examining tables. Head spinning, she glanced over to see that Victor still lay unconscious upon the other. He, too, had been bound by means of four leather straps, so that even should he regain consciousness, he would be powerless to assist her.

"Ah, you are awake," she heard Talbot's cool voice to one side of her. "I must apologize for stooping to such tactics, but I could not risk your trying to leave until we had settled matters between us."

"Let me go," she managed in a fuzzy voice, tugging at the leather bonds as she twisted about to catch a glimpse of him. "We can talk about this without your holding me captive."

"Perhaps. Or perhaps not."

His tone thoughtful, Talbot moved so that he was in the range of her vision. His pale features were composed, but his gray eyes glinted with a gray light that reminded her of the stones around them. Despite herself, she shivered. Her brother was a dedicated humanitarian whom she had always admired. As for the man standing before her now, he was someone she did not recognize despite his familiar face.

"I presume you would like some sort of explanation, would you not?" he went on in the same conversational voice. "Very well, I shall tell you. You see, I discovered this antechamber quite by accident in the process of converting the chapel proper into a lecture hall. At first, I thought of it only as a curiosity, until I delved into some old texts I found boxed away in a room just off the sacristy."

He paused and gave her a small smile. "The books, of course, were written in Latin, in which language I happen to be quite conversant, given that I am a physician. It was only when I perused their pages that I learned just what sort of power actually lay beneath the ground here."

"This chamber—it is Roman, is it not?" she interjected, trying to keep up the pretense of normalcy.

He nodded. "It seems that certain pagan rituals once were held here, rites pertaining to life and to death. Are you familiar, perhaps, with the Welsh legend of Bran the Blessed?"

When she shook her head in confusion, he went on. "Bran was king of Britain before the time of Arthur, and quite a revered figure, from all accounts. Among the sacred objects in his possession was the so-called cauldron of rebirth. As the story goes, one merely needed to place a dead man within it to bring him back to life. An unfortunate side-effect, however, was that these Celtic Lazaruses lacked the power of speech. Still and all, being mute would seem a small price to pay for the chance to be born again."

"But what does such a legend have to do with murder?" she cried, tugging again at her straps.

Talbot quelled her struggles with a cool look.

"The legend goes on to say that the cauldron ended up in the hands of the Irish king who had married Bran's sister. Not long after, it was destroyed by Bran's brother who, during a visit, had instigated a bloody political clash between both sets of relatives."

"The brother, it would seem, felt guilty over his role in the affair. In the heat of the battle, he committed suicide by climbing inside the cauldron, whose miraculous powers apparently had a detrimental effect upon the living. He died a rather unpleasant death and shattered the cauldron in the process. But even if that original cauldron of rebirth no longer exists, another one does . . . and here, within this very chamber."

Abruptly he seized her bound hand, his fingers cold against hers.

"Can you not guess what such a find means? Combining the ancient rites with modern medical knowledge can make it possible to bring back the dead, to revive the dying. To save Cordelia."

At the mention of his ill wife, his voice broke. A heartbeat later, he recovered himself and loosed his grip on her.

"My dear Amaryllis, you must have sensed the power that exists within these walls. I tell you that I have proved that it can be harnessed. And you, yourself, have been a witness."

"S-Surely you don't mean S-Sir Harry Shaw?"

He nodded, a small smile of triumph twisting his pale features.

"I do. He seemed an appropriate subject for such an experiment, given the tidy way that he met his end. Between the cold and the vast amount of alcohol in his veins, he had not quite thawed out by the time I laid hands on him. It was but a simple expedient to distract Father with a pint of gin and remove Shaw's body from his coffin, leaving behind a nice sack of rock in his place. Afterward I brought him back here and commenced the process of bringing him back to life."

Amaryllis shut her eyes, overwhelmed by disbelief and horror. Such a thing could not be possible . . . and yet she had seen Sir Harry, had almost met her own end at his dead hands!

"This magic cauldron," she weakly said, "where is it now?"

"I shall show you."

He maneuvered the table about so that she faced the far wall. There a portion of the outermost stone bench rose higher than the rest of it, reminding her of a stone-capped altar.

"That, my dear, is the cauldron," he said with the enthusiasm of a Tower guide showing off the Crown Jewels. "In actuality, it is a spring-fed well, with its source somewhere beneath the city. The water that flows from it appears much the same as what you and I would drink—though I fear it would be fatal to do so."

He paused and held up his hand, indicating a faded red patch on his forefinger. "I gave myself a nasty little bum by merely dipping my bare hand into it. However, I managed to take a proper sample and analyze it. I discovered that the water contains minute traces of certain metallic compounds unlike any with which I am familiar . . . and which react quite differently with living tissue as compared to dead."

"Really, Talbot, this is most absurd," she protested, growing more uneasy with every moment. "Are you saying that you baptized Sir Harry in that spring, and that he miraculously returned to life?"

"I fear it was not quite that easy. Perhaps the centuries have diluted the spring's powers, or maybe its keepers combined the spring with some other ritual. At any rate, I had managed at that point to revive nothing larger than a stray cat that had been hit by a passing carriage. Then, with Sir Harry, I hit upon the idea of combining the spring with my experiments in electrical stimulation.

"And I succeeded."

The cold triumph in those last words echoed against the gray stones, reverberating in her mind for several moments. Talbot, meanwhile, had left her side and halted before the cauldron. With a grunt of effort, he slid its altar like top into a narrow recess carved behind it, revealing a deep trough filled with crystalline waters. The foul, sweet odor of decay promptly filled the chamber.

Talbot returned for a trunk-sized object that she recognized as similar to the generator he had used during the anatomy lesson. He positioned the equipment a few feet from the cauldron and busied himself with its coils.

Amaryllis, meanwhile, had risen up on her elbows to manage a look within that sepulchurian basin. She glimpsed a naked human figure floating just below the water's glittering surface.

Sir Harry!

A muffled cry of denial burst from her. Talbot seemed not to notice, however, positioning as he was the half-dozen metal rods connected to his generator by long lengths of wire. One at a time, he plunged those rods into the cauldron before taking up position beside the generator again.

"The accompanying light is rather blinding," he told her. "You might wish to look away for a moment."

But as he began turning the generator's crank, she found herself riveted by the sight of blue sparks and steam exploding from the water's surface. A deafening crackle filled the chamber, while the stench of hot metal and burning flesh assailed her nostrils. Horrified, she watched Sir Harry's body thrash as if in some grotesque struggle against an unseen attacker.

That last was too much for her. She squeezed her eyes shut.

And then silence fell.

Dreading what she might see but unable not to look, she opened her eyes again. Sir Harry—or rather, the body that had been his in life—sat up in the water-filled trough. He stared back at her with black eyes alight with the same empty fury she remembered from that night in the alley.

This time she managed to choke back the cry that rose in her throat, even as a shiver of revulsion shook her. For his part, Talbot beamed upon his creation with the proud look of a new parent.

"Ah, yes, there we are," he murmured in approval. "Now then, Harry, I want you to step out of the cauldron and sit in your usual spot."

The creature lurched to its feet, yellow light gleaming against his wet, naked form. He was fleshier than Victor, if much of a height, and Amaryllis recalled the comparison she had once made between them of a bull and a stallion. Sir Harry, as she well knew, had the former beast's strength, if not the latter's grace. Moving like an automaton, he stumbled his way over to the bench and collapsed like a sack of bricks upon it.

"I fear that my success with Harry was not all I might have wished," Talbot said with a shake of his head as he returned to her side. "It took me several attempts to revive him, and by the time I finally did so, I fear that the decaying process had already begun. As you can see, he understands but the simplest of commands and is unable to speak. To truly test my theories, I will have to try again, but this time with a healthy corpse."

Even as she marveled at the irony of those last words, she saw his gaze drift toward Victor. Before she could acknowledge a flicker of uneasiness at that look, he went on. "But the real problem with Harry is that he is not actually alive . . . and thus his body cannot repair itself like a living organism can. Indeed, given the damage to his entire structure, he can remain in an animate state for only a few hours at a time. Had he been completely intact at the moment of revival, I would venture to say that he could have continued on indefinitely, never aging beyond his years. As it is, he will not last much longer."

"Do you mean that he can die again?" she whispered, a flicker of hope rising within her. If so, perhaps Talbot would see the futility of playing God and cease his experiments.

If he sensed her question was anything more than academic, however, he gave no sign.

"He is dead, my dear," he explained. "As for his state, the best comparison I can make is that he is like a clock that must be rewound at intervals lest it cease running altogether. But since he is made of flesh and not metal, his resiliency is rather less than even that of a poorly crafted pocketwatch. He has, however, quite served his purpose."

The dead women, she thought with a shiver. Talbot had used Sir Harry as a general uses a soldier, sending him out with instructions to kill.

"But why did you have him murder all those poor women?" she demanded, unable to reconcile those brutal killings with the late Sir Harry's blasphemous resurrection. Then, as a more telling question remained, she softly asked, "A-And why . . . me?"

"You were in the wrong place at the wrong time. I never meant for you to be hurt," he replied, and she could hear genuine regret in his tone. "Had you remained here that night, as I had instructed, you would have been safe.

"As it was, the moment I realized you were gone, I set out to find you. Unfortunately Lord Blackstock stumbled across you first, though I will concede that his interference did likely save your life. As for the other women, they were chosen at random from the streets . . . except for the last one."

The stark glitter returned to his gray eyes.

"I fear that your earl had become a bit of a nuisance. The only way I could think to make certain you never saw him again—and to absolve myself of any possible suspicion as well—was to have him convicted of the murders. And so I followed him to the Golden Wolf that night. It was a simple matter to cosh him over the head and rob him of his pocketwatch."

He paused and gave her a bleak smile.

"For once I did not bother with Harry but took care of matters myself. I lured the woman I'd seen with Blackstock out into the street and wrapped my hands about her throat. I must admit, it was an interesting experiment, taking a life rather than saving one. Afterward I did with her as I did with the others that Harry brought me . . . save that when I was finished, I left your earl's watch with her in that alley."

She shuddered at his words, even as a memory assailed her. That explained, then, why the Barkshire Demon had struck on a clear night. Talbot would not have needed the cover of fog to wander the streets.

"But you still have not said why you murdered them, nor why you cut out their hearts!"

"My foolish sister, that is the entire purpose of my experiments. I had to know just how long I could keep a living heart beating outside its body, and if I could make it beat again inside a new body. The cauldron would be the instrument of rebirth, but mere revival would not be enough."

Restlessly he began pacing the stone floor, only to halt and face her once more.

"Don't you understand? Cordelia's heart is defective, and no nostrum or powder can repair it. And it will continue defective even should I manage to revive her after death. The only solution is to first substitute a healthy organ for her damaged one."

A healthy organ.

The murders had not been random killings for their own sake but—as he earlier had termed them—necessary human sacrifices in pursuit of a cure for Cordelia. Doubtless he had conducted his experiments on the same table as where she now lay, and the rust-colored stains on the floor beneath her were those women's blood.

The very notion made her own blood run like icewater in her veins, but she managed to keep her tone even. "This . . . substitution, when will you make it?"

"It must be soon. Already she is at the point of death, so that I have arranged for her to be brought here. She should arrive this very night, and then I will make my final plans."

He managed a faint smile.

"Never fear, I do not mean to use you as my dear Cordelia's donor. I dare say she would never forgive me should you suffer in my pursuit of her cure. Still, I cannot risk the possibility that everything for which I have worked might fall victim to your tender conscience. That is why I must leave you and Blackstock alone here for a time, with Harry to watch over you."

"Dear Lord, no! You cannot leave me with that—that thing! "

She rose up on her elbows and shot her brother a beseeching look that held more than a modicum of fear. Talbot, however, merely gave his head a gentle shake.

"Harry will not—cannot—act on his own. All I will do is order him not to let you or your earl try to escape the chamber. If you behave, you will be quite safe in his company, and I shall return in an hour's time."

Ignoring her flood of protests, he spoke a few words in the creature's ear. Then, with a final nod, he started up the stone steps to the wooden door high above. A moment later, the door shut behind him. The distinctive click that she realized must be some sort of outer locking mechanism followed.

The resulting silence was almost overwhelming. It was as if she had fallen into some supernatural space that was neither dusk nor dawn, day nor night, so that time seemed to stand still. All she could hear now was the soft, ragged rhythm of Victor's breathing that seemed to match hers. As for Sir Harry, she could not hear whether or not his dead lungs functioned.

Morbidly curious, she shifted her position for a glimpse of him to determine that answer. The dozen lamps had begun to flicker, as if no one had refilled them in some time, and in that diminishing glow he appeared made of scabrous stone. As for the slight rise and fall of his chest that she thought she detected, that might well be but a trick of the light. But the blind rage in his dead black eyes was no illusion, so that she averted her own gaze lest a single look somehow rouse him to action.

Sternness of mind, she faintly thought, though that maxim seemed but a feeble weapon in light of her current plight. Instead she focused her attention on Victor. The way they now were situated, he lay facing the opposite direction from her, so that she could study his still features.

An almost painful shaft of tenderness tore through her as she recalled the way he had tried to defend her from the armed Resurrection man. Though his feeling for her might not have the depths of her, she had to believe that he cared for her just a little. True she had no illusions that he would actually marry her. For now the simple fact that he had put her life before his was enough.

Then concern supplanted her momentary lapse into sentimentality. Though his color was better, he appeared far paler than was healthy. She noted, too, the occasional shudder that wracked him since Talbot had not bothered to cover him with any sort of blanket. As for his earlier stillness, it seemed to have given way to a more natural sleep; still, she'd feel more relieved in mind when he finally awoke.

Whether by design or not, their tables were positioned close enough together that, were her arm free, she could reach over and touch him. Indeed her fingers fairly itched with the need to run her hand along his chest, to brush aside the thick lock of black hair that had fallen across his brow. Yet she dared not even whisper his name for fear that the words might somehow trigger the foul creature imprisoned with them to rise and murder them both.

Her imagination promptly took flight as she contemplated the rituals that might have been performed there long before Talbot had first started his own string of blood sacrifices.

Corruption seemed to ooze from the stone walls themselves, so that she sensed with certainty that—Bran the Blessed or not—no benevolent god was ever worshipped here.

Neither, she guessed, was the spring an instrument of healing, but rather a tool for perpetuating evil. She could well believe that it was this long-forgotten place that turned her brother from a staunch preserver of life to conscienceless purveyor of death.

But even as such thoughts flitted through her mind, the late hour and the silence of the antechamber began to work upon her. It might have been minutes or hours later, when she roused from a state of half-dozing to hear someone softly calling her name.

For an instant, she feared she might be dreaming. Then she realized that the familiar voice was indeed the one which she longed to hear.

"Victor," she cried, choking back a sob of relief as she glanced toward him. Though he looked haggard in the dwindling lamplight, she could see that he was alive—and fighting mad.

"What in the bloody hell is going on here?" he asked in an undertone, rising a few inches to struggle with his own bonds. "And where in the hell is here, anyway?"

"We're in an antechamber below the converted chapel where my brother lives," she told him. "The Resurrection men shot you and then brought us here. Talbot patched you up again."

"Christ, I remember."

He sank back upon the table, looking shaken. "I was fighting with the one grave robber, when his partner shot me. My last thought before I passed out was that I'd never forgive myself for dragging you along with me."

"But I wanted to come along," she reminded him. "Besides which, we're both still alive."

"But for how long?" he muttered. "Where is your brother, anyway? And what are we doing strapped to tables?"

She managed a tremulous smile though, in truth, she felt more like crying at that moment. "I'm afraid what I'm about to tell you is slightly unbelievable, but every word of it is true."

In a swift undertone, she recounted what had happened once the Resurrection men had carried them off in their cart, explaining how Talbot had forced the men to give up her and Victor, despite the villains' plans to kill them both. She went on to tell him about Talbot's so-called cauldron of rebirth and his experiments—including the fact he had deliberately killed Victor's former mistress to make it appear that Victor was the Barkshire Demon.

Victor interrupted her only once, and that to cast a quick, disbelieving look in Sir Harry's direction. The sight apparently left him quite as shaken as it had she.

Having explained how Talbot had left them alone with the creature, she paused.

"But this last, Victor, I'm not quite certain how best to tell you."

For, indeed, how did a person put her deepest fears into words?I'm afraid I shall die without having one last chance to kiss you good-bye? I fear that you shall be murdered before I can ever tell you that I love you?

Helplessly she shook her head . . . and then opted for the bluntest truth of all.

"Talbot swore he would not harm me, but I am not so certain about you. You see, his experiment with Sir Harry was not as successful as he would have liked. I—I believe he wishes to try again, but this time with you."





"Not bloody likely."

Victor shook his head to clear the remaining fuzziness. It had been bad enough when people had been coshing him over the head, but being shot by some rabble was the final indignity. He could only be thankful that the rogue obviously was as poor a shot as he was a businessman.

He ran an experimental hand along his left side and sucked in a pained breath. His flesh burned as if someone had dragged a red-hot poker along it. At the same time, a dulling weakness seemed to have seeped into his very bones, leaving him no stronger than a babe. Still, he'd be damned if he would lie back and die, leaving Amaryllis to her brother's questionable mercies.

And he damn well wasn't going to let Meeks resurrect him as some sort of undead fiend to do his bidding!

With a muffled oath, he lunged sideways, straining against the leather straps. As he'd hoped, the motion scooted his wheeled table a fraction closer to hers, even as the effort left him shaking. A second attempt gained him another inch.

Realizing what he was about, Amaryllis swiftly followed his lead, by increments moving her own table closer. Then he changed tactics, hiking himself forward. A few moments later, both tables lay edge to edge, so that he could grip her hand.

Her fingers promptly linked through his, warm and comforting against his own icy flesh. Victor managed a triumphant grin and tried to ignore the fact that even that small effort of maneuvering about had caused sweat to bead his forehead.

"All right then," he murmured. "Stay where you are, and I'll try to unbuckle your wrist."

"Wait," she cried, ignoring his feeble attempt at humor as she shot him an anxious look from beneath a tangle of red curls. "What about Sir Harry? What if he realizes what we're about?"

Victor flicked a distasteful glance in the direction of his former friend. "Harry never was the brightest of fellows, even when alive. You said that your brother claims he can only understand the simplest of commands, that he cannot act on his own, did you not?"

At her nod, he shrugged. "Then we'll simply take the chance that he'll interpret his instructions literally, and that he won't bother us unless we try to make it up that staircase."

So saying, he began fumbling with the heavy buckle that held her wrist strap in place. Though it should have been a simple enough task, bound as he was it proved difficult in the extreme. Still, a moment later, he had freed her hand.

When she gave a soft cry of relief and would have sat up, he caught her wrist. "Don't make any sudden moves," he cautioned. "Just slide your hand over and unfasten your other buckle."

She nodded her compliance, and a moment later turned back to him. "Both my hands are free," she murmured. "Now, what should I do?"

He glanced in Harry's direction again. So far as he could tell, the man—creature?—had not moved these past minutes.

"We'll have to risk it," he determined. "Sit up—very casually, mind you—and unfasten your ankles. Then, if Harry doesn't seem to notice anything amiss, you can free me. Agreed?"

She nodded again and slowly rose, slanting a look in Harry's direction as she did so. When her action did not provoke him, she made quick work of both straps, and then lay down again.

"Shall I try freeing you now?" she asked in a soft, anxious tone.

"I think it's safe enough," he wryly replied. "I rather suspect we could dance a jig and not disturb him, so long as we stayed clear of the door."

This time she managed the slightest of smiles at his attempt to cheer her. Rolling onto her side, she unfastened his nearest wrist. Abruptly he reached out to cup the back of her head in his hand, tangling his fingers in her wayward red curls as he pulled her to him and kissed her.

She gave a soft moan and kissed him back, so that a shudder of pure need wracked him despite his injured state. The taste of her lips was like a potent draught, renewing his strength and his hopes. And at that moment, he realized that he could not bear to lose her, and that he would do everything in his power—even sacrificing himself—to keep her safe.

Reluctantly he broke their embrace, fearing if he didn't he would give way to his need and drag her atop him, then do his best to make love to her. Instead he gave her a weary grin.

"We might have quite an interesting time of it, with my being tied down and all," he told her, enjoying the blush that rose on her pale cheeks. "But under the circumstances, I think we'd best make haste."

So saying, he unfastened his other wrist; then, wincing at the pain, he sat up and unstrapped his ankles. The effort left his head spinning, so that he shut his eyes to regain his equilibrium. More difficult was ignoring the truth of his current physical condition.

He knew full well the kind of violence Harry had been capable of committing in life, and he rather suspected the man's savage tendencies would not have abated with his death. In his own current state, he'd be no match for his former friend should it come to a struggle.

And something told him that it would.

"Victor, are you all right?" he heard Amaryllis ask, concern evident in her tone. He opened his eyes again and glanced her way, then nodded.

"Just a moment of dizziness," he admitted. "Now I think we'd best determine how we're going to get out of here. Where does that door lead to anyhow?"

"It's a secret panel inside one of the confessionals in the chapel above us. When Talbot left through it, I heard something latch after him, so he may be able to lock the door from the outside as well as in."

"So even if we make it to the top ahead of Harry, we might not be able to get out."

Frowning, he glanced around the circular antechamber. Though no expert at Roman architecture, from his boyhood schooling he had a layman's casual knowledge of the subject. Chances were this place had once been used for some sort of pagan worship . . . likely forbidden, given the catacomb-like secrecy of its construction. If so, he could not believe its builders would have equipped such a chamber with but a single entry that could be blocked off, leaving those within trapped.

"Did you have a chance to explore the place when your brother first brought you down here? Have you seen anything that might look like another way out? A tunnel, perhaps?" he softly demanded of her.

She shook her head.

"I had no idea this chamber even existed until tonight," she replied in the same low, urgent tones. "I was the one who lit the lamps, so I walked the room's entire circumference, but everything seemed of a piece to me. The stairs and the rows of benches all seemed cut from the same rock as the walls themselves."

"What about the cauldron? Did your brother give you any clue as to the source of that spring?"

She shook her head again, and then stared at him, green eyes wide with alarm.

"You can't mean for us to swim down it and look for a way out? Even if it were possible, Talbot says there's something in the water—acid or some such—that makes it deadly to anything living."

"I suppose not. Unfortunately, I'm rather short of any other brilliant ideas at the moment—"

He broke off at the distinctive sound of the door above them unlatching. "Lie down," he hissed, matching his own deed to words. "I'll think of something."

Though what sort of plan he might come up with was open to debate, he grimly told himself even as his weary flesh welcomed this momentary respite. Now he could glimpse Meeks's shadowed figure at the head of the stairs. The only advantage he would have over the man would be surprise. Or would it?

His gaze strayed to the table on the other side of his, and he allowed himself a humorless smile. Among the various vials and bottles arranged on its surface, he'd spotted several surgical knives gleaming in the lamplight. Though not a weapon of choice—he'd much prefer a sword or a pistol— one of the larger scalpels might do in a pinch.

The sound of a man's harsh sob abruptly drew his attention upward again. Now he could see Meeks descending the stone steps. But what was he doing carrying a woman in his arms . . . unless perhaps she was another victim of the Barkshire Demon?

"Dear God, it's Cordelia," he heard Amaryllis's horrified whisper beside him. "But something must be wrong."

Cordelia.

That was the name of Meeks's ill wife, the young woman in whose name all those other women had been slain. Warily he watched as the physician continued down the stairs with his frail burden. At this distance, he could see little of her face, but her emaciated limbs that dangled from the folds of her frilly white dressing gown were as pale as that cloth.

The sole hint of color about her was a thick plait of blond hair. Its very weight seemed too much for her swanlike neck to support as her head lolled against Meeks's shoulder. At the sight, Victor frowned. Something about her very limpness struck him as wrong, so had he to guess, he would not have said the woman was gravely ill.

He would have said she was dead.

Another harsh sob tore from the other man's throat, all but confirming Victor's guess. Beside him, he heard a stifled moan of distress from Amaryllis, though she did not stir from the table. He reached out a cautious hand to squeeze hers. Doubtless the two women had been friends, so that she would not be unaffected by Cordelia's passing.

By now Meeks had reached the antechamber floor. Victor watched as, seeming to forget his and Amaryllis's presence, the man made his way to the inner stone bench and laid the dead woman's body atop it. Then, with another ragged sob, he sank to his knees on the stone floor beside her.

The sight of her brother's anguish was more than Amaryllis could bear. "I must go to him," she helplessly murmured as she turned to meet Victor's sympathetic gaze. Not waiting for his response, she slid from the table and hurried toward him.

Talbot did not turn at the swift brush of her slippers as she crossed the stone floor. Even when she knelt beside him, he appeared oblivious to her presence. Then, his gaze still fixed upon his wife, he spoke.

"She's . . . gone."

The two simple words held a note of angry bewilderment that tore at her heart. Choking back a sob of her own, she let her gaze rest upon her sister-in-law.

In death, Cordelia's face had assumed a doll-like waxiness that smoothed the ravages of her long illness from her delicate features. She had the look of peace about her that Amaryllis had seen upon many dead faces, and despite her own pain she gave a silent prayer of thanks that Cordelia was now free of hers.

But even as she reached out to place a comforting hand on Talbot's shoulder, he abruptly seized her.

"It's not too late, even now," he harshly told her, scrambling to his feet and dragging her up after him. "She died but a few minutes ago, just after I tucked her into her bed. Her flesh is still warm, the blood not yet settled in her veins. All I need is a new heart for her, and I can revive her yet!"

"Talbot, what are you saying?" she choked out in horror, trying to twist free of his grasp. "Cordelia is at peace now. You must let her go!"

"I cannot!"

His gray eyes glinting with fevered urgency, he smiled down at her. "Just think, my dear sister, I can have you both. It will be Cordelia's body, but alive with your heart. I promise you, you won't feel any pain when I cut into you. None of the others did. You'll die quickly, peacefully, and Cordelia shall live. Now, do not deny me this!"

"Talbot, no—"

Her frantic cry of horror was cut off as her brother's fingers closed about her throat. This time, however, she fought back, clawing at his hands in a frenzied attempt to save herself.

Her strength was no match for his, however. It was as if a burning band of steel somehow had wrapped about her neck and was tightening with her every frantic breath. An explosion of red light burst before her eyes as she flailed at his arms one last time. Red turned to black, and she felt herself sinking.

Abruptly the cruel band about her throat loosened. She dropped to her knees, unable to do more than gasp for breath. Then the sounds of a struggle drifted to her, and she dragged her gaze upward.

Before her, Victor and Talbot struggled in a deadly embrace, both men's hands locked around the other's throat. They appeared matched for the space of a heartbeat. Then Victor broke her brother's grip and sent him flying against one of the tables.

The impact sent once-sterile surgical instruments clattering against the stone floor in a symphony of disarray. Vials and bottles crashed to the ground, so that the foul stench of sulfur and the deadly hiss of acid filled the air around them. The heavy table itself remained standing, however, and Talbot pulled himself upright against its edge.

Victor was on him again before Talbot gained his balance. While Amaryllis watched in horror, the pair exchanged vicious blows. Though Victor had the advantage in size, she knew that his wound had weakened him more than he had let on. As for Talbot, madness and grief had given him more than his usual strength. He returned Victor's punches, blow for blow, despite the blood that now spilled from his torn mouth.

"Stop it!" she choked out, unable to bear the sight of the two men she loved best trying to kill each other. But even if they had heard her ragged protest, neither man yielded . . . that was, until another well-placed blow sent Talbot sprawling a second time.

Victor, gasping and clutching his wounded side, halted before him.

"It's over," he decreed. "I'm taking your sister out of here, and we're bringing back the magistrate to sort things through. So I suggest that you make yourself comfortable in the meantime."

"You're not going anywhere . . . not while I'm still alive."

With that ragged pronouncement, Talbot dragged himself to his knees and gave Victor a twisted parody of a smile.

"I still hold the advantage here, or had you forgotten?"

Then, sinking back onto his heels, he harshly cried, "Kill him, Harry. Kill Blackstock!"

A guttural sound from the far side of the antechamber drew all their attention. Sir Harry Shaw lumbered up from where he'd hunkered like an automaton since right after Talbot had revived him. His beefy, naked form gleamed in the yellow lamplight, while his black eyes glowed with a hellish sort of enjoyment. The sharp sweet stench of decay that clung to him grew more pronounced with his every move as, with lurching steps, he started toward Victor.

The sound of his bare feet dragging against the stone reminded Amaryllis of that night in the fog, when she had listened in horror as some unseen man stalked her. Now, however, her terror was for Victor. Already he was weakened by the bullet wound and his struggle with Talbot. How could he hope to defeat an undead creature with the strength of two men?

Clutching the burning wound in his side and struggling to remain upright, Victor could only watch in disbelief as the scabrous corpse of his former friend staggered toward him. True, he'd seen the man sitting on the bench like some macabre figure from the waxworks and conceded that something unnatural was afoot. It was only now, however, that he actually believed Harry Shaw had come back from the dead.

Snatching up a fallen scalpel from the cold stone floor, he dodged to one side just before the creature swung a hammer like fist toward him. Had it connected, the impact doubtless would have knocked him senseless. As it was, his head was already spinning as he rose up again and slashed the scalpel across Harry's bare chest.

It was like slicing through a thick pudding. The torn flesh gaped, but no blood poured from it. Neither did the wound seem to cause Harry any pain, for he did not halt but merely lunged again at him.

This time Victor's reflexes were slower. The beefy fist glanced off his temple, so that he dropped the scalpel and stumbled backward into one of the tables.

Fire tore through his wounded side, and he clenched his teeth against the reflexive cry of pain that threatened to escape him. His vision cleared in time for him to see Harry coming after him again. The creature's movements were slower this time, as if every step took more of an effort than before. Still, with the table at his back, Victor had no means of escape.

Instinctively he dropped to the stone floor. Heedless of broken glass and spilled chemicals, he proceeded to roll beneath the table and out the other side. When he managed to stagger to his feet again, the table formed a solid barrier between him and his attacker.

"The acid!" he heard Amaryllis's choked cry. "Throw it at him!"

He glanced down at the table to see that a few full vials of liquid remained intact upon it. Not stopping to guess which might be the potion in question, he grabbed up an entire rack of various colored liquids and flung the lot in Harry's face.

The dozen different chemicals splashed together and promptly erupted in a foul-smelling chain reaction of tiny explosions that had Victor diving to one side and shielding his own face against the burning spatter. Choking against the fumes, he raised up to see that Harry's face and much of his upper chest now hung in blackened tatters.

The sight sent a rush of primitive triumph through him . . . until he realized that Harry was still moving.

Bloody hell, the grim thought flitted through his mind,what does it take to kill a dead man?

He snatched up one of the wooden stools that had tumbled to the ground and, half-staggering around the table, swung the sturdy chair like a club. It connected with Harry's naked back with a dull thud that reverberated through the chamber. For a moment, he merely stood there; then, like a felled oak, he came crashing to the stone floor.

Victor waited for the space of several heartbeats before he slowly lowered the stool and, clutching his side, took a step forward. Harry had not moved, nor did he even when Victor cautiously nudged him with a booted foot. The eyes in that ravaged face stared sightlessly back at him, the unearthly fury that had burned there snuffed like a candle abruptly blown out.

For a second time in but a few months, Sir Harry Shaw was dead . . . though whether or not the man's soul was finally at peace, Victor dared not venture a guess.

He raised his weary gaze from Harry's ravaged corpse to find Amaryllis's frantic gaze upon him. Though he could feel his face swelling from a dozen new bruises, he managed a slow smile and started toward her.

It was as if she had become one with the stone floor. Unable to believe it finally was over, Amaryllis merely stood unmoving as Victor looked up from Sir Harry's ravaged corpse to meet her gaze. Then he smiled, a ragged, sexy smile filled with triumph and promise that wrenched at her heart even as he started toward her.

With a soft cry, she broke free of the spell that held her and rushed to meet him. His arms wrapped around her in a fiercely protective gesture. Heedless of the dirt, blood, and sweat that streaked his bare chest like some primitive war paint, she clung to him. But the sob that lodged in her throat was one of pure happiness as she raised her lips to his.

Theirs was but a brief kiss, however. He brushed his mouth to hers and then gently released her. Then, arm still wrapped about her waist, he turned to face Talbot.

Her brother had long since risen from where he had fallen. Now he sat on the stone bench beside the dead Cordelia, her limp hand clutched in his as he dully stared into the distance.

A wave of tender pity swept her as she watched her brother. No matter what he had done—no matter that she had almost died at his hands—she could not find it in her heart to hate him. For he had sacrificed his ethics, his physician's sacred oath, his very humanity. All that in the vain hope of saving his dying wife.

And in the end, he had lost everything.

It was Victor who broke the silence.

"Very well, Meeks," she heard his weary voice, "let's try this once again. I'm taking Amaryllis out of here, and, this time you're not going to stop me."

"I won't stop you," Talbot agreed in the rusty tones of a defeated man. "All I ask is that you first vow your intentions toward my sister are noble . . . and that you will do everything in your power to keep her happy."

"I do vow it, and I will make her happy."

The simple words were directed, not at Talbot, but at her. She raised her gaze to meet his, joyful pride filling her like a rose bursting into bloom as she linked her fingers with the hand he'd placed on her waist.

If Talbot was equally touched by that declaration, he gave no sign. Instead he turned his bleak gaze upon them and nodded. "Then go with my blessing . . . and do lock the door after you, will you not?"

Victor squeezed her hand. "I think we should hurry, before he changes his mind," he murmured and urged her forward.

She took but a few steps, however, before she halted.

"How can I just leave him here? We must do something for him."

"This is what your brother wants," Victor said with a stern shake of his head, though she glimpsed a flash of momentary pity in his eyes to match her own. "We'll leave him here to finish off matters in his own way."

Obediently she let him lead her to the steps, even as her heart cried a protest at abandoning her own flesh and blood this way. But what was left for him after all? He would stand trial for the murders and be executed. Perhaps it was best if he sought his own punishment.

Then her thoughts were only for Victor as she lent him her shoulder for support. But barely had they mounted the first step, when the paneled door high above them creaked open, and a shadowed figure appeared upon the narrow landing.





"An interestin' setup ye 'ave 'ere," observed an unfamiliar voice. Then the speaker started down the steps, and Amaryllis gasped as she recognized the red-haired Bow Street runner who had called at Victor's door the afternoon before.

"Mister Chapel," came the latter's dry greeting as the man joined them below.

Casually Victor straightened so that he no longer leaned upon her shoulder. From the sweat that beaded his brow and the chills that almost imperceptively shook him, however, Amaryllis knew how much the effort cost him. Still, his tone was even as he went on. "I must confess you are the last person I expected to see here tonight."

"Then ye underestimated me, yer lordship," the runner returned in the same matter-of-fact tones.

His pale gaze flicked over Victor's battered state and the fresh pistol wound that gouged his side. All he said, however, was, "Surely ye didn't think I'd be taken in by yer little game o' dressin' up yer valet to look like ye. I sent the other two lads off to yer country estate for a peek, just in case, but I 'ad a feelin' ye'd be somewhere about the city."

Then he addressed Amaryllis. "Good evenin' to ye, Miss Meeks," he added with a respectful nod.

As with Victor, his keen gaze seemed to take in every detail of her appearance, from the fresh bruises she knew must show on her throat to the grave dirt that stained her clothes. Then he squinted past them to where Talbot sat beside the dead Cordelia, with Sir Harry's corpse sprawled some distance away.

The runner's pockmarked features hardened. He crossed the chamber to check both bodies for any sign of life before returning to confront Victor. "It looks like ye've had an interestin' night, milord. Perhaps ye'd care to give me an account o' it?"

"As you wish," Victor answered with a humorless smile, wincing as he settled on the lower step and leaned against the cold stone wall. "I hope you don't mind if I take a seat. This might take me a while to tell . . . though I rather suspect you won't believe me this time, either."

"I'll listen, milord, right eno'. That's all I'll promise ye fer now."

At that slim assurance, Victor grimly launched into his story. To Amaryllis's relief, he avoided any reference to their tumultuous private relationship, explaining only that he had hired her to illustrate his book on rose cultivation. Chapel listened, as promised, his keen gaze never wavering. Only when Victor fell silent did he finally speak.

"Ye must admit, milord, 'tis a fantastic eno' story. Yer only savin' grace is that I've been keepin' an eye on Miss Meeks's brother for a bit now, so I can corroborate some o' wot ye say."

He paused and shook his head.

"Seems a fellow by the name o' McArdle 'ad an ax to grind wit' the doctor an' was watchin' 'im, 'isself. 'E reported 'ow as the gentleman was doin' business wit' the Resurrection men. That, an' 'e saw the doctor makin' off wit' a woman one foggy night, just before we found another o' the Demon's victims."

Victor's dark eyes narrowed. "Do you mean to say that you had another suspect at the same time you were accusing me of being the Barkshire Demon?"

"Ye were a likely eno' suspect yerself, milord," the runner replied. "But that's not why I'm 'ere."

The runner recounted how he had been the one who had followed their hired hack from the town house, keeping on their heels even after they had switched vehicles the first time. "But ye gave me the slip that second time, milord," he conceded with a nod of admiration.

After following the now-empty hack for the better part of an hour, only to learn he had been duped, Chapel had tried a different tack. He made his way halfway back across the city to St. Pancras Church, planning to question Ezra Meeks regarding the recent activities of his son and daughter.

"But 'twasn't much to be got from 'im."

For it had been well after midnight, and Ezra had long since imbibed his ration of gin. What he did get from the man was the admission he had heard a pistol shot from the direction of the churchyard an hour earlier.

Wondering if that had some connection to the Resurrection men who supposedly were in Talbot's pay, Chapel had then made a search of the darkened cemetery looking for clues. Almost an hour later, he had practically stumbled into Sir Harry's open grave. A quick look about him had revealed signs of a recent struggle, along with a discarded coat—too finely tailored to belong to the average grave robber—lying atop the headstone. A search of that garment's pockets had revealed a dozen calling cards belonging to the Earl of Blackstock.

"So I made my way 'ere. 'Twas no sign of anyone about, but I 'ad a feelin' something were amiss. It took me a bit, but I managed to get inside the place an' search it from top to bottom. 'Tweren't much of use to be found . . . until I 'eard somethin' in the chapel an' I found the 'idden door."

He broke off at the sound of Amaryllis's gasp. She had glanced toward her brother to see what effect the runner's words might have on him. To her horror, she saw that he had risen from the stone bench and was making his determined way to the opposite side of the antechamber.

"The cauldron," she choked out as she saw him draw near it. "He told me that the spring waters it holds are dangerous to the living. If he climbs inside, he might die."

But her cry came too late. Barely had she spoken the words than, with a final look at his dead Cordelia, Talbot flung himself into the stone trough. She heard his single anguished scream before the waters erupted around him in a boiling geyser and hid him from sight. A heartbeat later, the spring subsided back into its trough . . . but of Talbot, there now was no sign.

"Dear God, no!" came Amaryllis's answering shriek.

Yet even when she would have run to his aid, Victor leaped to his feet and seized her arm, pulling her to his chest.

"It's over. There's nothing you can do for him now," he insisted, holding her as a sob wracked her. His words were all but drowned out, however, by the rumble that filled the chamber as the floor beneath them started to shake.

Fear supplanted grief, and Amaryllis clung to Victor lest she lose her footing. "What is happening?" she cried, meeting his grim gaze with a look of fright.

He shook his head. "I don't know . . . but I don't like it."

And then the cauldron itself began to crack. Tainted water began pouring from its sides from a myriad of tiny fissures, spilling like blood even as the ground continued to tremble. Finally, with a thunderous boom, the entire trough shattered.

Blocks of gray stone shot heavenward, while water continued to boil out with the devil's own fury from the gaping hole that remained. A veritable tide washed over Sir Harry's body and began tumbling inexorably toward the stairway.

For an instant, Amaryllis merely stood transfixed by the sight. Then Victor gave her a shake.

"Hurry, let's get out of here," he shouted over the sound of rushing water as he turned toward the stairs, half-dragging her after him.

She needed no further urging but hurried to follow, the Bow Street runner close on her heels. Before they were halfway up the staircase, the gleaming waters were lapping at the bottom step. By the time all three of them reached the paneled door above, the water had risen to the tops of the stone benches.

Glancing below her, Amaryllis choked back a cry. Amid the floating vials and wooden tables, Cordelia's frail body bobbed upon the water's sparkling surface, her sodden blond hair streaming about her. Sir Harry's naked corpse also drifted about, graceful in death as he was not in life.

Yet even as she gazed in horror upon that disturbing scene, the waters abruptly stilled. Then, with an obscene sucking sound, the spring began to reverse its flow.

She heard Victor's muffled oath that was echoed by Chapel. As for herself, she merely clung to Victor's hand and willed herself to sternness of mind.

For the sight below was indeed the stuff of ancient legend. Like some invisible sea monster, the spring greedily swallowed back its waters, consuming in the process every trace of Talbot's equipment. Cordelia's body, and then Sir Harry's, followed into that gaping maw.

The last to be dragged down were the heavy blocks of gray stone that had formed the cauldron. With eerie symmetry, those rough-hewn bricks tumbled into the broad gash in the floor and began settling side by side. As the final trickle of deadly water drained away, the last stone fell neatly into place, so that no one would ever guess the floor had been disturbed.

It was some moments later when the three of them silently filed out the wooden door, stepping out from the confessional into the lecture hall. Clutching his side and looking pale, Victor slumped into the nearest pew and shook his head.

"Bloody Christ," he muttered, "I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes."

"Nor I," Amaryllis replied as she settled beside him and brushed away the tears she'd only now noticed had spilled down her cheeks.

Then the sound of the runner clearing his throat drew both their attention. Beneath the lecture hall's dim light, his pockmarked face had taken on a greenish hue. Still, his tone was remarkably unruffled as he said, "'Ere now, milord, 'twasn't much that 'appened tonight, save that we learned who the Barkshire Demon truly was."

Shrewdly he shook his head.

"'Twas a sad thing, 'ow the good doctor gave way to grief over 'is poor wife an' committed such 'orrid crimes. 'E confessed it all to me, when I came 'ere to his doorstep. 'E said in particular 'ow 'is sister was innocent a victim as any wot he murdered, an' he prayed no scandal would fall on 'er for 'is actions."

"But what about the bodies?" Victor demanded. "How do we explain away their disappearance?"

"'Tis no mystery, milord," the runner replied. "After 'e confessed, the doctor asked to say good-bye to 'is wife. Bein' 'e was a gentleman, I took 'im at 'is word. 'E got clean away, an' the lady wit' him. All 'e left behind was a note wot told me to search for their bodies in the Thames, tho' all manner o' people vanish into the river wit'out a trace. As fer the magistrate, 'e'll fall in wit' my account, never fear."

"It might work, at that," Victor conceded, "and there are sure to be any number of new scandals to satisfy London's craving. But if we do agree to all this, Mister Chapel, I trust you'll also see to it that the scandal sheets print a full retraction concerning my own guilt."

"Indeed, milord, I shall . . . but for now, wot shall we do about wot lies below this place?"

"Board it up," Amaryllis said with a gesture toward the confessional, "or better yet, build a wall across it so no one will ever guess there's a hidden passageway behind."

Chapel nodded. "I know a couple o' fellows wot could do the job, an' no questions asked."

"Send them out straightaway," Victor told him. "I'll see to the bill."

"Very good, milord. An' now, I'll see about findin' a coach to take the two o' ye 'ome again. 'Tis dawn, ye know."

Amaryllis glanced up in surprise at the circular stained-glass window above them. That mosaic of colored glass had begun to brighten with the sun's first rays, softly glowing now against the shadowed ceiling like a jeweled crown. The sight brought a prickle of tears to her eyes. In the past few hours, she had almost come to believe that dawn might never arrive again.

She waited until the runner had made his way from the hall before snuggling closer to Victor and giving a soft sigh.

"Home," she breathed, leaning against his bare chest so that she could hear the faint rhythm of his heartbeat. "I vow, I've never heard a better offer than that."

"As so it happens," Victor casually murmured, "I had hoped you would say the very same thing about the offer I was about to make you."

At his words, Amaryllis straightened in his embrace and shifted about so that she could meet his gaze. Her heart, meanwhile, began a wild thrumming in her breast, even as she willed herself to sternness of mind.

"Indeed, my lord," she replied, "I suppose that will depend upon the offer."

A spark of amusement lit his dark gaze as he lifted a wry brow. "What if I offer to make you Lady Blackstock?"

"But that would mean I would be consigned to the Blue Room, would it not?" she asked, wrinkling her nose in mock dismay, even as her heart gave a joyful leap. "I don't think I could spend every night there. Moreover I am not so certain that a modern woman such as myself would make a very successful countess."

Victor slanted her a meaningful look.

"Believe me, I had no intention of letting you spend your nights in the Blue Room. And as for your being a modern woman, I suspect the peerage will survive it . . . besides which, I wouldn't allow any other sort of woman to raise my children."

Children.

The notion of bearing Victor's sons and daughters sent sudden, possessive warmth through her. She smiled as she envisioned herself standing before an easel, painting a trio of chubby-cheeked toddlers, crowns of red rosebuds askew in their dark hair. But even as she longed to seize that dream, practicality stood in the way.

"But what about my painting?" she ventured, almost afraid to ask the question. "I fear I could never give it up, not even for a dozen titles."

"Nor would I expect you to do so . . . at least, not before you finish the plates for my book on rose cultivation. And if that text proves popular, I had been toying with the idea of a second volume focusing on the more recent hybrids. Certainly such a project would call for a new set of plates."

"Yes, I am certain that it would. And that, my lord, is your offer?"

"It is."

She fell silent then, content for the moment simply to study the face of the man that she loved. Then, reaching her decision, she softly replied, "After much consideration, my lord, I've determined that going home is still the best offer I have ever heard, so long as that particular home happens to be the one I will share with you and our children."

And as Victor drew her into his embrace for the first of a lifetime's worth of passionate kisses, the rising sun spilled through the stained-glass window above and enveloped them in a rose-colored glow.





The following evening, every tabloid and scandal sheet in London had printed the lurid final chapter to the Barkshire Demon murders. The killer had been revealed to be the respected physician, Talbot Meeks, whose influential patients included an Earl and the local magistrate.

Grief Over His Dying Wife Led Him to Madness!

Unspeakable Experiments Rumored!

Murderous Physician Believed to Have Taken Own Life.

In paragraph after sensational paragraph, the public was treated to the most intimate details of both the killer and his victims' lives. A search promptly was made of the banks along the Thames, but neither Meeks's body nor that of his young wife washed ashore. Calvin Chapel, of Bow Street, was credited with solving the case, though he modestly proclaimed that luck had played a major role in his connecting Meeks to the murders.

No mention was made of undead creatures stalking the London streets. And as for the notorious Earl of Blackstock, his name was conspicuously absent from those accounts . . . save for a mention that he was no longer considered a suspect in the brutal killings.

And a week later, when the naked corpses of a minor baronet and the young wife of an aged Earl were found together in the same bed, the reading public promptly forgot about the tragic doctor and his string of victims.

That summer the horticultural world experienced a small stir of its own when Victor Saville, Earl of Blackstock, was discovered to have written a new tome on the history and care of roses. The volume became an immediate success, due in no small part, it was alleged, to the glorious illustrations by a young female artist who just happened to be the Earl's new bride.

As for the artist's father, he made a bit of coin himself over the affair, selling a handful of Lady Blackstock's old sketches to the ton . . . and earning quite enough to keep him in gin for some time.

With his literary success, the unsavory rumors regarding Lord Blackstock faded from the ton's fickle memory. That change in the social winds also boded well for his young sister, Lady Monique, who made her belated debut the following Season and was promptly dubbed an Original . . . setting the rage for gray-and-red parrots and rose petal baths.

And the following summer, when the Earl of Blackstock's wife presented him with their first child, a baby girl, the proud parents christened her with the only name possible—Rose.

I was Quite Thrilled, dear friend, to hear of your nuptials. I am certain that your Lord Blackstock is quite as wonderful as you claim. I only wish Shelley and I had been there to witness your joy. As you may have heard, he and I have finally managed to wed—so that I, too, have never been happier in my life . . .

As for your letters of last Spring, I have long since burned them all, as you asked. I must confess, however, that your fantastic tale has had an influence upon me. Soon after I read your last account, the four of us—Shelley, Lord Byron, Doctor Polidori, and I—conceived the notion that we should each write a ghost story.

The gentlemen all began scribbling with Great Zeal at their tales but, alas, no idea came to me those first few days. And then, one night, I had a Waking Dream in which I saw a pale student of Unhallowed Arts kneeling before the thing he had put together. It was a Reanimated Corpse, such as that horror that haunted your life those weeks. When I awoke, I knew that I had my ghost story—and thus, I set to work writing.

And now, my dear friend, it is I whom your creature haunts. Indeed, Shelley has encouraged me to continue working on my tale, which I have boldly titled Frankenstein; or The Modern Prometheus. Percy tells me this is my finest work yet . . . and I confess I have hopes that my little story might one day be published.

—letter from Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, nee Godwin, to Amaryllis Saville, Lady Blackstock





First, if you liked this set of books and would like to review, you can do so here.

I’m very pleased to be bringing back in eBook format another of my “vintage” historical romances first published by Pinnacle Books and which were written as Alexa Smart. While most of the original text of Roses at Midnight remains, the story has been gently re-edited for the 21st century reader (we were a bit more florid back in the 1990s). And, best of all, the book has a wonderful new cover that accurately reflects my heroine. Yep, the original cover artist managed to depict the auburn-tressed Amaryllis as a blonde! And unfortunately I never saw that cover—lovely as it was—until after the book was in print and it was too late. Now, for the first time, I can admire my cover without wincing.

Roses at Midnight is perhaps my very favorite of my historical romances, mostly because it pushed the traditional romance envelope of its day by including supernatural elements, something that unnerved more than one reader. Don’t worry, though. No vampires are flitting about in these pages. In fact, I deliberately stayed away from the vampire mythos as I plotted this story, even though I prided myself in liking vampires long before it was cool. (What can I say? I still have my first edition paperbacks of Interview with the Vampire and Salem's Lot .)

For this book, with its theme of redemption and its motif of roses, I decided that I needed to tap into something far more elemental that the blood-sucker legend. And so I paid homage to one of the great horror novels of all times, with its unsettling exploration of what happens when Man attempts to play God.

Mary Shelley's Frankenstein became my inspiration, though of course with my own particular twist on the subject. If you’re a devotee of the original, you’ll likely recognize a few names and references from that work that I’ve incorporated into my tale. I have also threaded in an ancient rebirth legend from Welsh mythology that I thought added a particular little shiver to the story.

Roses at Midnight is, by turns, passionate, funny, and terrifying. Romantic Times Magazine rated the book 4 stars and called it “…an extremely satisfying read filled with vivid imagery.” Enjoy this shivery walk into the darkness. I know that I did!



Ali Brandon is the national bestselling author of the Black Cat Bookshop Mystery series from Berkley Prime Crime. Writing under her real name, Diane A.S. Stuckart, she penned the popular Leonardo da Vinci historical mystery series—also from Berkley—which has received starred reviews from Publishers Weekly and Library Journal, as well as a Florida Book Award. Additionally, she is the author of five critically-reviewed historical romances which will soon be re-released as ebooks. A native Texan with a degree in Journalism from the University of Oklahoma, Diane a/k/a Ali now lives in South Florida. She’s a member of Mystery Writers of America and the Cat Writers Association. Visit her at www.dianestuckart.com or www.alibrandon.com and facebook.





Writing as ALI BRANDON, THE BLACK CAT BOOKSHOP MYSTERY SERIES





"This series really does have it all: bookstore, cats, likable, relatable characters, and a strong mystery." —Cozy Mystery Book Review

"A fun mystery that kept me guessing to the end!"—Rebecca M. Hale New York Times bestselling author of How to Wash a Cat

"This first entry…is a harbinger of good books to follow…"—Lynne F. Maxwell, Mystery Scene Magazine

"[A] clever series opener, complete with amiable characters [that] Bibliophiles, ailurophiles and mystery fans will enjoy."—Jay Strafford, Richmond Times-Dispatch

DOUBLE BOOKED FOR DEATH





A NOVEL WAY TO DIE





WORDS WITH FIENDS





Writing as DIANE A.S. STUCKART,THE LEONARDO DA VINCI MYSTERY SERIES





"...a fine story filled with historical detail and fully developed characters. 'A Bolt From the Blue' continues [Stuckart's] mastery of her subject.."—Jay Strafford, Richmond Times-Dispatch

"Stuckart blends historical detail, political intrigue, and a deadly serious mystery into a story that keeps the reader turning pages...a must read if you enjoy historical mysteries." —Gayle Surrette, Gumshoe Review

"...one of the most remarkable storylines I have run across."A Bolt From The Blue" [is] a great history lesson as well as a thrilling mystery." —Sharon Galligar Chance, Times Record News

"…Stuckart's delightful second series historical plays it for all it's worth. Highly recommended." —Jo Ann Vicarel, Library Journal (starred review) about Portrait of a Lady

"…Stuckart convincingly captures the flavor of 15th-century Italy." —Publishers Weekly

"…works to perfection…the mystery is as engaging as the characters." (4 stars) —Barb Anderson, Romantic Times Magazine

"…the mesmerizing plot moves swiftly to a dramatic conclusion that will leave readers eagerly awaiting the next volume." —Publishers Weekly (starred review) about The Queen’s Gambit THE QUEEN'S GAMBIT





PORTRAIT OF A LADY





A BOLT FROM THE BLUE





Short Fiction Collection written as DIANE A.S. STUCKART:

WHO'S BEHIND THE DOOR? mystery/fantasy/romance anthology





Regency Rebels



copyright(©) Denise Domning, Diane A.S. Stuckart, Holly Thompson 2013



All right reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any way.

Some Images konradbak / 123RF Stock Photo



Almost Perfect



copyright(©) Denise Domning 2003, 2012



All right reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any way.

Cover art and graphics by ADKDesigns.biz





Honor's Player



Copyright © 1988, 2013 by Holly Thompson



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, names, incidents, organizations, and dialogue in this novel are either the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Cover design by ADK Designs



Roses at Midnight



Copyright © 1997, 2013 by Diane Alexa Smart Stuckart



This book is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, and dialogues are products of the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of these pages may be used for any purpose other than for review or personal use. Reproduction in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, or otherwise, for other reasons is strictly prohibited without prior written permission.

Cover design by Amber Anderson, ADKdesigns, LLC www.adkdesigns.biz

Published by BookSmart Publishing

www.dianestuckart.com





