Main Contents



The Marriage List | Lady Iona’s Rebellion | Taken by Moonlight | The Nude

* * * * *

Start Reading

Thank You for Reading

Acknowledgments

About the Author

Also by Dorothy McFalls

Copyright

Table of Contents





THE MARRIAGE LIST





Chapter 1

Bath, England 1813

Radford, the fourth Viscount Evers, dismissed Bannor, his irritatingly efficient man-of-affairs, and eased his aching foot onto his study’s massive tiger maple desktop. The wretched appendage throbbed like the devil all the way to the tips of his toes whenever the weather turned soggy. Which meant in dreary, sodden England his foot pained him nearly all the time. And the unrelenting patter of rain against the windowpane promised nothing but misery for the next several hours.

A year, three months, and twenty-five days had passed since his foot, his leg, and part of his chest had been crushed under the weight of his horse on the Peninsula. The days ticked by like the second hand on his father’s weighty pocket watch he’d begun to twirl between his fingers.

“Taking this man-of-leisure lifestyle a little far, eh, Evers?” Lord Nathan Wynter intruded on Radford’s self-loathing without the decency of an invitation. In fact, Wynter, Radford’s fair-haired boyhood friend and the second son of the esteemed Marquess of Portfry, had burst into the study without even giving the Longbranch House’s stoic butler the opportunity to deny him entrance.

Having awakened in a particularly aggravated mood, Radford had given his butler very specific instructions to turn all visitors away . . . especially Wynter.

For the past several days he’d shied away from prolonged visits with his friends. Wynter’s presence served as an agonizing reminder of the healthy man he was before that cursed Frog murdered his horse out from under him in the middle of that miserable Battle of Salamanca. Not a day passed when he didn’t long to turn back time and live as he once had—to savor the kind of reckless living Wynter freely enjoyed.

Days like today he felt as if he was nothing more than his injuries. Trapped.

His friend laughed, his ruddy cheeks brightening as he turned a deaf ear to Radford’s vile curses and most ungrateful attempts to turn him away. There was no hope for it. Radford’s foul mood only evoked a cheerier Wynter.

“Missed you at the Pump Room this morning.” Wynter dropped into a heavily cushioned chair near the fireplace and plucked at the finely laced doilies covering the seat’s wide arms.

A flare of anger surged in Radford’s chest. “I’ve no interest in parading my lame leg around in public anymore. And those foul waters aren’t doing a bloody thing.” He folded his arms like a disobedient child and lifted his gaze to the ceiling. The blasted plaster needed repair.

“That tedious ritual of taking the waters is supposed to speed your recovery, Evers. But I had thought there might be another allure. A certain Lady Lillian Newbury noticed your absence. Her sunny smile faded to a petulant pout when she saw I was making the rounds alone.” Wynter shivered dramatically. “Damaged my fragile male pride, she did.”

Radford grimaced. Lady Lillian paid far too much interest in his recovery. Lovely as a spring flower, she followed him around the Bath events with the most piteous look clouding her crystal blue eyes.

He had no use for pity, especially not from a mere slip of a woman. Of course he’d no option in light of his recent revelation but play the grateful courtier to her demure interests. He’d do well to remember that damaged specimens such as himself weren’t the choicest morsels on the marriage block.

Wynter didn’t seem to mind Radford’s brooding silence. His lips twitched while a wry look of amusement danced in his eyes. An outsider might say Wynter was on the verge of laughing at his friend. If he dared, Radford would boot him out on his ear. But he knew Wynter well enough to banish the thought. He trusted his friend as fiercely as Wynter trusted him.

“Since you seem to have planted yourself in my study, you might as well make yourself useful.” Radford dashed a glance toward the liquor cabinet.

That was all the encouragement Wynter needed. He wasted no time in pouring two glasses of Radford’s finest claret.

“Now tell me, Evers. What the devil has gotten into you today? You’re a hundred score ruder than usual.” Wynter sipped his claret and that look of amusement spread from his eyes to fill a good-natured grin. Only a long time friend would know Wynter planned to stand his ground and twist a confession from Radford’s lips.

Radford steepled his fingers and frowned. He’d learned on the Peninsula the hard way that some battles were not worth fighting.

“Mother arrived last night.”

“Ah.” Wynter leaned back in his chair and lazily propped one leg over the other.

“She’s reminded me how close I came to facing my own mortality. Reminded me how I was carried home on a litter, insensible, and how the local vicar had been called upon to perform last rites no less than three times.” He loathed the note of bitterness in his voice. Bitterness was below him, below the proud line of heroes he’d been born into.

“I suppose your loving mamma had a reason for dredging up that unhappy time from this past year?”

Radford nodded and then drained his glass. “She’s reached the conclusion I myself have refused to face.”

“Good Lord.” Wynter took a deep sip of his own drink. “This sounds serious.”

“It is serious. I have a responsibility to my family and my title that has been long neglected. In short, it is past time I get myself a wife and start producing heirs.”

The very thought of tying himself to a flitting, muslin-draped, empty-headed lady for the rest of his days turned his stomach.

“In all my experience,” Radford said, “I’ve never known a woman to tax her silly mind long enough to think of anything beyond fashion, gossip, and the financial security only a man can provide.”

“Gad, Evers, marriage can’t be as bad as all that. We’re talking about finding you a gently trained lady, not some harridan.”

Radford sighed. Wynter was right. “I suppose it can’t be worse than picking through the nags at Tattersall’s to find a truly superior piece of horseflesh.”

A blond brow rose. “Finding a wife isn’t like purchasing a new mare for your breeding program.”

“And why not? It is simply a breeding program I am looking to begin, is it not? Besides, what in blazes makes you an expert? You’re blissfully unattached . . . with no plans to tie yourself up in the foreseeable future.”

“True, true, I do try to avoid the curse of such an attachment,” Wynter admitted with a lazy wave. “But a lady, Evers. Their natures are more sensitive than even your highest-strung Arabian. And ten times more unpredictable.”

“Bah! I wish to make a list of qualities I should consider—a marriage list, I suppose. Make yourself useful for a change. Play the part of secretary.”

“I don’t know about this—” Wynter muttered.

“Just fetch a pen and a scrap of foolscap. I feel a burst of inspiration emerging.”

* * * *

“Oh please do stop fidgeting, Iona.” The generally fearless May Sheffers thought her rebuke rang hollow even to her own ears. Especially when her heart was thumping in her throat. It took all her resolve not to pull out her lace handkerchief and tug it to bits, her nerves were so overset.

This is truly the only way.

The writ of eviction had arrived in the morning post. Luckily, May had caught sight of the letter and whisked the offensive missive from her ailing Aunt Winnie’s frail fingers. The dear woman, who’d nurtured May from her fourth year forward, didn’t need to know of the heartless treatment that wiry Mr. Bannor sought to bear upon them. Imagine, being tossed out of their home of the past two years like an unwanted pair of worn boots. She’d do anything to protect Aunt Winnie from having to worry about something as horrid as that.

May had spent the past month trying to solve the problem. She’d petitioned Mr. Bannor on several occasions to plead her case, only to find her explanations and promises of payment falling on ears made of stone. And that, along with the finality the writ of eviction presented, had forced May to take this outrageous course of action.

She had no other choice but appeal to the man who paid Mr. Bannor’s salary, the owner of the small cottage she and Aunt Winnie currently rented. That was why she’d borrowed Iona’s family carriage and was presently on her way to pay a call on the baffling Viscount Evers.

May could only pray Evers would sympathize with her plight.

“It’s not as if we deliberately failed to pay the rent these past three months,” May said sharply as the carriage swayed up Sion Hill toward their destination. Working up her ire helped sooth her jumpy nerves. “I never asked for Papa’s money to be tied up by the courts. He’s not dead! Neither is Mamma! Uncle Sires has gone too far. Trying to declare them dead just because he hadn’t heard word from them for the past seven years, indeed. I remember a time when eight years passed between correspondences. They are busy with their investigations, Iona. Not dead.”

“Yes, May,” Iona said in her proper tone that always grew more subdued, more silent whenever May lapsed into one of her loud outbursts. “I am certain you are correct. But paying a visit on a gentleman and a bachelor? We don’t even have a male escort, May. I wish you had allowed me to let my father handle this matter for you. Surely this action steps far beyond the bounds of—”

“Lady Iona Newbury. Do you or do you not still subscribe to the Mary Wollstonecraft school of thought?”

“I do. But—”

“And where does the indomitable Miss Wollstonecraft endorse handing our problems over to a man simply because we were born women?”

At that very moment, Iona’s family carriage pulled to an abrupt stop, sending May’s heart into another flutter of nervous activity. She fiddled a moment with her russet curls made impossibly unruly by the drenching weather. Her peacock blue walking dress, last year’s muslin and design, was slightly faded, but neatly pressed. Her oilskin cape had a small rip in the shoulder.

May sighed. All and all, she looked her usual shabby self.

The carriage driver opened the door and held a large umbrella for the two women to huddle under as they walked along the flower-lined path up to the imposing Longbranch House entrance.

A pair of growling marble tigers stood guard on each side of the double doors. May swallowed a lump of anxiety before boldly knocking. When no one immediately opened the door, she was ready to breathe a sigh of relief and convince herself that the thoughtless Viscount Evers had fled to London or his country estate.

He hadn’t taken the waters that morning. Iona’s younger sister, Lady Lillian, had returned from the Pump Room in a sour mood after lingering far longer than either Iona or May in hopes he might appear.

He could have left Bath. Fashionable bachelors seldom lingered in a city that was turning into a haven for the elderly and the chronically dull.

The door opened a crack just as the women turned to leave.

“Yes?” A long-faced butler drawled. He frowned down his nose at the two ladies while they shivered in the damp air. Despite all that was courteous, he appeared dead-set against allowing either woman the opportunity to seek refuge inside.

His cold demeanor didn’t dissuade May from her set path. It wasn’t as if this was her first time facing down an uppity servant. Three weeks out of every year, May and Aunt Winnie visited her uncle Sires at his estate, Redfield Abbey in Wiltshire. And for those three dreadful weeks, the entire household of servants seemed to sneer down their noses and sniff in indignation whenever finding themselves in May’s service. And never once did their disapproval overset her nerves.

Neither would this impertinent butler blocking the entrance to Viscount Evers’ home. She narrowed her gaze and thrust Iona’s and her own card into the butler’s gloved hand. “I demand to see the viscount.” A cruel smile curled her lips when he refused to budge. “I will stand out on this stoop and make a nuisance of myself in front of his neighbors if you dare deny me.”

The butler grumbled something about having his head served on a platter before throwing open the doors. He took their cloaks, ushered the two women into a cozy parlor just off the grand pink marble entranceway, and then ambled off, still shaking his head and mumbling.

“The viscount won’t agree to see us,” Iona said as she flounced into a petite chair. “It wouldn’t be proper.”

“I believe you are correct.” May left the warmth of the dainty parlor and followed the path the butler had taken. Iona, not one to ever be left behind, raised her skirts and ran with a hoyden’s charm to catch up.

“Well, send them away,” an angry male voice carried through the empty hall.

May couldn’t make out the butler’s reply, but she could guess he was doing a valiant job pleading her case from the shouted exclamation that followed the short silence.

“Take up residence? That is ridiculous, Jeffers. I told you not to disturb me and here you are disturbing me yet again. Go away.”

“He sounds like he’s in a temper,” Iona whispered.

“Naught but male bluster,” May said, praying she was right. She held her breath and pushed open the closed door, having determined that the source of the angry voice resided within. Without waiting for a by your leave, she took Iona’s hand in her own and marched into the leather-appointed study with her head held high, a solid army front.

“Pardon me for intruding,” she said in the haughtiest tone she could muster, “but I must demand a word with you, my lord. It concerns a matter of importance that simply cannot be put off for another day.”

Her sharp gaze landed on the viscount, lounging like a man who hadn’t a care in the world with his booted foot propped on his lovely desk. He was a handsome devil.

Though they’d never been properly introduced, she’d seen him several times when she accompanied her aunt to the Pump Room. While Winnie leaned heavily on her arm as they took a turn around the room, nodding at familiar faces, May had caught her gaze straying more than once to the raven-haired gentleman with those arresting jade-colored eyes. He rarely stopped to converse with anyone.

She had watched as he’d stubbornly struggled to hide a severe limp and make his way around the Pump Room without the aid of a cane. Lord Nathan Wynter always accompanied the viscount, smiling and nodding to the young ladies while swinging the unused cane.

“Ladies.” Lord Nathan leapt to his feet, nearly knocking over the small writing desk beside which he was sitting. He sketched a bow, a deep blush rising to his cheeks. May watched with interest as he hastily pushed a piece of foolscap into his pocket.

She wasn’t surprised to find him here in the viscount’s study. Bath was awash with gossip and speculation centering on Viscount Evers and how he begrudgingly accepted the support of his loyal friend Lord Nathan. One couldn’t sit down in a tearoom without being bombarded with stories of how Evers received his injuries in the heat of a heroic battle and how he’d since become just a shadow of the bright, young rogue he used to be.

“Lady Iona Newbury and Miss Margaret Sheffers, my lord,” the butler announced in a loud voice, as if he’d orchestrated May’s and Iona’s surprise appearance.

“Indeed,” Viscount Evers drawled. His dark brows rose at least an inch. He studied the women several moments before lowering his foot from his desk. His jaw tightened as his foot dropped to the floor, the only hint his movement might have pained him.

May felt only the briefest frisson of guilt.

After all, he was responsible for his man-of-affairs, Mr. Bannor. And Bannor was the villain threatening to evict May and her dear Aunt Winnie from their home—no doubt with the viscount’s blessing.

Evers fastened a hardened gaze on May as he rose from his chair. The pressure of his scrutiny wrecked havoc on her confidence until she noticed the reason for his unbreakable concentration. His hand stayed in contact with the desktop while he walked stiffly out from behind his artificial throne.

This wasn’t a fearful force more powerful than the king. He was just a man fashioned, like her, from flesh and blood.

“Ladies.” He gave a shallow bow. With a languid sweep of his perfectly manicured hand, he motioned to a small sofa by the fire grate. “Please sit and share this matter of business so urgent it supercedes all rules of propriety.”

He smiled, flashing his teeth in a wholly unnecessarily aggressive move. The nerve of him, handing her not only a frosty set-down but also displaying a most egregious snarl. May sucked in a breath and opened her mouth to return sharp words of her own, only her words wouldn’t be couched in feigned politeness.

But alas, she needed to charm the man—not prick his nerves. With a sweet smile that was anything but real, May obediently perched on the edge of the sofa he’d indicated. Iona crowded next to her. Like a nervous bird, her friend shivered, which did nothing to bolster her own wearying nerves.

“Please fetch a pot of tea,” Viscount Evers said quietly to the butler. Curiously, Wynter responded to the request with a nod and a playful wink.

What in heavens was going on? Never had May felt more like she’d stumbled into a den of lions. Perhaps the rules of propriety, deeming it unseemly for a woman to visit a bachelor in his home, were based on some very real danger. She felt her smile strain.

“Gentlemen, I sincerely appreciate your taking the time to receive us after we’ve practically stormed the gates.”

“Practically?” The viscount’s raven eyebrows jutted up again. The one word nearly exploded with sarcasm.

“Well, yes. I do apologize for my behavior. Lady Iona is only here because I wouldn’t allow her to change my mind about seeing you, and she insisted I not make this visit alone.” May swallowed her pride and kept her painful grin firmly in place. “I wouldn’t have dreamed of disturbing you in this manner if there was any other way . . . ”

His expression glowed with interest. He leaned against his desk and cocked his head. The fabric of his buff-colored superfine suit coat strained across his chest’s wide expanse.

Oh my, she really shouldn’t notice such things. She could be certain he wasn’t noticing anything alluring about her person.

No man ever had.

She was worse than plain. Uncle Sires had judged her an ugly duckling with no hope of ever blooming into a swan. Aunt Winnie had protested the charge, but given May’s ruddy hair, olive-tinged complexion, and rather stout shape, the dear woman didn’t have much material to work with. She has a heart of gold, Winnie had finally concluded.

And no chance for attracting a husband. Uncle Sires’ biting words had been spoken six years ago when May was barely eighteen and had excitedly inquired about her come-out. They still held power over her today. A heated blush rose up her neck.

She’d no right to look longingly upon a man as handsome as the Viscount Evers. No right at all. For all she knew, his stomach was churning from being forced to gaze upon a full-grown duck as unappealing as her.

His lightly arched brows furrowed and his glare grew impossibly hard. “If there was any other way . . . ?” he asked.

The question caught May off guard. What was he asking? Any other way, what? A growing blush stung her cheeks as she realized her overlong stare had interrupted her own explanation, mid-thought. His question must have merely been an attempt to prod her into talking and to bring her to the point.

“My aunt and I rent number twelve Sydney Place,” she said.

His expression was as empty as a clear sky.

“You own the property,” she prompted.

“Do I?”

For a moment May had a nervous feeling that she’d made a terrible mistake, that she’d intruded into the wrong man’s home. “Mr. Bannor is your man-of-affairs, is he not?” she asked with a crisp tone.

“He is. He handles my assortment of properties and investments.” Something dark and quite wicked crossed his brows. “Has Bannor offended you in some way, Miss Sheffers?”

May could not describe the relief that surged through her veins. “Indeed he has, my lord.”

She peeled the writ of eviction from the silk reticule that matched her gown and held it out for him to take. “He has sent this. Luckily, I opened the letter before my aunt Winnie had a chance to read it. She’s in poor health. Her heart. It was her ailing health that brought us to Bath from London, I’ll have you know. A shock such as this would only worsen her condition.”

“Indeed?” he drawled.

He took a moment then to read Bannor’s letter. May held her breath as she counted the slow passage of seconds.

“The writ claims you and your aunt have failed to pay rent for the past three months,” he said after more than two minutes of breathless silence. May was convinced she’d turned blue. “Is this true?”

“Yes, but—”

Evers cut her off with a staying hand. “This is a matter for Bannor, miss. I have no interest in squabbles of this sort. I don’t interfere with my man-of-affair’s occupation.” His tone nearly coated the room with frost.

“Perhaps we could but listen to the women, Evers?” Wynter said, his gentle smile powerful enough to sway even the most stubborn of goats. “Surely, the task we were completing could only benefit from the experience?”

The viscount cast his friend a sidelong look. “No.” He took several stiff steps, closing the distance between him and May. “We shall change the subject.”

The long-nosed butler interrupted then with a tea tray. Steam rose from the finely hand-painted blue pot. An intricate scene depicting several maidens crossing an oriental bridge came to life on the porcelain. May couldn’t help but wonder at the small fortune the viscount must have paid for the tea service as she silently poured the tea into the cups.

She took a long sip, a bounty of flavors filling her mouth. Her aunt’s watery brew tasted like dirty hot water in comparison.

“A change of topics, then?” Wynter prompted after taking a sip of his tea as well. Mischief sparkled in his eyes.

May strangled the teacup’s handle with a small measure of alarm. Perhaps the men were planning to make sport of the two foolish maidens like a scene out of a children’s fable after all.

“I would rather—” she started.

At that very moment Viscount Evers blurted, “How old are you, Miss Sheffers?” He looked serious, too serious.

“Four-and-twenty. Now if you would please but listen.”

“Is that on the shelf?” Evers turned and asked Wynter.

At least Wynter had the honor to drop his mouth open with embarrassment. “I don’t believe so,” he said, wincing. “Not quite.”

“And horses, Miss Sheffers, what are your thoughts on them?”

The question was utter nonsense. Had the viscount’s war injuries addled his mind? “I-I don’t know, my lord. I’ve lived my entire life in London and don’t know much about the creatures. They are rather large . . . imposing, I suppose.”

He merely shrugged. “And you Lady Iona? How old are you?”

Iona, bless her, tilted her chin up like a true lady. “I am one-and-twenty, my lord, and by no means on the shelf. Neither is Miss Sheffers. My own mamma didn’t marry until she was five-and-twenty, having to wait for my papa to come to his good senses.”

Wynter tossed back his head and laughed boldly. “Very good, my lady.”

The behavior of the two men, as if they shared a private jest at hers and Iona’s expense, went beyond improper. Their idea of humor was just too much to bear. May felt at a loss. What should she do? Salvaging this confrontation with the viscount was clearly beyond hope. She sprang to her feet. Coming to his home was a mistake. A blot on her normally logical mind.

“My lords,”—she swept the room with her most menacing glare—“since you are unwilling to listen to my plight and help a gentlewoman in need, I believe I have no choice but to bring this farce to an end. Good day.”

She snatched up Iona by the wrist and bolted from the room.

“It was truly a pleasure,” Iona had the grace to call as they rushed out into the drizzly rains without the protection of their cloaks and worse . . . without having accomplished anything beyond making complete and utter fools of themselves.

“A pleasure, you say? Viscount Evers can take his cursed home with all its cursed expensive hand-painted fineries and go straight to the devil for all I care!”





Chapter 2

“Did Miss Sheffers just wish you to the devil?”

Wynter’s wide gaze and gaping mouth went beyond shocked. The man appeared utterly flabbergasted, a look Radford had never associated with his even-keeled friend.

“I believe she did.” A smile creased the corners of Radford’s lips. He eased down onto the sofa the women had vacated. Three half filled round teacups stared up at him from the side table next to him. The fourth little cup in the set, missing. “I believe she also pilfered from my fine china.”

Miss Margaret Sheffers.

Before an hour ago, he hadn’t the slightest clue that the lady existed, let alone that she resided on one of his properties. She was the kind of woman he generally overlooked. Gently shabby, small, with not one extraordinary feature to attract a man save for a pair of unusually vivid violet eyes—before today he’d guess such a woman would make a fine lady’s companion or governess, fading into the draperies. She was of so little import her initial burst into the room had his gaze shifting to the alluring Lady Iona, not her. So just how did such a woman manage to leave him with his heart throbbing in his chest?

“The marriage list we’ve just completed,” Radford said and thrust out his hand. “I believe you stuffed it in your pocket.”

Wynter eyed Radford for several moments before pulling the crumpled piece of foolscap from his pants pocket and dropping it into Radford’s palm. “What in blazes was that all about, Evers?” The note of anger was unmistakable . . . and completely a surprise.

“What was what?” Radford asked somewhat absently. He struggled to his feet so he could pace like a normal man while he reviewed the list of qualities he’d demand in a wife.

“Your damned behavior, is what. I’ve never witnessed a ruder display. Is this how you plan to woo a wife? If you do, you had better start preparing for a long bachelorhood.”

“I just wished to ascertain their qualifications.” No vagaries on his list, nothing left to chance.

“Qualifications, Evers? This isn’t Tattersal’s where you can pry open their mouths and peek inside. You have to use your charm. Before you bought that bloody commission, all you had to do was wink and every damned woman in sight would swoon.”

“That man no longer exists. For one thing, I am no longer a prime pick. Look at me! I’m a cripple, naught but half a man.”

Wynter sighed, long and loud. “It’s your acid tongue, not your injury that scares women.”

Radford continued to pace, feeling his limp grow more pronounced. The pain in his foot returned with a vengeance.

How was it that for the past half-hour he’d been free of the searing pain? Something about pricking the anger of a plain, utterly forgettable faded bloom had completely erased the state of his injured body from his mind.

“Perhaps a wife is exactly what I need.”

“Bloody funny way of going about finding one.” Wynter helped himself to a second serving of claret. He held up the decanter, offering to pour a glass for Radford.

Still pacing with his jerky movement of half dragging his lame leg, Radford waved Wynter away. “Not now,” he grumbled. He needed to think. To plan.

Just as on the Peninsula, everything lived and died by the force of strategy. No matter what Wynter said about the necessity of charming a woman, Radford knew there was more to this chase for a wife than that. He’d seen the fleeting glances the society ladies sent his way, their sidelong looks literally twitching with a blend of fear and pity.

Miss Sheffers’ mystically deep violet eyes had sparked with anger, not pity.

Long gone were the days where every lady he met would stare up at his healthy physique with moon-eyed affection.

She hadn’t been moon-eyed, but she’d appeared indifferent to his condition.

“Never mind my offending the woman, Wynter. She didn’t meet even one marriageable criteria.” Radford shook out the foolscap.

“Didn’t she?”

Radford began to read from the list. “Number one, age. She needs to be young enough to be pliable, readily molded into my image of the perfect wife and viscountess for my estate. No younger than eighteen—I have absolutely no wish to bed a child—no older than one-and-twenty. Need I go on?”

“I see no problem as of yet,” Wynter said with a shrug.

“Number two, appearance. She should be fair of complexion, like an angel smiling down from the heavens—I believe the poet in you added that last part. Her body should be sturdy, full enough to fill a man’s hands, and possess wide hips—”

“Within reason,” Wynter interjected.

“—To safely produce a brood of sons.” Miss Sheffers’ compact body, like a coiled spring, no doubt fit the second part of the description. The muslin gown hinted at the curves hidden underneath. But, alas, her unusual olive skin tone, angular features, and bright violet eyes gave her the look of part elf, part gypsy. A combination well suited for fairy tales and fantasies, but not the refined position of viscountess. “Again, need I continue?”

“I don’t see why not.” Wynter made himself comfortable in the overstuffed chair by the fire, enjoying the claret as well as the dissection of this woman’s shortcomings a little too much. Radford ground his jaw.

“Number three, disposition.” His voice rose along with his aggravation. “Above all things, she should possess a gentle disposition. Behave properly. Be agreeable in all things.”

“To be fair, Evers, circumstances had forced her to act as she had. I’d say she handled herself very well, considering . . .” The reproach deepening the blue of Wynter’s eyes didn’t go unnoticed.

“Very well, we’ll skip that one for now. Not that it matters.” Radford drew a steadying breath. “Number four, family. Born to a respectable family of suitable rank and possessing a sizable dowry.” He cast a pointed look across the room, daring Wynter to argue in support of Miss Sheffers’ family, convinced her family name passed his friend’s ears as meaninglessly as it had his own.

Wynter shrugged. “As for the dowry, I don’t dare speculate. One can never assume the financial stability of another when so many live high on credit. But her family name stands on its own merit.”

“Exactly.” Radford stopped his pacing, uncertain. What did his friend mean, stands on its own merit? No matter. The last qualification was perhaps the most crucial, the one point he would never bend. “Number five, horses. She must”—the word underlined, twice—“possess a full knowledge and genuine affection of horses. I am planning to continue my breeding program whether or not I am able to ride again.”

His doctors all agreed. They’d been blunt. He’d never be able to properly seat a horse or ride for prolonged periods. The heartless men might as well have taken up a knife and carved out his heart. Never ride again, his love, his life torn away as easily as that?

“My wife will share my love of horses. I will not give up my stables. I simply will not.” He looked at the second piece of foolscap in his hand. He’d completely forgotten he still possessed it—Miss Sheffers’ writ of eviction. Feeling nearly unhinged, Radford shouted his next words. “So you must agree. Miss Sheffers admitted it herself, if not in words in tone. She’s deathly afraid of the beasts!”

Wynter started with a sudden jolt of confusion. “Miss Sheffers? I thought we were discussing the very eligible Lady Iona.”

* * * *

May avoided her aunt Winnie and made a straight path up the stairs to her chamber to smooth her unruly hair and change out of her damp gown. Her shivering hands, not from the rainy chill but from the fury still boiling inside her, drew her attention to the thin teacup still lodged between her fingers. Bright blue parasols and flowers danced around the outside of the perfectly rounded cup.

His teacup. In her rush to escape before angry words poured from her lips and shamed her, she made the horrible mistake of taking the teacup with her.

Your father’s gypsy blood ruins you, makes you unruly, makes you as wild and impossible as him. Those bitter words, her uncle’s, rang loudly in her head. He tried to beat the willfulness from her, ruling her with a heavy hand those three weeks out of the year when she was forced to endure living with him.

You’re just a passionate child. Aunt Winnie, always trying everything she could to fill the void only the return of her mother or father could truly repair, would coddle May in her arms, humming a sweet tune while a much younger, painfully innocent May wept. There is nothing wrong with passion.

Yet there was. May learned under the heat of disapproving tonnish glares, wielded by some of the most imposing society matrons, to dampen her spirit, to fade—like her gowns—into something colorless, nearly transparent. She carried the crime of her father’s birth with her everywhere. Not until her entrance into society did she understand the weight of the burden or the discouragement her Uncle Sires felt when he looked upon her. Only after she came of age did her dreams of marrying a man who could love her as passionately as her father loved her mother disappear.

Her birth, her looks, her lack of fortune, and her very manner frightened eligible men away. Gradually, she and her aunt exchanged positions and May became the caretaker, a lady’s companion. An honorable profession for a woman destined for spinsterhood.

In time, May grew accustomed to her role. She took pride in providing for Aunt Winnie in the same loving manner she’d been raised. There was no room in her life for a husband, not with the full-time responsibility of caring for her aunt, running the small household, and accompanying her to an exhausting string of teas, balls, exhibitions, and dinners.

As for a family—what woman didn’t long for children? But her heart was full. She had the love of her aunt and of her friend, Iona. And that was enough. It would be greedy to ask for more.

The only need in her life was time. She fingered Viscount Evers’ teacup, recalling just how he’d humiliated her. I have no interest in squabbles of this sort, he’d said, belittling the amount of pride May had had to swallow in order to enter his home like a beggar. He’d refused out-of-hand to hear how she’d already forced down a whole pantry-full of pride when she’d petitioned her uncle for funds after the fretful Mr. Thomas, the local banker, explained how the courts had seized her parent’s money.

Two and a half months had already passed, and still no word or reply from her uncle.

If it were just May’s fate in question, she’d understand his disinterest. But Aunt Winnie was Uncle Sires’ eldest sister. He always appeared in awe of Winnie and, even, faintly wary of her opinion. Absent siblings of her own, May had nothing to compare it with. Yet, she assumed his behavior a form of brotherly affection.

So why turn his back on Winnie now, when she needed him most?

She and her aunt were caught between the indifference of two men, that’s what. May chewed her bottom lip, uncomfortable with the feeling of being beholden to any man. She carefully placed the viscount’s stray teacup on her dressing table next to her brush.

That silly teacup. What the viscount must think of her! She crossed the room to the velvet cord, thinking to call the housekeeper and ask her to return the cup posthaste. Her hand had just touched the cord when she heard a clamor rise below and the rumble of horses.

She peered out the tall floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out into the small front garden, the street, and the fashionable Sydney Gardens. A carriage, bearing an intricate golden crest emblazoned on the door, swayed as it stopped in front of their humble cottage.

May reached for her throat, uncertain of what to do.

What could it mean for him to come here? This was most unexpected. She rushed a brush through her hair, despairing at the stray curls already pulling free from the pins, a regular condition only worsened by the rainy weather.

There’d be no time to change her damp gown. Aunt Winnie would need assistance preparing for company.

May glanced out the window one last time and watched a liveried footman with a dark umbrella in hand open the carriage door with measured purpose. She stiffened her spine—this would just have to be endured—and set off downstairs in search of her aunt.





Chapter 3

The rains had died away and the heavy clouds parted just enough to allow a sparkling ray of sunlight to pass through to the city. That moment, the first break in a storm, usually calmed May’s heart. It was in that magical instant she felt closest to the mother and father who were as elusive as the sunlight.

Today, May could only spare a wistful glance to the sky from the parlor window. The storm, it seemed, hadn’t truly passed but only moved inside.

Their guest paced the length of the parlor. Dressed in gray breeches with a long black coat fashioned from broadcloth, his heavy body filled the room. He hadn’t arrived alone, either.

Uncle Sires, the eighth Earl of Redfield, had brought with him a stranger. Mr. Tumblestone, a finely dressed gentleman as portly as Aunt Winnie’s lazy tomcat and nearly as old as her uncle, smiled fondly on May while he was presented to her. He took her hand in his and pressed his rather large set of lips to her gloved knuckles.

With introductions out of the way, family members inquired after, and tea sent for, Uncle Sires took to strolling about the parlor again while Mr. Tumblestone settled into a tapestry-covered seat. Aunt Winnie, panting from too much excitement, allowed May to assist her to her favorite chair near the fire.

Her uncle’s sharp gaze missed nothing. His frown lengthened as he took notice of Winnie’s weakened condition. Nothing appeared to please him, in fact. He paused to inspect a silver four-stemmed candleholder set on the mantel. He lifted the piece, turning it in his hand. The expensive wax candles had been burned down all the way to their nubs. Though the silver was polished, the cheaply made candleholder was dented from years of use in a string of households. He wiggled a stem. May held her breath, praying the brittle metal wouldn’t snap under the force of his hand.

He sniffed—a haughty sound—and set the candleholder down. His roaming gaze surveyed the women while Portia, the housekeeper, carried in a tea tray piled with an assortment of sweetmeats, cookies, and toast.

“Thank you,” May said with a kind smile. The unexpected guests had sent Portia into a flurry of activity in the kitchen. Uncle Sires’ arrival, so near to the approaching dinner hour, made one wonder not only if he expected to be fed, but also if he expected to be housed for the night. And not just him.

There was that stranger, Mr. Tumblestone, with him.

“So this is the cottage you wrote to me about,” Uncle Sires said, raking the room with his gaze. The parlor had always felt cozy. Today, under the cloud of her uncle’s glower, it merely felt impossibly small, inadequate.

“You wrote to your uncle?” Aunt Winnie inclined her head toward May. She sounded genuinely baffled. “Why ever didn’t you tell me?” Winnie’s surprise wasn’t unfounded. May never wrote her uncle without her aunt’s prodding.

“I didn’t wish to worry you, Aunt Winnie,” May said and then hesitated. Mr. Tumblestone had leaned forward in his chair—a chair conveniently positioned next to May’s—and appeared far too keen on listening to what promised to be a painfully private family matter.

For once Uncle Sires seemed to approve of her reluctance. “I see my niece is quite the gardener. If I recall properly, she does have an uncommon flare with roses.” He pointed to a small plot just outside the parlor window.

May had tried to encourage a collection of roses to climb an arbor in their tiny garden, allowing bushes of pale pink cabbage roses to intermingle with the white and pale yellow Albas. Her efforts created a tangle of vines heavy with blooms. The flowers were suitable for flower arrangements. They were not, not by any stretch of the imagination, a garden showpiece.

“Perhaps you would like to take a closer look.” In typical Uncle Sires form, the request was presented like a royal command.

Mr. Tumblestone fidgeted nervously for a moment. Drawing his wide lips into a closed-mouthed smile, he directed the strange expression at May and then upon Aunt Winnie. “I think I would enjoy inspecting the blooms.” His smile returned to May, and his watery gaze lingered on her body for several uncomfortable moments. “I am a great lover of beauty.”

He stood then, gave Uncle Sires a knowing nod, and excused himself to go wander outside. May breathed a sigh of relief when the parlor door closed behind him. Something about his manner, like a man starving for sustenance, put her nerves on edge.

“Someone will explain,” Aunt Winnie demanded. Though her heart might be growing weak, her resolve was as strong as ever. “Why would you have correspondences with Sires without my knowledge? And why, Sires, did you bring this man into my house?”

May rushed to her aunt’s side. She crouched down beside the chair, positioning herself between her uncle and Winnie with the hopes of shielding her aunt from hearing anything too upsetting. Winnie placed her hand in May’s. Her aging skin felt thinner than the finest muslin.

“I only meant to protect you,” May said when Uncle Sires opened his mouth to speak. “You must understand that.” May could not imagine a world without Aunt Winnie. She’d do anything to protect the sole person whose love persisted as a sunny constant in her life.

She turned to her uncle. His scowl deepened when their eyes met. “There was no need for you to come all this way over a trifling,” she said.

“Hush, May.” Aunt Winnie’s gentle voice belied the rebuke. She intended to be included in the discussion. The only clue of her aunt’s budding exasperation were the light blotches of color appearing low on her throat. “Sires, you may speak.”

“The child wrote to me asking for money.” Very rarely did Uncle Sires use May’s name. To him, regardless of her age she was forever the child, spoken with a healthy dose of sulfur.

“Is this true?” Aunt Winnie asked of May. “Did something happen to your parents’ funds?”

“The child’s parents are dead,” Uncle Sires announced before May could think of how to explain the situation without worrying her aunt.

Winnie gasped at the horrible news and clutched May’s hand.

“They are not dead,” May said. Her voice sounded shrill like a petulant youth’s. She cleared her throat. “They may not have written for many years, Uncle. Beyond that, there is no evidence that anything is amiss.”

“The child understandably refuses to accept the truth. They were last seen entering a dangerous jungle in South America seven years and five months ago. In light of that and the painful fact no one since saw them leave, I petitioned the courts to dispense with the legal matter of declaring them dead.”

Her aunt squeezed May’s hand, pinching it—a subtle reminder for May to hold her temper.

“I do not understand, Sires,” Winnie said. Her weary gaze hardened. “What does this have to do with May’s request for money? Her parents’ funds should still provide her with a sufficient income.”

“Uncle Sires had the courts seize control of the money, Aunt.” May could not keep the anger from her voice.

Nor could Winnie. “What is the meaning of this?”

“As you know the child’s mother—”

“Our youngest sister, Viola,” Winnie corrected.

“Yes, yes. Our grandmother’s inheritance went solely into Viola’s name. Absent a will, there are questions surrounding the inheritance. I have asked the courts to take control of the funds until the questions are resolved.”

“And who, besides May, do you believe is entitled to Viola’s fortune?”

“I am, of course. As head of this family, it is only right that I should control the purse strings. A romantic fool, our grandmother, to bestow a fortune to an errant granddaughter. Viola besmirched the family name by marrying that gypsy bastard against my wishes. What assurances do I have that this child won’t act in the same manner? With the promise of a fortune, there is many a blackguard who’d woo the child into some scandalous marriage with false proclamations of love.”

“May would never fall for such trickery.” Aunt Winnie freed her hand from May’s and rose. “She has a level-head on her shoulders. She economizes with that money and has never sought to spend frivolously, unless for my benefit.” She closed the distance between Sires and herself, approaching like an ancient dragon. Her careful steps lent her a rare grace. Winnie normally leaned heavily on a cane or May’s arm. May knew well how it took all her aunt’s concentration to walk unassisted.

She feared the exertion would prove too great a strain on Winnie’s heart.

“Now, Winnie.” Sires retreated a step. “I only have the family’s best interests at heart—even the child’s.”

“Do you? And what did you intend her to do without access to her parents’ money? Will you have her grovel for crumbs? She’s a proud woman. She shouldn’t have to beg.”

“No, no. I would never allow that.” Sires retreated another step.

“And what of me? What did you expect would happen to me without May’s care? I have never possessed a fortune of my own. Will I too be forced to beg?”

Sires stepped back again only to find he’d reached a wall. He sighed deeply and held his hands out in front of him, as if trying to hold Winnie back. “Listen, you know I would never hurt you. I miss you, in fact. I want you to come back to Redfield Abbey with me.” His gaze traversed the room. “And I want you to move into my home here in Bath—with me tonight.”

He had a house here in Bath? The bounder! They’d made no secret of the necessity to move from their London townhouse to Bath. Aunt Winnie had been more than forthcoming with him regarding her failing health. He knew and yet never offered to open up the family home to them?

May pinched her lips together and prayed for calm. Uncle Sires denied his own sister the luxury of his property out of hatred for May—and the sins of her father’s bastard birth. A thousand times a bounder, he was.

“Please, Winnie. Let me see to your care.” His voice slid as smooth as honey off his deceitful tongue. He lowered his hands, no longer trying to hold his sister back but lure her closer.

“But what is to become of May?” Aunt Winnie asked. She gave a nervous glance over her shoulder to where May stood, still half in shock.

“Why, she’ll marry, of course.”

“Marry? But she has no prospects, no suitors. She’s not had the opportunity to pursue that avenue.” Tears appeared in Aunt Winnie’s eyes. Her button nose and round cheeks bloomed a bright red. “She’s spent nearly every waking hour taking care of me. You worry she’ll make a hasty marriage, and then you ask her to do just that?”

“But she must marry,” he said as if May wasn’t in the room or, possibly, too brainless to understand. “Look at her. She’s nearly on the shelf. Before our foolish sister ran off with that crazed gypsy and abandoned her child into our care, she dreamed of the day her babe would marry. Besides, the child’s too headstrong to sink gracefully into the background as you have done, dear Winnie. She needs a man with an iron will to care for her.”

He gave a meaningful glance out the parlor window to where the graying Mr. Tumblestone was making a show of admiring May’s vibrant yellow and pale pink roses.

May could see it in her uncle’s eyes then. The man truly believed he was doing her a great kindness. He smiled as he spoke. “In fact, I have already taken it upon myself to select a suitable gentleman for precisely that task.”

* * * *

“He means to marry you off to a decrepit old man?” Lady Iona’s ice blue eyes couldn’t possibly open any wider.

“I don’t believe he is decrepit.” Though his skin appeared as fragile as Aunt Winnie’s and twice as mottled with unusually shaped liver-colored moles, he moved with the energy of a man half his age.

May swallowed hard, remembering the intimate way Mr. Tumblestone leered at her upon his departure, his hungry gaze not reaching her eyes, his cod-shaped lips moistening. “He is most certainly old,” May whispered.

Iona linked arms with May as they continued to promenade around the interior of the Pump Room, tilting their heads in greeting to acquaintances. Aunt Winnie sat on a cushioned bench near the grand fountain that circulated the sulfur waters prescribed by doctors as a curative for just about every ailment.

The water smelled sour, not much different than eggs left sitting in the sun for too long. Despite her aunt’s constant persuasions, May refused to taste a sip.

Their morning schedule rarely varied. They’d arrive at the Pump Room at eight in the morning, early enough to avoid the thickest crowds, yet late enough to mingle with some of the most influential members of society, which included Iona and several of her unmarried sisters. Iona’s family, led by the respected Duke of Newbury, were all the rage this season, being the highest ranking family to choose Bath over the more popular summer destinations of Brighton or Scotland.

Before anything else, May would first help her aunt to a comfortable bench and then fetch three glasses of the water, the generally prescribed number to drink a day. Winnie took her time sipping the foul liquid while speaking with friends from her youth. When she had drained the glasses, May would offer her arm as support and the two women would take a turn through the marble interior of the Pump Room, spending more time visiting with members of the ton than getting any sort of vigorous exercise.

This morning when May offered her arm, Aunt Winnie had declined. She claimed she wished to save her energies for the evening’s fancy ball at the Upper Rooms. May believed otherwise. Her uncle’s surprise appearance had upset Winnie. She appeared paler than usual, her eyes hazy.

It was Aunt Winnie who’d suggested May stroll with Lady Iona in her stead. May accepted the suggestion gratefully, desperate for a private moment with her closest friend.

She related the whole story to Iona, including how she’d been too shocked to object, too shocked to do anything but promise to accompany her uncle and Mr. Tumblestone to chapel that afternoon and then stroll along Pulteney Street.

“You cannot agree to this marriage. It is barbaric.” Iona’s hold on May’s arm tightened. Whenever matters became sticky, Iona would cling to the nearest female object. May rather appreciated the close contact.

“I don’t have many options. Uncle Sires has made quite certain of that by taking my parents’ money away. He did relent and agree to pay the past three months’ rent to the viscount, claiming it was the only proper thing to do.”

May had lain awake in bed the night before, trying to think of another course of action. Although overdue rents would be paid, Uncle Sires had been most adamant about not paying any future bills. A woman without a shilling to her name didn’t have many options.

“I could seek a position as a lady’s companion or governess if I can convince Aunt Winnie to go against her brother’s wishes and provide me with a reference.”

“Oh no, you mustn’t do that!” Iona squeezed May’s arm so tightly May’s fingers turned numb. “You mustn’t take a position or marry or do anything rash that will take you away from me! Perhaps Papa—”

A burgundy-smooth voice interrupted. “I beg your pardon, ladies.”

Iona was the first to turn to greet the speaker. “My lord.” A graceful smile froze on her lips. A deep red blush spread all the way up to the roots of her hair.

Disquieted by her friend’s reaction, May turned around. “My lord,” she gasped.

Viscount Evers looked as fierce as the devil, dressed in a black high-collared, cut-away short coat. His cream vest wasn’t fully buttoned, a common style among the wildest rakes. His tan trousers were loose-fitted, casual. His sharp features and jade-colored gaze bore down on her in a most oppressive manner. Why ever would he address her—here—in public? Would he call her out for yesterday’s shocking behavior?

May took a step back, as if retreat could stave off trouble. It wasn’t so much herself she was worried about. Her life was nothing—meaningless. Iona, dear precious, always proper Iona, would be in a world of trouble if her father, the duke, ever learned about their most improper unescorted visit to the viscount’s home. “Please, my lord,” May said, lowering her voice. She was prepared to play the part of withering female and eat a king’s portion of humble pie to safeguard her friend’s reputation.

She didn’t get the chance.

As if trying to prove her uncle’s belief that there was something innately unacceptable about her, her foot slipped. A small puddle of water spilt by some careless drinker made the marble floor under May’s feet slick. Her foot shot out from under her and before she could catch herself, the toe of her slipper became entangled within the folds of her gown’s long skirt. May pitched forward and fully expected to humiliate herself in front of the utterly grim Viscount Evers.

Time slowed. She watched as he stepped forward and spread his arms like a lover greeting some long lost key to his heart. He caught her, his gloved hands curling delightfully around her shoulders in an attempt to save her.

He teetered, his fingers digging into her skin as he struggled to gain his faltering balance. His injured leg could barely support his own weight much less hold up against a clumsy cow such as herself. How nobly stupid of him to rush to her rescue.

Not until that moment did May realize he wasn’t very tall. He was much taller than most women, yes. But he didn’t tower over her like some men, which at the moment was probably a very good thing. Many a time her aunt had swayed, just as the viscount swayed now—a fall imminent. She had never allowed her aunt to fall, and since the viscount was so doggedly determined to save her, May planted her feet and used her strength to help steady him.

“Bloody hell.” His jade gaze simmered with anger once they had both found a solid footing. He released her arms and took a hasty step backward. His jaw tightened as he gritted his teeth and fought gravity’s pull on his injured leg.

May refused to be shocked by the foul language he’d muttered only loudly enough for her hearing. Her aunt had been known to spew far worse after such a close call. Infirmities had to be terribly humbling.

That’s not to say she didn’t feel a slight burning in her cheeks. She had so much to be embarrassed about—the near public stumble brought the room’s gazes upon her. A man’s cursing couldn’t possibly aggravate her already mortified state.

“I say.” Lord Nathan Wynter advanced, white-faced, from where he had stood chatting with Lady Lillian, Iona’s very fair, very beautiful younger sister, and her doting mamma. He darted a distrustful eye in May’s direction. “Are you quite well, Evers? Shall I summon a sedan chair to carry you home?” He waved the cane in his hand, trying in a most obvious manner to get Viscount Evers to take the prop.

“Get that away from me, Wynter,” the viscount forced from behind clenched teeth.

May stiffened and so did Viscount Evers—visibly so. Lord Nathan’s rush to assistance only rubbed salt into a prideful man’s wounds.

A crowd was beginning to form. Questions poured out from helpful friends and the merely curious minded. May’s cheeks felt firebranded singed beyond repair. She could feel the viscount’s humiliation as if it were her own.

This was her fault. Grace and elegance, such important traits for a proper lady, were foreign elements in her limbs. Hadn’t her uncle, her governess, and many of the ton’s matrons declared it to be so?

May held up her hands to quiet the crowd to a dull murmur. “I must thank you, my lord,” she said loudly enough for everyone nearby to hear. “My careless ankles are forever putting me in impossible situations. If not for your quick actions, I believe I would now be sprawled on the floor, hopelessly tangled in yards of muslin. You have my humblest gratitude for saving me from such a horrific fate.” She gave him a sweet smile, bowed her head, and curtsied deeply.

The women in the crowd nodded with smug satisfaction. Several of the town tabbies vocally agreed with her assessment. The scene ended as quickly as it had begun with members of the haut ton wandering off and returning to their own sphere of concerns.

Only Lady Iona, her younger sister, the very pale, very lovely Lady Lillian, Lord Nathan, and the viscount remained behind, their gazes directed generally toward May. Lady Lillian quickly turned from May and beamed—quite unabashedly—up at Viscount Evers.

He gave the group a cursory glance before capturing May’s gloved hand in his own. His brows crinkled as his expression darkened. He pulled her a step closer to him, holding her a hair’s breadth away from improperly close.

“Madam,” he said, his voice a low scold, “what are you about?”





Chapter 4

“What am I about?” Miss Sheffers tilted her head back till her bonnet hung at a precarious angle, much in danger of falling off. She glared up at Radford with those haunting violet eyes. Her nose wrinkled in concert with her frown.

What was she about? Such a simple question, yet he doubted it was one she could answer.

Madness must have possessed him to wonder about such a fairyland creature. Why else would he have approached Miss Sheffers and Lady Iona Newbury but for a freak onset of madness? He’d been speaking with Lady Lillian, trying his hand at flirting outrageously—a safe undertaking under the watchful eye of the young lady’s mamma—when he caught sight of Miss Sheffers. She was wearing another worn dress, faded pink in hue. Her russet hair, a riot of curls, was barely contained under a straw bonnet.

As Lady Lillian spoke softly about a gown she had recently purchased, Radford had found his attention drawn to the rather elfish Miss Sheffers. She’d appeared to be in the middle of a serious tête-à-tête with her friend, Lady Iona. An eerie darkness cast a shadow over her expression.

Miss Sheffers was troubled?

Of course she was. Only a half-wit wouldn’t be troubled with a writ of eviction hanging over her head. The lady was in imminent danger of being tossed out on the street. A fey creature such as she might be tempted into taking a foolish action—like forcing her way into a bachelor’s home.

With a wave of his hand, he could save her.

He had hobbled over to impulsively do just that when both women turned and gazed upon him as if he were the devil risen from hell with the smell of brimstone still fresh on his clothes. And that was when all hell actually did break loose . . .

Radford shuddered at the memory. His cursed leg had failed him before he could utter two coherent words to the lady. Though he had tried to save her from falling—she ended up saving him. Humiliation flooded his veins.

What was she about?

She’d added insult to his humiliation by taking the full blame, by making herself look the fool.

“I don’t welcome your help or your pity, madam,” he said to her, his anger growing as he conjured up the only reason she would have fallen on the sword for him—him, the villain evicting her from her home.

Pity.

She pitied the poor, helpless cripple.

“I am quite capable of taking care of myself. I don’t need an insignificant speck of a lady on the brink of disgrace and disaster as a champion.”

“Very well.” She twisted her wrist, trying to wrench free from his iron hold without drawing attention to herself. She blinked furiously when he refused to break his hold. “Very well,” she said again, her voice growing husky. She swallowed hard. “I will never deign to assist you again, my lord. Flames may spew from your head and I would not spare you a drop of water.”

He enjoyed far too much the spirited way she fought him. His body heated as he entertained visions of playing the part of a villainous count set on dragging this uncommon fairy princess back to his lair. Then he might slay her with passionate kisses on those satiny lips of hers and perhaps do much more than that . . .

Good Lord, he was mad.

He let his fingers slip away from her delicate wrist.

“I say,” Wynter drawled. He inserted himself between the sputtering, yet somehow utterly sensual, Miss Sheffers and Radford, hooking his arm with the latter. “I do beg your pardon, Miss Sheffers, ladies. Evers and I have a morning appointment and we mustn’t be late.”

They had nothing of the sort. But Radford understood his friend’s motives and agreed. Something about Miss Sheffers’ manner drew out the rogue in him. Such uncontrolled behavior couldn’t be borne.

He had a wife to find, not a mistress.

In light of that, he bowed and gave his excuses, purposefully flattering the young, flowery Lady Lillian before taking his leave. For Lady Lillian, not some impoverished wood elf with a questionable heritage, satisfied the qualifications on his marriage list. The lady would prove an unquestionably acceptable viscountess and no doubt produce a brood of unquestionably acceptable children.

* * * *

Uncle Sires and Mr. Tumblestone arrived at May’s and Aunt Winnie’s little cottage a few minutes before noon to accompany them to afternoon chapel services. The two perfectly matched black carriage horses with white blazes on their foreheads snorted and pawed the cobbled road, anxious to be moving again.

May eyed them carefully. It wasn’t in her nature to trust such great beasts, preferring to travel under the power of her own two feet. Though they may not always be reliable, she felt confident that she could keep her own feet from running away in a panic as she’d seen some carriage horses do on the noisy London streets.

If not for Aunt Winnie’s health, May might have spoken up and suggested a stroll. For her aunt, she bit her tongue and lent her shoulder to help guide Winnie to her uncle’s carriage.

Aunt Winnie wrapped herself in a wool shawl and shivered in the stiff summer breeze.

“Are you certain you shouldn’t stay home?” May asked for the third time.

Winnie looked drained. The lines on her face were more deeply etched than ever before, and she leaned on May’s arm with nearly all her weight as they made the long walk to the carriage. “I am convinced God would not ask you to risk your health in this manner.”

“Poppycock.” Winnie bristled. Struggling, she took a few steps before reaching out again for May’s assistance. “I may be tired, but I am by no means an invalid.”

There was no hope for it. Aunt Winnie would climb out of her deathbed rather than miss afternoon services and have her friends guess the extent of her ailing health. May tried her best, but the old bird had an unbreakable will of her own.

In that, they were kindred spirits.

Only, May’s strong spirit was beginning to feel the strain of responsibility. The morning post had brought a letter from her father’s solicitor in reply to a desperate plea she’d made over a week earlier. He’d written that despite his disapproval of her uncle’s actions to declare her parents dead, he could do nothing legally to put a stop to it. So, unless her parents appeared on the next boat landing in London, May would have to find another source of funds.

All she wanted was to keep Aunt Winnie safe and happy and to hold on to the content, albeit slightly dull, life she led.

She would just have to find a way . . . and be more discreet the next time she decided to act. That rogue, the slightly unhinged Viscount Evers, only compounded her troubles. She was still reeling over the shabby way he’d treated her in the Pump Room before turning to Lady Lillian and lavishing all those pretty compliments on the lady’s ears.

He was a scoundrel, a villain. She’d find no help from that quarter.

As always, she would have to rely on her own survival instincts. They got her through a bumpy come-out and through her required visits with her uncle. She was confident her sharp instincts would see her through this current crisis.

Her mind was still working on that very problem as she helped her aunt climb into the carriage. She felt hemmed in within the contraption after her uncle and Mr. Tumblestone climbed in behind her and filled the small, darkened space.

As the carriage carried them to the small chapel adjacent to The Circus where Uncle Sires owned a house, the conversation focused on Aunt Winnie’s health.

“I have contacted the most respected doctor in London, Winnie. He has agreed to travel here within the week to see you,” Uncle Sires said. “I wish to have you settled in my home before he arrives.”

Aunt Winnie gave May’s hand a squeeze. “I am happy at the cottage. I do not desire to move anywhere.”

Uncle Sires flicked a glance toward May and frowned. “I understand your attachment to the child. But you will have to let her go. She has her own life to live, do you not agree?”

“Of course she does, but—”

“You will be happy with me, Winnie. You will want for nothing. I have been remiss, letting you flounder so near poverty with May. But I have made plans to change that. Everything has been decided. You will see. This is for the best.”

No one in the carriage could argue the point. Uncle Sires had the wealth of Croesus. No longer would Aunt Winnie need to drink watery tea while nibbling on day-old cakes. She would have everything. The best.

Wasn’t her uncle’s offer also May’s fondest wish for her aunt come true?

After church, Uncle Sires directed the carriage to carry Aunt Winnie back to the cottage for a rest while he chaperoned Mr. Tumblestone and May on a walking tour of Bath.

“Give it time. We need to let the relationship bloom,” May overheard Uncle Sires telling Aunt Winnie just before the carriage jerked into motion.

Mr. Tumblestone strolled beside May along a stretch of shops on Pulteney Street. Like a man who’d never visited a city as large as Bath, he had expressed a keen interest to walk the famed Pulteney Bridge. May didn’t have it in her heart to deny him, even if she were given the chance. Uncle Sires led the way with Mr. Tumblestone and May lagging just a step behind.

All and all, the elderly Mr. Tumblestone acted a complete gentleman, doing nothing to force her attentions. He spoke in docile tones and made an effort to include May in the conversation, asking her opinion and occasionally pausing to admire a dressmaker’s elegant gowns or some fine piece of metalwork in a shop window.

Unlike the previous dreary day, the sun hung high in the cloudless sky and a cool breeze eased the summer heat. Everything was perfect, absolutely perfect.

So why did May silently pray for the earth to open up and swallow her whole?

This was every woman’s dream—to find a kind man willing to marry her. This could be the beginning of a new adventure and perhaps even her shot at finding her happily-ever-after.

“One has to work to find it,” Aunt Winnie once told May. “You cannot sit idle and hope happiness will discover you. It takes courage and a heart filled with faith to find one of life’s most precious treasures.”

“Why haven’t you ever found happiness, Aunt?” the impertinent child May of years ago had baldly asked.

“Haven’t I?” Winnie had given May a hug then. But even a child could see the regret reflected in her eyes.

“Remember, dear. It takes a heart filled with faith,” her aunt had whispered in May’s ear just an hour ago before leaving May to spend the rest of the afternoon with Uncle Sires and Mr. Tumblestone.

Faith. May blinked up at Mr. Tumblestone. His round cheeks did hold a certain merriment. His clothing was the height of fashion. Though he was missing a few teeth, his breath smelled clean. If only he wasn’t so old.

“Mr. Tumblestone is a neighbor of mine,” Uncle Sires said as they strolled about the Pulteney Bridge.

Cozy homes and apartments had been built upon the wide bridge, lining both sides. The only evidence suggesting they were standing on an arched bridge-way were the glass-domed pavilions crowning the ends.

“He lives not more than a thirty-minute carriage drive away from Redfield Abbey. You will never be far from Winnie, you see.”

Uncle Sires was proud of himself. May could see it in the sparkle of his brown eyes. He was doing his duty as head of the family, taking care of its members to the best of his ability—whether they appreciated it or not.

Oh, how low May felt at that moment. The night before she had cursed her uncle and his scheming ways, convinced his actions were aimed at stealing her parents’ small fortune.

She saw now how wrongly she’d judged him.

With a grand sweep of his arm and a wink, Uncle Sires directed May and Mr. Tumblestone into a small shop that sold ices and paid for the cool treats without hesitation. What May considered a fortune had to be naught more than mere pocket change to a man as wealthy as her uncle. She was guilty of doing what so many had done to her, judging without taking the time to look beyond the surface.

May set aside her spoon and smiled up at Mr. Tumblestone. “Please, sir,” she said, her dream of one day finding a handsome, young prince fading, “please tell me all about your home.”





Chapter 5

That evening lights twinkled high in the street lanterns as crowds dressed in their best finery promenaded toward the fancy ball held in the Upper Assembly Room. May had purchased a season subscription to all the balls and concerts, knowing how such events pleased her aunt. The fancy ball, held every Thursday night during the summer, was Aunt Winnie’s favorite and in turn May’s.

Uncle Sires and Mr. Tumblestone escorted the two women to the spectacular event. They arrived in her uncle’s carriage, making quite an impression with the ton. Her uncle’s presence was greeted with warmth and genuine enthusiasm. Since titled gentry were scarce in Bath this year—the most fashionable choosing to follow Prinny to Brighton—even an old bachelor like the Earl of Redfield created quite a stir.

Mr. Tumblestone, by association, was fawned over shamelessly by many of the matrons, who twittered like schoolgirls as they gathered around the two new faces. Mr. Tumblestone’s manner shined as he charmed the older women while never failing to keep an attentive eye on May.

Though she felt nothing more than a faint gratitude toward him, May had to admit the aging Tumblestone did cut a handsome mark dressed in a shimmering pale green satin coat trimmed with the softest forest green velvet. He looked younger and slightly thinner draped in such expensive fabrics.

May felt quite the dowd promenading through the Upper Rooms beside such a finely turned-out gentleman. She had donned her second-best gown, a ruby ermine trimmed pelisse worn over a rather simple white satin gown with matching ruby colored flounces dancing down the front. The outfit was topped with a Henry the Eighth hat of ruby velvet sporting two white feathers pinned to the front. The hat was an extravagance Aunt Winnie had insisted she purchase. Though the neckline of her gown was modest compared to current fashions, May felt uncomfortable. Her rather embarrassingly full breasts pulled the material tight.

Her unseemly shape must have embarrassed Mr. Tumblestone as well. His watery gaze slipped toward her bosom more than once as they processed through the Octagon Room to enter the long ballroom.

The ballroom never failed to take May’s breath away. From the high ceiling hung five glass chandeliers that provided a dazzling light for the room. Adding to the brilliance, two gilt-framed looking glasses at each end of the ballroom redoubled the chandeliers’ glow. The whole of the ballroom was lined with Corinthian columns and entablatures resembling statuary marble.

Whenever she came here, May liked to imagine herself stepping back in time to ancient Rome—to a place where no one knew the circumstances of her birth or the abandonment by her parents. She’d spent many an hour reading about fantastic ancient places. Surely this ballroom rivaled any ancient Roman palace in its magnificence.

Yet no matter how comfortable the fantasy of faraway places and nameless heroes, May couldn’t allow herself the luxury of such dreams this evening, nor could she fade into the background. Her mission was clear. For her aunt’s sake, she had to please Mr. Tumblestone and convince him to agree to marriage with her.

She danced two country-dances with him and two more with her uncle. All the while her gaze raked the crowd. Her heart beat an unsteady rhythm as she continued searching.

“Whom ever are you watching for?” Aunt Winnie asked partway through the evening.

Until that moment, May had not realized that she had been craning her neck to peer through the thick crowd.

Whom indeed was she searching for? Certainly not that despicable Viscount Evers. Why ever would she be interested in him?

“No one, Aunt,” she said, forcing her eyes to keep steady on one point. “Why, there are just so many people here dressed in such a splendid array of colors.”

“Poppycock!” Aunt Winnie scolded. “Lying is so unbecoming, May. This night is no different than the week before, nor the week before that. In fact, these events are fast becoming quite a bore. Who has turned your head?”

“No one has.” May felt her face heat. “No one of import.” Definitely not the dashing Lord Evers.

“Mr. Tumblestone appears quite taken with you this evening, does he not?”

May caught herself before giving into the temptation of peering around the crowded room again. Although the viscount often attended, he rarely lingered long in the ballroom. For a rake like Evers, the card room better filled his needs. Certainly she wasn’t searching for the viscount, was she?

“Yes, he does,” she answered absently.

“And what do you think of him?” her aunt asked. “Do you think he would be able to make you happy?”

“No,” May answered thoughtlessly.

Did she spot the viscount’s square shoulder through the crowd? No, that gentleman with the stark black coat was Mr. Rankcor, a happily married London banker.

Aunt Winnie’s pursed lips and carefully set frown startled May back to reality. Winnie cared as deeply for May’s happiness as May cared for Winnie’s. And Winnie would willingly move to Redfield Abbey to live in luxury with her brother if she was confident that May was happily settled. If not for concern over May’s future, Winnie probably would have already agreed to let Uncle Sires care for her.

May fluttered her hands. “I mean, Aunt, I don’t really know Mr. Tumblestone, do I? He seems a very kind man.”

“He does.” Aunt Winnie sat back on her bench and peered out from half-lidded eyes. May felt as if her aunt’s gaze was trying to tease out the truth. “Marriage is an important decision, May. You would be wise to avoid doing anything rash.”

How could Aunt Winnie know that despite Mr. Tumblestone’s behavior being the model of propriety, May was already wracking her mind with plans to wiggle out of a marriage with him?

“I promise to consider all aspects of marriage before making a decision, Aunt.” She would have to marry Mr. Tumblestone . . . if only for Winnie’s happiness. No other man had ever offered.

“There is something you must know, dear.” Winnie leaned forward and whispered. “Before you make up your mind. You must understand—”

Mr. Tumblestone approached with a confident swagger. Winnie blushed prettily as she looked up and noticed his approach. Whatever May needed to understand must have slipped Winnie’s mind as she straightened her skirt and gave May’s suitor a welcoming nod.

Tumblestone smiled widely, his gaze lingering again on May’s embarrassing chest while he bowed. “The night grows late, ladies. It is nearly eleven o’clock. The last dance begins.” He offered Aunt Winnie his arm. “And yet, my dear woman, you have not yet danced a set.”

How kind Mr. Tumblestone was. How thoughtful of him to think her aunt in need of rescue. Aunt Winnie, who rarely danced a set since the onset of her illness, fluttered her hands and accepted graciously. She looked decades younger as she batted her lashes while accepting Mr. Tumblestone’s hand.

“Please be careful, Aunt,” May could not keep herself from warning. Country-dances contained vigorous moves. Winnie mustn’t overexert herself or her heart wouldn’t be able to take it.

“Oh, pooh! You worry overmuch. You’re no different than an old clucking hen sometimes. I daresay I’m strong enough to survive one mild dance,” Winnie said as Mr. Tumblestone led her out to the marble dance floor.

May settled on the wooden bench in the spot Aunt Winnie had vacated. Her gaze continued to search as she watched the last set of the night begin.

No prince appeared from the card room nor from deep within the crowd. Why should she expect him to? He never danced.

May swallowed hard and straightened her spine.

She was a fool, naught but a fool.

There were no magical princes lurking in the shadows . . . at least, none searching for her.





Chapter 6

“Tell me you haven’t sunk into a foul mood again,” Wynter demanded of Radford when he barged into the drawing room in typical Wynter fashion.

The two had avoided each other for most of the day after parting in anger the previous morning. After the incident in the Pump Room—which still left Radford cringing—Wynter had dressed him up and down, using language colorful enough to make the most hardened rough-and-tumble foot soldier flinch.

“Gentlemen, no matter how arrogant or high-in-the-instep, do not treat women as if they were naught but sotted servants,” Wynter had said finally.

Though Radford agreed, he refused to put voice to his holding the same opinion or to promise to change his ways. He merely professed a willingness to court the young Lady Lillian. A confession that sent Wynter into another rage.

“But, Wynter, you must see the benefits,” Radford had said with hopes to sooth his friend’s ire. He then patiently listed the lady’s qualifications. She was young, soft-spoken, fair-haired, born into a respected family, and known throughout England as an accomplished horsewoman.

“What else could a man want in a wife?” he asked.

What else, indeed?

To that question, Wynter simply could not give a coherent answer. And with them at such an impasse, they had parted ways.

Today, they’d plans to meet for drinks before escorting Radford’s mother to a private concert the Duke of Newbury was hosting. The lovely Lady Lillian had penned the invitation with her own hand, Radford had been told. All was moving forward smoothly with his plans to woo her properly.

Yet, this disagreement with Wynter left Radford feeling slightly askew. He wondered whether his friend would appear as planned or leave him to face the lovely lady and her mother on his own.

But sure as the rains, always dependable Wynter arrived on time. When Radford growled his regular greeting, Wynter, quite uncharacteristically, growled back.

Curse his foul moods. Try as he might, Radford couldn’t seem to settle his own flaring temper that evening. Perhaps it was because it wasn’t just his mood that pained him.

Radford had hurt more than his pride with his near fall in the Pump Room the day before. His foot throbbed with a devil’s vengeance. He’d retreated to the parlor that evening and propped up his foot on the sofa cushions while waiting for Wynter’s arrival.

“Once again, I find myself having to ask you to forgive me,” Radford said, grateful for the few friends who’d stayed with him despite his infirmities and sour moods. It wasn’t good form to snap at Wynter without a worthy cause. “It pleases me to see you willing to put up with a worthless blighter like me.”

“That tone is even more pitiful than your growl,” Wynter said while tugging on his waistcoat—a sure sign he was on the verge of losing his temper. “If you don’t stop feeling sorry for yourself, I will feel compelled to bash your head into the ground.”

“Bash his head—?” a missish voice preceded a delicately boned, fair-haired, willowy woman into the parlor. She was dressed in a pale peach silk sheath that hid how much weight she had lost in the past year. “I will allow no such violence in my home, young man.”

Wynter bowed his head. So did Radford. His mother was a beguiling force no man could resist.

“Lady Evers,” Wynter said. He swept across the room and took up her hand in his, brushing his lips across her knuckles. “May I say your beauty tonight puts the fragrant nosegay you hold to shame?”

“Flatterer,” she hissed. A smile creased her thin lips as she batted him away with her silken fan. The stresses of the past year had etched deep lines on her slender features. To lose a husband and watch her only son crippled by war within a span of a few months had taken a harsh toll. Radford thought it a wonder she could find it in her to smile at all.

“Are you certain you are up to the concert tonight, Mother?” Radford asked. He pulled his leg from its soft perch on the sofa and struggled to his feet.

Lady Evers rushed to his assistance, tugging on his arms and fluttering her hands about him. “What have you done with your cane? The doctors say you should use it. Look at you, ready to fall. My word, you will be the death of me.”

The fuss she made only pricked at his anger. But he could not turn his temper on her, not after all she had suffered and all the anguish his injuries had caused her so soon after his father’s death. So he once again turned his bitter tongue on his long-suffering friend.

“Is there not but mush in your nob, Wynter? Can you not even wipe that grin from your dreadful face long enough to put yourself to use?” Radford roared.

When he chanced a glance of his mother’s eyes after such an outburst he was horrified by what he saw. She never hid her feelings. Sorrow spilled over into a light sheen of tears.

“Please, Radford, try not to fuss so. You will surely make yourself ill again.” She believed him an invalid, unable to care for himself. Many a time she had complained how his valet was inadequate to see after his care. He needed to hire a nurse, she had told him for the sixth time just that morning at breakfast. The helplessness her loving care provoked only added flames to his fiery temper.

Wynter’s grin didn’t help either. “Looking to put three sheets to the wind before introducing your mother to the woman you have decided to marry, eh Evers?”

“Go to the devil,” Radford roared, forgetting for a moment his mother’s delicate ears.

Lady Evers released Radford immediately. Her cheeks flooded with color. “Is this true?” she whispered the question as if afraid she had heard Wynter wrong.

Radford huffed and tripped his way to the sideboard. He hadn’t planned on involving his mother in his courting process, at least not so soon. She would be sorely disappointed if he failed. Thanks to his friend—he sent Wynter a killing glance—his mother would undoubtedly put all her energies into seeing the deed done.

“I have not exactly decided to marry her, Mother.” It was a hopeless gesture. Her eyes were beaming brighter than the sun. He splashed a bit of brandy into a glass. “She barely knows me, in fact.”

“But she will have you,” Lady Evers said with determination. “She must. Who is this lady you have selected? I trust she is from a respectable family?”

“Oh yes,” Wynter answered before Radford could attempt to dissuade his mother from having him married and off to Scotland for his honeymoon before the evening was out. “Her father is the Duke of Newbury.”

“Newbury!” Lady Evers clutched her hands to her heart.

Her sudden look of rapture pleased Radford. He was doing the right thing. This marriage was exactly what his mother needed.

“There could not be a better choice. All of his daughters were raised to be proper ladies. Not an unseemly trait in the lot. I heartily approve of your choice. Heartily.”

She threw herself in his arms with such force his glass spilled and his lame leg bowed—reminding him. Lady Lillian might not be interested in marrying half a man.

“She has not accepted me, Mother,” he warned. “I have not even formally declared my interests.”

Nothing he could say could diminish her enthusiasm or quell her planning. In her mind, the marriage was a certainty.

“You will just have to pay a visit to the duke on the morrow to declare yourself, son.”

Wynter snickered and wisely stayed out of punching range. “Shall we depart? I daresay there is a certain Newbury daughter breathlessly awaiting your speedy appearance, Evers.”

Radford glowered. The thought of seeing Lady Lillian again and having to woo the pretty young thing made his stomach churn. She might not take to him. She was young and pretty. Surely, such a woman wouldn’t feel compelled to settle.

But what was he to do?

He straightened his shoulders and tugged on his dove gray gloves. The deed was done. He would not, no matter what he felt in his heart, disappoint his mother.

* * * *

The concert dragged at a painfully slow pace. Though the entertainment was first rate and the company friendly, May found maintaining her gracious smile a tiresome chore. Mr. Tumblestone fawned over her, her uncle scowled over her choice of gowns, and the fool Lord Evers flirted shamelessly with Lady Lillian.

She needed to escape . . . just for a moment . . . to catch her breath.

At an intermission, May slipped into the duke’s darkened library and swiftly closed the door behind her. She let out the breath she’d been holding and slumped against the door. This evening was intolerable.

“Perhaps I should call a constable, my pretty thief.”

From the far side of the room an ember blazed as it floated up the flue from the banked fire. Other than that brief light, darkness blanketed the room. The unmistakably smooth voice seemed to sink even deeper within the library’s depths.

Startled, May’s hands flew to her mouth. “Why ever for, my lord,” she replied, her gaze searching the gloom for the viscount. “I am a guest, not a thief.”

“Is that so? Then why is a delicate little cup missing from my china set?”

The blasted teacup! In the chaos of the last couple of days, she had completely forgotten to send her housekeeper around to return it.

“Did you shatter the poor thing into tiny pieces in a fit of rage?”

“Of course I did nothing of the sort.” May found no comfort in speaking to a gentleman under the complete cover of night. Especially a rogue . . . an incredibly handsome rogue who had persisted to haunt her unruly thoughts. Her hand curled around the door handle. Not generally a coward, tonight she was more than prepared to flee.

“If not a thief, what are you doing hiding in the darkness?” he asked.

Curiosity kept her hand from turning the doorknob. “What are you doing in the darkness?” she asked. “Do not forget, I was the one who found you in here. Not the other way around.”

The rustle of material alerted her to his approach. He was mere steps away from her and her thundering heart when a curtain parted and welcomed a beam of moonlight into the room.

“I was trying to find a moment’s peace,” he said and then sighed deeply. “And you?”

“The same,” she admitted.

“Ah.” He took a step closer. His sharply defined features were bathed in the ghostly pale light of the moon. “Our hosts would be horrified to learn of the reason for our escape.”

“I just needed a moment to collect my thoughts”—she rushed to explain—“not flee from anyone particular.”

“No? Not even from that droll Mr. Tumblestone?” His brows rose. He crossed his arms over his chest and presented a languid pose only properly executed by the most notorious of rakes. “He is what? Sixty years old? I shiver at the rumor that you are soon to be his bride.”

Was he mocking her?

“I wonder if Lady Lillian is shivering at the thought of you as a husband,” she returned cruelly.

A frightening look of pure anger tightened his lazy expression. His lips hardened into a thin line.

“I have struck a chord, have I?” Good. She was glad for her tongue’s accurate marksmanship. “Perhaps you’re only too aware that you’re old enough to be her father.” May wasn’t certain of the fact. She knew that Evers had passed his thirtieth year. For how many years, she could not guess.

“My age?” His grim expression relaxed. “You think my age frightens her as thoroughly as Mr. Tumblestone’s frightens you?” He laughed then, a low sound that rumbled in his throat. “You’ve overlooked one important fact, my pretty thief. I am a man in my prime. A man with lustful needs.”

May didn’t trust the wolfish gleam that suddenly brightened his eyes or the deepening pitch of his voice. She had read stories about men being transformed into beasts by the sight of a full moon. The situation coupled with an inordinate amount of moonlight pouring through the window was enough to make her wary.

A single woman should never be caught alone with a man, especially in an unlit room. Such an oversight in propriety could leave her reputation in tatters.

“My lord,” she whispered as he leaned forward, closing the gap between them. The pure scent of him, a refreshing blend of cheroot and vanilla, left her senses reeling.

He peeled off a glove. The rough pad of his thumb caressed her lower lip. She gasped, unable to catch her breath. Her mind could barely form a protest before his head dipped down and his lips captured hers.

At first, shock paralyzed her. She couldn’t pull away even if she had wanted to. Then, a deep heat rose up from low in her belly, melting her resolve . . . washing away any warring thoughts. She pressed her hand against his chest, thrilling in the raw sensations a kiss—naught but a simple kiss—could conjure in her.

* * * *

The caress wasn’t much more than a brush of her lips. Radford reined in his desire to run his tongue over her soft lips and tease open the entrance.

She’d tensed at his initial touch. He’d fully expected her to jerk her head away. The sensual sigh she breathed instead emboldened him. She wanted this kiss as much as he. When she pressed her hand against his shoulder, he took the cue and pulled her closer so their bodies could meld together.

Her fairy lips tasted of the sweetest nectar, stirring a mysterious, overpowering sensation in the center of his chest.

Ah, if only he could kiss those full, warm lips all night—but alas, that was not all he would be doing if he did not draw away . . . immediately . . . without a moment’s delay.

He tore his lips from hers but kept a firm grip on her shoulders. If the misty look on her shadowed expression was any indication, she was on the verge of a swoon.

“A thousand pardons, Miss Sheffers,” he whispered.

Her swollen lips remained pursed, invitingly kissable, as she stared upon him with befuddlement.

He realized then what he should have known right away by the tentative play of her lips against his. This woman . . . this four-and-twenty year old sensual woman had just experienced her first romantic kiss. He had awakened her body to the enticing pleasures of the flesh and she’d responded like a woman long starved for affection.

Her passions had stirred timidly at first, but they promised to burn hot enough to make his head spin.

Damnation. His passions were stirring as well.

“I should have never,” he said with a rush, though it was a lie. He regretted nothing. “I forgot myself . . . ” And the lovely Lady Lillian he planned to marry. “I do apologize.”

She blinked. A lusty glow softened her strange elf-like features. In the pale moonlight she looked otherworldly . . . almost beautiful.

He should have never started something in this darkened, leather-scented library that he could have no hope of continuing. Despite all her earthy allure, Miss Sheffers fell short of the qualifications he’d detailed on his list.

“You do understand?” He wondered if anything he had said had penetrated her foggy head.

She blinked again, this time clearing the innocent bedroom glaze from them. “I did not scream or slap your cheek, my lord, because I dearly wish to avoid a messy scene.” Her voice was husky and not without a tremble. “It was most inappropriate for you to have taken advantage of me like that . . . kissing me, indeed! I hope you do not attack other women who might have the misfortune of stumbling into an empty room with you.”

Her chin came up, and her features tightened into a prude’s scowl.

“My dear Miss Sheffers”—Radford could not help but chuckle—“I believe you did much more than refrain from protesting.”

Even in the dim light he could see the color of her tan cheeks deepen.

“I certainly did not—”

He pressed a finger to her mouth and silenced her protests as he indulged in one last pleasure and caressed those apple-sweet lips.

“You certainly did,” he whispered. He could feel her skin quiver in response to his touch and the sound of his voice. A hint of milky passion returned to her gaze.

She blinked it away. “Excuse me, my lord. I will be missed.”

Miss Sheffers ducked her head away from his gentle strokes and slipped out of the library.

And his life . . .

For never again should he consider such a dalliance. Raised by a father who held honor and chivalry above all things, Radford firmly believed in a man remaining faithful to his wife—or in his case, his future wife, the lovely Lady Lillian.





Chapter 7

It was only a kiss.

May picked up her pace and tried to ignore the warmth the memory of the previous night’s surprising and wonderful encounter in the Newbury library brought to her cheeks. Aunt Winnie, feeling drained and tired after two consecutive nights of excitement, had wanted to spend the morning lounging abed. So they decided to forego their regular visit to the Pump Room.

With the morning free, May set out on a brisk walk up Beechen Cliff, hoping the fresh air and vigorous exercise would do the trick and clear her mind. For a third night, sleep had eluded her while she puzzled over her feelings toward the changes occurring in her life.

Gracious, it was only a meaningless kiss.

Men kissed women all the time.

Just not her.

Never her. At least, not before last night.

Not that she had minded being overlooked. Men only seemed to laud women who displayed a meek mind, spirit, and body—a weakness May loathed to feign. She was strong and healthy. Why should she slip into a fit of vapors just to win a man’s kiss?

May’s cheeks heated anew as the memory of the way the viscount’s lips had pressed against hers replayed its pleasing script. That simple brush of lips had made her tingly, alive all the way down to the soles of her feet.

But his magic had not addled her mind!

She’d seen women turn into besotted fools. An educated, independent woman such as herself must resist falling prey to such folly.

Viscount Evers displayed only too clearly his typical male character in the way he’d fawned over the simpering Lady Lillian once he’d rejoined the ball. He spent the rest of the evening laughing at her inane chatter and offering his arm when she appeared near to faint—as ladies were wont to appear after a long evening in the company of a beau. His cat-like grin was smeared with satisfaction as he supported Lady Lillian’s weaving pose. The expression told May all she needed to know.

Even though he didn’t pursue her company after stealing such a kiss, even though his gaze had never once strayed her way during the long hours that followed—he could have at least taken notice of her standing beside him while she spoke with Lady Lillian. No matter, she would have no interest in such a man, anyhow.

Mary Wollstonecraft had warned in her treatise for women’s rights how men who sought a withering woman for a wife made dreadful companions. Men such as those were only too ready to throw the yoke of servitude on the weaker sex.

May would never allow herself to fall prey to a man who could not respect her as an intellectual equal. Respect, Mary Wollstonecraft had written, had to come before marriage.

Gracious. Just a week ago, May would have happily considered herself a spinster—a woman well suited to live life alone or in service as a lady’s companion. But now her uncle seemed set on seeing her married. And soon . . .

Just last evening he hinted that an announcement might be made by the end of the week. The end of the week!

That was why she’d escaped the party and fled into the darkened library the night before. Everything was moving too fast. She and Winnie had always enjoyed a relatively quiet existence. When in London, suffering the droll company at teas and losing a night’s sleep when attending a dinner party or ball were once the worst of her worries. Of course that was all before Winnie had fallen ill.

Much like her parents, Winnie would not always be around.

May shuddered in the early morning breeze that whipped down from the top of Beechen Cliff. The chill passed through her like an unwelcome premonition. Uncle Sires was in the right to want to take Aunt Winnie away with him back to Redfield Abbey. He had the money and connections to see that his sister got the best care.

For May to cling to her beloved aunt would be unfair—as unfair as his uncle declaring her parents dead. There was simply no solid logic to support the decision.

The slope of the hill turned steep. May’s thoughts drifted off as her gaze turned to the ground and her concentration on keeping her balance.

“Ho there!” a voice called out as she neared the top.

May cupped her hand over her brow and peered up at the broad silhouette of the Viscount Evers standing on the ridge, his hands on his hips like a conqueror. She was only a few yards below him and could not politely turn around and pretend she hadn’t seen or heard his call.

The best she could do was curse quietly under her breath and brace herself for the encounter. A shame, really. She was looking forward to enjoying the sweeping vistas of Bath and a few blessed moments of solitude to straighten out her poor, mixed up head. Seeing the viscount, now, when she needed to forget him, could do nothing good for her nerves.

“Do you require assistance?” he asked.

“I can manage well enough,” she said through clenched teeth as her foot slipped on a rock. Her balance wobbled for a heartbeat—much too long for her pride. Belatedly she added a half-cowed “thank you”.

“I doubt I would be able to rush after you if you were to trip. You would undoubtedly roll all the way back to Bath,” he said. An unmistakable lilt of laughter moved underneath his smooth tone.

“I would never expect you to make such an effort for my sake, my lord.” She’d taken a difficult path and was forced to lift her skirts in order to make the last steep step to the top. The bounder didn’t have the good graces to avert his gaze.

A fiendish grin spanned the length of his cheeks and he crossed his arms over his chest. “I cannot tell you how glad I am that you refused my helping hand. I would have hated to miss such a view.”

“You are a cad, my lord.” May lowered her head and made a show of smoothing her skirts in an effort to hide her embarrassment.

“And you, Miss Sheffers, must be a shameless hoyden.”

May’s head came up with a snap. “A what?”

“A shameless hoyden, Miss Sheffers.” Viscount Evers held her gaze prisoner with his peculiar expression, a heady mixture of amusement and attentiveness.

The look stole May’s breath. She could only whisper, “I do not know what you could mean, my lord.”

An ebony brow rose on the viscount’s perfectly serious face as he looked around. “Perhaps you have hidden your companion or outpaced her?” he said. “For only a hoyden would venture so far afield alone. Wouldn’t you agree?”

Having been raised by a very proper aunt, she naturally agreed. May only took these occasional early morning excursions of hers to places she supposed deserted.

“My aunt is not well enough to take such a hike and our housekeeper is far too busy to be burdened with the responsibility of following me about.” It wasn’t a strong argument, but it was the best May could utter.

Blast the man. His wicked presence muddied her mind. She was an independent woman, well accustomed to free use of her thoughts. She would not let him do this to her.

“I had hoped for a few moments quiet, my lord. Your presence here intrudes on that.” She managed to say in the gentlest tone possible. She did well to keep her passions in check around a rake who could lure her into a kiss with the mere brush of his thumb against her lips.

Viscount Evers lowered himself to sit on the ground, struggling with his stiff leg. “I believe we both are looking for the same thing. Join me.” He sat with his legs sprawled out in front of him and patted the ground beside him.

May lifted her chin. “It would not be proper.”

“Because your Mr. Tumblestone wouldn’t approve?” Evers asked, his tone mocking. “He will soon be your affianced, will he not? Your name and his rose amongst the tittering last night. You should be grateful to have found a willing man, one woman said. She made some vague allusion to your family background.” He tilted his head toward her.

May’s back stiffened. Her family history was none of his business. Heaven knows she had been taught to keep quiet about it. Uncle Sires used to threaten to lop off her amber curls and make her go around as bald as a smooth marble if she were ever to even breathe her father’s name in public.

“You have no right to pry into my private business, my lord,” she bit off the words.

“Pry?” A wicked smile played at his lips. May could feel her cheeks heat as she remembered how those lips of his had touched hers. “Why no, I suppose I don’t have a right. I just was wondering who in your life would believe it improper for you to sit here . . . beside me . . . unescorted.”

A hungry gleam darkened his eyes. May took a step back.

“Perhaps I find it improper, my lord. There are dangers, are there not, in a lady finding herself alone with a gentleman?”

He didn’t answer right away and when he did, his tone was laced with regret. “Yes, Miss Sheffers, I believe there must be.”

* * * *

Radford had started out at dawn without a destination. The climb to the top of Beechen Cliff had been an arduous one despite the fact that he’d forged a much gentler slope than the ridiculously steep route Miss Sheffers had taken. The effort had been worth the pains pulling through his leg.

He hadn’t lied when he’d told May that his quest was similar to hers. Up here, with the orderly Georgian city below punctuated with the medieval spires of Bath Abbey at its heart, Radford felt removed . . . free almost.

His mother had purred her delight over Lady Lillian all during the carriage ride home last night. The marriage was a fait accompli, to hear her speak.

Instead of relieving his own doubts regarding the decision, her happiness only seemed to shrink the cage he’d been confined to the day his horse had been shot out from under him. He felt trapped—angry. He’d been cursing the birds in the trees when he saw her.

He shouldn’t have been surprised. Miss Margaret Sheffers, with her unusual wood-sprite features, would naturally be at home up here, under the gently rustling beeches. Without a care for staining her bright yellow and white striped cotton dress she climbed straight up—the most direct route, if not the most difficult.

And now that he and she were up on the hill together, Radford had to fight to keep his thoughts about her from straying from the respectable path.

“You were here first. I will leave you to your thoughts, my lord,” she said and turned to make a descent following the same steep path.

“Wait,” Radford called.

As much as her company disturbed him and his solitude, he knew her departure would leave him more miserable than before. He struggled to his feet, silently cursing all the while his foolish notion of lounging on the ground like some high-flying Corinthian. Somewhere in the back of his mind, a horridly shameful thought sprang to life. The thought whispered in a singsong voice that if he could find a way to take a tumble in the grass with this fairy creature, his weaknesses and pains would disappear—and become naught but a bad dream brought on by an overindulgence in some rich meal.

Yes, she’d chase his misery away like the sun would extinguish a nightmare. For where else should such dreaded dreams be vanquished to but to Avalon where this creature with her mysterious birth must call home?

“In good conscience, Miss Sheffers,” he said, “I simply cannot allow you to continue to traipse through the countryside unescorted. As a gentleman, I’m compelled to protect you from your imprudent actions.”

The quelling glance she sent his way could have burned the oriental paper off his parlor walls. He was glad they were in a wide-open space.

“Please, Miss Sheffers,” he said with considerably more tact, “I would suffer terribly were I to hear you’d come to harm on the long hike home. Please allow me to escort you.”

After an insufferable pause, she gave a short nod. Her lips had thinned to a mere line and resembled nothing of the swollen passionate petals he’d tasted the night before.

The kiss. There were a few things he should say to her in regard to that kiss. But where to start?

“I cannot follow you down such a steep trail,” he said instead, even though she had remained motionless, letting him take the lead and set the pace.

They walked in silence for several yards down a well-used path. He sensed her stiffen with each step until she appeared to be strung as tight as a bow ready to spring.

“I may play the part of a rake, Miss Sheffers, but I vow you are as safe with me as you would be with my old toothless sheepdog.”

“I know,” she agreed far too quickly.

“What I mean to say—” He struggled for the right words. How did he explain without scandalizing her or damaging her virgin’s sensibilities? “Although I dearly enjoyed kissing you and long to do so again, I am a man of virtue. I would never force my attentions or put you in a situation that would have your reputation questioned.”

“Thank you,” she said.

Her two-word replies dug into his gut. She wasn’t making the task an easy one. And why should she? He saw how society treated her. She was Lady Winifred’s companion, the lowest rank a young lady could hold. Most of the guests at Newbury’s party looked through her. She didn’t even seem to mind that she was expected to step back from the fashionables and fade like a servant into the wainscoting.

Radford had been about to intervene at the party last night when the bubbly Lady Iona had appeared and taken Miss Sheffers’ arm, dragging her into the middle of a crowd of women. In fact, the Newbury family, with the exception of Lady Lillian and her mother, treated Miss Sheffers as one of their own—as part of the family.

As interesting as his meandering thoughts were, they did nothing to solve how he was to address his kissing her. He should offer up some additional explanation . . . but what?

“Why do you refuse the use of a cane?” she asked in the lengthening silence.

The question stopped Radford where he stood. He wasn’t ready to speak of this. His injuries were his burden and his alone. To speak of them would only make them more real.

He truly believed that if he pushed himself, ignoring the pain and the weaknesses, he could will the damage away.

Miss Sheffers stopped on the grass path and turned to face him. “My aunt often refuses the aid of a cane. Pride, I believe, keeps her from depending on such a luxury. She leans heavily on my arm, instead.”

“That must be quite a burden. Lady Winifred must weigh at least twenty stone.”

“It’s a burden I gladly bear. My shoulders are strong.” She tilted her head up and peered into his eyes from beneath her straw bonnet. “But you don’t lean on anyone. Why?”

“I don’t need to.”

A slow smile, the closest expression to pity he’d seen on her lively features, stuck him in the belly like an icy sword. The last thing he wanted from her was pity.

“You fool yourself, my lord. Bowing to the use of a cane cannot diminish your manhood. Your injuries, no matter how fleeting, are a reality—”

“You know nothing. You cannot begin to imagine what has become of my life,” he said bitterly.

“—Now my aunt, she will never recover,” she said at the very same moment. “She will only weaken.”

Radford couldn’t miss the raw sorrow he heard in her voice.

“I am sorry,” he said. “For your aunt, I mean. She is all you have?”

“I have my parents and my uncle, the Earl of Redfield.” The words rang hollow.

“Ah.” There was much more to that story. What, he could only guess. “The earl is Lady Winifred’s brother, I believe? He is also the one who introduced you to your beloved, Mr. Tumblestone?”

May blinked furiously. He’d obviously touched a sour topic. “There are more important things than love when considering marriage, my lord.”

“Of course. So you found yourself a rich man, eh?” he teased. “Perhaps he owns half of England?”

“I do not believe Mr. Tumblestone’s state of finance is any of your concern.” She forged ahead at a brisk pace.

Radford had a devil of a time catching up to her as she rounded the hill heading down toward Sydney Gardens. His limp grew more pronounced, and his foot felt like it was being torn apart from the inside.

“Please—” sweat broke out on his brow “—slow down.”

May took one glance in his direction and drew to a quick halt. “You are in pain?”

“No, damn it! For Heaven’s sake, what kind of proper lady marches at a pace rivaling a bloody foot soldier’s?”

“You are in pain.” She took his arm. There was considerable strength hidden in her small limbs. “You will lean on me . . . or would you rather rest?”

A felled tree lay near the path. Although Radford was more than set on pushing forward and gritting through the pain, May’s firm grip guided him toward the rotting log.

“It’s such a beautiful day,” she said as she arranged her skirts and lowered herself onto the dirty log without a thought to the stains she must be causing. “I think I would prefer nothing more than to take a moment to enjoy the sunshine before returning to the cottage.”

Her smile was as bright as the sun. Radford could not help but stare and wonder. She lied so prettily to save his pride. She sat, not bothering with him, not pressuring him to join her and take the weight off his leg. She gazed off into the distance, looking over the city glittering in the morning’s glory and completely ignored him, in fact.

Since it would have been ungallant to disregard her efforts to protect his pride, Radford eased down beside her on the log and stretched his stiff leg out in front of him. The comfortable silence spanned several minutes.

He was the one to finally break the gentle spell.

“I intend to tell my man-of-affairs, Bannor, to rescind the writ of eviction,” he said. “Your uncle has paid the back rent, you must know.”

Miss Sheffers kept her head turned away and her thoughts to herself.

“I understand you are short of funds. But since I would rather like to call you my friend, I would be loathed to force you from your home. Please know you may continue to live at Sydney Place for as long as you require.”

“It would be improper to accept, my lord. I will not live as a kept woman.” Her biting tone surprised him. How could she not see he was doing her a kindness?

“Good Lord, you misunderstand me! I am not asking you to be a kept woman.” He could delay no longer. They would have to speak further of the kiss. “What happened last night was an apparition—a startling whim never to be repeated . . . ” Which would be a great sacrifice indeed.

His body ached for another taste of her sweet nectar.

Miss Sheffers shook her head. “Whether you expect payment for your kindness or not, it does not matter. All that matters is what society would believe. I will not risk my reputation in that way. You do not need to concern yourself with my affairs, I will manage.”

“Manage by marrying a man who is old enough to be your grandfather?” He recognized immediately that it was wrong for him to press the issue. Mr. Tumblestone’s attentions clearly troubled her. Even though she did nothing publicly to spurn him, he’d seen only too clearly the disheartened way her brows furrowed whenever she smiled upon the old gentleman.

“Forgive me, Miss Sheffers, that remark was unworthy of you,” he said quickly. “I truly would like you to consider me a friend. I will not pry further into your affairs.”

Her bonnet bounced as she made some vague gesture.

“I do wish to be friends,” he said. There was nothing in the world, besides his health, that he wished for more. Being with her, tripping over his words and acting the worst sort of clumsy gentleman, was the most fun he’d experienced since he returned from the Peninsula more dead than alive.

He actually looked forward to waking up in the morning for the first time in months.

“Take off your boot,” she said suddenly, her tone as crisp as a general’s. Her sudden change in manner and the fact that his throbbing foot felt like it was ready to break the boot’s stitches had Radford scrambling to comply.

The tiny Miss Sheffers knelt down on the ground and cradled his injured foot in her lap. “It is swollen,” she murmured after gently massaging the pulling muscles. Her deft touch relieved the worst of the pain and sent heat spiraling throughout his body. Ah, move those magic fingers of hers any higher up his thigh, and he doubted he’d be able to be responsible for his actions.

She turned her head to gaze up at him then. Was it her soothing touch or the sharp intelligence glowing in her violet gaze that eased the biting pain the most? A question formed on her lips like a delicate “o”.

Good Lord, he had to get control over his unruly body before he frightened the poor gel by trying to kiss her again. Radford tried out an indulgent smile.

“Yes, Miss Sheffers?”

“You walked here all the way from Sion Hill? All the way across the city and up this hill?” she asked. Before he could answer, her words marched on. “You are a foolish man, my lord. A foolish, foolish man.”

“Am I?” No one, other than Wynter, had ever dared call him a fool. And she didn’t just say it once, but three times. Three times she called him a fool. The charge didn’t sit well in his spleen.

“Only a fool would abuse his body so,” she said.

“Is that so?” How dare she? Perhaps he’d been wrong. Perhaps Miss Sheffers could not be considered a friend. Oh yes, her mere presence helped him forget his aches. Yet, at the same time she constantly pricked his anger to the point of making him dangerous.

Radford grabbed his boot, jammed it back on his swollen foot, and pushed up to his feet.

“I will escort you home now,” he said.

If he lingered, letting her scold him while she rubbed his foot with those elfin fingers of hers, he would soon feel compelled to shake her or kiss her. And that brand of foolishness just couldn’t be allowed to happen . . . not while he was set on making Lady Lillian his wife.





Chapter 8

Aunt Winnie stood at the cottage door, one hand on her hip and the other propped against the doorjamb. May took one look at Lord Evers. She suddenly felt as naughty as a child caught stealing candy from the kitchens.

“Lady Winifred.” Lord Evers approached Winnie and offered her a quaint bow. “I gladly leave your young companion in your safe care.” He smiled like a cat that had just tipped over the flour jar. With a flick of the wrist he tilted his hat with the skill of a man well practiced at the fine art of seduction. His head bowed low, he gave May a nod filled with promises and wickedness, before taking his leave.

Aunt Winnie’s gaze narrowed as she watched him limp away. May’s dear aunt hadn’t invited the viscount in for refreshments. Hadn’t asked if he needed to rest his weary leg.

Her ire was unquestionably piqued.

“Now Aunt—” May began only to be cut off by a quelling glance.

“Go sit in the parlor, child.”

May obeyed without argument. This late in the morning, the parlor with its black and gold curtains and matching tapestry chairs was swathed by deep shadows. It appeared so dreary and dark compared to the bright morning sky she’d just shared with the viscount.

She should have never allowed herself to get so carried away. She should have never agreed to let the viscount escort her home. But their conversation had been quite lively. He knew of Mary Wollstonecraft’s writings and even agreed with a few of the woman’s edicts. They’d good-heartedly debated philosophies until the little cottage she shared with her aunt came into view. Then, as if by mutual agreement, they had walked up to the cottage in silence. What folly to believe the morning adventure had been a safe one.

With a deep sigh, May chose a chair near the window and waited for Aunt Winnie to begin her lecture.

Oh, she dearly deserved one too. She’d called Lord Evers a fool—what a lark! She was a greater fool, believing the shameless rogue might try to kiss her . . . longing for him to press his lips to hers again.

She needed a chaperone to protect her from herself. Never had such a fool walked the world before her.

“I promise I will never—” Again, her aunt’s quelling glance kept her from finishing her vow to never venture out into the wilderness without a companion.

Aunt Winnie remained on her feet. She huffed several times before speaking, her large torso heaving with the effort.

“Viscount Evers,” she said at last with a haughty tenor that closely resembled her brother’s. “How well are you acquainted with the poor devil?”

Surely Aunt Winnie couldn’t believe she’d sneaked away for a lover’s assignation. Mortification bloomed anew. May’s cheeks heated with an unrestrained vigor. For the first time she was glad for her unfashionable dark coloring. Her olive complexion hid all but the deepest changes in tone.

“He-he is naught but a friend, Aunt. I vow it. I took a stroll up to Beechen Cliff when I happened upon him. He insisted he escort me home.”

Aunt Winnie studied May for several long minutes, seemingly gauging whether to believe her errant niece or not. Luckily, May had always been a horrid liar. As a child she could never talk her way out of mischief without breaking out into a fit of tears and confessing all.

“I swear it, Aunt. The meeting was all in innocence,” May said with a steady tone.

Aunt Winnie finally relented with a long sigh of relief. She settled in her favorite chair near the fire.

“I pray in the future you will act with greater prudence, especially considering your potential connection to the very proper Mr. Tumblestone.” Winnie did not have to raise her voice or speak harsh commands to press her point. The strength of the punishment came from her eyes. The cross look left May quaking in her kid boots. It had always been this way. Aunt Winnie carried herself with a certain grace that brooked no disobedience.

May lowered her head. “I will, Aunt.”

“You do wish to marry Mr. Tumblestone, do you not?”

The question was not one May could easily answer. She raised her head and noticed how the hair peeking out from below Winnie’s frilly cap appeared grayer and how Winnie’s complexion had turned bilious over the past couple of days.

“I want you to be happy,” May answered while fingering the thick threads decorating her chair. “I want you to get the best care and not worry about me.”

A sheen of tears threatened in her aunt’s weary eyes. “Not worry about you? I raised you, May. I love you. I will always worry about you. It is in my blood.”

The declaration made May only more determined to do what was right for Winnie.

“I believe I would enjoy having a family,” May admitted. “And Mr. Tumblestone, though not ideal, seems a stable sort of gentleman. I feel lucky he finds me an attractive choice.”

Winnie harrumphed at that last statement. “And Lord Evers. What are your feelings toward him?”

Knowing it fruitless to lie, May tried to deflect the question. “My feelings for him are of no great import. He is determined to take Lady Lillian to wife.”

Winnie’s brows creased and she seemed to be concentrating deeply for several long moments. “I didn’t suppose him to be that big a lobcock,” she said after a while. “Perhaps he needs to be made aware of his options.”

“It wouldn’t matter, Aunt,” May rushed to say.

If her future truly lay with the elderly Mr. Tumblestone, her heart would not be able to survive even the barest of hope that there could be a man out there in the world who could love and cherish and thrill her all at the same time.

“What I mean to say is that even if he were to find me attractive, his rank is still too high for the likes of me to aspire to. Such a match would surely cause a scandal.”

“Nonsense, May. You would do well to remember—”

Aunt Winnie did not get the chance to tell May what she needed to remember because at that very moment there was a loud knock on the door, followed by a tittering of laughter.

“We will speak on this later,” Winnie promised and shifted in her chair while they waited for Portia, their poor overworked housekeeper, to direct their guests into the parlor.

Lady Iona charged into the room, her apprehensive gaze darting from May to Aunt Winnie. “Why weren’t you present at the Pump Room this morning?” she cried. “You worried me ever so much. Please do tell me nothing is amiss—not after Mamma and Papa’s party last night. It would break their heart to think the festivities caused you any undue harm, Lady Winifred.”

May rose from her chair, rushed across the room, and clasped her hands with Iona’s to reassure her. “Aunt Winnie was just weary after the late party. So was I, I must admit. The excitement of the past several days is wearing heavily on the both of us.”

“I should say,” Lady Lillian said as she swept into the room behind her sister. Her thin, snowy white arm was linked with Lord Nathan Wynter’s. The quiet voice she often used lured May to lean in closer and give Lillian her rapt attention.

An elegant pink gown swished around Lillian’s ankles as she glided across the room toward May. She moved like an angel, like a beautiful, spectral spirit fallen from the Heavens. “You must be out of your head with excitement at the thought of accepting a marriage proposal.”

“There has been no proposal,” Iona was quick to point out. “There will be none, if I have any say.”

“Well, you don’t,” Lillian said with a briskness rarely heard outside the Newbury family home.

Lord Nathan twisted free from Lillian’s alluring clutches and stepped between the two sisters. His superfine navy blue coat matched his flashing blue eyes, and his crisply tailored pants fit like a second skin.

Iona blinked up at him and swayed, a reaction May found only too interesting.

“Ladies, please. I have not even had the opportunity to greet our long-suffering hosts.”

In the hushed moment he’d created, Lord Nathan reverently greeted Aunt Winnie, sketching a bow suitable for a queen. Winnie appeared quite taken by Lord Nathan’s cheery smile and square, masculine features. Iona sighed, making May wonder whether her friend could be even more charmed by his flowery praises of Winnie than Winnie herself.

“I hope we won’t be forced to linger long,” the only too perfect Lillian said not nearly loud enough for anyone but May to hear. Lillian and May had never rubbed along well. From their first meeting Lillian had made it abundantly clear how she, like most of society, disapproved of May’s pedigree. Lillian did have the training and manners of a lady, though. She paid her warmest respects to Aunt Winnie.

The chit even went as far as to sit beside Winnie and begin a long discourse on how she had convinced her father to purchase the extravagant bonnet sitting askew on the top of her head. Three bright pink ostrich feathers bobbed as she prattled on about how she couldn’t do without the feathered bonnet now that she was being actively courted.

“You see,” Lillian said in that mild voice of hers, making her sound ever so harmless, “the Viscount Evers has set his cap for me.”

A sharp prick of jealousy turned in May’s chest as she felt drawn to listen.

“Mamma says I am well suited to be a wife for a man of his social standing. Just think of the balls and teas I will host in his London townhouse. Mamma says I will get along well and become the rage of London. Ladies of the highest rank will be panting for an invitation. But do not fear. I will of course invite you, Lady Winifred, to every single event. You may bring your silly companion along as well.”

“That is very kind of you, dear,” Winnie said coolly while Lord Nathan choked on a short fit of laughter.

He winked at Iona, who immediately returned the gesture.

Such curious behavior. Something devious was definitely in the works between the two. May prayed she would soon have the free time to be included in whatever mischief they were plotting. Perhaps they were planning to teach Lady Lillian a lesson in humility.

Curse the sky, May scolded herself. She had no right to wish ill on Lady Lillian. The viscount deserved all that was beautiful and perfect, including Lillian.

Jealously was an emotion better suited for a lady with the status and social acceptance to compete with such lovely perfection. May had nothing to offer the viscount besides a fouled family name and an empty purse.

Besides, she didn’t have the time or energy to waste on impossible dreams. Everything in her life was so topsy-turvy at the moment, she doubted she’d have time to read the latest gothic novel, much less try and indulge in a little mischief with her best friend.

Still, her unruly curiosity was again peaked when Lord Nathan and Iona slyly maneuvered themselves toward the parlor door and chatted privately while May and Aunt Winnie listened politely as Lillian prattled on and on about her plans for Lord Evers’ future.

“We will naturally live in London most of the year. But we will wish to follow The Prinny to Brighton in the summer, don’t you agree? Bath has its benefits—I have never seen Mamma’s stomach so calm—but the social life can be so tiresome with the lower classes putting on airs just because they have a few shillings to spend. I hear Brighton is not at all the same.”

Winnie nodded and smiled fondly at the young woman, patting her wrist occasionally. A trembling hand rose to her lips as she stifled a yawn. May guessed her aunt had long stopped listening and was fast growing exhausted.

“Shall I ring for tea?” May asked when Lillian paused for breath. Sending for tea was the proper thing to do, but that was not why May had suggested it. Lillian would never willingly come visiting here. Iona must have veered them away from their true destination to inquire after May and Aunt Winnie’s health. The fastest way to get them moving again—not that May cared to rush anyone but Lillian away—was to offer to start the process of heating tea.

Lillian reacted exactly as May had predicted. She leapt up from the chair as if fire had struck her. “Tea? Oh, no. We couldn’t. We really couldn’t. I must apologize, but Lord Nathan is escorting me to call on Lord Evers, you see. All above board, of course, with such a large crowd of us and with Lord Evers’ mother in residence.”

My, Lillian’s tongue ran unfettered. May nodded, her feigned smile beginning to pain her.

“Evers has purchased a new horse. A young filly,” Wynter calmly explained on the heels of Lillian’s excuse to leave. “His own prized stallion served as stud. You can understand how he is naturally excited about the horse’s arrival today and is intent on showing off his newest acquisition to Lady Lillian.”

“Oh, yes.” Lillian’s cheeks glowed. “He is having the filly delivered here, to Bath, instead of to his stables in Northhamptonshire, at a great cost just to view her. We really must be going. I would hate to be late.”

“You are welcome to join us, Miss Sheffers. Evers does enjoy showing off his ability to pick the finest horseflesh.” Wynter shared a merry look with Iona.

Despite her suspicions about her best friend’s motives, May’s heart jumped at the temptation to accept. Silly, really, to want to spend time with a man who was destined to wound her heart. She’d be wise to keep her thoughts focused on the rational, the logical.

That is precisely what Mary Wollstonecraft would have done.

“Thank you for the kind invitation, but I must refuse.” May took a step toward Aunt Winnie as if searching for support in that quarter. “I am ever so busy, you see. And my aunt is not at all feeling up to snuff. I should worry something terrible if I were to leave her.”

“But May, you simply must come.” Iona tugged on her arm. “I will be unforgivably sore with you if you refuse.”

May cast a silent plea in Aunt Winnie’s direction. The older woman yawned into her hand and mumbled something about wanting to nap all day.

Lord Nathan even joined in the persuasions with a tempting offer to treat all the women to chocolates on the way.

Only the willowy Lady Lillian supported May’s reasonable decision. “La, let her stay, Iona. It is her occupation to care for Lady Winifred, is it not? We should not pretend she is something other than what she is.”

“And what is that?” Iona was quick to inquire, though there had been no need. May had recognized early on how most society ladies treated her no differently than a servant.

Aunt Winnie rose from her chair and quieted the room with a single clap of her hands. “May, you spend too much time with ladies and gentlemen far older than yourself. It is unhealthy. A young gel needs the companionship of fellow youngsters. You will go.”

Not even Lady Lillian dared object to such a royally presented command. She turned up her nose before latching onto Lord Nathan’s arm again.

“You weren’t teasing, my lord, were you?” she cooed after saying her farewells to Aunt Winnie. “You will treat us to chocolates?”

Lord Nathan murmured some placating words and let himself be led from the room.

May kissed her aunt on the cheek and promised not to stay away long while Iona hurried May out of the parlor in pursuit of Lord Nathan and Lillian.

Since the decision had been taken out of her hands, and it would have been rude to disagree with her aunt, May decided to enjoy the afternoon outing . . . even if it meant risking her untested heart.





Chapter 9

Radford eyed the cane sitting on his tiger maple desk in the study and brooded while waiting for Bannor to arrive. He had so many reasons to feel anxious. His stable manager was due to arrive within the hour so Radford could see firsthand the young filly he’d purchased from the Duke of Grafton, for one thing. The filly would only stay in Bath for a few days before the stable manager returned home to his stables in Northhamptonshire.

Ever since the accident, Radford had avoided his horses. He even left the sole care of the pair of playful and perfectly matched grays he used for his carriage to the capable hands of the young groom he’d brought with him to Bath. So today his eagerness to finally meet this new horse, bred from one of his own stallions, was tinged with bittersweet anticipation. How would it feel to see her and know he would never be the one to ride her? He would never again learn a horse’s personality firsthand in the vast fields and woods of his estate.

Such concerns were reason enough to brood. Why then did he insist on blaming the stubborn Miss Sheffers for the bulk of his nerves?

On the way down Beechen Cliff, she had insisted he use her as a prop. Her, a dainty woman, no less! He’d been humiliated. Mortified. Never should a man be so betrayed by his body that he’d be compelled to depend on a woman.

Ah . . . but her assistance had lessened the sharp pains worrying his calf and foot. That couldn’t possibly be the reason he’d spent the past fifteen minutes studying his cane, could it?

“You wouldn’t push a horse with a lame leg,” he grumbled to himself. A horse needed time and a goodly amount of pampering to heal. He spared no expense to coddle his horses to keep them healthy. So if he knew what it took to heal an injury, why should a woman’s scolding be necessary?

That stubborn and utterly forgettable elf-like creature had called him foolish. She’d gone beyond that and proved his own foolishness by insisting he lean on her arm.

He was no horse, but he was flesh and blood just the same. May was right. If he wanted to heal he’d need to take the expense and pamper himself for a while.

Damnation! He must be a fool . . . for he wanted nothing more than to send for her and lavish poetic sentiments of gratitude on her dainty head. Worse, he dearly wished to have her standing by his side to feed him her courage when he went out to see this new horse of his.

And to kiss her . . . oh yes, kiss her. He had been greatly tempted to cover her lips with his when she dared call him a fool. The temptation hadn’t diminished. He still wanted to kiss her and, Lord help him, perhaps do a little more.

“My lord?” Bannor stood in the doorway, his expression a gaping depiction of bald embarrassment. “I had knocked,” he quietly explained.

Radford realized suddenly that he’d picked up his accursed cane and had been beating it against the floor while silently berating himself. He’d no right for feeling those damnable soft feelings for an ordinary bird like Miss Sheffers. She was not at all suitable for marriage to him—the blasted list had already proved that. His time would be better spent contemplating how best to please his Lady Lillian or reviewing business matters with his man-of-affairs.

With a quick toss, the cane clattered to the floor. He cleared his throat. “Before we begin going over the books,” he said, “I have some matter of business to ask you about.”

Bannor nodded as if seeing his employer in a royal rage were a common occurrence. He pushed his wire-rimmed glasses up his nose and took his regular seat opposite Radford’s desk. His nimble fingers plucked a quill pen from its stand and blotted it, very precisely.

Bannor did everything with precision. Radford’s father wouldn’t have hired this man to serve as his estate’s man-of-affairs if he had been anything but the model of perfection.

“What is this matter of business, my lord?” he asked once he finished his lengthy ritual of setting up his papers at the desk.

“That young lady renting number twelve Sydney Place.” Radford kept his tone purposefully neutral.

“Number 12?” Bannor fiddled with his papers. “Ah, yes, Miss Margaret Sheffers. Although the back rent has been paid, there is no sign that she or her elderly aunt will be able to produce any future payments. They should be out by the end of the month.”

“Yes.” Radford negligently waved his hand. “About that. Don’t evict them. If they wish to leave on their own accord, we naturally cannot stop them. But I will not have you push them out.”

Bannor dropped his pen. Ink splattered on his ledger. “But, my lord. We are not a charity.”

“Nor will this be a regular practice. Tell me, what do you know about the lady?” Although he had promised her he wouldn’t pry into her affairs, Radford could not curb a nagging feeling that he was duty-bound as a gentleman to take some action. She was considering marriage to an old codger, for Heaven’s sake. Miss Sheffers had to be at the end of her rope.

“I spoke with her banker. He told me her account had been seized by the courts. I do not know the reason.”

“And her family? I suppose she is related to the Earl of Redfield?”

“That is her uncle,” Bannor supplied, though Radford already knew as much. “Her mother, I believe, was the earl’s youngest sibling. Miss Sheffers cares for her aunt, who is the earl’s eldest sibling. I sense a strained relationship between the earl and his sister, however. I imagine that is one reason why the pair of hens were allowed to flounder for so long.”

“Very good.” This told Radford nothing new. “Find out whatever you can about the two women as soon as possible. I want deep, dark secrets if there are any to be had. Understood?”

Bannor swallowed hard and adjusted his glasses. “You-you aren’t planning to coerce the young lady in some disgraceful manner, are you?” he whispered the question.

“On the contrary, Bannor. By gathering this information I hope to keep someone else from doing just that.”

Bannor breathed a long sigh of relief.

“And Bannor? That was an impertinent question. In the future, be advised I will not tolerate such questions against my character. If it happens again, you may find yourself needing to search for employment elsewhere.”

Bannor nodded furiously and colored a bright crimson. “You must forgive me, my lord. I meant no insult. Truly, I didn’t.”

“Shall we review the books?” Radford said, hoping to move past the awkward moment as soon as possible. He had a day crammed with awkward moments to look forward to and no desire to dwell on any of them.

* * * *

Try as she might, May could not keep her stomach from fluttering nervously as the viscount’s butler, the long-faced Jeffers, slowly opened the heavy door. He gave a start when he found himself staring down upon her and the smiling Lady Iona.

Lord Nathan grunted at the shocked pause, not taking notice of either the speechless Jeffers or the mortified May. He brushed past the butler and led the group into the parlor. With shocking brashness he announced himself and the ladies to the frail-looking woman lounging on a velvet sofa.

The woman sat up slightly and, smiling all the while, scolded Lord Nathan for his unconventional behavior. Her hand rose in the air for him to kiss. She was dressed in layers of the most diaphanous fabrics and her silky brown hair was peppered with gray.

So this was Lady Evers, the viscount’s mother, May thought after the introductions were completed. Lady Evers rose with great care, as if fearing her thin bones might snap. May worried for a moment that Lady Evers’ weakened legs wouldn’t be able to hold her weight. But the lady surprised May when she managed to cross the room and embrace Lady Lillian with great enthusiasm.

She cupped the young woman’s face in her hands. “Every time I see you I think, my, this girl is as lovely as a jewel. Just look at you,” she said. Her gaze tripped over May and held steady for a moment on Iona. “And your sister. I do pronounce you both diamonds of the first water.”

May’s natural smile tightened into something quite forced. There was no reason to feel slighted. Lady Evers’ reaction to her had been no different the night before, nor was it any different than many of the ton’s. But here, under the viscount’s roof, Lady Evers’ expectation that May meekly fade into the background stung worse than the most thinly veiled insult Lady Lillian could ever utter.

Lillian and Iona naturally drank up the praise and lapsed into comfortable conversation with the viscount’s mother. It was only right that Lillian should make friends with Lady Evers. The woman would very likely become her mother-in-law, after all.

Just once, May thought. Her smile strained till her jaw ached. Just once, I would like to be the pretty one—the one everyone is dying to love. But that would never happen. Not even her parents—the very two people who should love her no matter how ugly a duck she turned out to be—they didn’t even love her enough to stay by her side.

She stepped back toward the window seat, as was her habit, and allowed herself be forgotten. An interloper, perhaps . . . but she did have her pride.

A lifetime of minutes passed before Lord Evers entered the parlor. Cane in hand, he was blessedly giving his injured foot a well-deserved rest. Despite May’s discomfort at being the forgotten guest, her smile relaxed at the sight of him using that cane. Her words that morning must have made an impact. He was letting his finely polished wooden cane with a golden cap take the weight off his damaged leg . . . and looking more dashing than ever for it.

His gaze swept the room. A brief hesitancy darkened his expression as his eyes flicked from Lady Lillian’s lovely pout to his cane and back to Lillian again. The gel played the part of coquette to perfection.

Lillian turned her head and whispered in Lord Nathan’s ear, twittering lightly. The viscount remained standing at the threshold, looking adorably cross. May saw right away what he’d missed. Since he hadn’t immediately plied Lillian with flowering praises or complimented her ridiculous ostrich-feathered bonnet, Lillian had chosen to punish him by flirting shamelessly with his friend.

Fortunately his mother seemed to know the rules of the game Lillian had chosen to play. She came immediately to his rescue.

“Radford,” she cried. “Come tell your Lady Lillian how beautiful she looks. Haven’t you noticed her lovely new bonnet and how it complements her rosy complexion?” She took Lillian’s arm then. “You must forgive my son. Just like his father, Radford can be blind to such delicate matters. He appreciates the final result without taking adequate notice of the details that make our beauty a success.”

Radford?

His given name fit his straight, proud stature. The name literally tripped off May’s tongue as she whispered it. No matter how hard she tried she could not seem to wrench her gaze away from him.

He’d changed his clothes. His buff pants were tight, probably too tight for his injured leg. His coat was also tight, accentuating his broad shoulders. An intricately pressed cravat cascaded from his neck. All in all he looked very well turned out. His style could rival the most fashionable London dandies. Were they in London, he would doubtlessly win a nod from Beau Brummell, society’s arbiter of taste and fashion.

May watched Radford with fascination, realizing with a short gasp of horror that she was a little more than half in love with him. He fawned over Lillian, kissing her hand and gazing intently into her blue eyes. She, in turn, swatted his shoulder and made him promise to never overlook her lovely bonnets again.

“I wouldn’t dream of it, my lady. You have the loveliest taste in clothing,” he said in the same honeyed tone he’d used in the moments before he’d gifted May with her very first kiss. “I bow to your genius on all matters of fashion. You are a goddess in that respect. A beautiful, talented goddess.”

That first kiss he’d given her had meant the world to May.

A knife twisted in her gut. The green-eyed monster, jealousy, stabbed her but good. That very same kiss had been nothing more than an empty diversion to Radford.

May fervently prayed that love was indeed a fleeting emotion, as Mary Wollstonecraft had suggested. How would she be able to bear the ripping pangs in her heart otherwise? How could she live the rest of her life while such aches burrowed deep into her soul?

There was no one, save her aunt, who had ever found her worthy of being loved. The realization threatened to pull tears to her eyes. May blinked them back furiously. She was a woman grown, not some besotted child who still believed in fairy tales and romantic endings. Such things only lived in novels.

Happy endings were certainly vacant from her quiet life.

Radford hadn’t even noticed her presence. It was as if she’d actually melted into the wainscoting. Without wishing to till at windmills, May shifted deeper into the window seat, half-hidden behind the heavy curtains, dearly wishing she could disappear altogether.

Radford encouraged his mother and his Lillian to join him on a long sofa. He motioned to a cozier velvet sofa, inviting Lord Nathan and Iona to also make themselves comfortable.

Lord Nathan cast a wary glance in May’s direction and refused the offer to sit. Iona followed suit.

“I would prefer to stand, my lord,” Iona said in that low, proper tone of hers that always sounded like a rebuke to May’s ears.

Her refusal left Radford in an awkward position. He was stuck between the polite need to sit with his mother and intended fiancée or remain standing with Iona. His eyebrows arched slightly and he flashed a quick snarl toward his friend.

“Very well,” he said. “I am anxious to inspect my filly. Word came around not ten minutes ago of my stable manager’s arrival. Perhaps we should—”

His gaze met May’s at that moment and he froze.

He was angry. She could sense anger in the air, and she was convinced it came from him. He didn’t want her in his parlor, in his house, or in his life. Agreeing to Lord Nathan’s silly notion that she would be welcomed was a fool’s folly May deeply regretted. But she could not change her course now. She swallowed hard and rose.

“My lord,” she said crisply and curtsied.

He blinked.

“My sister insisted she come along,” Lillian said in the ensuing silence. Neither Lord Nathan nor Iona moved a muscle to come to May’s aid. Instead, they stepped back and smiled at each other in a knowing sort of way. “Iona likes to bring her along on our outings. Perhaps it is charity.”

Charity? May was far too proud to accept charity.

“Lady Iona and I are friends, my lord.” Since no one else was going to defend her, May determined she would simply defend herself. “Lord Nathan had suggested I join the group, explaining how you are so very adept at judging horseflesh. He wished I be impressed by your great knowledge, I suppose.”

The corner of Radford’s mouth twitched. Whatever was going on in his head couldn’t be good. He dipped an exaggerated bow. “A thousand pardons, ma’am,” he said. “Please forgive me for overlooking you. I suppose I am doomed to fall prey to all sorts of humiliations today.”

With that said, Radford strolled from the room, leading the way to a large empty field beside his house. May lagged behind, hoping to remain in the parlor, until she noticed his mother also planned to remain there. Lady Evers stretched out like a treacherous tiger on the velvet sofa.

“Don’t be anxious.” Iona took May’s arm and pushed her outside.

“But horses are such large animals . . .” May said.

“You are frightened?” Radford asked. He lazily leaned against one of the portico’s Ionic columns while Iona and May emerged.

May’s heart skipped a beat. She fought a fresh attack of embarrassment, realizing he had overheard her put voice to her silly fears. She was the only lady she knew who didn’t have a rudimentary knowledge of riding or horses. Having been raised in London with an aunt who shared May’s unhealthy fear of the beasts, May hadn’t been given much of an opportunity to learn how to even approach a horse—much less sit atop one.

“I have no experience, my lord,” she said somewhat stiffly. “I don’t know what to do with them.”

He chuckled. “I will hold your hand, Miss Sheffers, and guide you so you can pet her velvet nose.” He took May’s arm from Iona’s then and walked between the women out to the field. A man in a tweed cap and baggy breeches stood holding the reins to a very tall cream-colored horse with a brown dappled rump. The filly tossed her dark brown mane and danced sideways as they approached.

May would much have preferred to try and pet Lady Evers’ perfect nose than tempt one’s fate with the foul tempered beast looming in front of her. What could Radford be thinking suggesting she dare touch such a wild thing?

“Ooooo,” Lady Lillian sighed. The filly danced sideways again. “She is ever so lovely, is she not? May I ride her? She must glide like the wind. Does she, Lord Evers?” She pushed her sister out of the way and latched onto the arm Radford had used to hold his cane, tugging on him as if he were a child’s wooden pull toy. “Does she ride like the wind?”

Radford stiffened. May felt the very air about him grow still. How thoughtless of Lillian to ask such a question. His injuries had obviously kept him from riding. A condition that surely created deep wounds in his pride.

“She will go well enough,” he said after a lengthy pause. He shrugged away the tension and his eyes lit up as he studied his beast. “She is a beauty, Lyles. Her legs look strong. Perhaps we should enter her in the races.”

“Aye, m’lord, I believe so. She has the frame for speed,” Radford’s stable manager drawled. He smiled, a wide grin showing a line of missing teeth. “She’s a beaut, m’lord, jus’ like her pa’.”

The filly tossed her head as if agreeing.

“She wants to run,” Radford said.

“Aye, my gig’s horse trotted far too slowly for Princess’ liking.”

“Princess? Is that her name?” Lillian asked, her soft voice growing ever milder. Her expression sparkled as she gazed up at Radford. “How delightful. Oh, how I would love to own such a horse.”

May fully expected him to promise Lillian the filly as a wedding present, or at least hint that he might do something so foolishly romantic. He shocked May when he ignored the comment.

Instead, his gaze turned sharply away from Lillian and toward her. “Princess will be part of my foundation stock. I may race her, but she will principally be a breeding mare.”

“Lord Evers, you are scandalous. You make me blush,” Lillian said and batted his arm.

May found herself blushing as well because Radford had begun to trace tiny circles on the inside of her wrist with his forefinger. He probably didn’t realize he was doing so, but there was a hint of heat in his gaze that made her suddenly suspicious.

No, she was being foolish again. He had baldly told her that there could never be anything between them. That he wouldn’t even ask her to be his mistress.

By the time May pulled herself out of her thoughts, Radford had released her arm and returned his attentions to Lillian. He fawned over the young lady in a way no one, not even May’s aunt, had ever done with her. She needed to be careful. There was nothing but pain waiting for her if she allowed her fantasies to run away with her again.

No man wanted her.

Well, Mr. Tumblestone did—but May still couldn’t figure out why.

Lord Nathan, Iona, and Lillian were all speaking at once, praising the horse, while standing far closer to the beast than what May thought could possibly be safe. The filly stomped her heavy foot as if angered by their presence and kicked up a spray of mud that splattered on May’s cotton dress. No one noticed the stain or May’s growing distress.

She retrieved a handkerchief from her sleeve and patted at the mud. It was hopeless, she knew. She would be mud-splattered until she could change out of the gown.

Radford didn’t spare her a passing glance once he’d pried his arm from Lillian’s clutches and stepped away from his friend’s praises to speak with his stable manager.

Lillian didn’t seem to notice him missing. She chattered on as if he were still standing between herself and May. “Papa will absolutely be thrilled to hear how skilled you are at judging horseflesh, Lord Evers. The last two horses he purchased came up lame within a month. He has no eye for such things, you must know. I will tell him first thing . . .”

One of the ostrich plumes on Lillian’s bonnet dipped forward and teased the filly’s nose as she continued to explain how she dearly wished her father could see Princess. Her head bobbed with her words, and the feather continued to strike the young horse. May watched as the skittish filly’s eyes began to roll.

Something bad was going to happen. May could feel it in the way her heart began to pound. The filly was going to bolt and stamp them all to death. Poor, poor Radford. He would never forgive himself if his prize horse were to injure his beloved Lillian.

Princess whinnied and ducked her head, as if trying to escape the brightly dyed feather. She stomped her foot and whinnied again when the troublesome feather seemed to follow her.

“She’s a spirited one, she is, m’lord,” the stable manager drawled and pulled the leading rein tighter.

“She is a pretty horse,” Iona said. “Just look at the unusual coloring.”

“You’ve done well this time, Evers,” Lord Nathan said. “All your hard work at the stables is beginning to pay off.”

No one other than May sensed even a whiff of danger. Lillian’s feathered bonnet continued to bob and torment the horse, her speech continuing without pause.

Such a great beast, May couldn’t help but think. She shall kill us.

She fought the urge to escape to a safe distance away. But she was never one to cower. If the others weren’t afraid, she wouldn’t show her budding terror . . . even if it meant risking her neck in order to protect her pride.

Oh what a foolish sin, pride. May had noticed more than ever how such a stubborn emotion could be the cause of some quite unnecessary troubles.

The filly snorted after the feather danced in her nostril. She tossed back her head, reared up, and made a horrid sound.

Everyone froze. Even Lillian closed her mouth long enough to send the filly a wary glance.

“I say, my lord,” she then said rather shrilly. “I have never seen—”

Whatever Lillian hadn’t seen, no one would know. Princess landed with a thud and nipped the bonnet right off Lillian’s head. Lillian shrieked and tossed herself into Lord Nathan’s arms. Both Radford and the stable manager struggled with the reins, trying to calm the great beast. As she strained forward, her large, square teeth showing, she looked as if she was going to nip off a hunk of Lillian’s thick blond locks.

Without much thought for her own safety, May snatched the offending bonnet from the ground and leapt between Lillian and Princess. “Here is your enemy,” she said in a firm voice and pushed the bright bonnet into the filly’s mouth. It was the hat, not Lillian, that had offended.

Princess took the bonnet and shook it to bits while the stable manager used sheer strength to drag her a goodly distance away.

May stood frozen, her eyes tightly sealed now that the immediate danger had passed, and listened to the commotion all around her. Lillian whimpered while Lord Nathan and Iona tried in vain to sooth her.

“There now, that was a damned brave thing,” Radford said.

May’s heart skipped at the sound of his voice. He’d come to praise her for her quick thinking. She peeled open one eye and then the other.

The breadth of her gaze was empty.

Radford had bypassed her completely and taken the trembling Lillian into his arms. “I should expect any gentle lady to be frightened out of her wits after such an experience. Horses are so large, are they not? Their grand size must be offputting to women, especially those as dainty as yourself. You were so very brave, my lovely Lillian.”

Lillian clutched Radford’s coat and sobbed into his cravat.

“You seem shaken yourself, Miss Sheffers.” At least Lord Nathan had the decency to remember her valiant effort to save Lillian’s precious hair. “If you desire, you too may sob into my cravat and ruin it.” The smile he flashed was contagious.

“No thank you, my lord.” She gave a mock curtsy. “I believe I will endure.” Though his joking settled her discordant nerves, it did nothing to relieve the jealousy bubbling through her veins. It literally pained her to see Radford petting Lillian’s undamaged hair.

The emotional twit was unworthy of him. He should have set his cap for Iona, a much finer cut of womanhood. Surely May wouldn’t be plagued with a jealous heart if she were watching him seduce her friend, instead.

You are such a liar.

No one, not even her closest friend, could prove suitable for Radford. Budding romantic affection was turning out to be an illogical affliction. May hated the loss of control.

“My, Miss Sheffers, who has trampled on your grave?” Lord Nathan asked. “You look as angry as Princess did just moments ago. I won’t need to guard my hat from your gnashing teeth, will I?”

May smiled weakly and wandered off to sit on a bench set out under a smooth barked beech tree. Watching from a distance did help a little.

Radford was still petting and cooing over Lillian. Despite May’s efforts to close her mind, she could still hear everything said. Every word etched itself into her memory.

“Did you see what she did to my bonnet?” Lillian wailed. “That horrid, horrid girl fed my bonnet to your evil tempered horse. Her jealousy of me has always caused problems. And now she nearly got me killed.”

“I don’t think Princess’ behavior was May’s fault,” Lord Nathan drawled lazily. He looked oddly pleased with himself.

“You must have startled her, sweet,” Radford said in a voice smooth enough to sooth a colicky baby. He rubbed his hand up and down the length of Lillian’s arched back. May shivered from just witnessing such an intimate gesture. If his gentle hands were touching her back in that very same manner and if those words had been for her, she would be melting into a puddle of bliss.

Lillian didn’t melt. She twisted free, her cheeks blooming a bright red.

“You think I startled her?”

Radford tried to enfold her into his arms again. “Let me carry you inside. You can rest on the sofa and sip some warm tea while you compose yourself.”

Lillian punched his shoulders until he released her. “I want to go home,” Lillian shouted. Tears streamed down her pretty pink cheeks. “Just look what that evil tempered beast did to my new bonnet. Just look!” The straw bonnet lay scattered in shreds on the muddy ground. “How dare you blame me! I shall never forgive the monster. You will just have to sell her, my lord, or I shall never forgive you!”

She was fast becoming hysterical, her voice growing ever more shrill. Both Iona and May knew the warning signs only too well. The last time they had witnessed such a scene was three years ago after the duke had purchased several yards of shimmering exotic silks for Iona’s eldest sister and had refused to buy Lillian an equally expensive bolt.

“I think we should get her home,” Iona said quietly. “Thank you for your assistance, Lord Evers.”

He gave a curt nod and wrung his hands. “Of course.”

“I will walk the ladies Lillian and Iona home.” Lord Nathan gave a meaningful glance in May’s direction. “Perhaps you might wish to sooth Miss Sheffers? She, too, suffered a fright.”

One of Radford’s raven brows quirked up. “Indeed?” he asked and turned her way. “Have you suffered terribly, Miss Sheffers?” he called.

May rose from the bench, made as graceful a path as possible through the tall grasses, and rejoined the group. Her pride interfered with what her heart wanted to say. Interfered with her longing to bury herself in his soiled cravat and enjoy his closeness. “Of course not, my lord,” she said, her chin jutting in the air. “Lord Nathan is jesting at my expense.”

“Then you shall stay with the viscount and pet the filly’s nose?” Iona asked.

“And I will hold your hand,” Radford said before May could protest.

“What about me?” Lillian wailed.

Iona took her sister in her arm and led her to the bench May had been using. “You need to stop your sniffling. I will not walk through Bath with you in such a state. Tongues would wag for weeks.”

“She is in a temper,” Radford said as he assessed his new filly with a frown. The beast was still stomping the ground with her hoof and pulling on the reins. “I can’t imagine why. Perhaps we should keep our distance for now.”

May released a healthy sigh and thanked the heavens for the reprieve. “Another time, then?”

“Yes, another time.”

There would never be another time, of course. May and Radford could never be close, could never be friends. Not when her heart ached just from standing near him.

He touched her hand. The simple act stole her breath.

Five minutes later, May, Iona, and Lord Nathan led a much calmer Lillian from the field. May gave Radford a wave farewell that went unreturned. His attentions were on his horse, a frown shadowing his aristocratic features.

They were partway down Sion Hill when a great shout went out. A clamor of hooves beat a path adjacent to the road. May was the first to see her. The filly, pretty as her royal namesake, ran toward them, her reins fluttering unattended behind her. There was a primal beauty in her movement.

May stood transfixed as the powerful animal leapt over a wooden fence and landed not a yard away from her. Lillian screeched. Iona called a warning. The great horse seemed madly intent on getting at May, and she could have no hope of outrunning such an agile creature.

All she could do was hold her ground, close her eyes, and hope for the best as the thunder of hooves grew ever louder.

She had no great desire to die but could see no opportunity for escape. May kept her eyes tightly sealed and waited to be trampled to death.

A great velvety nose nudged her brow. May forced open her eyes and peered into Princess’ long face. The horse’s hot breath swirled all around her.

“You’re not going to hurt me?” May said with a bravado that had to be dredged up from her deepest depths. She spoke in the same quiet, refined manner Iona took whenever she grew agitated. The ploy worked. Princess nudged May’s shoulder and whinnied softly.

The leather reins hung at May’s feet. It was a simple task of taking them up and walking back up the road toward Radford’s Longbranch House. Princess followed like a motherless pup. It was a rather endearing experience.

The stable manager ran down the hill, followed by Radford, his lame leg practically dragging behind him. May winced at the pain he must be feeling. But he didn’t let the injury slow him. He passed the manager and stopped, breathing heavily, a few feet from May.

“Are you harmed? As soon as you went out of view, she bolted. I was terrified . . . she was running after Lady Lillian, perhaps. Thank goodness you stopped her,” he said while still trying to catch his breath. He looked pale, ill.

“Lady Lillian is unharmed, my lord,” May assured him. She worried at his wan complexion. He had overexerted himself, but she knew better than to inquire after his health.

His pride rivaled her own.

“She is half in love with Miss Sheffers, Evers,” Lord Nathan said. He had to pry Lillian off his arm to take a step toward them. “The filly ran straight to her and gave her a friendly nudge.”

Radford gave May a queer look then. He frowned and tilted his head, staring at her as if he were seeing her for the first time. May looked back, her insides trembling. Though she didn’t fully understand why, that timeless moment between them was yards more sensual than their first kiss.

A smile came naturally to her lips as she handed over the leading reins to him. “Good day, my lord.” Her voice sounded soft and husky. “I thank you for a lovely afternoon.”

Radford captured her hand before she could slip away and raised her knuckles to his lips. “My pleasure.”

A wealth of fantasies sprang into May’s fertile mind in reaction to those two simple words. My pleasure.

She prayed for a long, uninterrupted night of sleep.

Oh la, the dreams she planned to have . . .

My pleasure, he’d said.





Chapter 10

“You will simply have to sell the beast.” Lady Evers had risen from her lounge and strolled across the room. Her gown’s fabric billowed around her, reminding Radford of a feather helplessly caught in the hot summer wind. “I shiver at the thought of your Lady Lillian suffering such a fright. You must make immediate amends. Send her a household full of flowers. Purchase a lovely bonnet to replace the one your horse ruined. Pay her a visit to assure her of your concern . . . but first, get rid of the beast!”

Get rid of the beast? Princess was a horse he had worked years to acquire. Before leaving for the Peninsula, Radford had scoured the countryside for the perfect mare. The list of qualifications had covered three pages. The mare had to be a sturdy match for his powerful male, strong in areas where his best stallion was weak. The joining of two such animals should produce a horse worthy to be considered for the foundation of his stable.

Once such a horse had been located, Lyles, his stable manager, had worked for over a year to close the deal with the Duke of Grafton in Radford’s absence and arrange for his stallion to breed with the mare. The first horse born had been a male. A second breeding was required, since his stable needed a filly.

After six years of hard work, he had finally gotten to touch the results of his labor. She was a beautiful, lively young thing, too.

He would not give her up.

“It was just a silly bonnet, Mother,” Radford said. “Lady Lillian overreacted. Surprising really, she is supposedly a renowned horsewoman. A spirited filly shouldn’t have frightened her.” He thought of May then. She had been terrified to stand so close to the young horse. Her hand had shivered in his. Yet, she didn’t shrivel into a quivering mess when Princess attacked Lady Lillian’s bright ostrich-feathered hat.

Despite her fears, May had foolishly stepped between the startled horse and the hysterical Lady Lillian and prevented a true disaster. Amazing, really.

He’d seen her in a new light. A common lady dressed in a drab cotton gown and wearing a wide rimmed, straw bonnet with no ornamentation save for a single pale peach silk ribbon—she was by no means a raving beauty. But when he saw her leading his horse up the lane, he felt a sense of calm only the return to his Castlemain Hall and his vast fields of horses had ever given him. She was as earthy and natural as the spirited filly. He felt a strong sense of tenderness for Miss Sheffers. The silent attraction pulled him like none other.

“Radford!” His mother clapped her hands to recapture his attention. “Attend me. You aren’t taking this matter seriously enough. A young lady has delicate feelings. You must tread carefully.”

“Yes, Mother,” he said docilely. He’d agreed to marry, after all. And he had found Lady Lillian the woman who best matched his requirements. “I will send for flowers straight away.”

“And you will sell your new mare.” His mother would not let the point pass without a firm commitment . . . one which Radford was unprepared to give.

“I will look into the matter.”

“You will sell the beast.”

“Not until I understand what happened. And I will not discuss this further.” He stole from the room with his mother’s gasp haunting his ears.

She had suffered as much as he had. She deserved to be pampered and surrounded by happy grandchildren. He would give that to her, even if he had to sacrifice a little to do so. He would go as far as marriage to a silly emotional young woman like Lady Lillian.

He would not, however, give up his dream of developing one of the best stables in England.

* * * *

“I will not let you crush her dreams like you did with mine, Sires.”

May was approaching the upstairs drawing room, which also served as the library, with the thought of seeking out the horridly romantic novel Udolpho to lose herself in when she heard her aunt’s raised voice. She’d been home only long enough to change out of her mud-splattered gown and tame her unruly curls. She had no idea her uncle had made a surprise visit.

What he must think of her! She’d abandoned her aunt all afternoon to pursue some frivolities of her own. And to what gain? Her heart had only slipped farther down the bottomless void of love while she bruised her pride, ruined her dress, and unsettled her mind by a fearsome beast with heavy hooves.

“Crush them?” Uncle Sires said in an even tone. May nearly had to press her ear to the drawing room door to hear him. “Is that what you believe? I am not a heartless monster, Winnie. I have her best interests in mind when I make these decisions . . . just as I had yours so many years ago.”

“She will never be happy with him. He is too old. Admit it, Sires. You only paraded him here to hurt me.”

“To hurt you, dear sister?” What he said after that was lost in the heavy wood door separating May from the interior of the drawing room. Besides, eavesdropping was beneath her. She should be in the room at her aunt’s side.

May hesitated for just a moment before pushing the door open, beaming a smile toward her aunt, and then providing her uncle with an obedient curtsy. “I hope I didn’t stray from home too long, Aunt,” she said softly and pretended she had not heard a word of their strained conversation.

“This is why I worry after you,” Uncle Sires said with a grand wave in May’s direction. “She is wild, unreliable. She should be here with you, not traipsing through town like some hoyden.”

“She is young,” Winnie said. “She needs to spend time with ladies and gentlemen nearer her age, not be cooped up with some weakened old biddy like me.”

“She’s not that young. Four-and-twenty. Some would claim the child is already well set on the shelf.”

“You are not an old biddy,” May said over Uncle Sires. It was rude to speak out of turn and interrupt the head of the family. But she felt she needed to explain how she had never tired of her aunt’s company. “You are a delightful companion and always full of clever conversation.”

“Please—” Uncle Sires turned on May. “—don’t spout falsehoods to cover for your shortcomings. We all know you cannot bear to remain under a roof for long stretches of time. You are your father’s spawn . . . naught but a gypsy dressed in fashionable rags.”

His insults rarely pained May. Over the years she’d come to expect them from him. But for a worrying minute, his charge troubled her. She was discovering that she did indeed prefer a romp outdoors to a quiet read in the drawing room’s window seat. Did that mean there was something innately wrong with her?

Radford had teased her earlier that morning. He’d called her a shameless hoyden. Had he truly believed that of her?

“I love Aunt Winnie. I have never regretted a moment spent with her,” May said slowly with what her uncle called her unfettered gypsy tongue. “You must know that, Aunt.”

Winnie gave a short nod. “You will cease this foolishness, Sires. I will not listen to your opinion. You do not know May as I do. I daresay you never will.”

“But you must agree, sister. Tumblestone’s farm will give May ample opportunity to live a life free from high society’s constraints. No one in the village will hold the circumstances of her birth against her. No one will snarl if she spends the afternoon under the blazing sun. She will be happy.”

Happy? Somehow May could not see it. How could she be happy married to a man she didn’t know? A man older than her own father. How could she be happy with Mr. Tumblestone when another filled her heart?

No matter how she felt or the heated way Radford looked at her, she was no naïve girl fresh from the schoolroom. She knew there could never be anything between them. Winnie had taught May to guard herself.

“She will not be happy,” Winnie proclaimed as she rose from the cushioned chair. “She will not be happy with him.”

“Be reasonable—” Uncle Sires began only to clamp his mouth closed when Winnie shot him a sour look. She struggled without the aid of a cane or May’s arm to gracefully leave the room with an air of hauteur lingering in her wake. The effort must have been great. Aunt Winnie was as gray as a ghost by the time she reached the stairs outside the door.

May charged after her, thinking to lend a hand, when Uncle Sires stepped in her path and blocked the door.

“My sister’s emotional outbreak has nothing to do with you, child.” He spoke down to her with broad, round tones that could still frighten May all the way to the tips of her toes. His cold, brown eyes remained fixed on her as he gathered up his cloak, hat, and gloves. “Walk with me.”

May lowered her head and batted down a flaring desire to disobey him. “Yes, my lord,” she said suitably cowed.

Sires smiled, his lips thinning with the joyless expression. “Mr. Tumblestone is a fine gentleman, do you not agree?” he asked as they walked side by side down the narrow stairs. May was pressed up against the wall.

“I do not know him well enough to judge, my lord.” She had no great desire to learn more about Mr. Tumblestone, either. And now, with her aunt less than pleased with the match, May found her interests in Mr. Tumblestone fading fast. “He is old.”

“His age is of no great consequence, child. What with the rigors of the childbed, husbands naturally live much longer than their wives.”

That thought sobered May. “Has he buried many wives then?” she asked once they reached the front door.

“No, none. He has never been married, you see.”

“Never?” May found that hard to believe. He appeared to be a man of consequence, though meager when compared to her uncle’s standards, and he owned property. Such a man should have married to secure his future long before reaching an advanced age. “Why?”

“The reason is not important. He is willing to marry now. He is willing to marry you.”

The thought that a man, a consummate bachelor at that, should agree to marry a woman he had never met made May wary. “He was willing to take me as his wife before he met me. Why?”

“Why? To gain entrance into our family, of course.” He answered as if bucks and beaus should be banging down the door to offer their hand in marriage just to align their families with hers. Gracious, that was so far from the truth that May had to swallow a bubbling giggle that threatened to burst from her mouth.

“Do you have any more questions about him?” he asked. “I want you to feel comfortable when you accept his proposal next week.”

Accept his proposal next week? Sires must be mad.

“I-I don’t know him yet!” May shouted. “I can’t do it!”

His grim smile did not waver. “I will arrange for you to spend more time with him then. There is no need for all this womanly emotion. I am giving you a full week to become accustomed to the idea for Heaven’s sake.”

“You are giving me?” May sputtered, her anger now fully unleashed. “You-you are a pompous ass, my lord. You have no say in my life. None at all. I am only bowing to you and considering your wishes in deference to Aunt Winnie. If I choose to marry, it will be to the man of my picking . . . a man I can dearly love with all my heart. Something you surely know nothing about!”

Sires caught her chin in his thick hand and pinched it between his fingers. “You, child, will school your temper or else I will take a whip to you.” His voice was a harsh whisper. “I am still the head of this family and like it or not, you are part of my responsibility by my younger sister’s blood. Do you understand me?”

“Yes, my lord.” The answer came automatically.

His hand tightened on her chin. “You need to be beaten, child. This willfulness of yours is a bane to our entire family. Before you make any further rash decisions, consider your aunt’s health. Consider what your willful disobedience will do to her.”

He released her sore chin and looked as if he were contemplating abusing her right then and there. For several tense minutes the only sound in the hall came from a ticking grandfather clock. May held her ground and maintained eye contact with him the entire time.

“Consider your aunt,” he said as if May needed to be reminded. “I will bring Mr. Tumblestone by tomorrow morning.” Then he stormed from the house.

She would meet with Mr. Tumblestone in the morning, all right. Such a meeting would be most welcome for she planned to tell him exactly what she thought about her uncle’s heavy-handed attempt to marry her off to the first man he could find who would have her.

* * * *

After returning from their regular visit to the Pump Room the next morning, May donned a spotted muslin walking dress with short sleeves. Aunt Winnie had purchased the gown as a gift at the beginning of summer. May wasn’t particularly fond of the material. The rosy spots made her too noticeable. She much preferred the dull, faded colors filling her wardrobe. The gowns were worn and comfortable. Above all they allowed her to disappear into any social background, which pleased nearly everyone concerned.

However, since May had no plans to go visiting, she had chosen the dress to please her aunt. She didn’t mind sticking out in her own home. Let Mr. Tumblestone, who was due to arrive with her uncle within the hour, take notice of her. She wanted his complete attention when spurning his marriage offer.

Mr. Tumblestone was a kind man. She supposed he must be a good man. But, with Aunt Winnie’s blessing, May was determined not to become any man’s wife. If Uncle Sires persisted in holding her parents’ money ransom, she would simply seek employment as a lady’s companion.

With the details settled—at least in her mind—May waited anxiously for the men’s arrival. She looked forward to shocking her uncle while gently refusing the kindly old Tumblestone’s proposal.

The morning was bright and warm. Birds chirped pretty songs from high in the trees. Aunt Winnie was smiling again. Everything felt right.

The clock was striking the hour when Uncle Sires’ carriage rambled to a stop in front of the cottage. Portia put the kettle on the fire while May offered Winnie her arm and helped her settle into her favorite chair in the parlor.

“Be brave,” Winnie whispered a moment before the housekeeper led Sires and Tumblestone into the room. “As long as you are following your heart, you are doing the right thing.”

As the men crowded into the room, Winnie remained seated. She harrumphed a less than polite greeting. May, on the other hand, curtsied and murmured her welcomes. “The tea will be here presently,” she then told the men.

Mr. Tumblestone, his gray hair poking out from beneath his polished hat, smiled broadly at May. He took her hand and pressed his lips to her knuckles.

“I have been told that you and your uncle came to an agreement yesterday. Our future is forged. I am very happy.”

“So am I,” May said. She pried her hand from his bony grasp. “But you must allow me to speak, Mr. Tumblestone. No one can be certain of the future, do you not agree?”

“What nonsense are you spouting, child?” Uncle Sires approached, his round belly bounced with agitation. “I will permit no puzzling speech today. The banns have already been prepared. They are to be published this weekend. You will not confound us because your weak mind is suffering from a case of nerves.”

May tilted her head to one side and hazarded a glance toward her aunt. She sat serenely with her fingers steepled in front of her pursed lips. No one was going to come to her defense, May knew. She would have to do this on her own.

Her aunt’s presence in the room was support enough, she supposed. She didn’t want anyone fighting this battle for her. As a woman prepared to forge a new path in the world, she had to continue to think and act alone.

“I will strive to make my meaning as plain as possible, Uncle.” She smiled then and took the time to enjoy the tense calm. The silence would be short-lived. “Mr. Tumblestone, you have treated me with the greatest courtesy these past few days. For that, I am grateful.”

“You have a gentle manner, Miss Sheffers,” Tumblestone said. He produced a small box from an interior pocket of his coat. “We will rub together well. You will see.”

The lid of the box had been removed. A dazzling blue sapphire ring lay in a nest of pink silk.

The sight of the polished gold and glittering stone flustered May. She didn’t want his proposal. He wasn’t giving her time to explain.

“Please,” she took a step away from him. He was a very tall man and she had to crane her neck to peer into his eyes. “Please, put that away, sir.”

He took the ring from the box and followed her retreat. “I would rather slip it on your finger, Miss Sheffers.”

This was not going the way May had planned. They were supposed to listen to her well-scripted speech—not interrupt. Panic welled inside her. No matter how far they pushed her into a corner, she would not give into her fiery gypsy passions and shout her rejection.

Last night she’d lost her temper with Uncle Sires. She would not do it now.

So instead of shouting how uncomfortable Mr. Tumblestone was making her feel, she lifted her chin just an inch and tightened her jaw. “Sir, I thank you for your interests.” Her tone was so devoid of emotion it sounded utterly flat. “But to be brutally honest, I am feeling trapped. I do not know you at all well enough to accept your proposal. To quote my uncle, I am well on the shelf and have grown comfortable with the freedom such a position provides.”

“You stupid, stupid child. You have no freedoms!” Uncle Sires shouted. Perhaps he had a few drops of hot gypsy blood pumping in his own veins. “You have no money, no prospects, no choices. What do you plan to do, beggar yourself to your relatives?”

“I would never dream of it, my lord.” May dearly wished Iona could witness her grand performance. Such theatrics were wasted on so small an audience. “I plan to seek employment and pay my own way in this world.”

“Winnie—” Sires whirled around, the floorboards creaking. “—you schooled her to stage this rebellion?”

Winnie glared at him over her steepled fingers. “I support her decision.”

“And what of your health? Will you continue to refuse my offer to let me care for you?” Uncle Sires shouted loudly enough to make the porcelain figurines on the mantel rattle.

“I have no desire to live with an old despot,” Winnie declared. “I will make do on my own.”

What in blazes was her aunt saying? May couldn’t trust her hearing. Surely Winnie wasn’t refusing what promised to be a brighter future. Sires could provide for Winnie. He had more money and connections to the best medical practitioners.

“What is this?” May asked, feeling shocked . . . truly shocked. “What will you do, Aunt?”

“I will manage.” She continued to glare at her brother. “As I have often managed, alone.”

No. This could not be. They didn’t have the funds to afford their home, their food, or her aunt’s medical care. Winnie had to accept Sires’ help. There was no other way.

Before May could launch a protest, Mr. Tumblestone raised his hands and stepped forward. Thankfully, he had tucked the ring back into his coat pocket. “Miss Sheffers, will you stroll in the garden with me?”

“I do not believe this is the best time.” Even if it were, she had no desire to lead him on a merry chase. No matter what, she would not consider his suit.

Unfortunately, he wasn’t easily dissuaded. He captured her hand and gave her a little tug. “Please—I believe we should discuss our future.”

After May failed to twist her hand from the trap of his grasp, she relented. “Very well, sir. I shall stroll with you for but a moment.”

There was a bench out back under a spindly oak. Tumblestone led her there and pulled out a handkerchief. Always thoughtful, he laid the linen on the bench’s seat and invited May to sit upon it. He crossed his arms and waited for her to get settled.

“I do not know you,” he said bluntly. “I do not know your nature, and your background, quite frankly, worries me. After seeing what I have in regard to your temperament, I worry about our future.”

May opened her mouth to explain there would be no future for them, but he shot her such a sharp look she closed her mouth again.

“Let me tell you what has brought me here to make what most would consider an outrageous decision.” He paused until May gave a little nod. “You don’t know your uncle well. I suppose it is no surprise, though. You have spent very little time with him. Despite what you think, he is a good man.”

May scoffed at the thought. Her uncle was a bounder of the worst kind. He was a bully and a tyrant who took enjoyment from tormenting her to the point of tears.

“Five years ago I would have lost my lands. The reason is no longer important. What is important, though, is how your uncle supported me until the debts were cleared. I owe him everything I have.

“When he came to me in need of help, I gloried at the opportunity. Your aunt is ill. Dying, possibly.”

“I know only too well my aunt’s condition.” May turned her gaze down to the neatly scythed grass growing under her feet.

“Though the earl has a difficult time expressing it, he too is deeply concerned. He also knows that your aunt will not come to live with him willingly. They are cut from the same stone, those two. He had hoped that if your aunt saw you married and settled nearby, she would naturally follow.”

A lump settled in May’s throat. “Winnie’s welfare is very important to me. I would never do anything to hurt her.”

“Then agree to marry me.” He sounded so reasonable. “If your aunt doesn’t wish to live with her brother, she can live with us.”

The temptation to accept was great. With one simple word, May could vanquish her troubles.

But marriage? The lump in her throat threatened to strangle her. Her dreams, her silly womanly dreams of love, marriage, and happily-ever-after had somehow become hopelessly entwined with that handsome rake, that devil who had already set his cap for another. The pain ripped at her heart.

“Please, Mr. Tumblestone, do not rush me.” May needed time alone to think. “Give me a few more days before asking me to make such a decision.”

How had it happened? She never wanted it. It felt like the worst thing in the world, in fact. But the truth was wedged between her and Mr. Tumblestone like a very sharp sword, keeping the only rational option at bay. No matter how hard she tried, she could not deny what had become only too real.

She was hopelessly in love with Radford.





Chapter 11

A raucous clamor erupted from the front of the cottage and drowned out Mr. Tumblestone’s response to May’s plea for time. A sudden shout of laughter turned her attentions from his withering gaze.

“Portia said I might find you sitting under your favorite tree,” Iona called out as she bounded down the narrow path through the side yard, her skirts raised. A goodly portion of material was bunched in her fists. She looked delightfully young and playful, running at breakneck speed.

Iona hadn’t behaved so unladylike since before her come-out three years earlier. May couldn’t help but wonder, while feeling a bittersweet pang for the past, what intrigue had prompted this burst of hoydenish behavior.

“You must come around right away. You simply must—” Iona crashed to a hasty halt. Her face paled and she dropped her skirts. “Oh, dear. I didn’t realize you weren’t alone.” Iona’s sweet lilting voice had flattened into the soft, proper tone both women had been trained to make great pains to use. “Forgive me for intruding.”

Although Iona made a great show of being embarrassed, she made no move to leave. Mr. Tumblestone bristled at the intrusion and looked ready to bite Iona’s head off. He restrained his irritation, May supposed, only because he was making a grand effort to paint such a pleasant picture of himself and marriage.

His hands tightened into large fists. With a stiff back, Tumblestone gave a short bow. “Lady Iona,” he said. “A pleasure to see you again. Please, do join us.”

“Oh no, I couldn’t possibly stay,” Iona said and fluttered her hands about her breast. “What I mean to say is that you must come and see. You may come too, of course, Mr. Tumblestone.”

May rose from the bench, her curiosity peaked. “See what?”

“Lord Nathan has a new phaeton and Lord Evers has followed in a handsome landau. You simply must come and see.”

May found it hard not to get caught up in Iona’s infectious enthusiasm and join in the fun. Though she had never been a great fan of coaches, she always did enjoy a friendly ogle.

Even Iona appeared surprised when May abruptly sobered.

May clasped her hands while her gaze bounced between Iona and Mr. Tumblestone. For Aunt Winnie’s sake, she needed to curb her impulses.

“Mr. Tumblestone,” May said and cast a longing eye toward the front of the cottage. “Perhaps we should continue this discussion inside? I am sorry, Iona, but I cannot join you today. Perhaps another time?”

“But it is the fair’s last day today and the weather is ever so lovely.” Iona refused to budge and it would be rude to leave her standing in the back garden alone. “Perhaps you would wish to come as well, Mr. Tumblestone? You would be most welcome, I assure you. There should be plenty of room in Lord Evers’ landau. Oh, please say you will come.”

“What is this about a fair?” Uncle Sires ambled toward them. “Child, you must know there is a group at the door inquiring after you.” His gaze latched on Lady Iona’s. “Oh, I see you have already announced yourself, my lady,” he said rather rudely.

The earl and the Duke of Newbury had never rubbed well together. May’s finding such a close friend in his daughter and acceptance with the Newbury family had only rubbed salt into the tensions separating the two men.

“Lord Nathan and Lord Evers are escorting Lillian and myself to the country fair in Widcombe. I had hoped May and Mr. Tumblestone were available as well.”

“A fair in Widcombe?” Sires rubbed his chin.

“I had already declined the offer, Uncle.” May had no desire to be scolded unfairly since she had done the mature thing and refused the tempting invitation.

“You refused? Stupid child,” he muttered. “Of course Tumblestone will escort my niece to the fair. The delightful couple could use some time away from the doddering old folks in this cottage.”

Iona looked about ready to choke. May had a difficult time keeping from sputtering a laugh herself. Tumblestone was Uncle Sires’ age. The old farmer was doubtlessly hoping to escape back into the cottage and return to the doddering old folks instead trying to get away from them.

“I would be delighted,” Tumblestone said, not sounding at all pleased. He entwined his fingers with May’s and forced a vicious smile.

Regardless of anyone’s wishes, Sires had made up his mind. He handed May twenty pounds and declared she should spend the miniature fortune on useless baubles. May stared at the boon, feeling utterly flummoxed.

“Promise to keep a close eye on these two lovebirds, Lady Iona. I cannot allow anything untoward to happen that might besmirch the child’s reputation or rush the wedding date.”

May glanced up, expecting to find the ground above her and the clouds at her feet. Uncle Sires was acting so out of character, it made her head ache.

Even Iona was at a loss for words.

But her uncle wasn’t the sole cause of May’s topsy-turvy feelings. She had no idea what to think about riding in a landau with Mr. Tumblestone by her side while having to watch Radford pet and coo over the delicately beautiful Lillian.

The afternoon promised to be torturous. And yet, her heart could not help but slam against her chest in silent anticipation. Spending another afternoon in Radford’s company was her dearest wish . . . and her greatest fear.

* * * *

Why in blazes had he let Wynter talk him into this mess? Though the weather was pleasant and the air fresh, Radford longed to be anywhere but in Widcombe, spending time with not only the woman he was to wed but also with the woman he could not seem to get out of his mind. Unfortunately, those two women were not one and the same.

So far, he had a miserable time riding in his landau with Lady Lillian pressed to his side and twittering on about the fashions she’d spied in the Edgar’s Building shop windows that morning. He had a miserable time watching Miss Sheffers sit without letting her back touch the squabs and averting her gaze from both himself and the scowling Mr. Tumblestone. She was dressed in a lovely gown with a white-and-red spotted pattern that was cut specifically to display her generous contours.

If she wore such a garment every day, the poor gel would be overset with marriage offers. There was a lovely gem hidden underneath those ill-fitted, faded gowns after all.

The realization made Radford all the more miserable. Why in blazes had he agreed to step one foot out of his house?

The country fair in nearby Widcombe was crowded into the Widcombe Crescent common, a large grassy expanse, and spilled over into the neighboring fields. Many familiar faces filled the crowd. It appeared as if over half of Bath had decided to join in the frivolities.

Wynter and Lady Iona led the way past singing acrobats, street performances of popular morality plays, and street stands selling savory smelling meats and sugarcoated pastries.

“There is an ancient lady at the edge of the field, I am told,” Wynter explained. Mischief sparkled in his bright blue eyes. “She will tell your future for a mere two pence. Isn’t that a lark? We must all let her peek at our palms.”

“The devil, you say?” Tumblestone did not sound at all pleased. “Tis a sin to deal with fortune tellers or witchcraft. I shall not partake in this folly . . . nor shall Miss Sheffers.”

“Indeed?” Radford drawled, trying his best to make the word sound bored instead of strained. The brutal pace Wynter had set pained his foot since pride had kept him from bringing his cane. He stopped on the path to catch his breath.

“Do you agree, Miss Sheffers? Are you not curious what future this old woman sees for you?” He slanted a pointed glance in Tumblestone’s direction.

May turned her head away, apparently too smart to fall into the trap Radford had ungallantly set for her. A free spirit like May would undoubtedly enjoy the amusements of an old gypsy witch. “Would be a waste of money, my lord,” she mumbled.

“What nonsense, May,” Lady Iona said. “Your uncle gave you ample funds to waste today.”

“Not on sinful behavior,” Mr. Tumblestone snipped.

“I don’t see what the fuss is about,” Lady Lillian said. She dug her claws into Radford’s sleeve. “May doesn’t need a gypsy witch to read her palm. I daresay such a skill is inborn with the likes of her. The old witch might even be her grandmother. You can divine your own future, can you not, May? It is in your blood . . . your father’s gypsy blood.”

Her father a gypsy? “Preposterous,” Radford blurted. “Her mother is the daughter of an earl.”

“Believe what you like,” Lillian said with considerable spite. The emotion was most unbecoming on the lady’s youthful features.

Iona stuffed a fist into her mouth. Wynter blushed and muttered incoherently. No one really knew what to say. Radford half expected Miss Sheffers to burst into tears and run away.

Yet, the young miss was much too strong to do something as weakly feminine as that. Instead, Miss Sheffers stood her ground and stared up her nose at the taller, lovelier Lady Lillian. Without speaking one word, she effectively erased any lingering doubts from Radford’s mind.

This was Miss Sheffers, the one woman who ever dared call him a fool and who read not only the most horrid novels but soaked up all the classics. Above all, this was the woman who had forced him to see the harm he was doing to his body by rejecting that infernal cane. How could such a gently bred, courageous woman be tainted with feral gypsy blood?

“What a spiteful thing to say,” Radford scolded in a soft tone in a desperate attempt to break the tense silence. “You should not utter such lies, my lady.”

“You think I lie?” Lady Lillian squared her shoulders and looked immensely pleased with herself. “Ask May yourself. If she denies what I say, then you will witness firsthand a truly accomplished liar.”

Tumblestone was taking a keen interest in what Miss Sheffers might have to say for herself. “Well, miss? Deny the lady so we may continue on. People are beginning to stare,” he said.

May’s violet-colored eyes darkened several shades. She opened her dainty mouth a number of times to speak but never made a sound.

“This is foolish. Apologize, Lillian, for saying something so vicious,” Iona quickly came to Miss Sheffers’ defense.

“I will not.” Lillian tilted her head up. Tears were threatening her eyes.

Radford could only shake his head. No matter how hard he tried, his comprehension of the female species never improved.

“Perhaps we should continue then,” Wynter suggested. He sounded as uncomfortable as Radford felt. Moving on and putting the accusation behind him suited Radford just fine.

Unfortunately, Tumblestone had other thoughts on the matter. “Miss Sheffers, say something. Deny or affirm what the lady claims.”

May’s nervous glance danced from face to face. Finally she sighed, her shoulders slumped in defeat. “I can do neither,” she said. “You will have to speak with my uncle if you wish to know the truth.”

Ah. Another mystery surrounds the dear elfin princess.

Radford found himself perversely intrigued. He hoped his man-of-affairs returned soon with all her dirty secrets uncovered.

With nothing left to discuss, Radford took Lady Lillian’s arm and plodded a slow but steady path down the line of booths.

There was a gypsy witch waiting to be consulted.

The old woman was hunched and wrinkled. Her shaky fingers were gnarled like the limbs of an ancient oak. Her patched clothing flowed about her, displaying an array of bright colors. She wore a woolen kerchief on her head and had a large golden hoop piercing her earlobe.

Lady Lillian laughed nervously as she slipped the witch a few coins and offered her hand. The cloudy-eyed woman stared not at Lillian’s palm but into her face. She stroked Lillian’s long fingers and hummed softly for several moments.

“You are so lovely, dear. You turn so many men’s hearts, do you not? But what is beauty? What will it bring you? Oh dear, not much. Many frustrating years will pass before you find happiness,” the witch bent forward and whispered in a thickly accented voice.

Lillian snatched back her hand and clutched it to her chest. “Is that all you have to say, you old fraud?”

The old woman shrugged. “Do not despair overmuch. You are yet young.”

Iona took Lillian’s hands and cooed gentle words to the sensitive girl while Wynter slipped the witch two more coins. When she reached out to take his palm, Wynter captured Radford’s hand, peeled off his glove, and held it for the old woman to peer into.

“What in the devil?” Radford protested.

“Just listen to what she has to say.”

Funny thing, the witch had nothing to say. Her eyes grew wide as she stared deep into the center of Radford’s palm.

“Perhaps I’m supposed to be dead already,” he quipped.

“Oh no,” she said, shaking her head violently. “You have a very strong lifeline. Only,”—she traced a path down the center of his palm with her crooked finger—“you are not living it.”

“Not living it? Then what am I doing here, if not living?”

“Hiding, I suppose. Hiding from everything that should be important to you. Use that limp as a shield, do you not?”

She pulled on his arm with a surprising burst of strength, forcing him to crouch down so she could whisper into his ear. “Beware, my lord. There is no hiding from your heart. The universe will not allow it.”

Just like Lady Lillian, Radford drew his hand back as if the witch had stung him. Something wicked curled in his stomach as her words wound their way through his body. He shook himself and gave a short laugh. The witch was good. Her theatrics rivaled the best actors he’d ever seen grace the stage.

“How droll,” he said. He laughed again to cover up a sense of foreboding sneaking up inside him, warning him that the witch had hit the mark. “You have earned your money.” Radford tossed her a few extra coins before jamming his hands into his pocket and returning to Lillian’s side.

He lavished his pretty lady with attention and listened with only half an ear while the gypsy witch promised Wynter he would soon make his father proud and find love in a surprising quarter. Lady Iona’s reading was just as benign and vague as Wynter’s.

When the witch turned her watery gaze on May, Mr. Tumblestone renewed his protests against the sinful activity. “You will not gain a cent from me, you old crone. So stuff your filthy hand back into your skirts.”

A wry, otherworldly smile creased the old woman’s features. May had the grace to give the poor soul a gracious nod before letting Tumblestone lead her away.

“Perhaps we could move farther away from the farm animals,” Lillian suggested. “The smell is disgusting.”

Before the group could agree on a new activity, the old witch hobbled up and wrapped her withered hand around May’s arm. The woman’s wild gaze was a frightening sight.

“It is dangerous to pretend to be something you are not,” she hissed the words before anyone could come to May’s rescue. “You would be wise to cease playing such games, dearie—especially with yourself.”





Chapter 12

The witch vanished into the crowd. Her departure left May gaping like a fool. The old woman had voiced the words she had refused to let her own heart speak for far too long.

She was pretending to be something she wasn’t.

“Did that gypsy harm you?” Radford had cupped her cheeks and crouched slightly so he was eye level with her. His fingers gently traced the line of her jaw.

“What?” May felt suddenly overwhelmed by his close, masculine presence. “I am fine.”

“She doesn’t look fine,” Wynter said.

“She is fine,” Tumblestone argued. With a heavy hand, he yanked May away from Radford and hooked his arm with hers. “This is nonsense, I say. Utter nonsense spouted by a crazed crone. I do not like the atmosphere here. It is not a proper place for a young lady. I demand we return to Bath at once.”

That was the last thing May wanted. To return to Bath would mean her adventure with Radford would end. Her return would put her in a position where she felt compelled to accept Mr. Tumblestone’s suit.

It is dangerous to pretend to be something you are not.

They should return as soon as possible. To pretend she was a lady—to pretend she was someone Radford could love was dangerous. She could lose her heart if she wasn’t careful.

“I would like to stay.” The stubborn words rolled off her tongue despite all of May’s good judgment. “We have only just arrived, and there is still so much to see.”

She should enjoy the afternoon. What else did she have to lose when Radford already owned her heart . . . whether he wanted it or not.

* * * *

Lady Lillian was refined, young, and hailed from a good family. She was everything Radford wished for in a wife. It wasn’t as if he really needed to like the girl. He lingered behind while watching Lillian and Iona flit through the crowds from stall to stall, admiring the simple wares and buying whatever made them smile. Iona had locked arms with May and dragged the elfin princess along with her. May rarely smiled as they shopped. Though she admired many swaths of colorful, exotic fabrics and volumes of battered old books, she never once opened her reticule to make a purchase.

After a while, the group wandered back out into the field where the gypsies had made their camp. Some passing acquaintances had mentioned a collection of antiques for sale from the mysterious lands of the East.

The trail to the battered wooden caravan led them down a dusty path where tall grasses reached out and brushed against their legs. Lillian, the fair-haired beauty who perfectly suited him, whimpered with every step. She despaired over the dirt clinging to her gown until Radford begrudgingly agreed to lift her into his arms.

May uttered no such complaints. For a woman who admitted to being frightened of animals and uncertain of what to do in the wilderness, she plodded through the tall grasses as if her small body was made to spend long hours strolling in the out-of-doors.

Strands of her amber hair slipped from their pins and hung loose down her back. Her straw bonnet sat askew on the top of her head, bobbing with each step. She was truly a creature of the earth. Perhaps she did have a touch of gypsy blood in those veins. Perhaps that was why she’d been able to bewitch him with those haunting eyes.

His desire for her was strong enough to make him rethink his values. A man in his position could use a solid woman like Miss Sheffers as a mistress. Having her by his side would make him a better man.

What could be the harm with that? He would take care of her and protect her from leering old men like Mr. Tumblestone.

“Oooo,” Lady Lillian squirmed out of his arms. “They are lovely.” Her eyes glistened at the sight of three unusual figurines on a small table in front of a colorful tent. They were crafted from the finest bone china.

For once Radford had to agree. The figurines, a trio of wood sprites, were frozen forever in the middle of some pagan dance. Heads thrown back, limbs light and jaunty, and gowns flowing, they appeared to be moving to some ancient tune in the liquid-smooth china.

Radford studied them while sneaking glances toward his own personal mystical creature. All three smiling faces were the very image of Miss Sheffers.

“They are quite well made,” he commented. He picked one up, turned it over in his hand, and stroked the figurine while thoughts of Miss Sheffers tripped through his mind.

She leaned forward and peered at the figurines. A broad smile brightened her features at the sight of the fairy creatures.

A naked longing lurked deep in her eyes and could not be overlooked. Had she seen something in the way those figurines danced freely? Did she too long for such freedom? Perhaps she too saw the image of herself in their lovely faces.

“They remind me of an amazing woman I happened upon not long ago on Beechen Cliff,” he said just loud enough for her ears. “She possessed a spirit as free as these imps, do you not agree?”

“I am sure I don’t know what you are talking about, my lord,” May said, her entire being bristling. She didn’t step away, though. She continued to silently admire the small statuettes.

“Perhaps one day you will let your hair down and dance with such abandon for me?” He knew the suggestion would scandalize her, but he could not stop his tongue. Goading her prudish façade proved far more enjoyable than any thoughts of restraint.

She slanted a questioning glance in his direction. “You mock me,” she whispered. With a single step back from the gypsy’s treasures, May tried to fade into the surroundings.

Well hell, that was the last thing he wanted her to do.

“You don’t have to run away,” he turned around and said to her.

Mr. Tumblestone inched closer to May in an overt show of ownership. His glare fixed on Radford. An unspoken challenge lay on the ground between them. Radford had a mind to stand up to the old fool and win May for himself.

It took Lady Lillian to remind him of his duty to both her and his mother. She tugged on his arm and pouted prettily.

“What is it, my lady?” he asked. Heaven help him, Lillian’s neediness tried his patience.

“I have spent all my money,” she said softly. She wrinkled her button nose and batted her long lashes. “Oh la, and I simply adore those figurines.”

Radford patted the hand she had latched onto his sleeve. “It is never wise to make your selection before considering all your options.” His gaze unwillingly traveled to May.

Her ribbons were drooping. Her curls were fast becoming a riot of tangles. And she was glowering at him with the most honest expression of dislike he could ever hope to see. All and all, he found her quite irresistibly adorable.

“It is unwise to ruin your one chance for happiness by acting rashly, don’t you agree?” he said.

Lady Lillian’s frown deepened. “But, Lord Evers, you could buy me the figurines if you truly wished to.”

He had a feeling his wishes didn’t merit in this case. His feelings would never merit when it came to Lady Lillian. She was a selfish child.

Not a woman prepared to . . . to . . . what did he expect from marriage other than children?

In trying to hide from a future with a leg that would never heal, he had failed to picture his life in the years and decades ahead of him. What would he want from a wife?

“I will buy you one of the three, my lady, to teach you a lesson. You cannot always have what you want. Sometimes you have to make a choice. I wonder. Which one will you choose?”

“You are a tease, my lord,” she purred. The perfect coquette, the lady literally dripped with sensuality.

Oddly, her charms bored Radford. He watched with disinterest as she lifted each figurine and explained what about it she simply adored. Lady Iona joined in the fun.

Wynter wandered off in search of more interesting entertainments while Lillian remained undecided.

May battled a tiny baby goat that wanted nothing more than to eat the silk flowers stitched into the hem of her gown. Her nudging the little brown and white scamp with her gloved hand only made it more determined to play with her. She let slip a husky laugh when the little guy rammed her leg.

Tumblestone ruined the fun. He swung his stout leg at the playful beast and would have struck it if May hadn’t put herself in his way. The toe of his boot struck her shin.

She rubbed her leg and laughed off the pain. But there was a definite limp in her step when she clapped her hands and chased the little goat back into the field.

Radford ground his jaw, aching to kick that bounder Tumblestone a few times in her defense. He couldn’t, though. His interference wouldn’t be welcomed or appropriate. Miss Sheffers had already made her feelings abundantly clear. She wanted nothing to do with him.

But what did she want?

Certainly she couldn’t seriously be considering marriage to a man like Tumblestone. He was too old, too staid for her. Such a marriage would break her spirit. Her rare smiles had grown strained and her unpredictable personality had turned subdued after only a few hours in his company.

“This one.” Lady Lillian held up a figurine. The porcelain wood sprite was curtsying with her head thrown back in a laugh.

“Very well,” he drawled. He considered offering to purchase one for Lady Iona as well, but she had wandered away from the figurines and was busy speaking with one of the gypsy traders about a necklace with a large purple gem. Wynter had joined her and looked prepared to guide the lady in her purchase.

Radford had no wish to leave without the other two wood sprites. As unbelievable as it seemed to him, the lithe figures charmed him.

“And you, Miss Sheffers, what do you wish for? Do you by chance long for one of these treasures?”

She appeared startled by the question. She quickly blinked away a sheen of tears and turned away.

He’d expected her to tell him his charity was unwelcome, though he had secretly hoped she would beg prettily for the pair of fairy figurines. Never, not in a world of possibilities, had he dreamed she might grow misty-eyed.

“It is getting late,” she said, refusing to answer his question. “Aunt Winnie will be worrying after me.”

“Very well.” He paid for Lady Lillian’s present and offered the simpering miss his arm. As they worked their way through the crowd, Radford could not keep his mind off the two stranded figurines.

May deserved to own them.

They were nothing more than a pair of simple baubles—naught but toys for adults. He must have lost his mind.

“Please excuse me a moment.” He unhooked his arm from Lillian’s. “Wynter, please look after my sweet confection,” he said and graced his companion with an indulgent smile. “I believe I see an old acquaintance. I won’t be but a minute.”

“But I would like to meet—” Lady Lillian started.

Radford pressed a finger to her lips. “Not this time.”

“Don’t be too long, Evers,” Wynter said rather impatiently. “We’ll wait for you at the landau.”

With a jaunty step, which was quite a feat considering the pains in his swollen foot, he returned to the gypsy caravan and purchased the two remaining figurines. A gift, he thought. Surely there was nothing improper with him wanting to give May a symbol of his gratitude. She had talked him into using his cane.

That blasted cane. He dearly wished he’d overcome his pride and brought it with him to the fair. His concern over what Lady Lillian might think if she saw him constantly dependant on it had stopped him.

“Buying your intended the other two ornaments, I see.” Tumblestone fell into step with Radford.

“Something like that,” Radford muttered. Gentleman or not, he had no desire to converse with the old farmer. “Where is Miss Sheffers?”

“She was happy giggling with those two silly hens. And I wanted to have a word with you in private.”

“Indeed?” Private wasn’t an accurate description of the crowded Widcombe Commons they were crossing. “Wynter said he would look after all three of them? I’ll owe him for that. He is a bachelor who enjoys his women, but not all at once. And definitely not the marrying variety.”

Tumblestone chuckled. “S’pose I envy him. We’re on the same quest, you and I. Here we are, two confirmed bachelors, and now marriage looms heavy on the horizon, does it not?”

“Family responsibilities require it.” Radford stiffened. He had no desire to have this discussion with Tumblestone. Morbid curiosity forced him to ask the question though, “Why would you wish to change your ways?”

“You could say the right offer came along.” A curious expression darkened Tumblestone’s stark features. He had the smug look of a man emerging from a gambling hell with his pockets filled with blunt and a deck of marked cards tucked up in his hat.

“I see,” Radford drawled.

“I am afraid you might not,” Tumblestone said. “I have watched the way she looks at you.”

“The way she scowls, you mean?” Radford used his devil-may-care tone. He’d spent many years perfecting his roguish manner and could call it up at will. “Miss Sheffers would wish to curse me, I’m afraid.”

“You don’t believe that, do you?” For a thunderous moment Tumblestone reminded Radford of his father. He half expected the man to cross his arms and sigh. “She has developed feelings for you, the foolish girl. I don’t appreciate your encouraging her unschooled impulses. I don’t know what you have in mind, but she will not be your mistress.” Tumblestone raised a large fist. The old man possessed a workman’s strength and could no doubt hold his own in a fight.

Radford had no desire to test his mettle. “You mistake my intensions, sir. I do not even find the imp attractive.”

“Forgive me, my lord.” Tumblestone backed down immediately. Apparently the frosty glare and the little lie did the trick. “I meant no disrespect. Just—and I’m sure you can understand—I am unable to give Miss Sheffers the discipline she sorely needs until after the marriage. I must woo her . . . win her trust. But she is such a flighty, empty-headed chit. She sorely tries my patience, I’m afraid. Fortunately, there is nothing about her that a heavy hand cannot correct.”

Merciful Heavens. And Radford had been worried about Tumblestone breaking May’s spirit? She’d be lucky not to be physically broken after just a few months living with this monster.





Chapter 13

“Please tell me you have some news for me about Miss Sheffers’ situation,” Radford said in place of a greeting as his man-of-affairs hurried into the study with a bundle of papers tucked under his arm. After having suffered a sleepless night, he’d sent a messenger to fetch Bannor at first light.

He had to stop May’s marriage plans. He simply had to. If not for that blasted eviction letter, she wouldn’t have given a man like Tumblestone the time of day. She was an independent woman, lively and vivacious.

The simplest solution to her problem was the very one that had kept Radford from finding sleep. Not because it was impossible, nor because it tossed logic out the window. Just considering it made his blood race.

He could marry Miss Sheffers.

“I wasn’t able to uncover much about the young miss, my lord. But I did learn some interesting things about her family.” Bannor adjusted the glasses on his nose and settled into a chair. He took his time organizing the papers in front of him on the desk.

Radford had too much energy to sit still. Leaning on his cane, he paced the length of the room. His patience quickly ran thin. He didn’t have time for Bannor’s efficiency. “Well? Don’t hold me in suspense. What have you found, man?”

Bannor fiddled nervously with his glasses again. “Just-just a couple of wills.” He scrambled his papers in search of a particular sheet. “I don’t have a copy of the documents, mind you. Just pieces of gossip from a boy I hired to glean information from the servants working at Redfield Abbey.”

“Redfield Abbey?” Bannor’s thoroughness impressed Radford. He wouldn’t have thought to send someone to snoop around the Earl of Redfield’s servants.

“Yes, my lord. I hope you don’t mind,” Bannor asked nervously.

“No, of course not. What did you find?”

Bannor cleared his throat. “Appears the Redfield ladies and the current earl rarely see eye-to-eye. When the earl severed ties with his youngest sister for marrying without his permission, his grandmother wrote him out of her will. She left her small fortune instead to this sister.”

“And this sister is—?” Radford asked.

“Lady Viola, Miss Sheffers’ mother. I still haven’t been able to uncover why these funds have been recently seized by the courts, but I have a niggling feeling the earl is responsible.”

“Keep working on that, then.” Radford resumed his pacing. “And what else have you discovered?”

“Another interesting story. The earl’s mother is still alive. And though very old and feeble by all accounts, she still possesses her wits. Not long ago, she and the earl had a falling out, and she changed her will, leaving Lady Winifred all her worldly possessions.”

“All her worldly possessions? And what would that entail?”

“Much more than a few diamond necklaces, it would seem. According to my source, the dowager countess holds ownership to a small estate in London and to a vast amount of farmland adjacent to the Redfield Abbey estate.”

“I see.”

“I don’t think you do, my lord. The property the dowager countess is so willing to give over to her eldest daughter accounts for more than half of the earl’s income. His lifestyle could change considerably upon his mother’s death.”

* * * *

Uncle Sires’ manner toward May had softened considerably the next day. Though he still never smiled in her presence, his scowl was less defined.

“I am pleased you enjoyed your outing with Mr. Tumblestone yesterday,” he said to her during a brief encounter at the Pump Room that morning.

He was pleased?

Nothing involving May had ever pleased her Uncle Sires. This was truly a momentous occasion. Though May had long ceased wishing for his approval, this small crumb thrilled her.

She smiled like a dimwit as she took her turn around the Pump Room with Winnie. Everything would be perfect that morning if not for her aunt’s health. Poor, dear Aunt Winnie was feeling weak again today. She leaned heavily on May’s arm and kept her lips pressed tightly together.

Iona and Lillian joined them as they approached the glaring statue of Beau Nash located at one end of the Pump Room.

“You look absolutely bedraggled, Iona,” May gasped. Her friend’s hair was slipping from its pins and her dress was splattered with mud.

“A wild horse nearly ran her down,” Lillian explained in that whisper soft voice of hers. “Just outside the entrance, no less. Mamma suffered a fit of vapors and had to be carried home in a sedan chair, the poor dear.”

“Oh my,” May gasped. Horses could kill a person.

“The wild beast reminded me of that monster Lord Evers had purchased. He’s going to sell that horse, you know. Mamma said he would. Said his mother heard him curse the vilest words and decry how it had nearly killed me.” She batted her eyes and looked immensely pleased. “He sent me a roomful of flowers as an apology.”

A knife turned in May’s gut. “How wonderful,” she said. Her pleasure at her uncle’s approval faded away.

“It was just a simple vase full of posies,” Iona muttered.

“It was a rather large vase though. No matter, Mamma says he plans to offer for me. He is smitten. I don’t think I will give him an answer right away. I am only nineteen, after all. Perhaps I shall let him pine for a while and make him prove himself worthy of my interests.”

May didn’t think she could listen to another word.

“I’m so very happy for you,” she lied.

* * * *

“There is more,” Bannor said.

“More?” The thought of the earl’s sudden interest in marrying off his sister’s caretaker was chilling enough.

“I took the liberty of asking around about Mr. Tumblestone. He is the fellow who has—”

“Yes, yes.” Radford waved his hand. “I know bloody well who he is.”

“Did you also know that some thirty odd years ago Lady Winifred had run away with Mr. Tumblestone? They would have been secretly wed over the anvil in Scotland if the earl hadn’t intervened.”

“And now the earl is parading Tumblestone under his sister’s nose and forcing her dearest niece to marry the one man she once loved? That must be torture for Lady Winifred. How will that help him after his mother dies?” Radford resumed his pacing.

“I don’t know, but there is rumor running through the servant’s hall that Mr. Tumblestone will receive a pretty penny for agreeing to take Miss Sheffers to wife.”

* * * *

Lord Nathan Wynter bowed grandly and made a big show of greeting the women in the middle of the Pump Room. “The viscount sends his apologies. He had some pressing business come up this morning.”

Lillian glowed and latched onto his arm. “How thoughtful, Lord Nathan. He didn’t want me to worry after him so he sent you, the considerate man. I will have to scold him for neglecting me, of course. Though I think I know what business he might be attending to.” Her gaze flitted to her empty finger.

May could only watch with growing despair. To remain in Bath and be forced to feign happiness for Lillian and Radford’s nuptials would be more than she could bear. Heaven help her, she needed to escape.

And Aunt Winnie needed caretakers more able than she. Her aunt’s steps slowed until they were nearly at a stop.

Lillian, Iona, and Lord Nathan plodded forward and were drawn into a conversation with one of Lord Nathan’s acquaintances. Iona gave May a little wave before strolling on ahead.

“Let me take you home,” May said, worrying over her aunt’s flagging step. “I have had quite enough for today myself.”

“I am sure you have. Has that silly chit truly enchanted our Lord Evers?” Winnie whispered the question. For the briefest moment color flooded her aunt’s cheeks, turning them a healthy pink. She looked more animated than she had in days. “He’s more the fool than I initially suspected. What shall we do?”

May’s heart dropped down and landed in the pit of her stomach. How could she tell her aunt that there was no hope for a relationship between her and the viscount? She led Winnie from the room and into the bright sunlight. The day promised to be as warm and inviting as the last—a sharp contrast to the storm brewing in May’s heart. They walked silently down the colonnade toward Cheap Street.

“He has said we could remain in the cottage for as long as we want,” May said finally. “He said he was not interested our money.”

“Oh dear.” Winnie picked up her pace and pinched her niece’s arm. “You haven’t done anything foolish, have you May?”

May’s cheeks stung from a sudden rush of embarrassment. “No, Aunt, no. I would never.”

Winnie sighed. “Has he asked you to?”

“He says he doesn’t want me like that . . .”

“But?”

“He kissed me at the Newbury’s concert.” May felt utterly wicked. A decent lady should never confess such a thing, not even to her loving aunt.

Still, Winnie wasn’t satisfied. “And?”

“And nothing. It was naught but a simple kiss.” A simply wondrous thing that had set her body on fire.

“There is no such thing as a simple kiss between a young woman such as yourself and a man like the viscount. What shall we do?”

The bright gleam in Aunt Winnie’s gaze was identical to the look Iona would get when she was hatching a scheme. There was trouble afoot. May needed to proceed with her plans with great caution.

Uncle Sires was right. Aunt Winnie needed someone better able to care for her. Unfortunately she wouldn’t willingly leave May’s side unless she knew May wouldn’t be left alone and penniless. Marriage was the only logical solution.

By all accounts, Lord Evers would be proposing to his Lady Lillian this evening. There was no reason for May to continue to torture herself. He was never a man she could ever hope to have. Her uncle had taught her that lesson only too well. Because of her birth—because of who she was, respectable society could never accept her. She was not a worthy candidate for such a fairytale marriage.

And there was Mr. Tumblestone.

He was willing.

She would send a note around to her uncle. “Please don’t worry overmuch about me, Aunt. I am a sensible woman. Matters of the heart are problems for simpletons and fools. I am quite immune.”

“Very well.” Winnie did not sound convinced.

May would have to act before her well-meaning aunt could set a plan into motion. She would never own Radford’s heart. She didn’t need to, either. After tonight, her future would be set. There was truly no other viable option.

“I will be happy,” she said, not at all confident she spoke the truth. “I promise, Aunt, I will be happy.” Marriage to Mr. Tumblestone promised to be a great challenge to those bold assurances of happiness.

* * * *

“What about Miss Sheffers? Were you unable to find anything more about her background?”

“Besides the fact that her parents recently died abroad, no.” Bannor paused and looked as if he were carefully weighing his words. “The servants are tight lipped about her. The earl can’t abide to be near her, that much was made clear. My boy thinks there is something buried in her past. Something no one is brave enough to even whisper.”

Something like her father’s gypsy heritage? Could it be true? If it were, his wild idea of marrying May just grew several degrees more impossible.

“Dig into her father’s background. Find out who he was, and who his parents were.”

“Yes, my lord.” Bannor gathered up his papers and started for the door. “Oh, my lord. Please do accept my fondest congratulations.”

“For what?”

“Your mother says you are to marry one of the Duke of Newbury’s daughters. You couldn’t pick a wife from a more respectable family.”





Chapter 14

Radford studied the two porcelain woodland sprites he’d set on the mantel, unable to decide which one to keep and which one to give to May.

One sprite had shamelessly pulled up her skirt and bared her leg as she danced, frozen in time by the hardened clay. A truly free soul. Her hair flowed about her shoulders and flowers wreathed her head. This was how he wished to see May. This was how a fairy-princess should appear. He lifted the tiny statue and turned it over in his hand. Even the dimples on the sprite’s round cheeks looked like May’s.

The second figurine appeared much more subdued by contrast. Her slender hands covered her mouth and she was turning away to cover a blush. The artist had been adept at capturing detail though. The dainty woman’s eyes were peering back, as if perversely drawn to whatever had made her shy away.

The artist could have used May as a model for this figurine. She hid from her joyous nature, only allowing precious glimpses to occasionally escape.

So which one did May deserve? The image of her shrinking away from society . . . away from love and life? Or the image of the free spirit she should no longer deny?

He could give her both.

Presenting her with even one, no matter how trivial, would be viewed inappropriate. He was a bachelor contemplating marriage to another. She was a maid rushing into a disaster he felt honor-bound to stop. The gift wouldn’t be well received. He wasn’t going to fool himself on that point.

What was wrong with giving her both figurines?

Selfishness, Radford supposed.

A strong desire to keep both for himself burned in him. He wanted the reckless elfin creature and the shy, frightened innocent fey princess. Both charmed him. And, he suspected, one couldn’t exist without the other.

Since he’d already decided to give her one, he forced himself to come to a decision. Just like the gypsy witch had suggested, May deserved her freedom. He picked up the wild, dancing woodland sprite and held it so it shined in the ray of sunlight streaming through a large window. She needed to be given the opportunity to dance and shine in full view.

Radford would give it to her and keep the memory of the other hidden away. To cherish . . .

And love.

He carefully wrapped the shy woodland figurine in a linen handkerchief and tucked it into his breast pocket so she could rest just above his heart.

He scooped up the other and jammed his beaver hat onto the crown of his head, with the intention of paying May a visit straight away. Whether she wanted to or not, he would make her accept his gift.

“There you are, Radford.” His mother sailed into the room. She wore another light gown that floated about her ankles as she crossed into the drawing room.

Lillian’s mother, the Duchess of Newbury, lagged a mere step behind. Good manners had Radford removing his hat and greeting the women politely. He dropped May’s figurine into his pocket.

“That lazy butler of yours should have brought the tea up by now. You really must have a word with him.” His mother shot a troubled glance in the duchess’ direction. “Bachelors are such helpless creatures. They really do need a strong-willed lady to take the servants well in hand.”

Never, not even in his wild youth, had Radford been careless with his servants. He was fair but stern, expecting they return as much effort and respect as he gave them. The accusation against Jeffers grated his nerves mainly because she’d criticized a butler worthy of praises.

“Mother, I will not—”

“You don’t have to do anything, my dear. We have the matter well in hand.”

“You do?” Radford picked up his hat again. He would worry about the women’s scheming later. Someone had to warn May of Mr. Tumblestone’s not so honorable reason for wanting to marry her.

It was his experience that young women in such dire conditions often acted in haste. Time was definitely of import.

“Very well. You can get along well without me then.”

“Radford!” his mother screeched. She latched onto his arm with an amazing strength. “You must be a part of this. We are planning your marriage.”

Of course they were. He gritted his teeth and tossed his hat onto a nearby chair. Why else would his mother and the duchess gather together and search him out? The new-bride shine in their eyes should have set off all sorts of warning chimes in his head. He’d seen the glow in the eyes of dozens of young besotted ladies and their beaming mothers before his injuries turned him into a creature to be pitied.

“Heaven forbid I miss such a momentous discussion. Remind me, Mother. Who, pray tell, have you decided to marry me to?”

“Radford,” his mother scolded while the duchess sucked in a deep breath and looked quite unabashedly shocked. “He’s joking, duchess. Not in good taste, mind you.”

Radford stood his ground. “Since I have yet to formally declare myself to any woman, you must understand my confusion.”

“I certainly do not understand you.” His mother shook a slender finger at him. “Your jest has gone too far. Apologize to the duchess at once.”

The duchess did appear on the verge of a fit of apoplexy. Her cheeks were turning beet red as she continued to gasp for air.

“Are you choking?” he asked, truly concerned. “Perhaps some water would help?”

“She is in need of an apology, Radford.”

“I apologize then. I am sorry to cause you such distress, your grace. Though, I certainly haven’t a clue why you should be so concerned over your youngest daughter’s prospects. She is young, beautiful, and possesses the refined qualities any gentleman would desire in a wife.”

“She is so young and impressionable,” the duchess managed to sputter between gasps.

“Are you certain you wouldn’t want me to fetch a glass of water?” Radford pressed, his concern growing. “You really must sit down.” He led her to the closest chair and helped lower her into the seat.

“She-she is in love with you, my lord,” the duchess whispered as she continued to struggle for a smooth breath. “I would hate for her innocent heart to be broken . . . shattered. She has such tender emotions.”

Lady Lillian with tender emotions? They must be well hidden. Radford rubbed his chin. A sizzling dread landed in his chest. Could he have misread the silly girl? Could he have completely overlooked her hidden depths?

Possibly . . . probably . . .

He was a bounder. His interests had been too focused on the very unsuitable May Sheffers. What a wreck he’d caused. Both ladies were in danger of having their hearts bruised, thanks to him.

Radford leaned heavily on his cane as he plodded his way to the closest window. The sun shone brightly on the fields. He glimpsed his star horse, the lively Princess, frolicking with one of his younger geldings.

His future stretched out before him in that field. But with his old life gone, nothing but disappointment waited for him out there. He was trapped in a world where he could no longer enjoy the freedom only riding a horse could bring him.

What kind of husband would he make any woman? No one, not even the trying Lady Lillian, who was his perfect match, deserved to suffer so.

“Are you certain of her feelings toward me?” he asked the duchess. The thought that the young lady might be in love with him was met with a great deal of alarm. “She couldn’t possibly be in love. We have only just met.”

The duchess mournfully wagged her head from side to side. “She sees only bliss and happiness. She is young yet, Evers. Your attentiveness to her has completely won her regard. I pray your rejection will not inflict irreparable harm.”

“Rejection?” Lady Evers called. “What is this nonsense about rejection?”

“I just wish to slow down. I had hoped to woo the lady without—”

“Hush, boy,” his mother said sternly. “You have created enough havoc for today.”

Radford heaved a deep sigh and crossed his arms over his chest. There was no hope for it. He’d gotten himself in deep this time. Let the women make the marriage plans. Such matters failed to hold his interest anyhow.

He set the dancing figurine he intended to give to May back on the mantel and listened with only half an ear to the two mammas prattle on. His hopes for winning Miss Sheffers’ favor had suddenly degraded into something unfathomable. The wild idea of asking her to marry him could never come to pass. There were too many people involved with his marriage plans . . . too many fragile hearts to be considered.

But what was May to him? If she was not wife material and too honorable to be considered a mistress, he would just have to settle for friendship. As a friend he would warn her. He would do everything in his limited power to stop her marriage to that old money-hungry goat, Tumblestone.

Friendship would have to be enough for him.

* * * *

“Surely you’re not suggesting men and women cannot be friends? I’ll have you know that Miss Sheffers is a most uncommon woman with a mind surpassing a goodly number of men’s.”

Wynter had only laughed, claiming that Radford, a man, could never hope to be friends with May, a most sumptuous woman.

After enduring two hours with his mother and the duchess, Radford had been more than ready to escape his home and venture out in search of May. He may have agreed to visit the Duke of Newbury and officially declare his intentions that evening, but he had not agreed to forget his desire to help a friend in need.

Leave it to Wynter to burst into his home and keep him from his task while demanding an explanation at the same time. Wynter’s scowl had grown more fierce as Radford explained his situation. He made light of the confusing feelings he felt toward May and protected her reputation by not mentioning the money Mr. Tumblestone had been promised for taking her to wife.

“Miss Sheffers is an honest woman. I would be proud to be able to call her a friend,” Radford declared. He tried again to make it to the door, jamming his beaver hat low on his head. He’d wasted too much time in the house already.

Wynter moved swiftly to block his escape. “Are you being purposefully obtuse? Of course I believe there are instances where a man and a woman can develop a friendship akin to a man’s bond with his peers. All I am saying is that men don’t look at friends the way you look at her. You are besotted. You love Miss Sheffers and yet are on the verge of proposing marriage to a lady you can barely tolerate. As your closest friend, I have to ask: Have you lost your bloody mind?”





Chapter 15

May clasped her hands together to keep them from visibly trembling. What she planned to do went against every one of Mary Wollstonecraft’s feminist teachings. An independent woman would never give up her freedom this way. She would have fought a better battle.

If only Aunt Winnie’s health wasn’t a concern . . .

Too late to back down now. She had set her course, had already sent for Mr. Tumblestone. Portia had already hurried away to answer the door and let the caller in.

May held herself as still as a statue, desperately wanting to appear calm and in control. The burgundy silk gown, neatly pressed, hung nicely on her round frame. It was important to look her best, to present a pretty image to Mr. Tumblestone. He should be happy with her decision and pleased with her manner.

Happiness was too lofty a goal for herself, May conceded. But since marriage seemed unavoidable, she planned to do everything in her power to make the situation as painless as possible.

“We will get along well enough,” she muttered. Her heart raced and her mouth grew dry as she listened as a pair of heavy boots banged against the hardwood flooring.

“The Viscount Evers, miss,” Portia announced.

The viscount? Here?

The housekeeper appeared as surprised as May felt. Radford had no business coming to her home. Not now. Not when she expected Mr. Tumblestone’s arrival at any moment.

“I apologize for arriving unannounced.” He didn’t appear the least bit contrite. The viscount filled the room with his manly presence until May felt as if she had to struggle for a breath. His eyes met her skittish gaze. He smiled. It was a predatory expression that sent her heart pattering anew.

“I am expecting Mr. Tumblestone, my lord.” She had meant to sound frosty. Her breathlessness let a note of despair slip under her words.

“Indeed.” He raised an eyebrow. “In that case, it appears I have arrived just in time. That dress complements your figure. You look truly lovely, Miss Sheffers. I suppose the extra effort you have taken with your looks is for your elderly goat?”

“How dare you.” His words had struck like a dagger to her heart. “You have no right to judge me, my clothing, or my choice of husband. I did not ask for nor do I wish to know your thoughts on the matter. My life is my life. You hold no power over me.” She drew up her arm and pointed toward the door. A long, slender finger, one like Lady Lillian’s, would have painted a much more convincing picture. “Get out.”

Radford kept his feet planted in a wide stance on the worn Oriental rug. “You will hear me out first.”

“I will hear—? Oh, no. If you won’t leave, I will.” May started for the door.

Radford caught her in his arms and hauled her up against his chest. “You will listen.”

“If you don’t unhand me this instant, I will scream.”

His grasp only tightened in response to the threat. He pulled her up until she was straining on the tips of her toes. And his mouth closed over hers.

At his prodding, her lips parted and granted his questing tongue free access to tease the soft interior of her lips. May turned limp under his sweet assault. The press of his chest against hers, the sharp hold of his hands heating her arms even through the fabric of her gown, and the gentle touch of his lips on hers all overwhelmed.

Her dreams and secret prayers were being answered. He wanted her. He’d come—just in time—to declare his undying passions.

Oh la, for just this moment, she allowed herself to believe in the magic of fairy tales and in that elusive happily-ever-after.

“Oh May,” he whispered on a heady breath when he peeled away from her. His rough fingers caressed her cheek. These weren’t the hands of an idle gentleman. The coarse calluses only made her love him more. “My dear, stubborn May.”

He tilted her chin up and turned her head until she was gazing straight into his warm gaze. “What you do to me . . . you can’t imagine . . . ”

His heart thundered under May’s hand. She drew her palm away from his chest and stepped back. “Why have you come here?” she asked, hoping beyond hope he would declare his love.

Radford blinked several times and cleared his throat. He jammed him hand in his pocket and drew out a shiny porcelain figurine. May recognized it right away as the one she’d admired at the fair.

“For you.” He placed it in her hand and curled her fingers around the cool, smooth statuette. “A token of our friendship.”

Friendship?

May didn’t know what to think. She stared blankly at the laughing woodland fairy-child he’d given her.

He came to offer friendship? That kiss had heated parts of her and left her longing for more. Certainly there was more than just friendship in the way he’d touched her.

Of course he couldn’t offer her anything else.

May raised her chin and swallowed her feelings. The circumstances of her birth made her ineligible to marry someone as respected and sought after as Radford.

A single tear splashed on the fairy’s joyous expression. “Thank you, my lord. I will cherish it forever.”

Worry creased Radford’s brows. He captured May’s wrist and closed his hand over her fist and the figurine. “Well hell. You seem less than pleased . . . and it is not at all proper for you to be alone with me here in this room.”

Keeping a sharp hold on her, he led the way from the parlor and out the front door, his cane clacking on the hardwood flooring. The bright sun streaming down into the small yard burned May’s tear-stained eyes. She rubbed them with the back of her gloved hand.

“Please unhand me,” she said as he led her through the yard and toward the street. “Where are you taking me? Unhand me. I expect Mr. Tumblestone to arrive in any minute.”

What a disaster she would have on her hands if Tumblestone were to see her alone with Radford. In addition to a broken heart, she would lose the only offer of marriage given to her. What a disaster!

She twisted free of his grasp and set her fists on her hips. “I am not your puppet. Tell me what this is about or leave. Either way, I don’t care.”

Radford raised a single brow. “You don’t care?” He dragged a finger over her cheek, wiping away a stray tear.

May bit the inside of her mouth and prayed for strength. She would not let him see any more of the exciting and painful emotions swirling in her stomach. He didn’t have a right to know how her heart pained for him.

Her silence appeared to frustrate him. Radford bit off a muttered oath and drew a deep breath. “I came to warn you and seem to be doing a poor job of it,” he said, dropping his cane. He clasped his hands behind his back and strode a crooked gait a few steps toward the neighboring field. Tall grasses waved at them. “I don’t know how to tell you this.”

“Tell me what?” Since he wasn’t going to declare his undying love or beg for her hand in marriage—that much was certain—May was wary of what Radford wished to tell her. “I will not agree to be your mistress, my lord. I have too much self respect to become a kept woman.”

“Good Lord, no.” He kept his back to her. “I have too much respect for you to suggest such a thing. Oh, damn . . . this is a deuced difficult thing to say.”

He turned around then. The hard planes of his aristocratic features made May’s breath catch in her throat.

“You can’t marry that old goat.” The words tumbled out of his mouth. “Your uncle is paying him a small fortune to offer marriage to you. Do you understand me? He is being paid to take you away from your aunt.”

“What an ugly thing to say,” May hissed. Only a monster would think to stomp on her shattered heart.

No malice, only candid concern haunted his eyes. “I’m so sorry, Miss Sheffers. But it is the truth. Your uncle has a very good reason to want Lady Winifred back under his control. You stand in his way. Hence, the marriage proposal.”

“You lie.” May backed up a step. She didn’t want to hear this. To believe him would be too painful. “You claimed to be my friend. Why hurt me so?”

Radford approached, holding his arms out to her. “I am your friend. My only wish is to protect you from your uncle. Mr. Tumblestone just wants the small fortune he’s been promised . . . not you.”

“No,” May whispered as if denial could drive his words away. The thunder of hooves drowned out the nervous pattering of her heart. May’s gaze flicked over her shoulder. Uncle Sires’ crested carriage was rolling up to the cottage. The note she’d sent had promised Tumblestone a pleasant reply to his marriage proposal.

But what if Radford were telling the truth?

“No.” She returned her teary-blurred gaze to Radford’s pleading expression and shook her head from side to side, uncertain what to do—uncertain what to think, even.

She needed time.

Gathering her skirt up into one hand, May ran as fast as her short legs could carry her into the tall grasses.

* * * *

Nothing was ever solved by running away. May should have stayed and demanded the truth from her uncle. She should have stood her ground with Radford and demanded he explain why he had kissed her with such naked passion.

Running away was the coward’s choice, and she never considered herself a coward.

Not caring about grass stains or dirt or messing the careful arrangement of her hair, she dropped on her back in the middle of the field and sprawled out on the cool ground. She stared up at the puffy clouds floating above in the deep blue sky. After a time she closed her eyes and just breathed the warm country air.

A lifetime of days in London had robbed her of such simple pleasures. She found herself enjoying the feel of the earth underneath her back and the rich, musty smell of a fertile soil. She’d grown tired of the endless balls, routs, and teas where she was largely overlooked. The bustle and excitement of a crowded city only offered disappointed dreams.

She was ready for a change.

Marriage to the tall, plump Mr. Tumblestone offered her that change. He lived a quiet, bucolic life. Even if Radford were telling the truth and he only wanted her for the money her uncle had to offer, the offer of marriage still hadn’t changed . . . nor had her feelings toward Tumblestone been altered. He was a kindly old man who offered her nothing but a stable future.

There could be no harm in accepting his suit, could there?

If only she knew what Radford had meant by saying that Uncle Sires was trying to get Aunt Winnie under his control. He wanted to provide better medical care—that much was clear. Could there be another reason for her uncle’s sudden interest in their lives?

What about her parents?

They were not dead. May could feel the truth of it deep in her soul. They might be lost . . . but they were far from dead.

Why was her uncle so adamant about declaring dead the two people he’d once wished completely out of his sight? Why dredge up a connection he so dearly wanted to ignore?

So many questions . . .

Damn Radford all the way to the tips of his adorably arched eyebrows. He’d brought those questions to light. And worse, for a fleeting moment he’d made her feel loved. And that was what she desired most . . . to simply be loved.

Her birth and her unconventional manner frightened respectable gentlemen away. She had accepted her empty heart, had told herself that her aunt’s affection was enough, but it wasn’t.

May felt paralyzed by grief. She needed help—needed someone with whom to discuss those unanswerable questions.

A hot wind blew in her face, tickling her nose. The crunch of nearby grasses warned her she was no longer alone. The skin on her back prickled as she realized someone was silently watching her.

How dare an interloper sneak up without a word of warning! A flood of harsh words filled her troubled mind. They would have spewed past her lips if she hadn’t realized what a shocking picture she must have made lying flat on her back with her legs and arms sprawled out at the most absurd angles.

Gracious, whoever was watching her must think her mad.

With no hope to preserve her dignity, May pried her eyes open. A great brown nose attached to a strange, long face slowly came into focus. It snorted, spraying her with its hot breath.

May bolted up. A scream strangled in her throat.





Chapter 16

“Gone? What do you mean, gone?”

Lyles, Radford’s stable manager, wrung his cap in his grubby hands and danced from foot to foot, apparently at a loss for intelligible words. The man’s strange behavior did nothing to sooth Radford’s already foul temper.

The simple task of warning May had turned into a complete disaster. The memory of her running away with fresh tears filling her eyes tore at his heart. He’d charged after her, of course. But his leg had collapsed under the strain. After taking a hard tumble to the ground, he’d conceded defeat.

Instead of befriending her, he had kissed her. He was naught but a blasted fool . . . a blasted, besotted fool.

Wynter had been right, again.

His knuckles ached for the chance to beat his friend’s smug face into the ground. And since Wynter was nowhere to be found, Lyles unfortunately became only too convenient a target. He took a broad step toward the quivering man.

“Speak up. What do you mean she’s gone?”

“She-she must have jumped the fence, m’lord. I’ve searched the countryside for her. She’s nowhere to be found.”

Just like Wynter.

“Blast it, what am I paying you for? I thought you understood her importance. You were supposed to watch her. You were supposed to guard her.” He slammed his fist into his open palm. Years of hard work and dreaming were slipping away. His life, his wants and desires were harder to hold on to than the fairy-footed maiden, May Sheffers. “Someone must have taken her, damn it.”

Lyles paled considerably. “I took great care, m’lord. No one went near her. I swear it, no one.”

* * * *

May scrambled up into an awkward sitting position. Her breath hitched in her throat. Those shiny hooves, just inches from her chest, looked so large. One wrong move could startle the curious beast and her powerful legs. Even if the animal meant her no harm, May could be crushed under its weight just the same.

“That’s a gentle Princess.” May forced the whisper past the lump of fear lodged in her throat. “You don’t want to hurt me. You must have come looking for your Lord Evers.” She could only imagine Radford’s worry. This young filly had given him nothing but trouble and yet May had clearly recognized the dreamy gleam in his eyes when he gazed on his beautiful beast.

Princess tossed her head and snorted. Heaven’s above, she’s going to kill me! May’s heart skittered to a stop as her gaze latched onto those hooves again.

Fate sure had a knack for painful irony. She’d stumbled into love only to have another offer her marriage—only to have the man she loved crush her heart. And now his horse was poised to finish her off.

In her grief May might have lain down and given Princess free rein to stomp her to bits. Yet concern for Aunt Winnie wouldn’t allow her to simply give up. She had to fight and be strong despite the hollow pains piercing her heart. Despite all that was rational, Aunt Winnie resisted Uncle Sires’ offer to let him take care of her. May needed to find out why.

Was Radford telling the truth or just trying to hurt her?

“Please, Princess,” May said, feeling a shade braver. She gently nudged the velvety nose that continued to hover all too close to her head. “Please, don’t be startled and stamp me into the ground when I try and stand.”

It took all her daring to get out from under the horse—most dredged from long ago feelings tucked away after scores of sleepless nights, worrying why her parents didn’t love her enough to return to their only child. May drew a deep breath and slowly rose to her feet.

She brushed off her gown. It was ruined. The burgundy silk was smudged with grass stains and dirt. Portia would scold and work for hours trying to salvage the material. But like May’s, the gown’s future looked grim.

Princess nudged May’s shoulder, reminding her that she still wasn’t out of danger. Unlike the other day, there were no leading reins hanging from Princess’ halter. More to the point, the beast wasn’t wearing a halter.

She was as wild and free as the summer wind.

May backed away from the horse, hoping to increase the distance between them and eventually escape. For each step May took, Princess took an equally measured stride. After several minutes of stepping in one direction and then another only to find herself leading Princess in a stiff dance, May gave up all hope for it.

The horse was lost and looking for a friendly face. Who was May to deny the poor thing?

“You might as well follow along,” she said. Through the fields, across a delicately arched bridge, and up the gentle Sion Hill lay Longbranch House, Radford’s home. Leading his prize filly home was the only honorable thing to do.

Besides, somewhere in the back of her mind May dreaded returning to her little cottage and her uncle’s scowls.

What in blazes could she say to explain her behavior? She’d run off without a word to anyone. Once again, her hot gypsy blood had led her to mischief.

* * * *

“I just hope you will not attempt to display that dry wit of yours tonight,” Lady Evers said as she settled into a settee in the drawing room. A moment before, Jeffers had delivered a pot of piping hot tea to the room, sniffed haughtily, and quietly slipped out with a glower tugging down the corners of his lips.

Radford declined the tea and barely acknowledged his mother. His thoughts were still on his missing filly. Teams of men were out searching, literally beating down the tall grasses, for her. If not for his injuries, he too would be out riding through the fields. Like a hobbled pony, he was stuck listening to his mother prattle happily about his future.

“Well?” his mother said sharply. “Do I have it or not?”

“I beg your pardon, Mother.” Radford sighed when he realized he didn’t have a clue what she was asking him. “Do you have what?”

“Really, Radford. I do worry that your war injuries have addled your mind. You have been acting so strangely since returning home from that dreadful place. Will you please attend to me?”

Radford gave a curt nod and pushed his thoughts of Princess out of his head.

“Very good. Now, as I was saying . . . Do I have your word that you will behave like a complete gentleman tonight? No more jests about not wishing to marry Lady Lillian?”

Ah, so she’d been schooling him on how to ask for a lady’s hand in marriage. Radford ground his jaw and stood. He walked, letting the cane take the weight off his damaged foot, and crossed the room to stand in front of the large floor-to-ceiling window.

A figure in the distance caught his attention. Amber curls bounced with a delightful dishevel. Tempting hips swayed as May sauntered up the road. A gentle smile brightened her pursed lips.

What in blazes? Radford blinked twice to convince himself his eyes weren’t deceiving him. Princess, his errant filly, followed behind May like a truant pupil, wagging her head from side to side with each easy stride.

Lyles rushed out and greeted May, his arms gesturing wide arcs. Like a dark cloud passing in front of the sun, May’s smile faded. She glanced nervously toward the house. Radford stepped away from the window.

“Do you intend to ignore me completely? Is this how you aim to honor your mother and all I have endured?”

“I should go down to her,” he muttered. His mother’s shrill voice barely registered in his head. His thoughts were so completely wrapped around the sight of May that everything else in his life disappeared—especially his injuries. “How in blazes did she manage to bewitch my horse?”

“Radford! Attend me this instant!”

He turned in response to the shout. His mother had risen from the settee. She floated across the room like an angered specter. “What is distracting you? What do you see?”

Her eyes narrowed as she peered out the window. “Who is that dreadful-looking young woman? Something about her seems familiar.”

Dreadful? The sight of May’s pretty form added new colors and a new depth to the world. How could anyone describe such a miracle as dreadful?

“You met her the other day,” Radford said rather stiffly. “She is Miss May Sheffers.”

“Sheffers? I don’t know that name.”

“She is a friend of Lady Lillian’s.”

His mother’s brows furrowed further. “And what is she doing here . . . without a proper escort . . . and looking as wild as a hoyden? Certainly she will not seek to speak with you.”

He could only hope.

Lyles had draped a loose rein over Princess’ neck. He pointed toward the house, no doubt inviting her inside. May raised her hands in front of her and stepped back.

She didn’t want to see him.

How could he blame her? He’d confused her with his brash kiss and then clumsily blurted out why she shouldn’t marry that money-hungry Tumblestone. Of course she refused to believe him. Only a fool would believe a tale presented so callously.

She thinks you want her for your bed.

“There is nothing improper about Miss Sheffers,” Radford explained to his mother. The elfin princess was far too proper to even consider becoming his mistress. If only there were some other way . . .

The marriage list he and Wynter had created burned in his pocket. There was no need to retrieve it and review the qualifications he required from a wife. The words were seared in his head. He could recite them in his sleep.

According to every point on that list, May was ineligible. She could never make a proper wife.

Lady Lillian could.

“She won’t come up.” Remaining a passive observer and watching her turn away from the house was the hardest thing Radford had ever done. “I don’t believe she wants even a crumb of my friendship.”

“As well she shouldn’t.” Lady Evers breathed a sigh of relief. “It’s shocking enough to see her appear at your door like that.”

“I believe she found my horse.” Something precious inside him spiraled down into a bleak hole. “I owe her a debt of gratitude. She’s afraid of horses, you see.”

“Your horse, Radford? The spirited, wild filly that attacked your affianced? I thought we agreed you would get rid of that troublesome beast.”

“I didn’t agree to any such thing.” He jammed his hands into his pockets. His gaze followed May as she retreated. He found it impossible to turn away from the window and the sight of her delightful swaying gait.

His mother’s gaze bounced between the window and Radford. “Oh dear,” she said quietly, “I really must do something about this.”

“About what, Mother?” he asked. His thoughts returned to that cursed list. Something felt fundamentally wrong about it. But perhaps it wasn’t the list at all. Perhaps there was something fundamentally wrong with him.

Even if he were to throw propriety and logic to the wind and dash after May to declare undying love, nothing would change. She spurned his friendship, his offers to help, his overtures for passion. Her rejection kept him planted firmly in the drawing room.

A man so broken, so confused about his worth in life, could never hope to lure a fey spirit like May’s into his soul. She deserved a man with the ability to unlock the gilded cage that held her. She deserved to soar with the clouds.

As he watched through the window, May glanced back at Longbranch House. Was it his imagination, or did he see the same longing that burned in his chest reflected in her bright eyes? Could there possibly be a chance for a future with her?

No. No. No. The answer had to be no.

There was no love between them, only longing and a curious emotion Radford didn’t quite know how to describe. His passions toward May felt as comfortable as a friendship, only more heated.

What a blasted mess. He dragged a hand through his hair, tugging at the strands.

Lady Evers captured his wrist and kept his manicured fingers from further mussing his hair. “Don’t fret about the future, Radford. I will keep the path clear for you. You will see. Your decision to marry Lady Lillian is the right thing. This match is something that would make your father proud.”

Her eyes glistened prettily. “And you will make me proud tonight—and bestow happiness on a very lucky young lady.”

Happiness? Why hadn’t he thought to put anything about his happiness on that marriage list? The list, so like his life, had become muddled by the limitations of logic and duty.





Chapter 17

Life would be so very different if she possessed Lady Lillian’s delicate looks or Lady Iona’s gentle manner. May stiffened her chin and sniffed back some unruly tears. If men refused to see past her birth, her nature, and her looks . . . well, she wanted no part of such a world.

She would survive.

Her parents abandoned her. And she somehow managed to survive. Society matrons treated her like a servant. And she barely blinked. Her aunt’s health weakened. And she was forced to become something stronger than she ever imagined she could be. She more than survived.

Why should a little trifling like a broken heart trouble her?

Back straight, head held high, and prepared to face her uncle, May marched back to her cozy little cottage. She would confront him with Radford’s accusations and insist that Aunt Winnie demand her brother’s assistance and support.

Although this moment felt tragically like an ending, May reminded herself that it wasn’t. This was a wonderful, glorious beginning. A new adventure lay before her on the horizon.

Things would be different, and she would be stronger without a certain dashing viscount meddling in her life. Things would be better . . .

May jolted to a sudden stop. Uncle Sires’ carriage was no longer waiting in front of her thatched roofed cottage. The shades inside were drawn, the windows dark.

A crimson-tinted cloud reached out overhead, signaling the approaching end of an utterly perplexing day, and May could not stop a feeling of dread from snaking through her veins. The cottage looked different, somehow. Something was wrong.

Horridly wrong.

“May!” a breathless voice called out to her. Lady Iona waved her arms as Lord Nathan deftly steered his new curricle down the road. May tilted her head back and looked up at the pair as the curricle pulled to a halt on the road in front of her. Pins were slipping from Iona’s hair, and her dress was smudged with dirt. Tears stained her rosy cheeks.

“Whatever is the matter?” May asked. Her friend would never appear in public in such a state unless something was terribly amiss. “Please tell me it isn’t—”

“Your aunt, May. She’s collapsed. We’ve been searching everywhere for you. Where in Heaven’s name have you been?”

“No,” May gasped. She charged into the stone-still cottage, tears streaming down her face. She should have never run away. She should have never . . .

“Aunt! Please, please, no . . . ”

Portia appeared in the foyer. Her lips tightly drawn, her hands in constant motion, she lowered her head. “I am so sorry, Miss Sheffers. You poor, little mite.”

May heard Lady Iona and Lord Nathan follow her into the house. She felt supportive arms hugging her shoulders. But her mind could not take it all in.

“Aunt Winnie?” How would she survive without her aunt? Her legs melted beneath her, and she sank to the oriental carpet covering the foyer floor and silently wept. “I must see her. I must ask her to forgive me for not being here.”

Lord Nathan cleared his throat. He padded nervously around the small entranceway. “It seems your housekeeper bravely tried to keep Lord Redfield from carrying her to his town house, but he would not be dissuaded.”

“Oh, that is correct, Miss Sheffers. Your poor, poor dear aunt was so weak. He insisted he care for her.” Portia heaved a weepy sigh. “He cursed something fierce until I thought my ears might bleed.”

May lifted her head slowly, fearing sudden motions might wipe away that small bud of hope. “Aunt Winnie is alive?” With a sheer force of will, she made her legs support her. “I must go to her. She needs me.”

“Of course.” Lord Nathan took May’s arm and led her back outside.

“But-but, Lord Redfield. . .” Iona sputtered.

“Blast the man. He will just have to tell her himself,” Lord Nathan grumbled.

May was much too upset to wonder about that exchange. She let Lord Nathan help her up into his curricle. Iona snuggled in beside her, and within a minute, they were racing through the paved streets toward her uncle’s town house in Queen’s Square.

Aunt Winnie was strong. She would recover. She would simply have to . . . May wasn’t prepared to accept any other ending.

* * * *

“I was told not to let anyone enter.” Uncle Sires’ butler sneered down his nose at May as he spoke. She recognized him from Redfield Abbey. He’d been the Abbey’s head footman the last time she’d visited. In no way did his off-putting manner dissuade her.

“I beg your pardon,” she said, keeping her voice dangerously level. She made sure her devilishly violet eyes glared daggers into his. “I care not one whit about what you were told. My aunt is inside and I intend to see her.” She paused for a dramatic beat. “Step aside.”

“I would do as she commands,” Lord Nathan said. He folded his arms across his chest. Lady Iona, bless her, did the same. A united front poised for battle.

“Very well.” The butler stepped to the side of the doorway. He made no attempt to lead them to a parlor or to Aunt Winnie’s room. Instead he left them stranded in the impressive marble foyer. “I will tell his lordship that you have arrived.”

May had no intention of standing around while the butler and her uncle discussed ways to deny her. Aunt Winnie needed her. She would open every closed door in the house, if need be, to find her.

As the butler scuttled off toward the back of the house, May took to the stairs. Lord Nathan and Iona followed along silently.

A low murmur of voice rumbled behind a closed door at the end of a long hall. May rushed toward the sound. She tossed open the door, not worried about anything beyond seeing to her aunt’s welfare.

Two men were bent over her aunt, who was lying all too still on an elegantly appointed bed. The room looked like it had been decorated to house a fairy-tale queen. At least her aunt was finally getting the comfort she had always deserved, May thought as she rushed to her side.

“How is she?” May asked. She knelt beside the bed and gently lifted her aunt’s hand to hold it against her chest.

“Only time will tell,” the white-haired man closest to her said with a slight shake of his head. “She is weak.”

“She has been overtaxed with worry,” Uncle Sires’ voice boomed into the room. “I will not have you and your unseemly manner endanger her further, child.”

May carefully laid her aunt’s hand on the soft bed. She lovingly stroked Winnie’s smooth cheek and said a small prayer for her recovery before rising to face her uncle.

“I have more right than you to stay with her,” she said in an oddly calm voice. “You may be able to take away my money. You may be able to take away my future. But I will stand up to the forces of hell before letting you take Winnie from my life.”

“Please,” the doctor said, ushering everyone to the door. “She needs quiet. She needs to rest.”

The instant May stepped her toe outside the bedroom door Uncle Sires captured her wrist. He mercilessly dragged her through the hall and down the stairs. May tripped over her feet as she tried to keep up with the brutal pace. Lord Nathan stepped in and attempted to save her but was swiftly pulled away by two burly footmen draped in bright red livery.

“What do you mean to do?” May asked. She twisted her wrist, trying desperately to break free. There was a murderous gleam in her uncle’s eye that made her heart slam against her ribs. “What do you mean to do?”

“Something I should have done years ago,” he said and gave her arm a vicious tug. She stumbled down the last three steps. Her knees slammed against the hard, marble floor in the foyer. He didn’t give her time to pull herself back to her feet. His pace unbroken, he dragged her across the floor and into a dark, oak-paneled study.

The door slammed closed behind her. The lock clicked.

“You are an abomination . . . just like your father. I can’t stand to look at you, a grotesque mixture of his blood with mine.” He loomed over her. A menacing grimace transformed his features into a mask of pure hatred.

He leaned down until his lips were a mere hair’s breadths from her ear. His fiery breath struck her cheek as his voice crackled. “I cannot allow this willful existence of yours to continue, child,” he threatened, jamming a leather horsewhip just under her nose. “I intend to beat it from you once and for all.”

* * * *

Where were the blasted rains? The skies were darkening as evening approached, the pale moon rising, and not one blasted cloud to be seen. Radford didn’t wish to gaze on the moon as his open landau carried his mother and him to the Newbury townhouse in the center of Bath.

The moonlight reminded him of May and the night he first kissed her. She’d been bathed in the spectral glow of the heavens flowing in the tall window in the Newbury’s darkened library. A fey goddess illuminated by natural elegance.

An unattainable spirit, who would soon be engaged to a man very anxious to beat all that was special and loveable from her small body.

His hand curled into a very tight fist as the carriage bounced over a rut in the stone-paved road. Just picturing May married to another man . . . entering the marriage bed with another . . . it was too much to bear.

He much preferred the rains and the aching muscles and misery the damp weather brought with it than to gaze on the shimmering, oval moon and think of May.

A family ring, an ancient piece of art with a miniature crest etched into a cabochon-cut ruby, sat nestled in the breast pocket of his coat. Within a few hours he’d slide that ring onto Lady Lillian’s slender finger and pledge himself—body and soul—to a woman he may never be able to love.

His mother snuggled up beside him and cooed happily.

“Tonight will be magical,” she whispered. The landau’s driver slowed to turn onto Bennett Street. “Just a few more blocks, Radford. Your future waits for you in the Royal Crescent. I couldn’t be more proud.”

She squeezed his hand. Her grasp felt light, fragile through his leather gloves.

This night was for his mother. He would give himself to Lillian, vowing to her fidelity and security in exchange for a brood of children.

This was his gift to his mother. She’d suffered so much because of his injuries. Marriage to a beauty like Lady Lillian was no great a sacrifice in order to fulfill his duty to his family.

If only the rains had fallen. With that blasted moonlight shining down on his face and the stars twinkling mysteriously all through the nearly black sky, he couldn’t seem to keep his thoughts from straying to May, a most unsuitable woman.

Ah, May . . . a future with you is naught but a pretty fairy tale. Children may believe in such a romantically outrageous ending. Adults are trained to be far more practical.

His future waited a few blocks away.

“I am pleased you find pleasure in my decision,” he said warmly to his mother. “Your happiness is very important to me.”

“As yours is to me, dear.” She gave his arm a gentle pat. “As yours is to me.”

Lady Evers craned forward then, tilting her head one way and then the other. “Whatever could that be about?” she whispered while craning forward further still. She’d scooted so far off the bench she was in danger of falling off.

Radford searched the road. His landau was rounding The Circus. A few pedestrians, three young women giggling as they followed an older couple, were strolling on the sidewalk. A carriage rolled by in the other direction. Two carriages sat motionless in front of a couple of townhouses, with grooms attending to the waiting horses. Other than that, he could see nothing. Certainly none of the activity visible on the street was out of the ordinary.

“What is it? What do you see?” he asked when his mother gasped and fell back on the squabs in a near swoon.

“Shameful . . . disgraceful,” she muttered. “A harlot being tossed from a home, here, in this respectable area? I cannot believe my eyes.”

“Really? Where?” Radford asked more to placate his upset mother than out of any kind of perverse interest in viewing another man’s dirty affairs.

“There.” An accusing finger shot out to identify a townhouse a few doors into the circular row of houses known as The Circus.

What the devil?

Radford perched forward on the bench to get a better view. Time moved at a painfully slow pace as he watched a nightmare unfold.

May, dressed in the same burgundy gown she’d been wearing when he’d met with her earlier in the day, stood at the open door. A long, elegant sleeve had been ripped away. Part of the ruined bodice hung open. She tugged wildly at the wide, masculine arm holding her. A look of naked terror on her elfish face, dimly illuminated in the yellowy lamplight, froze the blood in his veins.

He rose shakily to his feet, prepared to leap from his landau while it still moved.

“Hold there,” he called to his driver and swung open the door.

“Radford!” his mother screamed and wrapped her arms around his strong leg. He fell back onto the bench as his damnable weakened leg collapsed under the strain from his sudden shift of weight.

He watched in horror as May tore free from her attacker, tripped down the steps, and ran blindly into the brick road. His horses, startled by her sudden appearance in front of them as they were slowing their pace, whinnied and reared. The landau creaked and jolted forward.

May screamed.

A deadly silence followed.

No! Radford pried his mother’s hands from his body and jumped down to the ground. No! He dragged his weaker leg behind him, not caring what he looked like or how he moved. All he cared about was getting to May . . . to seeing her safe.

“There was naught a thing I could do to save ‘er, m’lord. I swear it. I didn’t even see ‘er,” his driver cried, wringing his hands as he gazed down at May’s crumpled body.

A trickle of blood oozed from high on her forehead.

“No,” Radford whispered. He dropped to the road and gathered May into his arms. Cradling her, he hugged her against his chest and felt for any sign of life, no matter how small. She was still in his arms, too still. “Live, damn it. If I have to cling to this cursed mortal coil, you do too.”

He glanced up pleadingly at the sky. His gaze chanced on the open door and the man who’d tormented her, the man who’d driven her to run in front of his horses.

The Earl of Redfield.

A horsewhip hung in his hand. A murderous gleam darkened his face. Why hadn’t Radford seen it? The bounder had been set on ruining May’s life from the start. His power and his comfortable lifestyle were being threatened. Radford should have worried about May’s safety after telling her the truth about her uncle. She must have confronted him and roused the greedy man’s wrath.

“I should have protected you.” He brushed her hair away from her bloody brow and pressed a handkerchief to her forehead. He’d never forgive himself if she died. Losing May would leave a gaping hole in his heart, which, like his leg, would never heal.

With a shout, Wynter pushed the earl aside and charged down the steps and across the road. Lady Iona followed closely behind, pausing only long enough to stomp the earl’s toe on her way past.

After that, time began to gush at a hell-or-high-water speed. It took all of Radford’s concentration just to keep up.

“Is she dead?” Lady Iona wailed and tossed herself into Wynter’s arms.

“No.” Radford pressed his palm to her chest and felt a strong, steady heartbeat move underneath her tattered gown. “But she does need immediate care.”

He glanced up again. The door to the Earl of Redfield’s townhouse had closed. The light in the front parlor had been extinguished. He’d get no help from that villain.

“Wynter, fetch the best doctor you can find. I’m going to take May back to Longbranch House. She’ll be safe there.”

“My father—” Lady Iona started to say only to be hushed by Wynter.

“Let Radford handle this.” Wynter unfurled his arms from Lady Iona’s shoulders and bent down to pluck May from Radford’s arms. Radford refused, holding tightly to May’s body. He unreasonably wanted to keep his woodland sprite pressed against his chest until he knew she was truly safe.

As if he could protect her. Hah! Her weight trapped him to the ground as surely as his dying horse had on the Peninsula. Radford reluctantly released his hold. As it was, he’d have a struggle to stand with his arms empty, which he started to do as inelegantly as anyone could imagine. He floundered like a fish out of water until Lady Iona offered him a hand. Swallowing pride and a goodly portion of his manhood, he reached out and allowed the slight woman to assist him back into the landau.

“Oh my, oh my,” his mother was muttering. She weaved on the bench. Her skin was as pale as the moon, and she appeared to be on the verge of collapse. Wynter and Lady Iona looked fairly ill themselves.

“I will come with you, Lord Evers,” Lady Iona said. She dabbed at her tear-stained cheeks. “I can help with May and your mother.”

Radford was grateful for the assistance. “Of course, please do.” He moved aside to make room while pulling May into his lap.

“Go Wynter! Get a doctor!” he barked the order, and as soon as Lady Iona was settled, he gave a nod to his anxious driver to put the horses back into action.

A block into the drive May’s eyes fluttered open and she sighed roughly when they bounced over a loose stone. Radford’s chest contracted tightly as she stared up at him with wide eyes. Such confusion tainted her lovely violet gaze. If only he could bathe her with kisses and wipe her fears away.

“Aunt Winnie . . . ” May whispered, turning in his arms. Fighting him. A perfect round breast looked as though it might fall free of her ripped bodice. “Please, Winnie . . . ”

“Hush, my love. Let me take care of you.” With no thought about the sharp gazes of his mother or Lady Iona watching his every move, he reverently cupped her breast and the soft velvet of her gown. Her chest rose and fell with deep regularity with each smooth breath. Radford took comfort in feeling her warm satiny soft skin. She felt very, very alive.

He didn’t realize how inappropriate it must look for him to continue touching her, lightly caressing her, until his mother, her lips set in a thin line, reached over and moved his hand. She placed his fingers so he’d clasp May’s shoulder instead.

Radford shifted slightly, embarrassed. What the two ladies with their set stares must think of him.

May blinked heavily. Her gaze settled on his face, and a slight smile creased her lips. The adorable look left Radford itching to cover her petal-soft mouth with his.

Here he was, a gentleman mere hours from proposing marriage to another, goggling over a half-conscious woman whose weak smile sent his heart tripping like some helpless lovelorn swain.

This was madness. Pure madness.





Chapter 18

May woke up in a strange bed feeling quite out of sorts. Her head throbbed, her arms felt painfully stiff, and her knees burned as if they’d been scraped raw. The strange bed had a full and luxurious down mattress that vexed her. She clutched the heavy comforter to her neck and worried her mind trying to remember what had happened.

“Aunt Winnie!” She jolted up in bed, only to be confounded by a spinning room. “Aunt . . . ”

Her head settled back to the silky pillow. A fire smoldered in the fireplace across the room. Clearly the coals had been recently tended. A painting of a happy sheepdog hung on the wall between two floor-to-ceiling windows. Snatches of sunlight stole into the room from around a pair of heavy burgundy drapes . . . drapes nearly the same shade as the velvet gown she’d worn.

Still feeling dreadfully confused, May slowly lifted the bedding and peered underneath. Her gown was gone. A soft lawn chemise with a satin tie at the neck now covered her.

A stranger’s house wearing a stranger’s nightclothes. The last thing she remembered—or had that been a dream—was being cradled in Radford’s arms. Had he truly called her his love? No, those fantastic memories could only be from some wondrous dream.

May closed her eyes and tried to conjure real memories . . . and push away those gentle thoughts created purely by some anomaly brought on by a blow to the head.

“Aunt Winnie had collapsed,” she said aloud as the events of the previous day slowly returned. A sob burst out as she remembered seeing her aunt lying on her uncle’s bed. She’d looked so pale. So very weak. “Oh, Winnie.”

Be brave. For Winnie she’d have to be brave and figure this all out.

“I’d quarreled with Uncle Sires. He was being most unreasonable.” Oh yes, she remembered now. Her heart raced as she recalled how he’d threatened her. He’d been so angry. Out of his head, really. He’d been poised to beat her with that leather horsewhip when she’d bit him and fled like a banshee from his townhouse.

From there her memory turned fuzzy. Dreamlike. Had she been trapped in a nightmare or a fantasy? A horse had frightened her. Hooves kicking up to kill her!

With a shout, May shot up in the bed and scooted toward the rosewood carved headboard in an attempt to escape the terrifying images.

“Hush, hush, dearie.” A slightly crooked maid hurriedly placed a platter on a small dresser and rushed to May’s side. “Just lie still now. That’s what the master said you needed to do to get well again. Just lie still and all will be well.”

The room was spinning again, but less so than before, thank goodness. May let the older maid arrange the bedding around her until she was tucked in as tightly as dough in a pan.

“Thank you, um . . . um?”

“The name’s Lottie, Miss.” The smiling lady lightly caressed May’s forehead. “I’ve been the lady’s maid for thirty years now. And she told me to take real good care of you. His lordship, you see, is worried something fierce. He didn’t sleep at all last night. Since it wouldn’t be proper for him to step foot inside this room, he paced the hall just outside until dawn, the poor cove. And the lady doesn’t like to see him upset. She tells me she wants you well as soon as possible.”

May wiggled from under the covers so she could sit up against the mound of pillows at the top of the bed. “The lady you speak of? Who is she?”

“The Viscountess Evers, Miss Sheffers,” the words rolled very properly off a refined tongue before Lottie could answer. May’s gaze darted toward the bedroom’s open door. Lady Evers, dressed in a stark black gown, glowered as she surveyed the room. “You may leave us now, Lottie. I will call for you when Miss Sheffers is ready to eat the porridge you’ve brought up.”

Lottie murmured promises to return soon and curtsied deeply for the viscountess before scurrying from the room. A clock somewhere nearby chimed the hour.

Ignoring her aches, May raised herself higher in the bed and smoothed her hand over the comforter. “May I inquire the hour, my lady?” May asked somewhat sedately.

“It is eleven in the morning.”

“Eleven? Oh, dear. I have never slept so late.”

The viscountess smiled tightly. “You were ill.” She stepped inside the room and closed the door behind her with a snap. “I trust you are feeling better.”

“I am still a little dizzy—” May started to explain.

“That will soon pass. The doctor did not appear at all concerned last night. I trust his judgment and so should you.” A bitter edge to her soft voice caught May off-guard.

“Yes, of course, I didn’t mean to complain.”

“Of course.”

“My aunt, Lady Winifred?” May ignored the matron’s cool demeanor. She had much more pressing concerns to think about than the reason for the viscountess’ unhappy mood. “Is there any news on her condition? My uncle took her to his townhouse after she collapsed.”

“Lady Iona Newbury arrived early this morning with all sorts of information.” Lady Evers lowered herself to sit on the edge of the bed and continued to glower. She produced a note from a fold in her skirt.

“Yes? I beg you, tell me of my aunt. She is all I have.”

“She is, isn’t she, you poor dear.” There was no compassion in the sentiment. “Your aunt is stronger this morning. Her doctors are confident that with diligent care she should recover much of her strength.”

May breathed a sigh of relief and felt her taut muscles relax into the fluffy bedding. “Thank God,” she whispered.

“You will want to visit her right away, I suppose?”

“Oh, yes. She depends on me, and I love her very much.”

Lady Evers clucked her tongue and wagged her head slowly. “The earl is most upset, however. That shocking scene you orchestrated in front of his home mortified him. I must admit I was horrified having to witness such base behavior from a young lady. Such screaming and blatant displaying of your body . . . I shudder to think upon it.”

“He was trying to harm me. I only wished escape,” May tried to explain. She remembered the horse again . . . and its great hooves poised to crush her. Her mouth went dry.

“Radford saved me?” Could he really have called her “his love”? Did he truly hold her tightly in his arms? “Please, I don’t remember what happened once I fled my uncle’s.”

“It is just as well that you don’t.” The viscountess leaned forward. She placed the letter she’d been holding on her lap and took May’s hand to cradle between her frosty palms. Her slender fingers rubbed the tops of May’s knuckles. “You are fond of my son.”

Lady Evers had stated May’s feelings toward Radford as if they were common knowledge. Certainly May’s behavior toward him in public hadn’t betrayed her deepest feelings. Certainly she’d acted more carefully than that.

May tried to draw her hand away. “I don’t understand what you mean.”

The lady tightened her grasp. “Now, now. Let’s not play the coquette. You do not have the personality or the delicate physique to succeed with such games. I’ve watched you. I know.”

She knew? May fought a desire to crawl under the covers and hide. “Very well,” she forced herself to say calmly while tightening her chin. “I do feel a certain warmth for the viscount.”

“As does he for you, foolish boy. I don’t know what you’ve done to him, but he seems quite captivated.”

Radford captivated? Could it be possible? May’s cheeks stung as a blush bloomed over her face and down her neck to touch her chest.

Lady Evers lifted the letter she’d set aside and tapped it against May’s hand. “I’ve corresponded with the Duchess of Newbury on this matter just this morning, and she assured me that you are a reasonable girl.”

Praise from the duchess was a rarity. Iona’s mother had never approved of May’s attachment with the Newbury family. She’d made it plainly known that if she’d had her way, May’s entire existence would be ignored.

Luckily, the duke heartily disagreed.

Hearing that the duchess had actually called her “reasonable” gave May cause for alarm. “What else did she say?” May asked, eyeing the letter with grave concern. With the brush of a quill, the duchess could make her life even more difficult. May might be completely rejected by the ton if they knew the full truth of her father’s past.

Such a man has no place in polite society, Uncle Sires had always insisted.

“Her grace is not pleased, you must know. My boy was to propose to her daughter last night. That scene you created ruined those plans. Despite my pleas, Radford remained here to worry over your trifling injuries instead of keeping his dinner appointment with the Newbury family.”

“Oh?” Then he wasn’t engaged to Lady Lillian yet? Knowing that he was still an eligible bachelor shouldn’t have lightened May’s mood, but it did.

“Miss Sheffers, you cannot truly believe that my son, a viscount, could possibly marry you. You must see that such a match is impossible.”

Of course she saw that. She knew her place only too well. Yet, she jutted out her chin and tried to look as defiant as possible as if she could scare the truth away.

“What do you think would happen if my Radford were to marry you, a woman with a history of finding disasters?” Lady Evers asked. Her voice grew a little shrill. “Do you think society would stand for such an ill-advised match? Do you think he would be able to keep the political influence the Evers family has cultivated for generations after proving he cannot even be trusted to pick a proper wife? If you care even a little for Radford, you must let him go.”

May’s shoulders slumped. No matter how defiantly she held her chin, the truth would never go away.

Lady Evers slipped the letter from its envelope. “Her grace was kind enough to share a little of your background with me. Your father’s mother was an unmarried gypsy. She and her people raised your father until his twelfth year. You were born to a bastard gypsy father who’d stolen your mother despite the Earl of Redfield’s efforts to protect her. Your father befouled a gently born lady and produced you.”

That last word hung in the air, dripping with layers of contempt. May had trouble separating the disdain Lady Evers felt for May from the lifetime of disapproval she’d had heaped on her by her uncle.

“I wonder. Will you call her grace a liar? Will you deny that this is your heritage?”

May slowly turned her head from side to side. “The duchess is well known for speaking the truth,” she whispered. “I do not dispute her words.”

Lady Evers smiled broadly. “It pleases me to see that you are indeed a reasonable girl. Tell me, then. Are we in agreement? Do you see now how marriage between you and my son would be a disaster?”

May nodded as tears flooded her eyes. “I do, as does he. He has never offered such a boon.”

* * * *

“Please reconsider, miss. I beg you to reconsider,” Lottie said, wringing her overworked hands while May continued to stubbornly fuss with an unruly strand of hair. A slab of plaster covered a small wound high on May’s forehead. Though pulling a brush through her hair tugged at the injury, making her feel like sharp needles were pricking her scalp, May felt it was a small price to pay. She wanted to make herself appear hale and hearty for her aunt. Nothing should upset Winnie or her recovery.

“His lordship said you were to remain abed,” Lottie complained. “I would’ve never brought up the walking dress Lady Iona Newbury had delivered if I’d known you’d insist on wearing it. His lordship will be most upset when he learns of this.”

May brushed her hands over the skirt of the faded violet gown she’d hastily donned. “I have no wish to upset the viscount. He has been most kind.”

May just needed to escape. Quite simply, her aunt needed her. Radford didn’t. Staying under his roof for a moment longer would only damage her heart further. Just admitting her feelings to his mother had been torture. Hearing Lady Evers put voice to how wrong May was for him nearly killed her.

All her life, she’d been wrong. Unsuitable.

She could not stay.

Despite the slight dizziness, May was determined to straighten out the messes she’d made and move on with her life. Her mind had cleared after Lady Evers’ visit.

All she required was courage.

“No one ever complained I was lacking for want of courage.”

“What’s that, miss?”

“Nothing, Lottie.” She wrapped her arms around the small maid and gave the beleaguered woman a tight hug. “You’ve served me well. You’ve made me feel comfortable, and I thank you.”

May marched from the room and down the stairs with her head held high. A bout of dizziness interrupted her pace only once . . . and that was after she chanced to catch sight of Radford through a window.

He was, strolling alongside the house with Wynter at his side. They looked to be heading toward his stables. A gold-handled cane thumped on the ground with each step. Bless him, he had finally committed to treating himself right and giving his leg time to heal. May could barely discern a limp as he deftly relied on that sturdy cane. Like Wynter, he was impeccably dressed, though somewhat less formally. A pair of brow raising buff-colored doeskins hugged his legs. A subdued green and white striped waistcoat covered a crisp white shirt. He carried a plain olive frock draped over his arm and his shimmering beaver hat between two fingers. His cravat was tied in a relaxed four-in-hand style.

All and all, May thought he looked devastatingly handsome. She could see why the ladies of the ton used to speak of him in scandalized whispers.

She stood transfixed while watching the distance grow between them. A great pressure built in her chest. She was right to flee. Staying hurt too much.

With a stiff upper lip, May continued down the hall and met Iona, who’d been waiting for her in the front parlor. Her dearest friend took one look at her disheveled appearance and burst into tears.

“I was so worried,” Iona wailed. “What ever would I do if I lost you?”

“Oh don’t be a silly fuss-pot,” May scolded, feeling suddenly embarrassed by the trouble she’d created. “Don’t speak as if I’d been on death’s door. I suffered nothing more than a slight knock to the head.” She gave the top of her head a rap with her knuckle, which she instantly regretted. Sharp sparks of pain rippled through her skull.

“See?” May said through gritted teeth. “Nothing to worry about. Please take me home now. My housekeeper must be beside herself with worry.”

Iona hooked her arm with May’s. “I will do no such thing. Portia’s already been moved to my family’s townhouse. Papa insists you stay with us while your aunt recovers.”

Stay at the Newbury household and watch the wedding preparations up close? May doubted her heart would be able to bear it.

Iona stomped her tiny foot. “You know this is the only way. It’s improper for a young lady to live alone . . . unchaperoned.”

Of course May knew that. How foolish for her to believe she could suspend the rules of society.

The sooner she accepted her fate, the better.

“Very well,” May conceded. With a sorrowful Jeffers watching on, she and Iona walked arm in arm through the front entranceway and down the front steps of Radford’s Longbranch House. A ducal carriage waited on the road just a few steps away. Two footmen dressed in crimson livery leapt down from their perch to sweep open the carriage door and lower the steps.

Iona gave May’s arm a tight squeeze.

“You will survive this,” she whispered.

May swallowed hard, realizing then, after stealing one last glance up at Longbranch House, that tears threatened yet again.

“What’s this?” Radford called from the side of the house. Appropriately dressed now with his olive frock buttoned up and his beaver hat firmly set on the top of his head, he approached quickly with a hopping gait, letting the cane do most of the work for his stiff leg. He took May by the arm and pulled her several feet away from Iona and the carriage. “What in bloody hell are you doing out of bed?”

His voice shook.

May blinked heavily, praying he wouldn’t scrutinize her too carefully and notice how close she’d been to letting those blasted tears in her eyes spill.

“I am well enough, thank you,” she said.

“You are—?” He tossed off his hat and dragged his fingers through his dark hair. “You-you are ungrateful, that’s what you are. How dare you sneak away from me like a thief?”

He flicked a nervous glance toward Iona and a longer, more predatory look in the direction of the fast advancing Lord Nathan Wynter.

Still glaring at Lord Nathan, he moderated his voice. “It would please me if you’d grant me a moment of your time, Miss Sheffers.” He turned his sharp jade-colored eyes on her then. “Just a few minutes to listen to what I have to say.”

May’s heart thundered in her ears as she considered the request. Of course she’d agree to listen to him. She’d happily listen to whatever he wanted to talk about for the rest of her days.

“For just a minute,” she managed to say coolly with a glance at the sky as if she could read the time from the position of the sun.

Radford acted as if she’d just agreed to give him the world. With the most glorious smile, he scooped his discarded hat from the warm grasses and led May back into the house, rudely leaving Iona stranded outside with Lord Nathan.

Neither Iona nor Lord Nathan, who were grinning like fools, appeared upset in the least.

“Please, sit,” he said softly, motioning to a petite chair just steps inside the front parlor.

With a sharp nod, May did as he bid. She took several deep breaths, desperately trying to slow her racing heart before deliberately folding her hand primly on her lap. She turned her head up and stared at him with a carefully executed blank expression. “What is it you wish to say?”

Radford looked so serious. What grave matter did he wish to discuss? Was he, like his mother, planning to scold her for her shocking behavior the evening before?

Probably.

Her fearful escape from Uncle Sires apparently caused quite a stir. Even Iona had muttered that recalling the scene had occupied the gossips in the Pump Room that morning. She held her breath, praying that Radford, a man who’d once begged for her to consider him a friend, wouldn’t join with society and condemn her out-of-hand.

“That violet color brightens your eyes,” he said with utter sincerity.

“What?” Certainly Radford hadn’t brought her back inside the house to comment on the color of her—her—

What in the devil was he commenting on?

“Your walking dress.” He made a vague, almost embarrassed, gesture in her direction. “The material is faded. But the color, it suits you.”

“Thank you,” May said, stiffening. There was more. His blurted compliment came from nerves. She knew him well enough to recognize that he needed to build up to whatever he planned to say.

“How are you feeling?” he asked after a brief silence. “You are free from suffering severe pains?”

“Yes, yes.” May held her hands in front of her like a shield. “Please, do not fret over me. You have much more important matters—”

“More important?” His brows creased. “Nothing could possibly be more important than your well-being, May. Nothing at all.”

Oh, if only that could be true . . .

Radford started pacing then. His cane thudded on the Axminster carpet with a regular tattoo. “You don’t understand.”

May was afraid she understood too well. “Oh, Radford,” she said with a sigh. “You must think of your family first. I’m like a new toy. This fascination you have in me is fleeting. The shine will wear off far too quickly.”

“You don’t understand.” He kept a steady pace as he continued methodically across the room. “I knew of your uncle’s plans. I knew he might cause you trouble. And yet . . . yet, I failed to protect you. In fact, my own damned horse nearly killed you.”

“I wasn’t nearly killed,” she whispered. Watching him take all the blame for her troubles pricked her deeply. No man had ever acted so gallantly or made himself her champion.

Mary Wollstonecraft would not approve. A woman should always serve as her own champion. As much as she wished for him to take charge and fix her horrid messes, she could not allow him to do so.

If you love him just a little, you must let him go, Lady Evers’ words echoed in her head.

“I never asked for your assistance,” she said.

“That is true.” He stopped and turned toward her. “You didn’t ask, you demanded. That first day you stormed into my study like a delightful harridan, you demanded I help you.”

Oh dear . . . she had done exactly that.

“I-I never intended . . . ”

“May, my lovely overlooked May,” he said. He began to slowly return to her. “I’ve considered this for quite a while and can only find one solution. You and I must marry.”

The words hung in the air like a dream teetering between sleep and forgetfulness. If she were to wake up and acknowledge his proposal, the magic would all but disappear. Reality would sadly return.

“No.” May rose from the chair slowly, afraid her legs would be too watery to support her. “Please, I cannot.” She backed toward the door.

Radford advanced with a determined glint sparkling in his eyes. “We must.”

With a steady gait he moved closer, moving as assuredly as a hungry falcon stalking his prey. “It’s the only way I can honorably protect you from your uncle and his scheming.”

The breath caught in May’s throat as his burning gaze kept her pinned to where she stood.

“Besides, May, we will suit, you and I. You will—”

“No.” May said forcefully. No matter how much she wished for it, no dream could replace reality. She shook her head from side-to-side to deny his words. “No. You would only grow to hate me. You deserve better than what I have to offer. Much better.”

His jaw dropped slightly as he tilted his head. “You do not hold yourself in high esteem?” Radford asked. He sounded genuinely surprised.

His question cut deep in her soul. “I have eyes . . . and ears. I know very well what I am. I have no pretensions about it.”

“Pretensions?” He tilted his head. If only he didn’t make her long to be the beautiful, graceful woman he wanted for a wife. Perhaps then, the truth wouldn’t be so hard to voice.

“I am a small, stocky woman more suited to the role of washerwoman than gently bred lady, my lord.” Tears burned in her eyes. She would not let them fall. Not for this, not ever for this. “In fact, I am not a gently born woman. My father, you see, is naught but a bastard—his father was a careless gentleman, his mother a wild gypsy.” She turned her head away and regained control over a quivering breath. “I refuse to be ashamed,” she whispered.

“Nor would I ask you to be.” He was suddenly standing in front of her, cupping her face with his gloved hands. “I don’t care about your past. It is your future that concerns me. And you are presently out of options. You are powerless against your uncle’s machinations. I am not.”

Her eyes fluttered closed as she rubbed her cheek against his warm touch.

“Let me do this for you, May. Consent to become my wife.”

If only . . . if only . . .

His touch ignited a host of feelings. Her head spun in the spiraling confusion. The man she loved with her whole heart was proposing to her. Her!

How easy it would be to say yes. She opened her mouth to agree to the madness when she realized what was holding her back.

Though Lady Evers’ words had made an impact, it wasn’t May’s disgraceful birth that was acting as a roadblock. May hadn’t lied when she’d said she wouldn’t be ashamed. Though her parents weren’t much more than a faint memory, she loved them dearly . . . and cherished how they loved each other.

Her parents had defied convention to marry, not out of honor or a desire to champion the other. They had made that difficult decision because of passion.

Though this moment would always live as a miracle in May’s memories, she would also remember the reason she pushed away his hands and kept him at arm’s length before his lips could touch hers. Nowhere in his sincere proposal had Radford mentioned love. He’d vowed to protect her, to do the honorable thing and rescue the maiden in distress. Perhaps he’d even convinced himself that he loved her.

No doubt the constant frustrations over his injuries left him feeling helpless, compelling him to act like St. George and do battle with her dragons. He’d said it himself—in this he felt powerful.

“Please, Radford,” she increased her distance from him. “Please, don’t press me for an answer.”

To deny him would be too painful.

To accept him would be a mistake May couldn’t afford to make.





Chapter 19

Radford watched with utter confusion as May fled his home. Her body trembled as she let a footman convey her up into the Newbury’s ducal carriage.

Lady Iona cast a nervous glance in his direction before following May into the carriage. Within a matter of a few shocked heartbeats the horses were spurred into motion and the wheels were rolling, carrying May out of his life.

“What did I do wrong?”

“What did you say to her?” Wynter aggressively pushed Radford back up the front steps and into the house. “Miss Sheffers looked crushed, absolutely crushed. Not to mention Lady Iona. She’s out of her head with worry for her friend. What in blazes did you do to make things worse?”

Radford led the way to his study where he tore off his frock, peeled away the gloves, and tossed his hat onto a chair. The late summer heat was getting to him, making him crazy.

He poured two glasses of claret and took a deep sip from his glass before offering its twin to Wynter. After muttering something about getting himself in too deep with Lady Iona, Wynter drained the glass with one try.

“Now tell me, Evers, what did you say to upset Miss Sheffers . . . and Lady Iona?”

Radford pulled at his hair as he remembered how May had paled when he’d detailed the reasons they should wed. “I was rational, calm. I cannot understand her reaction.”

“What exactly did you say to her in this rational, calm manner?”

“Why, I told May that we should marry. To hell with the requirements of the perfect wife, Miss Sheffers needs me. I can help her stand up to her uncle.”

“Bloody hell,” Wynter muttered. He helped himself to another glass of claret. “You actually told her you wanted to marry her to protect her?”

“In a manner, yes.” Just like May, his friend was getting emotional over what should be clear-cut, rational reasoning. Wynter stomped around the study like a wild beast while grumbling curses under his breath.

“Miss Sheffers is a proud woman,” Wynter said after he’d apparently worn himself down. “You saw that the first time she barged into this very room and demanded you listen to her. She does not wish to be coddled or told what is best for her.”

“And when did you become the expert on proposing marriage?” Radford shouted. “I thought you’d vowed to become celibate before agreeing to make such a unbearable commitment.”

“I remember I’d spoken those words less than a minute after you had made a very similar oath. We were both deep in our cups . . . and young, and foolish.”

Radford dropped into his leather desk chair and pursed his lips. “Perhaps we weren’t so foolish. I don’t think I was fated for marriage.” At least not the kind of open, honest partnership he now desired. Meeting May had changed him. Before her, marriage with a woman like Lady Lillian would have fulfilled his family obligations. Now . . . the thought of such a future left him feeling empty.

“Giving up on marriage doesn’t solve our problem,” Wynter pointed out.

“No. It doesn’t,” Radford agreed.

“So, what do you plan to do? You’ve created a heap of trouble by upsetting Miss Sheffers.”

Radford considered his options carefully before answering. He had no wish to inadvertently make matters worse for May. “We should include my man-of-affairs in this discussion. He’s been gathering information for me about the earl and his family. Information that isn’t commonly known. I believe we’ll be able to use the closet filled with skeletons Bannor has been digging through to keep the Earl of Redfield from causing Miss Sheffers any more stress.”

* * * *

Not one to back down or let others defend her, May felt uneasy the next day as she strolled with Lady Iona and Iona’s father, the very powerful and more than a little intimidating Duke of Newbury. This outing had been the duke’s idea. He planned to confront the Earl of Redfield on May’s behalf.

May’s pace slowed. She lagged several steps behind while fidgeting with the ribbons on her bonnet. Oh, how she longed to visit with her aunt and see for herself that Winnie was getting well again. But what would her uncle say seeing her arrive unannounced?

Tongues were wagging through the streets of Bath. According to the Duchess of Newbury, word of May’s disastrous encounter with her uncle and of Radford’s somewhat puzzling rescue was well known by all the Bath residents. Such a public airing of a family matter would have mortified her uncle. He put family pride and appearance above all things.

May would be lucky to be permitted to step foot within Uncle Sires’ townhouse.

“You have nothing to worry about,” the duke said. He’d stopped on the pavement and waited for May to catch up to him. “You will not be denied. The earl has a duty to you, his niece. I’ll see to it that he treats you with the utmost respect.”

Much to May’s chagrin, Iona had recounted to her father every horrid detail of how Uncle Sires had completely lost his head and attacked. Why should Iona keep her lips sealed, though? To hear the duchess speak, all of Bath knew how her uncle had tried to take a horsewhip to her. It was as if an audience had watched the frightening drama.

Well, an audience had . . . only, May expected her uncle’s servants to behave more discreetly than that.

Her temples began to pound as the group stood on the stoop and waited for the butler to answer the bell. If it weren’t for her aunt Winnie, she would have never agreed to see her uncle ever again. Since he was Winnie’s caretaker now, she had no choice but to humble herself and beg for her uncle’s audience. She’d beg all day if that was what it took to see her aunt.

Iona squeezed her hand as the ornately carved wooden door swung open.

“Fetch the earl,” the duke said, handing his card to the frowning butler.

“I am sorry, your grace,” the butler said gravely. “The earl is presently away from home.”

“He may feign his absence to anyone else in this town, I don’t care. He will see me.” The duke crossed his arms and glared at the butler’s stern expression.

For a moment May thought the duke had finally met a man brave enough to resist his severe façade. Gradually the man’s shoulders slumped, and the corners of his lips dropped.

“Very well,” the butler said as he backed out of the doorway. “I will inform the earl of your arrival.”

Before leaving them, he led the trio into the very study where May had brazenly bitten her uncle in order to escape his madness. The drapes were drawn and the candles unlit. The room was dark and silent.

The duke laid a hand on the butler’s arm and delayed him before he could scurry away. “You will tell him not to keep me waiting.”

The butler gave a quick nod and disappeared.

Not five minutes later the Earl of Redfield appeared at the doorway dressed in the very finest buff pantaloons, colorful waistcoat, and black frock. His gaze flicked from May to Iona to the duke.

“Newbury,” he said.

“Redfield,” the duke replied.

May stepped forward to intervene. This was her battle to keep Aunt Winnie in her life and she intended to fight it.

“Ah, what a surprise,” a booming voice echoed through the hall. Mr. Tumblestone sauntered into the room, wearing a broad smile and a rather baggy country outfit. He maneuvered around the earl and, with his thick hand outstretched, approached the duke.

“Your grace,” he said jovially. “It is a pleasure to see you again.” He turned and gave a nod toward Iona. “And you, my lady.” His watery gaze then landed on May. “And especially you, Miss Sheffers.” He swept May’s hand into his and placed a kiss on her gloved knuckle.

“How do you do?” May said as she tugged to regain possession of her hand. She turned away from Mr. Tumblestone and returned her attentions to her primary target. “Uncle, I wish to make amends.”

“Hush, May,” the duke said lifting his hand. “Let me handle this.”

“But, your grace—” May started to say.

“Let the men talk.” Mr. Tumblestone’s thick fingers wound around her arm. He pulled her until she was nestled close to his side. “While your spirit enthralls me, I doubt a man of either the duke’s or the earl’s stature are amused by such antics.”

May tilted her head up at the portly man and frowned. “Did you just say you were enthralled?”

She noticed then that both Uncle Sires and the duke had fully turned around and were gaping at them. The duke’s manner took on a fatherly tone as he stepped forward to intervene. Iona gave May a wink and settled into a comfortable armchair, looking as if she were getting ready to enjoy a play.

“Perhaps you should take care and remove your hands from Miss Sheffers,” someone growled.

May’s head snapped toward the study’s doorway. Her heart stopped. What was he doing here? Lord knew she certainly didn’t need any more complications standing in the way of her seeing to Aunt Winnie’s welfare. For his sake and Winnie’s, May had left him and her heart at Longbranch House. He shouldn’t be here, interfering with her life. He didn’t have a place in her life . . . nor she in his.

Yet there Radford stood at the threshold, as handsome as ever, dressed all in black with a cane in one hand and the earl’s lanky butler dangling by the collar in the other. Wynter served as an imposing second at his side. Both men’s gazes were fixed on Mr. Tumblestone, especially on how his hands were tightly curled around May’s arms.

May’s heart lurched. She’d lived in London long enough to know that wild rakes had the troubling tendency of challenging each other to duels over such trivial matters. By no means did she want a duel fought over her.

“What in blazes is going on?” Uncle Sires roared. “I will not abide my home being treated like a public house!” His face darkened to a deep puce color that couldn’t be healthy.

May attempted to pull herself from Tumblestone’s grasp, but he only closed his farm-hardened hands more fiercely around her shoulders.

“I said unhand her.” Radford’s voice carried the force of his military background with it. “You have no right to touch her.”

“Please, this is too much,” May said, still squirming to free herself.

“There is no need for these theatrics,” Mr. Tumblestone said with a nod to Radford and a second, deeper nod in the duke’s direction. “If you would but let me explain, all would be well.”

“I doubt that,” Radford murmured. He released the hapless butler, crossed his arms, and glared as if the devil had taken him.

“Please explain yourself then, Tumblestone,” the duke said soberly.

Uncle Sires grunted and gave a nod. His skin tone began to return to its normal pale pallor.

A large grin spread across Tumblestone’s wide lips. He traced the rim of his slick bottom lip a couple of times before proceeding. “Miss Sheffers and I have an agreement.”

May watched as Radford’s hands closed into a pair of very solid fists.

“No,” Tumblestone was quick to add. “There hasn’t been a formal announcement. Quite honestly, there hasn’t been time. The earl and I were calling on Miss Sheffers to make the final arrangements when Lady Winifred suffered a collapse because of her weak heart.”

“That’s a lie,” Radford said, biting off the words. His fists clung tightly to the stout golden-headed cane at his side. “She would never willingly accept a marriage proposal from you.”

“Ah, but she has.”

May’s head began spinning. She had accepted his suit. That graceful letter she’d penned just hours before her aunt fell ill had said as much. Her eyes grew wide as Tumblestone released her shoulder so he could pull that very letter from his waistcoat pocket.

“Isn’t that so, Miss Sheffers?” he asked.

With her gaze fixed on that cursed letter, she nodded slowly while her mind worked furiously on trying to figure out what best to say.

“Is this what you truly wish, May?” the duke asked in that paternal tone of his.

“Before you answer,” Mr. Tumblestone rushed to say just as May opened her mouth to gently tell him that she’d changed her mind, “let me remind you of the situation.” He turned to the Duke of Newbury then. “She’s been unduly influenced, and I’d say, confused by a man who desires only to make her his mistress.”

“Indeed?” The duke’s eyebrows rose. “Is the charge true, Evers?”

“Indeed it is not.” Radford tossed down his cane and peeled off his gloves as he advanced. “You will pay for that insult.”

Tumblestone tugged at his gloves, pulling them off one finger at a time.

Oh dear, trouble was brewing. Trouble she didn’t have time for. All she wanted was to see her aunt. If the men’s actions were to continue in this vein, a challenge for a duel would no doubt be issued. May planted her feet when it became clear that she stood between the two men and their dangerous folly. She held up her arms.

“Stop this right now.” Her voice rang with such chilly hauteur that both men froze where they stood. “I will not permit any man to fight in my presence or on my behalf. Up until now, I haven’t needed a man in my life, and nothing has changed to compel me to cling to the nearest strong arm. I am my own person and I intend to make my own decisions.”

Tumblestone appeared vastly amused by her speech. He slapped his gloves against his arm and chuckled. “Very well, Miss Sheffers.”

Radford, on the other hand, wasn’t going to be so easily dissuaded. His jaw tightened as he glared daggers at her. She felt like she’d slapped him in the face. The anger burning behind his tense expression was familiar. Just like the day in the Pump Room when he’d nearly fallen and she’d taken the blame for the mishap, she’d punctured his pride.

And that was the last thing she wanted to do. No matter what—despite their lack of a future—May loved Radford as dearly as she loved her parents and as fiercely as she loved her aunt. Though she may never see him again, after today, he would always be a part of her heart and her thoughts.

“Please, my lord, you need to worry about your own affairs. As you can see—” She gestured toward the duke. “—I am being well looked after.”

“But I—”

She pressed a gloved finger to his lips. Shameful behavior, she knew, but still she needed to touch him, to feel his warmth just one more time. What she was about to say was guaranteed to tear at her already tattered heart. “Go back to Lady Lillian. You have chosen well with her. She is worthy of your title and will make you a good wife. Worry about her, my lord. Not me. Your name has been sullied enough by connecting it with my problems and me. Think of your family name and do what is right.”

Radford captured the finger May had pressed to his lips and held the slender digit fast in his palm. “What is right?”

The question struck her dumb.

“Family duty,” Uncle Sires answered for her. “I must congratulate you, child, for having put voice to a point I hold dear. One’s duty to the family must always come first. Do you not agree?”

May felt trapped between Radford’s intense gaze and her uncle’s encouragement to blindly obey and satisfy her obligation to honor the Redfield family name.

“Think of your aunt,” Mr. Tumblestone said. “Lady Winifred will wish to have you nearby during her long recovery.”

Again, her head spun. Drat that bump on her head paining her temple. If she could only have some time to think clearly . . . if only there wasn’t a crowded room waiting to hear her decision . . . if only her life were different.

But, that wasn’t exactly true. Before she felt her heart beating and learned of its existence, she’d been content. She’d enjoyed living with her aunt and taking care of her needs. Her life wasn’t perfect, but whose was? She’d been happy.

And could be happy again.

The choice was hers to make.

“I am sorry, Radford.” She drew her hand away.

Independence had made her happy. That was one choice she could make. Her aunt was another. Family duty weighed heavily on her shoulders. After years of hard work supporting her aunt, she knew her shoulders could bear the weight. “My aunt comes first. I will do what it takes to be in her life, to be there for her.”

“What is this poppycock?” Aunt Winnie leaned heavily on her rarely used cane as she slowly entered the room. She was wearing a heavy wool wrapper over her white nightgown. A frilly cap framed her face, covering all but a few stray wisps of gray hair.

Everyone in the room turned to watch her make a grand entrance.

“Winnie?” May gasped. Her hands flew to her chest. Her aunt looked so pale, so weak. May charged across the room and caught her aunt’s free arm to help support her. “Winnie, you should be abed.”

“Poppycock!” Winnie banged her cane against the floor. She did, however, permit May’s continued support. “There is too much chicanery occurring in this house for me to lounge around now.”

“Please, take my chair,” Lady Iona offered. Wynter assisted May as she led Winnie to the soft cushioned seat. Her aunt’s feet moved painfully slowly. The poor woman should not have been allowed to stray from her bed. By the time she was settled in the chair, she was panting from the effort.

May hugged Winnie and could not stop the tears from spilling down her cheeks. “I was so worried. You cannot believe how worried. I feared I was going to lose you.”

Winnie, true to her proud self, didn’t allow May’s gushing to last. She patted May’s arm before slamming her cane against the floor to silence the room.

“Although it is heartwarming to see you, May, you are not the reason I came down here.” Winnie’s voice sounded as regal and strong as ever. She reached out her heavy arm and pointed toward Mr. Tumblestone. “You,” she rolled the word. “We must speak.”

The grin faded from Mr. Tumblestone’s face. He bowed his head. “Yes, I suppose we must.”

“Aunt?” May couldn’t understand why Winnie would feel the need to drag herself from a sick bed just to speak with her niece’s suitor. She’d almost always allowed May to handle her own affairs. It was rare indeed for her to step in and take charge like this. She firmly believed that May needed to learn to handle problems as they came and not to expect someone else to fix them for her. May agreed whole-heartedly to that philosophy.

What did her aunt intend to do?

“I once loved you with all my heart, all my being,” Aunt Winnie said to Mr. Tumblestone.

May’s jaw dropped.

“This is not the time, Winnie,” Uncle Sires said through clenched teeth. His color darkened again as his gaze tripped across all the members of the ton standing in his study and witnessing yet another drama thanks to May.

“When you were ripped away from me so many years ago, I’d thought my life would end. You were the world to me. Oh, you knew exactly how to speak to a lady and make her feel as if there was no one else in the world but her.”

Mr. Tumblestone had courted Aunt Winnie? It was possible. He lived only a few miles from Redfield Abbey, and they were of similar ages.

“Years later I learned the truth. I now know you accepted the money my brother gave you to stop the relationship. The truth tore at me even worse than the mystery of your sudden disappearance. When you arrived in Bath with Sires, I thought you had come to beg my forgiveness.” Winnie lifted her chin proudly.

“You don’t understand the circumstances,” Mr. Tumblestone said, tightly. “You have never gone without money.”

Winnie raised a brow. “Nevertheless,” she said. May shivered at the frost in her aunt’s tone. “You came to marry my niece, not to settle with me. Naturally I assumed May would refuse. Yet a part of me agreed that she needed a husband. My deepest desire is to see her raise a family of her own, to have someone to love and care for when I am gone.”

“Oh, Winnie,” May whispered, unable to bear the thought of a world without her aunt.

Winnie stiffened. “Up until now I have held my tongue, giving fate a chance to take its course. I will do so no longer. Other paths to fulfillment are now possible for my niece. And you, Mr. Tumblestone, are cold and heartless, longing only for wealth. I would have been miserable in marriage to you.

“I thank my brother for doing me a favor all those many years ago. I, in turn, will do the same for my niece. She will not marry you. I will not allow it . . . nor will Sires.”

The room fell still with stunned silence. Only Radford had the audacity to grin like a victor returning from a hard-fought war.

“Redfield?” Mr. Tumblestone said finally. “Do you agree with your sister on this?”

Uncle Sires looked as if he’d just swallowed a lemon whole. He twisted nervously. His crisply starched cravat appeared as if it were beginning to strangle him.

“I do,” he whispered.

“But we had an agreement.” Mr. Tumblestone paled. “You had said that if I—”

“Never mind what I said,” Uncle Sires said loudly. “I would thank you to leave now. In fact, I’d thank everyone to leave my home. I have much to do.”

No one moved. Not even Tumblestone.

“What will you do now, dear?” Winnie asked. She gave a sly glance in Radford’s direction.

“She will marry, of course,” Uncle Sires answered for her.

“Of course,” Winnie said, much to May’s chagrin.

“I will find her another, more suitable gentleman,” Uncle Sires said.

May raised hands in alarm at the prospect of being bartered away to yet another penniless gentleman. “No uncle, I will not agree to such madness. I have no need of a man in my life. In fact, my mind is made up. I will never marry.”

“If you not marry, child,” Uncle Sires said as he poked May in the chest with his stubby finger, “what shall you do? Starve?”





Chapter 20

Radford looked on as May denied her need for passion in her life. She had been pushed to the background for so long that she’d all but forgotten how to be herself. Radford saw her as she’d been forced to become. Her spirit dampened. Her urges restrained. Just like the shy ceramic sprite hiding in his pocket, May had completely withdrawn from the exciting world calling to her.

He could not let such a crime continue. As long as he still breathed, he’d free her. Not an easy task, he knew. His help wasn’t exactly welcome. Wynter had been right in his assessment of that one. Radford had bruised May’s pride when he’d boldly announced that she should marry him and let him solve all her problems.

No matter how deep she hid herself, her independent spirit would always shine through. That was one reason he loved her so fiercely.

Love.

The mere thought of being under the control of such a tender emotion scared Radford all the way down to his aching toes. Admitting to such soft feelings was a peril he wasn’t ready to face. She’d rebuffed his attentions more than once. May would have to prove her feelings for him before he’d risk the humiliation of declaring himself in love.

Radford stood stiffly in the middle of the Earl of Redfield’s study and watched helplessly as May faced down her uncle. He took some comfort knowing that with so many protectors she wasn’t in danger of suffering injury from Redfield’s hand.

Though Radford hadn’t been permitted to see to May himself two nights before, the doctor had recounted the bruises lining her arms and legs. Wynter had described in detail how the earl had dragged May to this very study while everyone in the household worried after her.

Her life had been in danger. Radford planned to use every power available to him to see that she never faced the same threat again.

The night before, Radford and Wynter had closeted themselves in Radford’s study while they met with Bannor. The three agreed that their strongest weapon against a man like the earl would be the threat of exposing the changes in his dying mother’s will.

Like many in the ton, the earl lived an expensive lifestyle. Bannor had produced a long list of creditors to whom the earl owed money. With the income from his family’s estates, he’d have no trouble paying his bills. But if he were to lose a large portion of that income to his sister, as stipulated in this new will, the earl would find himself in a real pickle.

If that tidbit of information were to become common knowledge, the earl’s creditors and shopkeepers would all be lining up to demand cash payments. He would lose his creditability. For a man of his self-importance, such a scenario would be like suffering a mortal blow—exactly the kind of weapon Radford had hoped to find.

He and Wynter had forced their way into the earl’s townhouse today to warn him that they were prepared to share the details of his mother’s new will with his creditors if he continued to cause trouble in May’s life.

They hadn’t expected to find a crowd.

The Duke of Newbury standing beside May like a lion protecting his cub had certainly been a surprise.

A welcome one at that.

The night before Bannor had reported another interesting piece of information . . . this one about May’s father. As Radford had feared, her father had indeed been born to a wandering gypsy. The father of the ill-conceived birth, who in turn was May’s grandfather, was the eight Duke of Newbury, the current duke’s father.

May was the Duke of Newbury’s niece? That information, combined with a favorable nod from the duke, would give May full entrance into fashionable society. A favorable nod—one that the stingy Earl of Redfield had never deigned to give his niece—would make a marriage between her and a viscount a socially acceptable possibility.

I will never marry, she’d just declared. Radford would have to dredge up all his forgotten charms to win her trust and her hand. The very thought of fighting such a battle made his every breath surge with new life . . . this was truly a woman worth living for.

“No matter what happens, I will never starve,” May said to her uncle. There was a delightful fire smoldering behind her violet eyes. Small as she was, she stood straight and tall before her uncle. A valiant David standing up to frightening Goliath.

Radford could not feel more proud. She was special, one of a kind. Capturing such an elusive fey spirit wouldn’t be easy. He would start the pursuit by proving his loyalty.

“Redfield, I have come to seek a private word with you,” he said with great authority. He tugged on his waistcoat. “It concerns a matter of utmost importance, and no, it cannot be delayed further.”

May’s frown deepened. “I don’t see how you could have—”

Radford pressed his finger to her lips. He’d rather enjoyed it when she’d done so to him, so he only happily returned the gesture. She colored prettily as she looked around and took notice of the room filled with raised eyebrows.

She’d done it to herself, setting the intimate tone between them in such a public way. Proper ladies did not press their finger to a gentleman’s lips. Nor did they call a gentleman by his given name. Such scandalous public behaviors only alluded to more intimate happenings behind closed doors.

After today, a swift marriage would no doubt be expected.

“I insist,” Radford said softly.

Her blush deepening, she gave a sharp nod.

“I wish to take part in this,” the duke said. Though his tone was amiable, the accompanying expression conveyed his unbending demand to be included. His interest in May’s future pleased Radford enormously.

With a grimace twisted enough to make a baby scream, the earl led Radford and the Duke of Newbury into a small adjoining library.

Radford kept his demands short and to the point while the duke looked on, nodding occasionally. The earl remained silent, a grim expression fixed on his face.

“I don’t understand why you’d trouble yourself so over the child,” Redfield said after a lengthy silence. “She’s a gypsy bastard’s daughter . . . not good for anything.”

Radford’s knuckles itched for violence. “Do I have your cooperation?”

Redfield chewed his bottom lip for several more silent moments. A highly polished brass clock on an oak mantel ticked loudly. “Yes, damn it. Take her away from me. I wash my hands of the chit.”

“And Lady Winifred,” the duke said. “You will treat her with the greatest kindness or you will find the ton learning of her impending fortune.”

Redfield bristled. His chin shot in the air. “Everything I have done, I have done for the betterment of my family. I have always taken care of all its members.”

“Then you will have nothing to worry about,” the duke said as he inclined his head slightly.

Of course Radford had no intention of waiting to see if the earl was a man of his word. His mind was already churning as they returned to the study. If May ultimately refused his suit, he would simply have to pay for a Bow Street runner to keep an eye on her.

After the second chance she’d given him at living, Radford was determined that May would never find herself in a position of being alone again. She’d never be forced to act out of desperation and beg for charity as she had on their first meeting.

“Is this mystery matter cleared up to your liking, my lord?” May asked crisply upon his return.

Radford pursed his lips, barely able to contain a smile at her futile attempt to separate herself from her previous slip, demonstrating her affection for him to the room. “I believe so, Miss Sheffers.”

He retrieved his cane from the floor. Bending down to fetch the damned stick proved difficult with his stiff leg. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught Lady Winifred placing a staying hand on May’s arm when she moved to assist him.

Smart woman, Lady Winifred. A wedding date would have to be set before the end of the week if May had acted so uncharacteristically and provided him—the very man she had once vowed to never assist again—with a kindly hand. Radford trusted Wynter, the duke, and Lady Iona to keep their tongues from wagging. Mr. Tumblestone, however, might not be so discrete. He’d just lost a promised fortune by losing May’s hand. The picture he could paint would be less than flattering for both May and Radford.

There was no need to further feed the speculation already blazing through the tearooms. The gentle wooing he planned for May would have to be conducted in public and conform to the strictest dictates of propriety.

“Miss Sheffers,” he said as soon as he straightened. “If you are agreeable, I would wish to call on you at the Newbury residence this afternoon.”

Her jaw stiffened, a feat Radford had thought impossible. Her features already appeared sorely strained. She opened her mouth to object. He could see disapproval bright in her eyes.

“Of course, Evers, Miss Sheffers would be delighted to entertain you,” the duke answered before May had a chance to utter what surely promised to be a crushingly wicked refusal.

“Delighted?” she blurted, her ire truly pricked now. Her eyelids snapped several times as she huffed. Lady Winifred pinched the back of her niece’s hand.

Radford winced in sympathy for the sharp pain she must have suffered . . . to her hand and her pride. May obediently bowed her head. “I would be delighted,” she murmured.

She was quite the accomplished liar, Radford thought with a quick grin. He gushed his fondest wishes on Lady Winifred, Lady Iona, and the duke before sweeping from the room. Wynter followed like a happy pup.

“I beg a moment,” the duke called just as Radford worked his way down the earl’s front stoop.

Radford turned and waited for the duke to join him. Wynter, with incredible tact, wandered over to his landau and pretended to inspect a wheel.

“Yes, your grace?” Radford tensed at what promised to be an awkward discussion. Lady Lillian’s heart would be broken. There was simply no way to avoid it.

The duke might even wish to punish Radford for causing his lovely daughter such pain. And who could blame him?

“I do apologize for any embarrassment that I might cause,” Radford said quickly, hoping to stave off the worst of the duke’s infamous anger.

“About my daughter,” the duke spoke as if he hadn’t heard a word of the apology. “When she is to marry, it will be to a man whose heart isn’t otherwise occupied. I no longer approve of your interest in her. You will no longer be permitted to escort her to any future affairs.”

Radford couldn’t believe his luck. “Thank you, your grace.”

The duke, by putting an end to the courtship himself, had just spared Lady Lillian from the shame of being considered jilted. Though no formal announcement had been made, everyone had expected the engagement. If Radford had called on May before the matter with Lady Lillian was settled, it would have left a nasty blot on Lillian’s reputation, one that would be considered by many as shocking as being left standing alone at the altar. Vicious tittering would persist far beyond this summer season as the ton continued to speculate on what Radford had found lacking in Lillian.

He clasped the duke’s hand and shook briskly. “Thank you. From the bottom of my heart, I have never been so pleased to have a father find fault in me and in my desire to wed his daughter.”

* * * *

“You needn’t continue to watch for the bounder like some excitable spaniel,” the Duchess of Newbury said to May with considerable disgust. “He won’t be coming.”

May was seated near one of the two large windows in the Newbury’s drawing room. The cool, sage-colored walls created a false air of calm in the room. The duchess was correct on one account: May’s heart was beating like a nervous spaniel’s.

For the last hour she’d been gazing at her newest book, a discourse on American flora and fauna, but not reading a word. Every sound drew her eyes to the front garden, where a storm was brewing overhead. Dark clouds rolled across the sky like great dragons.

Radford had said he’d come and call on her. Though it was the last thing she thought she’d wanted, May found herself turning breathless as the day drew late. It was Iona who had convinced her to don the bright violet gown, a dress May had never before worn.

“A messenger arrived several minutes ago. The viscount sends his regrets. I am sorry.” The duchess’ tone told another story. The Duke of Newbury had returned home and announced that he’d told Radford to look elsewhere for a wife. Never had May witnessed such dismay. The duchess had collapsed when she’d been unable to change the duke’s mind.

“The viscount is not good enough for Lillian,” the duke had said with finality. “She will just have to find another man to whom to cling.”

At first Lillian took the news calmly, shrugging elegantly and declaring there were many more fit men on the marriage block. But after her mother had fallen into a fit of hysterics, Lillian followed.

The poor duke had to sooth two wailing ladies while standing firm on his decision. May felt lucky to have such a strong-willed man on her side. She’d too been close to tears by the end of the ordeal.

Consequently, neither the duchess nor Lillian took a favorable view of the idea of Radford paying a call on May that afternoon.

“You must agree that his wishing to come here was in very bad taste,” the duchess said as May continued to stare out the window. She still couldn’t believe that Radford would ask to call on her and then suddenly change his mind. Had something happened? Whatever could be wrong? “Of course, after suffering Lillian’s rebuff, he’d want to find a new woman to parade on his arm. You were likely the most convenient. His pride must have suffered quite a blow. He was so devoted to Lillian, you must realize, ready to marry her.”

“Yes,” May agreed in the hopes of getting the duchess to just leave her to brood in peace. She certainly didn’t need anyone to remind her how she wasn’t quite up to crack when it came to the marriage mart.

When the duchess continued to hover, May closed her book and stood. “Pardon me, your grace,” May said sedately. “I believe I’ll go change. If you wouldn’t mind, I believe I should spend a few hours at the cottage helping Portia pack up the household.”

“Of course, dear. You must be feeling anxious to begin your new profession.”

* * * *

Dressed in a plain calico cotton dress with a kerchief in her hair, May assisted her housekeeper in packing up the shabby belongings she’d grown to love. The battered silver candleholder she’d bartered from a shipping merchant had become an old friend. May ran her finger over the pitted and dented metal and remembered the nights she and her aunt had spent in their cozy parlor, laughing while playing card games with a ruthless abandon.

Those days were over. The reminders were being packed away in soft cloths to be cherished sometime in the distant future.

May’s hand then stilled on the tiny porcelain figurine she had carelessly left sitting on an occasional table two days before. At the time, she’d rejected the dancing fairy figure Radford had purchased at the fair for her. The events of the past several days had been so chaotic, she hadn’t been able to take a moment to wonder about the gift. Why give her such a lovely present?

It wasn’t at all proper for a gentleman to be giving presents to an unmarried woman . . . not unless his interests in her were well known and accepted. It was even more improper for May to have accepted the gift.

Yet, he hadn’t let her reject it.

Just looking at the laughing sprite, a figure lost in a world of bliss, burned a hole in May’s heart. She set it aside but couldn’t bring herself to wrap the creature in a strip of linen and hide her away in a box.

She was doing the right thing, she assured herself. Her aunt had reluctantly agreed with the decision to leave. And though she’d miss her aunt dearly, this was the only way. Staying so close to Radford would hurt far too much.

Leaving Bath was truly her only rational option. Too many memories lived on the streets of this charming town. Staying in the city and having to relive them everyday would eventually stain those beautiful scenes.

Radford would eventually move on . . . and so should she.

“Oh dear me,” Portia called out from the back of the house. “Oh dear, oh dear.”

May dropped the packing linens she was holding and dashed to the kitchen. Portia stood with her hands clutched to her chest while a creamy colored horse craned its neck through an open window. Its long lips covered a bright orange carrot and sucked it into its mouth.

“Princess,” May whispered.

The filly, hearing its name, jerked its head up and stared at May. Its long lashes fluttered as it blinked its great big eyes.

“Whatever are we going to do?” Portia asked. “I can’t seem to scare the beast away, and she’s making a shambles of my kitchen.”

Earthenware canisters on the worktop lay toppled on their sides, contents spilling out. Fresh vegetables were scattered all over a flour-coated floor.

“I’ll keep her occupied,” May whispered, cautious not to startle the large horse. “Go fetch the Viscount Evers. He must be terribly worried about losing this troublemaker here.”

“Yes, miss. You be careful, miss. I’ve never seen a horse act so queerly.” Portia picked up her skirts and ran toward the front door as fast as her legs could carry her.

May kept Princess calm by singing a bedtime song she vaguely remembered hearing her mother sing. A fresh set of painful memories rode into the room on the backs of the long forgotten notes she produced.

Princess seemed to calm in response to the soft sounds. The filly lowered her head and nibbled happily on a head of cabbage as May repeated the chorus.

May remained frozen in the center of the kitchen while battling a mad desire to rush upstairs, fix her hair, and change into a newer gown. Radford would soon be on his way. She didn’t want his last memory of her to be one where she was dressed like an overworked servant.

But if she were to move, Princess might bolt. The young filly might look strong, but as Radford had said, she was still very young and spirited. She shouldn’t be allowed to run wild through Bath. There were too many dangers she might encounter. She needed to be cared for, protected.

May’s voice grew sore as she sang the same gentle lullaby. Luckily, her tune kept the horse’s interest. Princess continued to nibble.

The front door squeaked as it opened. The filly’s ear twitched. Her attentions, however, remained fixed on the feast before her.

A minute later, Radford limped into the kitchen, his cane clattering loudly on the stone floor. “Thank God,” he said between several deep breaths. “I thought I’d lost her for good this time.”

His cravat hung loosely around his neck. He wore a black oilskin cape smudged with dirt. He looked adorably mussed. May couldn’t help but be drawn in by his larger-than-life presence in her kitchen.

“I’m afraid she’s going to startle and run,” May whispered. “I’ve been singing to her.”

A strange grin turned up the corner of his lips. “I heard. It was charming.” He spared May a quick glance. “She likes you, you know. I’ve never seen a horse so besotted before.”

The thought of a horse in love with her had a strange effect on May’s mood. It pleased her to think that such a lean, graceful creature could find favor with her.

“Come with me,” Radford said as he gathered the few remaining carrots from the kitchen cutting board and stuffed them into his pocket.

“Where are we going?” May asked. She didn’t want to leave the filly. The silly horse needed her.

“Outside.” Radford took May’s hand in his. “You are going to catch Princess for me.”

“I am—what?” He had to be mad. She couldn’t catch a horse. What was to stop Princess from getting startled and kicking up her heavy hooves? May would get trampled . . . again.

“No, no, don’t fret, May. I’ll be right beside you.” He led her around the house to where Princess stood in the backyard. She’d completely trampled Portia’s herb garden. The ground vibrated underneath May’s feet when Princess jerked her head from the window and sidestepped away from them.

Distant thunder rumbled. Princess tossed her head up and down and sidestepped again, the storm obviously making her edgy.

What to do? What to do?

Radford needed her. Princess needed her. And all May could think about was how a horse had kicked her two days ago. She couldn’t brave the danger. It was madness.

Radford pressed a carrot into her palm. She drew a deep breath. Madness or not, Princess and Radford needed her. She stepped forward and hummed the song she’d already used once to calm Princess. Her voice cracked as her nerves began to wan.

“I’m right here,” Radford said quietly as if coaxing a skittish kitten. “Trust your instincts.”

He set his cane on the grass and drew out a long leather lead line. “Keep doing what you are doing. You’ve won her interest. Now lure her closer with the carrot.”

May clicked her tongue in her cheek as some carriage drivers would do before setting the horses into motion. The sound captured Princess’ attention. The horse lowered her head and flared her nostrils.

“Hold out the carrot.” Radford’s cupped the back of May’s hand as he slowly guided her to reach toward the giant filly. He stepped directly behind May, his body conformed to the curves of her back. He folded an arm around her chest and held her safe within his cocoon. The leather lead line hung loosely in his grasp, brushing against the front of her threadbare calico gown.

“Sweet Princess,” May sang. “Sweet, lost Princess, come home.”

Step by step the horse approached. May swallowed hard and closed her eyes, fully expecting a loud clap of thunder to send the horse on a murderous rampage.

Thunder did roll high in the sky. May’s eyes flew open. Princess didn’t seem to notice the rumbling sound while her flaring nostrils guided her to May’s hand.

“Draw the carrot closer to your chest now,” Radford whispered.

Her hand trembled as she coaxed Princess’ large head to hover inches from her own.

“That’s a good girl.” May couldn’t tell if Radford was speaking to her or the horse. Not that it mattered. The tender space behind her ear tingled in response to the caress of his gentle voice. Her legs grew watery.

Radford raised the lead line and very carefully laid it over Princess’ neck. It felt like forever as he very methodically looped the line around the filly’s broad neck.

“Beautiful,” he breathed. His arms tightened around May. “Beautiful.”

May released the breath she’d been holding and let her head fall back his chest, thrilling in the feel of his body touching hers.

His lips brushed her neck, nudging her to tilt her head to one side as his warm lips worked their way up toward her tender earlobe. He drew off the kerchief covering her hair and ran his fingers through her thick curls.

“Hmmm . . . ” Radford purred. “You’ve been such a passionate student. I cannot wait to teach you how to ride.”

May teetered on the verge of losing herself. It would be only too easy to open her heart to him again. She started to turn her head and accept his kisses when a large drop of rain landed on the center of her forehead.

A second drop fell on her shoulder.

And then the sky opened up.

Radford tightened his hold on the leading rein as a constant patter of cool raid pelted them, effectively washing the magic away and returning life to as it was. Radford stepped around May to settle Princess.

“Let me secure her to the post out front and then I’ll join you inside.”





Chapter 21

Why hadn’t Radford called on her earlier in the day? Just a moment ago he’d acted as besotted as his filly. A complete change from a few hours ago when he’d sent that impersonal message to explain his absence. Was it his worry over his missing horse that had kept him away? Or second thoughts?

May worried over those questions as she moved stacks of boxes from the parlor’s chairs. The whole cottage was in a sad state of disarray. The thought of entertaining anyone mortified her. She ran her fingers through her tangled curls and smoothed her gown several time while waiting for Radford to join her.

“What is this?” he asked when he finally entered the room. He shook the water from his cape but didn’t bother to remove it. Instead he lifted the heavy box from May’s arms and set it aside. “You are leaving, aren’t you?”

He sounded utterly crushed by the idea.

“Aunt Winnie and I discussed the matter at length after you left this morning. She plans to stay with my uncle. He can provide for her much better than I.”

Radford gave a sharp nod. “And yourself?”

She found she couldn’t look at him. “Why didn’t you call on me this afternoon?” She’d had a pretty speech all planned for him. She’d worn her best gown . . . and he hadn’t appeared. No note, only a brief message conveyed by a footman to the Newbury’s butler.

“Princess had jumped the fence. There were spots of blood on the boards and I was concerned she’d done herself injury. I asked my mother to—” He suddenly began to pace. “I suppose you never received a proper explanation. I am sorry to have disappointed you.”

May shrugged. “I needed to help Portia pack our belongings anyhow. I-I am leaving Bath.”

“You can’t,” he whispered, his expression falling. “I won’t let you.”

She caressed his cheek. “Oh, Radford, I cannot stay. The Duke of Newbury’s eldest daughter has three children and no governess. She has graciously invited me to go live with her and her husband in London, and I have accepted.”

“But what about us? I can’t believe you would walk away from our friendship. I . . . I . . . ” He turned away suddenly. “I need you, May.”

Oh, how she longed to believe he truly needed her. Hearing those words only punctuated the reasons she could not stay. She believed he found her attractive. But attraction was not enough. Mere attraction was not what had held her parents together for more than twenty years.

What would happen to their relationship when his leg healed and he no longer felt as if he needed to be her champion in order to regain a morsel of self-worth? He would declare his hasty marriage a disaster, that is what.

Oh la, if only she could peer into his heart and see what it was he loved. Did he truly want her or was he simply drawn to the feeling of strength he got from rescuing her?

“I don’t know you well enough to know if this is right between us. Unlike my gypsy ancestors, I cannot read the future. What happens when the shine of our attraction begins to dim and you realize that I’m not someone special?” May drew her hands down her short, slightly squat body. “I am not willing to risk ruining your life for a few moments of bliss.”

“A few moments, May? I don’t want just a few moments. This is a lifetime I’m talking about. You might not be able to see the future, but I can. For the first time since the accident I can actually visualize a tomorrow without dark clouds.”

“That hope you feel is because you are taking care of yourself now. You are healing, becoming stronger. Soon you’ll be able to prove the doctors wrong and ride again.”

“No,” Radford insisted. “It’s you who have transformed me.”

If you care for him even a little, you will let him go. His mother was right. He was confused, scared that he may never be the strong man he once was. He needed time to heal and see for himself that there were scores of women who could make him happy.

“Please do not press me,” May said. Her voice wavered as she held back a flood of tears. “My mind is set. I will not marry you.”

The affection flew from his expression. His gaze was as cold as the jade stones his eyes resembled. He slapped his white-gloved hand against his thigh, a sure sign of his agitation.

“You can drop the act.” He laughed then. It was a mirthless, pained laugh.

May’s heart stopped. “I don’t understand—”

“You must be the most skillful coquette I have ever met, ma’am. Imagine, I had believed you the most innocent of creatures.”

Innocent? May had never thought herself innocent. She’d suffered enough rejection and heartache to understand the harsh realities of the world. She splayed her hands in front of her. “I am who I am, Radford. I have never played any games.”

“Hah!” He tossed a hand in the air and paced, his cloak billowing out behind him. “You look at me with those large sorrowful eyes and see my disabilities. Admit it, you find me lacking.”

“Lacking?” Like an empty headed parrot, she could only repeat the outrageous charge.

“One favorable nod from the Duke of Newbury and you’ll become the rave of the season. Every beau of the town will be panting after you. That is what you want, isn’t it? That’s why you choose London over me.”

May shook her head, unable to believe her ears. The anger dripping from his tongue singed them. “I don’t understand, my lord.”

“My lord, is it now? You retreat to that prudish formality I once thought attractive? Well, it no longer wields the same power it once did, ma’am. I now know who you are. I’d been kidding myself. You are no different than Lady Lillian. All you care about is increasing your social position.”

“Social position?” The thought was laughable. May would have laughed too if the hurt hadn’t cut so deeply. How could he believe such a thing?

“And I was tearing myself apart trying to figure out how to convince you to be my wife?” He rounded on her then with violence brightening his eyes.

May refused to cower while her heart was breaking. What hurt worse than his words was the solid conviction with which he’d uttered them.

May sighed deeply.

“Before your uncle, the duke, took you under his wing, you must have thought I was the best you could do. I needed a wife and you were so kind to me, pretending to be so blind to my infirmities, weren’t you?” He grabbed her arm and shook her. “I thought you had tender feelings for me. More’s the pity, I actually believed you.”

May stumbled when he pushed her away. Her foot caught the corner of the tiny occasional table, toppling it. The woodland sprite figurine Radford had given her plunged to the floor and shattered.

A tear tumbled unbidden down her cheek at the sight of the poor broken fairy creature. She had done nothing to deserve such a bad end.

Nothing at all . . .

“My lord,” May said. She drew a deep breath, blinked back what felt like a flood of tears, and straightened her shoulders, making herself as tall as her squat figure would possibly allow. “I would thank you to leave now.”

He gaped at her for a moment and appeared unwilling to budge. It took all of May’s willpower and considerable pride not to throw herself into his arms and beg his understanding.

If only their friendship didn’t have to end this way, shattered on the floor in so many pieces like the ruined figurine. Repair would be impossible.

They were from two different worlds.

“Good-bye, Miss Sheffers.” His voice was as stiff as his lame leg. He dipped a half bow before leaving her little cottage forever.

* * * *

The morning sun shone so brightly it nearly burned Radford’s stinging eyes. The early heat quickly dried up all evidence of the storm that had raged through the night.

How dare the sun shine? The earth should be shrouded in darkness. That’s how he felt, why shouldn’t the world share his grief? A brightly liveried footman had arrived shortly after breakfast and handed him a folded piece of foolscap bearing the Duke of Newbury’s seal, along with the missing teacup from his set wrapped in a dainty handkerchief.

The sight of the lonely teacup crushed his aching soul.

He’d sat up all night wasting page after page of foolscap in a desperate attempt to recapture the flowery words he’d once spoken to charm the young ladies, words that could win back May’s bruised heart. Those words were no longer his to spout at will. That carefree young man had died on the Peninsula. His words were now fatally tinged with bitterness . . . and pride.

His pride had ruined him yesterday. He’d wanted to sweep May into his arms and kiss her until she was gasping for air. Her open dismissal of his need for her had killed the impulse. For a horrifying moment he felt like he was again sprawled and split open, helpless on the battlefield.

Out of fear, he’d fought back. Anger had done well to hide his fears . . . and had managed to push away his first glimpse at regaining a pleasant life.

After setting the delicate teacup on the desk in front of him, Radford broke the ducal seal and unfolded the foolscap. The note, signed by the duke, was brief and terse.

“Miss Sheffers has asked me to return this teacup to your person. She sends with it her regrets for having kept it so long. Upon her leaving Bath this morning, Miss Sheffers also personally requested that you make no attempt to contact her. I am to assure you that she bears you no ill feelings.”

Radford read the letter through several times, each time feeling emptier than the last.

She was gone . . . and wanted nothing from him.

He’d been a damned fool not to pursue her in the first place. He tore the dratted marriage list from his pocket and smoothed it out on the desk beside the Duke of Newbury’s letter.

None of the requirements of the list seemed to make a bit of sense anymore. The check sheet had led him down the wrong path . . . if not for fate, he’d presently be engaged to a lady most unsuitable for him.

He lifted the list and tore it neatly down the center. He’d forgotten to factor in so many intangibles such as passion, caring, and love. Those were the qualities he should have been looking for when beginning this fool’s search for a wife. And those qualities weren’t to be found in any one young lady. As May had shown him, he needed to find those qualities first within himself.

Her compassion and understanding had opened his heart . . . now she was gone and he felt raw inside. He rose from the desk and limped across the room. With an angry flick of the wrist he tossed the cursed list into the fireplace and watched as the corners of the paper that had once outlined his future curled and burned.

A gentle pressure touched his shoulder. Radford reached up and cupped his hand over his mother’s frail fingers.

“I knocked,” she said. “I grew worried when there was no answer.”

Radford didn’t say a word for a long time. He just continued to watch as the foolscap slowly burned in the banked coals.

“I have made a mess of my life, Mother,” he confessed after the last evidence of the marriage list was destroyed.

“No, dear, you are doing just fine. You are just unhappy right now.” She choked back a soft sob. “I was wrong to press the suit between you and Lady Lillian. I see that now. She wasn’t right for you.”

Lady Lillian, a fine woman by all accounts, would one day make a lucky man very happy. Just not him. He needed a very special woman to lift him out of his dark moods. He needed a woman to teach him that life was worth living again.

How had he let his pride chase such a woman away?

“I apologize for my behavior, son. I should have never let the prestige of connecting our family with one as respected as the Duke of Newbury’s get in the way of your happiness. Your happiness is all that is important to me. Please tell me you believe that.”

Radford drew a long, deep breath. His life wasn’t over. That gypsy at the fair had told him that he’d been hiding instead of living. Today, he believed it. “I do, Mother. I want the best for you as well.”

“That Margaret Sheffers—” his mother said, “she is the lady whom you love?”

Radford limped over to the window and watched as his horses pranced and played in the fields. It was time he began to live again. Even if it meant he’d have to subsist as a lonely man, he would embrace each new day with all the challenges the rising sun brought with it.

“The gel is by no means a diamond of the first water. But,” his mother sighed deeply. “I suppose if the duke embraces her as family . . . then, with a little polish, she might just be able to be brought up to crack.”

May was perfect. He wouldn’t wish her to change at all. She had taught him an important lesson with her fey spirit. She’d taught him to live. It was a piece of her he’d cherish in his heart for the rest of his days.





Chapter 22

The carriage swayed gently as a warm breeze blew through the open windows. The early-autumn sun was shining brightly on the City of Bath. It had been a month since she’d seen the gothic spires of Bath Abbey or enjoyed the calm flowing of the River Avon. May could hardly believe how fast the time had passed.

She wouldn’t be coming now if not for the urgent letters she’d received from both Iona and Aunt Winnie urging her return. Iona’s sister and husband had been most supportive, insisting she leave right away and giving her use of their carriage.

She clutched both letters and worried. Neither letter provided a drop of important information beyond stressing a need for her presence. What if Winnie had fallen ill again? What if the playful Iona had somehow gotten herself embroiled in a scandal? May prayed that the emergency was not too great that she couldn’t handle it.

She also prayed that Radford would not be in residence this late in the season . . . while wishing with all her heart she could see him again.

For several days she lived her life in London on pins as she half expected him to come after her. When running an errand or strolling the streets, she had always watched for him. Hoping, dreaming, fancying she’d catch a glimpse of him in a crowd, but always finding she was mistaken. Those dreams had faded into pleasant memories. She enjoyed teaching the young children in her charge and believed herself moving on with her life.

Now, upon returning to Bath, May realized she’d not moved on at all. It felt like only yesterday she’d told Radford to leave her alone. Nothing in her life had moved forward. Her running to London had solved nothing.

It had been easier to hide than risk chasing a happiness she might not be able to keep. But no more could she let such foolishness continue. May realized she’d have face her unresolved feelings for Radford and put them to rest so she could truly begin a new life.

“I just pray Aunt Winnie and Iona are both well. I will need all the help they can offer with this one.”

“I beg your pardon?” a man asked from outside the carriage.

May blinked. She hadn’t noticed that a finely dressed gentleman on horseback had been passing her carriage at the same moment she carelessly spoke her thoughts aloud.

Such a lovely horse he was riding too. A light cream-colored mare with a dark mane and tail . . . and brown speckles on her rear flank. She looked exactly like—

May blinked again.

“Lord Evers?” she asked, praying her wishful eyes weren’t once again deceiving her.

The man slowed his horse to match the pace of the carriage. He turned to look at her. His eyes sparkled as recognition lit them from within.

“May?” He drew a quick breath and seemed to quickly regain his composure. “Miss Sheffers, what a delightful surprise. What brings you to Bath? I hope you are well.”

May simply stared at Radford, unable to trust her eyes or her ears. Certainly Radford wasn’t really here, riding beside her carriage. She had to be dreaming again. But this couldn’t be a dream . . . she was far too worried over the reasons she’d been summoned to Bath so urgently and over her aunt Winnie’s health for this to be a pleasant dream.

She rapped on the roof of the carriage and called for the driver to stop. As soon as the wheels ceased turning, Radford awkwardly lowered himself from Princess’ saddle and swung open the carriage door. He reached inside and lifted her to the ground.

His arms lingered around her waist even though her feet had touched solid ground. Her hands lingered on his shoulders as well, she noticed with a start.

“I cannot tarry long,” she said as she hurriedly pulled away from him. There was no reason to get herself worked up over a dream she’d already refused to chase. “Lady Iona Newbury and Aunt Winnie have both written me, begging I come to Bath as quickly as possible.” Her hands shook as she showed him the letters she’d crinkled beyond repair. “I fear Winnie’s health has taken a turn for the worse.”

Talking about her concerns helped vanquish the frivolous butterflies flittering in her stomach and the shortness of breath she suddenly experienced from standing so close to him again.

He smoothed his thumb over her furrowed brow. “I spoke with both your aunt and Lady Iona at the Pump Room just this morning, Miss Sheffers. Let me assure you, they both appeared to be in high spirits.”

May felt her frown deepen. “They were?” Why then would they write with such urgency? At least there was no dire disaster awaiting her. She took comfort in having learned that much.

“They were walking arm in arm chatting merrily and charming everyone in the crowded room.” Radford smiled. His cheeks had the most adorable dimples. He took her chin and tilted her head up so she was staring directly into his eyes. “You are as lovely as ever.” His voice grew soft. Obliviously he didn’t notice her wrinkled and dusty carriage dress, her drooping bonnet, or the unmistakable exhaustion etched beneath her eyes. “I’ve sorely missed that impish expression of yours.”

He did? “You did?” Her heart raced as hope flooded her chest. Before he could answer, she rushed to change the subject.

“You are riding again. I’m so very glad you’ve proven your doctors wrong. Not that I’m surprised, mind you. I knew you would.”

Radford’s smile remained as brilliant as the sun as he continued to focus on her and nothing else. “I’m able to ride for short distances,” he said somewhat absently. “Ever since I stopped pushing myself so hard—thanks to your scolding—my leg started to grow stronger. No great changes, mind you. It’s a slow process.”

His thumb continued to caress her cheek. He inched closer. May felt her face heat as she realized how shocking their behavior must look to the carriage driver and to anyone who might pass by. She ducked her head away from his magical touch.

“You look healthy and content. I’m happy,” she said in place of a dismissal and turned to climb back into the carriage. She let him lift her since no steps had been lowered.

“Right now I’m better than content,” he confessed. “I’m tremendously happy.” That determined focus of his nearly tripped her as she nervously settled on the carriage’s narrow bench. “If you are agreeable, I would like to call on you tomorrow afternoon. There is much I would like to explain . . . and to apologize for.”

May gave a brisk nod just as the carriage lurched forward and began to roll down the road.

Yes, yes, yes, she could barely refrain from shouting. She would dearly love for Radford to call on her. His leg was stronger and yet his expression still softened when he’d first set eyes her. Perhaps his affections for her did go beyond his need for her troubled situation to give his injured pride a sense of worth. Her spirit soared. It had been far too long since she’d allowed herself to feel so recklessly special.

Certainly such a rare happiness was worth the risk she’d just placed on her barely healed heart.

* * * *

No one would tell her anything. Iona would stare at May with a funny grin but kept her lips tightly sealed when pressed for answers. That evening, Aunt Winnie had come to the Newbury’s townhouse for dinner and, like Iona, would only smile when asked about the vague but urgent letters.

“Tomorrow,” was the most anyone would say.

Tomorrow.

May sat in the Newbury’s welcoming, sage-colored parlor the next afternoon and fidgeted. Radford was due to appear any moment. This waiting felt only too familiar. A sick feeling turned in her stomach.

What if he didn’t come?

She’d donned the same deep violet gown fashioned from the sheerest muslins that she’d worn a month ago as she’d waited nervously in this very same parlor for his visit. Iona had helped her to tame her ruddy-brown curls and pile them on the top of her head.

As she spied her reflection in the window, she thought she looked surprisingly elegant. Last summer had changed her. She’d grown even more confident, more comfortable with herself. Unlike before, the gown’s stunning color didn’t discomfit her. Gone was the shy creature who had felt a need to hide behind the curtains.

She was who she was. Nothing was going to change that. Radford had taught her she had no need to feel ashamed. She straightened a book sitting on a small, elaborately carved rosewood table and glanced out the window again. Hopefully he would keep his word and arrive on time. She so wanted to thank him for this new confidence she enjoyed.

“May?” Iona stood at the threshold of the parlor, nervously twisting her hands.

“He’s not coming, is he?” May said, feeling suddenly tired.

“What?” Iona’s hands moved all the more nervously. “Oh, I don’t know. There are some people in Papa’s study waiting to see you.”

“Who?” May crossed the room to follow Iona to the study. Iona grabbed her and pulled her into a tight hug. Tears dampened May’s shoulder. “What is wrong, Iona? You are scaring me.”

“Nothing.” Iona dabbed her eyes with a handkerchief and tried to smile. “I’m just happy, is all.”

May imagined she understood the apprehension men felt when being led to the gallows. Her heart thundered erratically. She knew Iona. Those nervous tears were not born from simple happiness. Something earth-shatteringly big was awaiting May in the study . . . and Iona was terrified for her.

May straightened her spine, drew a deep breath, and opened the door leading to the duke’s oak paneled study.

Three faintly familiar, darkly tanned figures beamed smiles in greeting. They were clearly a family. The gentleman stood with his arm lovingly around the lady’s waist. A much young man with black unruly hair tugged at his boots as if they were paining him.

“May, darling? Winnie hadn’t lied. You have grown into a beautiful woman,” the gentleman said.

“May, my sweet May,” the lady wailed. “We’ve come home to stay.”

The voice rang like a whisper in a dream. May covered her mouth while staring, unable to believe.

“I think she’s in shock,” the duke said.

Someone began patting her hand vigorously. May looked and saw it was Iona.

“Who are you?” May whispered the question from behind her hand. She didn’t know why she asked such a foolish question when she already knew the answer.

Despite the gray streaks in their hair and the deep bronze hue of their skin, they were the very image of the tiny portraits she’d always worn in her locket.

“Who are you?” she shouted when her gaze latched on to the young man. He couldn’t be much older than fifteen or sixteen. His face was a tanner, masculine version of her own.

He swaggered up to her and gave an awkward bow. “I am your brother, Perseus.”

“Brother?” May was amazed at how calm her voice sounded. “It is a pleasure to make you acquaintance, Mr. Sheffers.”

“Oh dear,” said her mother, who suddenly felt more like a stranger to May than this boy calling himself her brother. “You’re angry.”

Angry was a blasted understatement. Her parents had a son. They’d traveled the world while heaping their love on this boy. She hadn’t been good enough to keep by their side. They’d left her behind, let her fear they were dead.

Let them go back to their exotic, far off lands and love their son. She’d been happier without them in her life, anyhow.

“May?” Iona whispered. “Lord Evers has arrived.”

As if sensing May’s need for support, Radford placed his hand protectively on the small of her back. “You look stunning,” he murmured in her ear.

May tore her gaze from her parents and slowly turned toward Radford. He was dressed in his finest black suit. His beaver hat gleamed as it sat at an angle on the top of his head. His cane was tucked underneath his arm so he could hold the largest bouquet of wildflowers May had ever seen.

“Would you care to introduce me?” he asked with a nod toward her parents.

“Viscount Evers, I am pleased to introduce Mr. and Mrs. Gaylord Sheffers . . . my parents.”

Oh God, her parents were finally home, and she felt absolutely unloved and miserable. This was not at all how she imagined their homecoming.

Hands and arms were smothering her as her mother and then her father embraced her, crying as earnestly as she wished she could. Her eyes remained curiously dry throughout the emotional ordeal.

“I suppose we should explain,” her father said after the duke had ushered them all into the upstairs drawing room where tea had been served.

Radford had directed May to sit on a small sofa. He set the flowers on a sideboard and sat beside her with his hand protectively holding hers. She let him feed her strength while she steeled herself for whatever her parents had to say.

“We wrote,” her father said. “We wrote letter after letter explaining our delayed absence. I’d send the letters to a small fishing village in Brazil along with the specimens I’d collected. Only recently did I learn that neither the letters nor the specimens ever found their way to the trading ships in the Caribbean. A man we trusted took payment for this service and threw away our packages. When I confronted him, he tried to kill us and steal what little money we had left. We escaped only to lose our way in the jungle. Years passed before we happened upon a captain of a ship willing to carry us home.”

May heard the very logical explanation and accepted it as true. Still, she felt miserable. If not for Radford’s steadying presence, she was convinced she’d have stormed from the room like a spoiled child.

“When I heard how Sires had treated you . . . ” her mother said. “I cannot tell you how his behavior angers me. I am so sorry we weren’t here to protect you. To give you a better life.”

“I am content,” May said softly.

Her father’s gaze narrowed. He looked at Radford as if seeing him for the first time. “Viscount Evers,” he said, a lilt of raw emotion alive in his tone. “What interest do you have in my daughter? I am not sure it is at all appropriate for you to sit there and cradle her hand like that.”

Radford’s protective hold remained firm. “I disagree.”

May’s father, a tall man who appeared as fit as a man many years his junior, peeled off his gloves. “I don’t give a fig if you disagree or not. She is my daughter and I will protect her.”

The dam broke. May charged across the room and tossed herself into her father’s arms just as she had when she was four years old and begging him not to leave.

“All these years I feared you didn’t love me,” she cried. “I feared I wasn’t good enough and that’s why you didn’t take me with you.”

“Oh dear God, May.” Her father held her tightly in his arms. “We have always loved you. Leaving you was the hardest thing we ever did. I fought against it, but Sires and Winnie convinced us that it would be wrong to endanger you by bringing you along. You deserved a better life than the one a wandering scientist such as I could give. You deserved to be raised as a lady.” He set her down and looked her square in the eye. “Never has my love for you wavered. You are my dearest, sweetest little Mayflower.”

Those were the words May had somehow forgotten but desperately needed to hear. The day her parents set sail, her father had made her promise to always remember that she was his dearest, sweetest little Mayflower . . . to remember that she would always be loved.

“I remember now, Papa,” she said as she wiped away a sheen of tears. “I remember you telling me that no matter what happens, this forever kind of love is always worth the risk.” She kissed his cheek and stepped back. Her gaze met Radford’s. “Please excuse me a moment. I need to speak with the viscount in private. It is truly something that shouldn’t wait.”

Radford stammered and blushed as she led him out the room, down the stairs, and out into the Newbury’s meticulously groomed flower garden. A heavy perfume traveled on the gentle autumn breeze and tickled her nose. May was about to comment on the scent when Radford pressed a finger against her lips.

“I need to explain something to you. And no, it cannot wait for you to go first,” he said. “I was a fool. I was so wrapped up in pride and fear I made unreasonable demands on what I wanted and ended up pushing you away. I would have chased after you immediately, but the duke asked me to wait and give you time.”

He ducked his head and stole a quick kiss. That brief brush of their lips sent May’s beautifully practiced speech flying.

“May, you are very important to me. I would like to court you properly. I will go to your father and beg his permission, if need be. I don’t want this to be a burden to you, what with your parents’ sudden return, but I have to speak my mind.”

He took a step back and sucked in a deep breath. “Miss Margaret Sheffers, I am utterly, completely, and hopelessly in love with you. You are the only woman I would even consider asking to be my wife.”

“Oh, Radford,” May said with a sigh, “I brought you out here to tell you the very same thing. I shouldn’t have let fear and pride keep me from telling you the truth about my feelings. I shouldn’t have pushed you away. I love you, too.” A great warmth filled her as she spoke the words she’d held hidden for far too long. “How quickly can we get married? We’ve wasted enough time already; I certainly don’t have the patience to wait any longer.”

“Nor do I, sweeting,” he said with a shout of joy. “If we could manage it, I’d say let’s get married today.”





Epilogue

The wedding didn’t happen right away. Both Radford’s mother and May’s parents demanded the wedding be a grand affair. Six agonizing months passed before they finally were able to say their vows. Radford penned long, romantic letters to May and sent enough flowers to fill several rooms. May wrote him equally romantic letters and embroidered all sorts of handkerchiefs, nightshirts, and linens with his initials and figures of dancing horses.

The extra time gave her a chance to reacquaint herself with her parents and to grow to love her nearly wild brother, Perseus. But still, she lived for the day her life with Radford could finally begin.

“Are you sure you’re safe up there?” Aunt Winnie called a year after the blessed wedding day. She was cradling the future viscount in her arms while watching with a twisted grimace as May sat atop a gentle old mare Radford had promised was the kindest of souls.

“She’s as safe as if she were in my arms,” Radford answered and gave May a look that made her blush from the top of her head to the tips of her toes. Never had she imagined marriage to be so pleasing.

A year had passed since the wedding night and he could still make her legs turn watery with just one heated glance.

Radford’s mother reached over Aunt Winnie and fussed with the baby blanket. May watched as the two stubborn women argued over the most beautiful baby she’d ever beheld. He was the very image of Radford.

Thankfully, the dowager Lady Evers had welcomed May into the family, telling her how grateful she was that May had made her son happy again.

“Shall we trot toward the hill?” Radford asked. “I promise we won’t stay away from little Henry for long. I can’t bear to leave him yet either. But I want you to resume your practice so you will feel comfortable riding.”

“As long as I’m by your side, I’m comfortable, Radford.”

She watched as he and Princess trotted on ahead of them. Both man and horse moved as gracefully as the wind. May tossed back her head and laughed. She prodded the dappled gray horse into a full run, blasting past Radford. Her bonnet flew off as the wind sailed through her hair.

Within no time, Radford caught up to her. They flew across the field, side-by-side on two wondrous creatures. May had never felt so happy or so wildly free.





LADY IONA’S REBELLION





For my dad, Robert McFalls, a wonderful father and proud WWII veteran. I know you would have loved this story.

And for Jim, who has been the glue in my life these last few months.

I love you both dearly.

* * * *

However rare true love may be,

it is less so than true friendship.

~ La Rochefoucauld





Prologue

May 1814

Lord Nathan Wynter peeled open one eye and then the other. His body felt sated and heavy like he could sleep forever, so what had woken him up? He strained his ears in the silence of the dark room. Nothing.

Curious. He rarely woke in the middle of the night for no reason. He gently pushed aside the slender, pale arm draped across his bare chest and slipped from the large canopied bed.

A draft of frigid air struck like a fist in the gut. It must be late indeed for the coals to have cooled so completely. Though it was nearly summer the nights at Dundas Manor, just a half-day’s ride north of Edinburgh, were still cold enough to make a man fear for his private parts.

Nathan would have escaped to a warmer clime more than a month ago if not for the smoldering, though sometimes coarse, Mrs. Jane Sharpes who’d inherited Dundas Manor and did a wondrous job keeping him warm beneath the sheets.

Jane stretched like a lazy cat and murmured in her sleep. She was only half-covered by the bed’s heavy blankets. The cold never seemed to touch her. Her long, shapely left leg was exposed. The creamy flesh appeared to glow in the gloom. Her raven black hair pooled around her head like a dark silky halo. A tug of lust hardened him.

Good heavens, he should be exhausted beyond repair, not thinking of new ways to savor every blessed inch of her. As it was, Jane had an insatiable appetite for lovemaking. She was always teasing his body into a frenzied state, Lord love her, several times a night. It was a wonder that Mr. Sharpes hadn’t died in this very bed after twelve years of marriage to Jane.

Sharpes instead had had the ill manners to collapse in the middle of a ballroom in London, dead on the spot. It had been quite a spectacle, elevating his rather overlooked wife to a popularity rivaled only by the Prince Regent himself.

Ah, winning the lovely, rich widow had been no easy task. Every rogue in London had set his cap for her. Nathan had used all his rakish charms to lure her to him, shocking many of the matrons of the ton along the way. One notorious night, he’d acted a little too outrageously and was caught in a rather compromising position with Jane in the Earl of Davenport’s portrait gallery. As a result, both Jane and Nathan had felt compelled to flee north to her husband’s estate—and shiver in the chilly air while the London Season wound down.

According to a letter he’d received a few days ago from Viscount Evers, the gossiping town tabbies had sunk their teeth deep into the scandal. His name was still being bandied about at teas and soirées, tearing apart what little good he had left to his already thoroughly debauched reputation.

His father, a stickler for propriety, must have been having fits.

Nathan would have chuckled at the thought of his crusty old papa huffing about the rambling Callaway Abbey, red-faced, if his lips weren’t so damned cold. He tugged on a heavy velvet dressing gown and thrummed his hands against his arms.

“Come back to bed, my pretty young pet,” Jane said. Her baritone voice was deepened from sleep and desire.

Nathan’s body instantly tightened, ready to take another tumble with Jane in her bed. Yet, his troublesome mind balked.

My pretty young pet she’d called him. Such endearments were falling with disturbing regularity from her full, red lips, as she demanded his attentions in her bed and in her house. During the last few days, he had begun to feel like a male version of a mistress. A kept man.

The thought was lowering.

“You aren’t still pouting over the cross words I spouted this evening, are you?” She propped herself up on one elbow. “I’ve already apologized for speaking to you like a servant. But really, pet, this is my estate. You shouldn’t have tried to interfere with its management.”

Nathan gritted his teeth to keep himself from saying something they would both regret and moved closer to the cool air gathering around the window. Damn her seductive ways, his body was truly aching for what Jane was offering to give him.

“I heard an odd sound, I think,” he said and peered out into the darkness. A dull orange glow from the full moon managed to peek through the heavy clouds and shine its soft light on the gardens and park surrounding the manor house. In a moment, he’d return to bed and give in to his baser needs. He’d worry about his self-respect in the morning.

He was making his way back toward the bed when a movement among the trees caught his eye. “What’s this?” He nearly pressed his nose to the cool glass to get a better look. A lone rider was approaching the manor at breakneck speed. There was a blur of the horse’s legs and the rider’s arms in the bleak night.

He turned back toward Jane. “Who could it be at this hour?”

Jane shrugged elegantly and rose from the bed. “I suppose we’re about to find out,” she said with a dramatic sigh.

She gave him her most tempting pose, as she stood in all her glory, no doubt knowing he’d burn and turn as hard as the bricks lining the fireplace. He swallowed down a lump of lust and tossed a pearly silk gown in her direction. Her lips pursed into a frown that threatened to singe his eyebrows while she slipped the gown on over her slender shoulders.

Ten minutes later, Jane’s sleepy-eyed maid appeared in the bedchamber. “You rang the bell, Mrs. Sharpes?” the girl asked around a wide yawn.

Jane tapped her toe on the floor. “Go find out who has presently arrived and disturbed all our sleep.”

“Yes, Mrs. Sharpes,” the young girl said. She gave a shallow curtsy before disappearing back into the dark hall.

“I would have gone down myself,” Nathan said. “You didn’t have to wake the entire household for this.”

“But I am awake. And unhappy, since you have fled my bed. Why shouldn’t the servants be roused?”

“Why, indeed?” he said dryly.

When had her haughty manner ceased to charm him?

The sleepy maid soon returned. “‘Tis a messenger, Mrs. Sharpes.” She bobbed a quick curtsy before handing a neatly folded foolscap to Nathan.

“For me?” he asked and bit his lower lip while giving the maid a roguish smile. He accepted the silver candleholder with its flickering taper from her slender hands and held it aloft so he could study the paper. The letter bore no identifying mark but was sealed with a simple blob of red wax.

“Whatever are you gaping at? Be gone with you, you foolish girl,” Jane said rather petulantly.

The maid blushed deeply and lowered her gaze. She curtsied as she rushed away, nearly tripping over her own feet.

Nathan wondered at the girl’s queer behavior until he noticed his dressing gown had slipped open. The maid had been given an unobstructed view of the entire length of his bare chest and a little below. He felt close to blushing himself.

He hadn’t even thought to don a pair of trousers or a nightshirt before her arrival. Had his wickedness really made him so immune to the sensibilities of others?

Ah, well. A bitter chuckle escaped his lips. There was no hope for it. Such was the life of an unredeemable rake.

He broke the wax seal to read the letter. No doubt, some interesting news detailing the ton’s reaction to his latest fall from grace.

“Yes?” Jane glided toward him but stopped just short of peering over his shoulder. She reached around and caressed his chest. Her wandering fingers dipped lower and lower with each tantalizing stroke.

“Good Lord,” was all Nathan could say at first. He pushed Jane away and read the letter from beginning to end again.

His father’s man of affairs had penned the words. Not his brother, nor his mother. His father’s blasted man of affairs had written Nathan because no one else deemed it important he knew—and it would soon be too late.

“I have to go home,” Nathan said. His head suddenly felt as cold as his heart. He couldn’t seem to tear his eyes away from the letter. “I must leave at once. My father…my father may be dead.”





Chapter One

July 1815

Lady Iona Newbury rushed down the hallway with a handful of her light blue muslin skirt tucked between her fingers. She was thoroughly shocked at herself for being late to tea. The afternoon had slipped away without her notice, which was most unusual. She was almost never late.

Of course she had an excuse. Her family had only moved into their Georgian-style townhouse on the Royal Crescent the day before and after helping her lady’s maid unpack she’d spent the afternoon taking baskets to several widows who resided in town year-round. A low murmur of voices rose from behind the closed parlor door. Iona sucked in a deep breath. From the sound of things, all of Bath had chosen today to pay a friendly call.

But of course they would. Her father, the Duke, was an enormously popular figure in the rather staid town.

She slowed her step and smoothed out her skirt before turning the parlor’s oval, rosette-encrusted, brass doorknob. She hadn’t opened the door more than a sliver when she heard her name clearly spoken from within.

She froze.

“You cannot pretend to defend your sister, Lillian,” a lilting voice belonging to Miss Frances Cuthbert, the daughter of one of the local gentry, said. “Six seasons and still unwed. It begs to be said. Your older sister is lovely. Her blonde locks shine like silk. It’s her stubborn nature that has put her quite on the shelf.”

On the shelf? Iona closed her eyes and tried to draw a calm breath. The air wedged in her throat seemed to be stuck there.

Surely three-and-twenty was years away from being considered a spinster!

“She is rather like a soggy milksop, isn’t she?” another of Bath’s youthful society ladies said with a giggle. “No, don’t take offense, Lillian. We only mean to assist her. You must try to make her more daring. I daresay it is not your sister’s stubbornness that is keeping the eligible bachelors at bay but her utterly dull manner.”

Iona curled her hands into a pair of tight fists and found her breath. Propriety and courtesy were important traits for a woman to display, weren’t they? As daughter of a duke, her behavior reflected directly on her family’s honor. There could be no other way for a dutiful daughter to act.

Surely no man had ever been frightened away by her naturally quiet demeanor. Those ladies, nothing more than vain gabble-grinders pretending to be such close and personal friends to Lillian, were wrong. Her personality lacked for nothing. It wasn’t her fault she’d simply never found a man worthy of her interests.

Moreover, a woman didn’t necessarily need a man to bring her satisfaction and passion in her life. She could find those things all on her own.

“Lady Iona?” A familiar voice brimming with good humor sailed down the hallway. “Whatever are you doing with your ear pressed to the parlor door?”

“I…uh…I…” She jerked away from the door with such speed that she nearly tipped over. A solid hand grabbed her elbow and held her steady. She raised her head up and up the length of the man’s body until she set her eyes on the sparkling azure blue gaze belonging to none other than the very wicked Lord Nathan Wynter.

A crooked grin landed on his lips. “Take your time, my lady,” he said as she continued to stammer.

His cream pantaloons hugged his legs like a second skin, which no proper lady should of course admit to noticing. A high-collared Wellington brown coat that pulled across his broad shoulders gave only a hinting glance at the lime green waistcoat underneath. His cravat had been tied with such elegance that the greatest arbiter of taste and refinement, Beau Brummell, would surely applaud at the sight of it.

He stood with his legs parted just so, leaned his free arm against the wall and waited while she composed herself. He was so very much in command of himself, a gentleman at ease in his own skin.

Two summers ago they had grown to be close friends. His surprise appearance at her side now utterly pleased Iona. She nearly lost her senses and tossed herself into his arms. A warm smile formed on her lips and she almost gave in to impulse when, stopping herself, she remembered the horrid rumors surrounding his reputation.

Although their friendship had been perfectly proper two summers ago, he was now considered a wild rake, one of the worst of the ton, living the last two years of his life with no apparent regard for moral constraint. Whispers of his debauched deeds circulated every tearoom and rout.

A hot blush traveled up her fair skin to burn her cheeks. He was not a man a proper lady should be happy to see. She cleared her throat and raised her chin a good inch.

“I beg your pardon. I was about to enter the parlor before you startled me.” She gave a dismissive nod to Myers, the family butler, who stood stone-faced behind the dashingly handsome blue-eyed lord.

Myers gave a deep bow and disappeared around a corner.

“You were eavesdropping,” Lord Nathan countered as playfully as a puppy in search of a game. An untamed blond curl drooped on his brow. He stood with his hand still in possession of her arm and pursed his lips in a wholly unnecessarily provocative manner.

Merciful heavens, two seasons ago, nearly every young lady had been more than half in love with Lord Nathan and Iona had considered herself lucky to be able to call him a dear friend. Until… Oh, why had he turned into an untrustworthy mongrel?

“You-you are mistaken,” she managed to whisper. “I would never—”

“Shhh…” He pressed a gloved finger to her lips and tapped the tip of his champagne blackened hussar boots on the marble floor. “Let’s not add lying to your growing list of sins.”

Her heart thundered in her throat.

It was also two seasons ago that Miss Nancy Harriett had accused Lord Nathan of seducing an unnamed young innocent. The gossipy miss, whose parents lived just a day’s ride from Nathan’s family estate, had doggedly insisted time and again that, several years before Miss Harriett was even old enough to make her comeout, Nathan had ruined a mysterious girl who lived near Miss Harriett’s village. He’d ruined the poor girl so devastatingly that she had no option but to take her own life. Miss Harriett, finding herself suddenly the center of the ton’s attention, had swiftly embellished her story, adding that Lord Nathan had also attempted to seduce her in a London hallway. A hallway very similar to this one.

Iona’s gaze flicked across the length of the empty hall.

She could scream but his warm finger was firmly pressed to her lips. It became very hard to breathe. She tore her gaze away from his. Was that a lustful gleam she’d seen sparking in his eyes?

Oh dear, what if the rumors were true? Very few in society had believed Miss Harriett’s wild tale until he’d run off to Scotland with the widow Sharpes. His sudden absence had raised new questions and spawned a string of fresh rumors. Even the refined ladies of the ton were caught up in sharing, in parlor room whispers, the sordid details of his thoroughly debauched exploits.

Would an unredeemable rake be able to stop himself from trying to steal a kiss? His lips were dangerously close to hers. She could almost feel his warm breath on her cheek.

What would his kiss feel like? Two years ago she’d asked herself that question more often than she felt comfortable admitting. Two years ago she’d been tempted to fling herself into his arms and steal the first kiss herself.

She struggled to draw a calm breath as a new worry bothered her trembling mind. What if he wanted more than a kiss? He wouldn’t dare try to ravish her here, just outside her father’s parlor, would he?

And to think she once considered him a friend…

His grip on her arm tightened as he drew her toward the heat of his wicked chest.

She whimpered.

“Now, now,” he said, drawing his finger along her tingling lips. “Don’t you swoon on me. I was only teasing about your sins. I’m sure you’re as irritatingly proper as ever.”

He tilted her chin up with his thumb. In place of his usual dazzling smile sat a deep frown. His brows creased with visible distress.

He’d left her lips quivering, longing for a kiss. Instead of breathing a sigh of relief, she only felt an odd sort of empty disappointment twisted in her belly.

“You aren’t planning to seduce me?” she asked.

He set her away from him with lightning speed. “Seduce you?” Color drained from his cheeks. “Lady Iona? I-I—” He dragged a hand through his hair.

“Surely you understand. The rumors—” she began.

“I expected more from you.”

“But-but your reputation—”

“I can’t listen to this right now.” He spun on his heel. “Accepting your father’s invitation was undoubtedly a mistake. Good day, my lady.”

A fresh wave of embarrassment rose up her cheeks. She pressed the palms of her hands to her face.

“Oh dear.”

“Iona?” Her mama, a vision of brown, silky hair and a smooth, youthful face, opened the parlor door and stepped out into the hall. “Wherever have you been?”

“I-I—” She stammered, just like when Lord Nathan had questioned her. What was the matter with her? She never stammered. “I was about to enter.”

The Duchess’s cool gaze settled upon Iona’s heated face after taking a critical survey of the pale blue promenade dress Iona was wearing with a royal blue silk sash tied just beneath her breasts.

The Duchess gave a quick nod of approval. “You are late,” she said stiffly, using her rounded, regal tone. “And your father had requested you meet him in his study over an hour ago. You will simply have to forgo the tea and attend to him straightaway.”

“Yes, Mama.” Iona grimaced as she bowed her head. How foolish of her to have forgotten. Rarely did such important matters slip her mind.

Papa had requested the meeting just that morning as she nibbled on toast smeared with a sugary strawberry jam. She’d readily agreed of course and apparently just as readily let the appointment slip from her mind.

What better time to inform her father of her new plans than now?

Oh dear!

She would stand her ground and finally tell him that she would not marry. She would instead become an independent woman. A sculptress, perhaps.

He would understand…wouldn’t he?

She pushed the door open after giving two quick knocks.

“Ah, there you are, poppet,” her father said. He waved away Iona’s rushed apologies and motioned to a leather chair near the fireplace. He turned back to the sideboard and poured a glass of brandy.

After running her fingers along her father’s smooth green marble sculpture of a wild horse leaping in the air, she sat with her hands neatly folded on her lap and fought an urge to fidget with the pearly ribbons hanging from her gown. Her stomach twisted. Her nerves were still all jangled from her surprise encounter with Lord Nathan, and now this.

She feared she already knew the purpose for her father’s attention. She wasn’t a ninny, of course she knew. Still, somehow she managed to hold onto her naturally placid composure—at least on the outside.

“You will see, Iona, this is for the best,” her father said, his smile tightened. He hadn’t taken his usual place in the empty burgundy chair across from her. They often sat face-to-face next to the fire to speak on…well, trifling matters.

“The best,” she whispered. Her head turned colder than the wettest, chilliest winter’s day London could ever have offered.

Summer was well upon them. The Newbury family moved from London to their Bath townhouse every summer so Mama’s health could benefit from the water’s restorative properties.

They had barely unpacked.

“You are three-and-twenty,” her father said and paused. His pale robin-egg blue eyes settled on her and a smile creased the corners of his lips. “Three-and-twenty.”

Her father, the rather austere Duke of Newbury, was tall, lean and very blond. Her aunt had often commented—with a deep sigh—how his three daughters were naught but female versions of his handsome self.

His quiet adoration filled Iona’s heart, making what she wished to tell him all the more difficult. A young lady was expected to marry. And the daughter of this Duke was expected to marry a titled gentleman of considerable standing.

She had no desire to disappoint him. Yet—she took a deep breath—she also had no desire to marry any man. She opened her mouth to explain her decision when he cleared his throat again.

“Yes,” he said and set to pacing, “three-and-twenty years. A woman grown.”

“And nearly firmly set on the shelf,” Iona’s mother said from the doorway. She slipped into the study and closed the door behind her with a snap.

Several silent, tense glances flew between the Duke and Duchess.

“I have a right to be present,” the Duchess said finally. The Duke gave a sharp nod and turned away.

Iona’s clasped hands tightened, her nails digging into her skin.

Had Papa not noticed how she’d visited the British Museum to sketch the marvelous assortment of marble figures nearly every day of this past social season in London? Had he not seen how she’d become ever more restless in her current life?

Certainly there was no need for her toes to be quaking in her leather kid boots as she watched her mother stride toward her and settle into the empty chair generally reserved for her father while he remained on the other side of the room to splash another goodly amount of brandy into his finely cut crystal glass.

He took a sip. His frown deepened. “This past season in London nine very eligible and well-bred gentlemen each paid me a visit. Each begged for your hand in marriage. I would have been pleased to call any one of them son-in-law.”

Iona’s chest tightened. Her father had never appeared bothered when she’d refused the many offers of marriage presented to her. In fact, she’d sensed he’d been pleased by her stubbornness. Why the change in manner now?

“I fear for your happiness,” he said.

“You are fast gaining a reputation as an emerging spinster,” the Duchess said. “It is most embarrassing.”

Her father sighed. “As much as I wish it, you cannot remain my dear, little poppet forever. Like a baby bird, you have to leave the nest in order to learn how to fly.”

“I agree, Papa,” Iona said. Now was the time. She would tell him all about her newfound love of sculpture. He would understand her decision to move into a modest London cottage and study with one of the local artisans, for her father loved her and truly wanted her happiness. And she would be happy, for she would have her independence and, at the same time, never be too far from her family. “I believe I should—”

He held up his hand. “I know what is best,” he said briskly. He flicked a sharp gaze toward the Duchess before hurrying on. “And I have made a decision that will serve our family’s interests as well as provide you with a stable future.”

“Yes?” Iona asked in the long silence that followed. Her voice wavered. “A-a stable future?”

“Don’t look so worried, poppet. I’m not about to sell you to the highest bidder.” The smile that grew on his lips didn’t go anywhere near his worried eyes. “I’ve contacted Lovington and he’s most agreeable to the match.”

“The match?”

“You and Byron will marry at the end of this summer,” the Duchess said.

Her father waved his hand in a large arc over the expanse of the heavy oak-paneled room. “Lovington will one day inherit all this. And more importantly, you will become the next Duchess of Newbury.”

The light in the room grew willowy white, too bright for her buzzing mind to handle. She pressed the heels of her hands to her eyes and was very glad to be seated.

“I shouldn’t be surprised,” she muttered. Such matches occurred all the time. They were expected. They made perfect sense. And she loved her cousin, Lord Byron Lovington. But it was a sisterly kind of love. No spark of passion—not at all the kind of heartrending love portrayed in the romantic paintings and statues she’d studied—had ever flared between them. They’d been practically raised together.

Of course, since both of Iona’s brothers had died during the first years of her life, Byron Lovington was legally her father’s heir. The ducal title and estates were destined to one day go to him.

“Lovington is quite busy dealing with his shipping company. What, with Napoleon’s defeat last month, he has had his hands full dealing with all the changes in the import business. He won’t be able to join us here in Bath for a fortnight.” Her father’s comforting hand stroked her back. “We will hold off making the official announcement of your engagement until he has arrived. That should give you ample time to become accustomed to the idea.”

“Of course,” she said, stiffening her spine.

She managed to raise her head from her hands and blink away much of the blurriness. This marriage was what her father wanted. As his daughter, it was her place to obey his wishes. She was the good daughter, the obedient one.

Her parents hadn’t even asked her opinion. They simply expected she’d abide by their decision.

She forced a smile to her lips. “Of course,” she repeated. “This will keep the ducal title within our immediate family.”

“And you will be happy.” Her father clapped his hands together with that announcement. “I almost forgot, poppet. There was something you wished to tell me?”

“No,” she said, shaking her head. Her dreams of independence drained away like water from a leaky bucket. For a brief moment, Lord Nathan’s face flashed in her memory. There was a rogue brave enough to live as he pleased.

And he was as different from her as night was from day. The thought of what her steadfast obedience had wrought threatened to make her ill. Her fist clenched and unclenched in her lap as her mind raced with agitated thoughts that urged her, nay, compelled her to—

In a blind panic, she snatched a colorful oriental vase from the tiny table beside her chair and smashed it along with its purple lilies against the fire grate. Her mother gasped.

“No, Papa! I will not agree to this.” Iona leapt up from her chair and planted her fists on her hips, echoing a stance her younger sister often favored when disagreeable. “I will not be led to the altar like a lamb. I am your daughter! I deserve better!”

Stark silence answered her. Her father had drawn back, his expression empty. The Duchess steepled her fingers in front of her lips and fluttered her eyelashes.

“Why, Iona, where has this come from, child?” she said at last.

Tears flooded Iona’s eyes. Her heart beat a sickly tattoo against her throat. “Papa, I have made plans to use my dowry and move to a small London cottage, to—”

He held up his regal hand. His lips tightened into a grim line as he swallowed deeply. “I daresay you should go to your bedchamber and compose yourself. You have two weeks to become accustomed to the marriage. You will be happy with Lovington.” The last sounded like a royal decree.

“But Papa—”

“This is for the best.” He turned away from her. The discussion was over. She knew from watching him deal with her sister’s tantrums that no amount of tears or pleading would be able to pry another word from her father’s lips.

Head bowed, she crept from the room. There was truly no hope for it—she’d simply have to pack her dreams away. That was what any obedient daughter would do, dash it all.

But still, there had to be another way…

* * * *

“Let me help you,” Nathan shouted. His stubborn father, the Marquess of Portfry, should—at the very least—lean on his shoulder as they prepared to make their way from the carriage and across the pavement toward the elegant Bath townhouse. The townhouse was one of thirty identical stone terrace houses—the Newbury household being one of them—that formed the exclusive Royal Crescent. Nathan’s father, whose major concern was making a proper impression, had meticulously picked this particular home to rent for the summer.

Nathan had arrived in Bath several days earlier to ensure that all was ready. And despite all his father’s foul grumbling, Nathan truly wanted to help.

His father’s skin appeared shockingly pasty after the long carriage ride. He shouldn’t have been up and walking.

Where had Edward disappeared to? Their father needed all the assistance he could get. He was still much too ill, too weak to be trudging across the sidewalk, much less up a flight of stairs without an army’s worth of assistance.

Though not so weak that he didn’t have all the footmen quaking in their boots and keeping a good arm’s distance away. The Marquess’s voice boomed violently as he countermanded Nathan’s order directing the footmen to lift the Marquess from the carriage and carry him in their arms into the townhouse.

Though the servants might be cowed by his father’s bluster, Nathan wasn’t. His determination remained firm. He had to protect his father from a relapse, even if he had to haul the stubborn goat inside and up the steps alone.

“Leave off, you insolent pup. Do stop tugging on me.” It was the kindest thing the Marquess had said to Nathan since his homecoming. He couldn’t help but smile as he looped his arm around his father’s back. He used sheer force to make the old codger accept his assistance as they stepped away from the carriage.

“Blast it, you are the bane of this family!” the Marquess shouted in front of the gaping servants not two steps later. And in front of three ladies—their faces hidden behind outrageously wide bonnets—who had the misfortune to be strolling on the wide sidewalk in front of the townhouse at that very moment. One lady, dressed in a peacock blue gown, paused and lifted her head. Her small mouth formed a moue. A feeling of recognition kicked low in Nathan’s gut as his gaze brushed hers.

Lady Iona.

“Untamed. Unschooled. My deepest shame, boy. I rue the day you were born. I rue it!”

Nathan tightened his jaw and turned away from Lady Iona, staring instead at the Royal Crescent’s façade of giant Ionic columns. His reputation was already so battered he doubted his father’s ravings could do much harm. Even so, a shudder of shame coursed through him.

He’d considered Lady Iona a friend once. But now, like all the other proper ladies of the ton, she apparently felt compelled to guard her virtue against a rogue like him.

More’s the pity.

He trudged across the sidewalk and into the townhouse with his father leaning ever heavier on his arm.

It had been a long year, watching his father struggle with his illness. The Marquess had simply been too cross, too stubborn to let the Angel of Death haul him off that late spring day a little more than a year ago.

Nathan couldn’t have been more relieved. His father’s recovery had handed him a second chance, of sorts. Not that his homecoming had been an easy one.

“So you’ve come,” his older brother, Edward, had said with a curled lip the evening Nathan had finally returned home to Callaway Abbey. He’d met Nathan in the front foyer with his legs braced and arms held tightly across his chest. “You’re not welcome here. I don’t know whether to bash you into the ground with my bare hands or have a footman do the deed for me.”

Edward had done neither. Hadn’t had a chance, really. For the very next moment a maid had sobbed loudly, sending both Edward and Nathan charging up the stairs, taking two steps at a time and dashing into the Marquess’s bedchamber.

Their father thrashed in the middle of his giant canopy bed. Displaying a ghastly shade of greenish-gray, he gasped a weak breath that appeared to be his last and had become very still. His eyelids dropped open to let his cloudy eyes stare fixedly at the ceiling.

A death stare.

Nathan curled his hands into fists, thinking he’d arrived too late. Minutes late but late all the same.

His mother was kneeling beside the bed, keening softly. Her cheeks stained from a steady flow of tears.

So the old codger was to leave the world, Nathan thought, just like that, without even a word of goodbye or a plea for forgiveness. What a great joke. Had his father ever even tried to love him, the younger son? Was there truly nothing left over after heaping all that affection on his firstborn?

“Damn you,” he spat out. The curse left Nathan’s lips without thought. After a moment’s consideration, he repeated it, louder and with much more conviction.

“Damn you!”

The Marquess’ seemingly dead eyes shifted.

“You…dare…curse…me?” Like a death rattle, the words rumbled from the Marquess’s thin lips. He drew a ragged breath.

Time seemed to stop and wait. The Marquess drew another breath, deeper and steadier than the first. Nathan’s mother pressed her hands to her lips. Edward’s jaw dropped.

The Marquess lifted a shaky finger and pointed it toward Nathan. “A bitter disappointment.” Color flooded his wan cheeks. “I’m ashamed to claim you as my seed.”

His eyes fluttered closed then and the old man slept. He slept through the night, waking the next morning in a terrible temper. But alive.

Too angry with his youngest son to die, Nathan supposed.

Now, more than a year later, Nathan was only too glad to help his father settle in Bath for the summer. He lowered his panting father, who’d quite literally wasted his breath with his fussing, into an overstuffed brocade chair in the townhouse’s front parlor. One servant rushed off to fetch a pot of tea and another in search of a lap blanket.

Nathan’s mother, Lady Portfry, and Edward’s wife, Maryanne, arrived in the second carriage. They swept into the brightly decorated cream-and-red-striped front parlor and immediately took over the Marquess’s care. Maryanne literally pushed Nathan out into the hallway.

“Go find Edward,” she ordered. “He should be here with our father, not you. Lord knows what you must have said to my husband to run him off like this.”

Satisfied he was leaving his father in good hands, Nathan offered his sister-in-law a brisk nod. With a sunny smile, he scooped up his hat from a mahogany side table and escaped into the bright afternoon sun. Edward was a smart cove. He could find his own way home.

So instead of setting out in search of his older brother, Nathan started toward the center of town and home. He’d rented a small apartment a few blocks away on the busy Lansdown Road.

The weather was excessively pleasant that summer day. The sun winked at him from behind a sprinkling of high, fluffy clouds. The green lawn of the adjacent Crescent Fields sparkled as if they’d been encrusted with emerald dust.

Since he was in no hurry to return to his cramped living space, he veered across the road to wander through the greenery. There, in the distance, he caught a glimpse of a peacock blue skirt swirling in the light breeze.

Lady Iona. She and her two companions were strolling at an utterly proper and sedate pace on the gravel walk that cut through the grassy Crescent Fields. They appeared to be headed toward the heart of the city as well.

A tinkling of laughter rose in the air. And Nathan couldn’t help but pause and stare when Lady Iona tilted her head back and smiled at one of her companions.

A man would be hard put to find a paragon of grace and virtue like her in all of England. Such a lady would fit into his plans for Bath quite nicely.

He jammed his shiny beaver hat onto his head and took off in pursuit. He wouldn’t harass the lady. Oh no, that wasn’t his style. He’d only take a closer look—for now. A scheme of this importance would naturally take time to accomplish.

This conquest would be much different from any other he’d ever attempted. And the task much more difficult thanks to his already scathing reputation. For the first time in his life he was on the prowl—not for a mistress—but for a wife.





Chapter Two

“Mary Wollstonecraft, Mary Wollstonecraft! If I hear you quote one more thing by that fool woman, I vow I will scream,” Lady Lillian said, her voice rising with a shrillness that quickly stilled Iona’s tongue.

Iona knew from harrowing experience how her younger sister’s threats were often acted upon and the bustling Great Pulteney Street that they were strolling along toward Sydney Gardens was certainly not a proper place for a duke’s daughter to lose her temper.

She gave a nervous glance toward Miss Amelia Harlow, a young giggly lady Lillian had invited to be a summer guest in their Bath townhouse. Amelia had forged a few steps ahead of them to greet her brother, Mr. James Harlow. Neither appeared to take any notice of Lillian’s outburst.

“I am simply saying a woman’s fulfillment doesn’t need to come from her husband,” Iona said softly. Too late. And to the wrong ears.

“Oh!” Lillian howled. “You’re quoting that woman again.”

“Please strive to keep your voice down,” Iona scolded, her voice softer than before. She hooked her arm through Lillian’s. Thankfully her sister knew nothing about her recent wedding engagement. If no one were to know…well, perhaps she might still be able to find a way to please her father without actually having to marry her cousin.

“You cannot possibly believe what you say, Iona,” Lillian said. Her shrillness had fortunately subsided. “Ladies such as ourselves are expected to attract the finest bachelors and make grand marriages. This talk of independence will only bring you trouble.”

For once Lillian appeared utterly serious. She lowered her voice to a near whisper and slowed her step as she turned to face Iona. “Ladies are beginning to talk. After six seasons on the marriage mart this stubbornness of yours has set tongues to wagging. Is there a man out there you are secretly holding out for? The entire ton is wondering.”

Was there a man somewhere in the world who could make her heart thrum and the days feel too short? Iona had often wondered, had often dreamed of meeting such a man, and had once thought that maybe…

But it was too late for such lovely fantasies.

She closed her eyes and tried to draw a calm breath.

“Don’t be silly, Lillian,” she choked on the words. “Why, Mama didn’t marry until she was five-and-twenty.”

“It took Papa that long to come to his good senses,” Lillian finished. “But you haven’t even one prospect. You’ve spurned every man to show an interest in you. Two summers ago I thought you’d developed a fondness for Lord Nathan. A shame about him. I vow he will soon come to a bad end.”

Iona gritted her teeth. “I’m sure we cannot believe everything we hear about him.” Still, the memory of her recent encounter with the wicked lord quickened her heartbeat. What had changed him? They had once been friends. What had made him turn feral and dangerous?

“Come along, Amelia is outpacing us by at least a block. We wouldn’t want her to finish the labyrinth before we were even to begin.”

After making their way through the popular Sydney Hotel, which stood at the entrance, they entered the fragrant gardens. Sydney Gardens, like Vauxhall in London, was a subscription pleasure garden that offered a brilliant array of entertainments, musical and theatrical. Unlike Vauxhall, the actual plantings in Sydney Gardens boasted a dizzying variety of flora and colors.

A lazy serpentine path drew Iona forward into the flowering canopy of a copse of black poplar trees. She adored the untamed feeling of wandering beneath the trees. Distinct from the stark order imposed on most English gardens, Sydney Gardens celebrated the wilderness, albeit in a safe well planned-out manner.

Iona and Lillian found Amelia and her brother, Mr. James Harlow, waiting for them not far from the entrance. They were standing under a shady bower of flowering Catalpa trees with another gentleman Iona recognized immediately.

“Lord Grainger.” She inclined her head in the dark-haired gentleman’s direction. He was dressed in the most fashionable manner, with fawn-colored pantaloons, shiny riding boots, a red-and-white-striped waistcoat that matched the nearby camellias, a flowing cravat and an olive-colored single-breasted coat that fit like a second skin.

“Ladies.” Lord Grainger Talbot bowed with a Corinthian’s flair. As he rose, his silver gaze latched onto Iona’s. “Perhaps I might be permitted to join in your stroll through the labyrinth? I am a great lover of all beauty, you see.” There was a laugh in his voice.

He’d playfully pursued Iona’s hand all season in nearly the same manner. She rarely took him seriously. Yet his sudden appearance in Bath caused a niggling of doubt to flare. When most of the Fashionables summered in Brighton, enjoying an endless string of routs and balls, had he chosen the much more reserved Bath because of her?

She nearly blurted out how her hand was already spoken for—nearly.

“The more the merrier,” she said instead, took his arm and led the group down a pathway that meandered through a bed of waving snapdragons alive with tiny yellow butterflies.

In one week and five days all of England would know of her fate.

Unless…

No, she must obey her father’s wishes. That long night of tears after she had openly defied her parents had made her realize one important thing. Keeping her parents’ love was more important than chasing after the flighty hope that she might one day stumble upon her heart’s passion.

Unless…

Was it her imagination? She glanced over her shoulder when the path led them around another wide corner to take a second look. Was that the wicked Lord Nathan on the path behind them? She licked her lips as she wondered what mischief he could be searching for in Sydney Gardens.

There was the secluded grotto, rumored to be a popular spot for lovers. Would he dare attempt a dalliance in broad daylight? But why shouldn’t he? He had a particularly clever and scheming head on his broad shoulders. Besides, even if he were caught, how would it hurt him? Iona couldn’t help but think how a tattered reputation such as his must be terribly freeing.

Her spotless name had left her locked in a gilded cage. Oh bugger, why had her father come up with his brilliant idea that she marry her cousin the same day she had finally gathered enough courage to tell him of her plans for independence? Perhaps she should take lessons from the wicked Lord Nathan.

“What is that mischievous look?” Lillian asked, her pretty forehead creasing. “What are you plotting?”

“Nothing,” she said. She freed her arm from Lord Grainger’s.

“Lady Iona plotting?” Lord Grainger said, causing the group to laugh.

Lillian naturally turned the subject back to fashion by the time they entered the labyrinth. Never had Iona acted impulsively or in a manner that would raise an eyebrow. She was after all, as she’d overheard whispered on several occasions, an utterly obedient and dreadfully dull young woman.

If only there was some way she could change that.

Gentlemen flocked to Iona like flies to honey. Why shouldn’t they? Her sunny smile and delicate complexion had captured the breath in Nathan’s throat the first time they’d formally met.

This afternoon, he followed her through the twisting green labyrinth like a besotted puppy. Every so often he’d catch a glimpse of her. He rounded a corner and once again spotted her through an opening in the labyrinth’s hedge.

This time she noticed him too. She turned and stared right back at him. A curious look of determination sparked in her eyes.

He crossed his arms and held his place, half expecting her to direct the attentive Lord Grainger Talbot or Mr. James Harlow to march over and warn him off on her behalf. But she didn’t. Her pink lips curled into a wry smile. She dipped her head in a mock bow and, sending the hem of her blue gown fluttering, disappeared.

Encouraged, Nathan picked up his pace. He had to guess at the turns to take in the blasted leafy labyrinth, not at all sure what he would do if he caught up to Iona and her group of friends. They would surely give him the cut direct, pretending to not notice his presence. That’s what proper young women were taught to do when found in the same company with a dangerous rogue.

More’s the pity.

He turned a corner, thinking he was steps from the center of the maze and discovered he’d reached a dead-end.

“Are you lost?” a sunny voice asked.

He whirled around.

Iona, pretty as a spring flower in the nearby garden beds, blinked up at him. Her peacock blue dress shimmered in the afternoon sun as if it had been sprinkled with dew. A smile lit her face. She tilted her head and studied him without a blush of shame.

“Where is your gaggle of friends?” he asked. He looked beyond her shoulder and saw no one.

“They took a different path. I made a small wager with the others that a group couldn’t find their way to the center of the maze before an individual.”

He glanced at the dead-end alcove where they were both standing and then back to her. “It appears you are about to lose your wager.”

She took a bold step toward him. “I never wished to win in the first place.” She took another bold step, closing the distance between them. It was improper for an unescorted maiden to stand so close to him, a renowned rogue. “I wished to steal a few moments alone with you.”

“With me?” He swallowed hard.

He couldn’t think of one reason a proper lady would want to meet with him alone—unless that lady was overly bold and in search of a dalliance.

Good Lord, could it be true? Could women be seeking him out thanks to his reputation? Not that he had any trouble picturing the lovely Lady Iona sprawled out underneath him. Naked. Willing. And eager to please.

That was probably one of her most alluring traits. She had an eagerness to please others. Every member of the ton knew how she’d sacrificed her happiness time and again for her sister’s benefit. Once he convinced her to become his wife, he’d reward her eagerness to please by filling her nights with sensual bliss.

The bodice of her peacock blue walking dress was cut daringly low, as the latest fashion dictated. His gaze was drawn to the exposed tops of her plump virginal breasts. He fiddled with his tan gloves feeling every inch the big bad wolf society believed he’d become.

It would be easy enough to act on the urges that were suddenly banging around in his head. With a few carefully worded compliments, he could easily lure her away from prying eyes.

But blast it! This was Lady Iona, the paragon of propriety. Did she truly wish to—

“Surely you’re jesting.” He retreated from her until his backside was pressed into the prickly hedge. A branch snapped.

If he were to take advantage of her desires—or his—he’d destroy any chance at repairing both his reputation and his relationship with his family. No. No. No. Not even for a chance to sate his long-repressed hungers would he take such a risk.

“I rarely jest,” she said softly. She reached out and placed her slender, lacy-gloved hand on his chest.

He raised a brow. He didn’t enjoy feeling like a fox being run to ground. “Why are you seeking me out like this?”

“I have a request.” Her chin jutted upward. “You and I have grown as different as the East is from the West.”

“We have,” he agreed, unwilling to guess the nature of her request. Guessing was only getting him overly hot. To do any more would only lead to trouble—the kind that generally ended up with him staring down the barrel of a revolver.

“I wish to—” She paused and blinked heavily, turning her gaze skyward. Her lips twitched and she looked ready to burst out into a puddle of tears. She drew a loud, steady breath. “You have lived your life, Lord Nathan.”

“Some would say I’ve lived it too heartily.”

“Indeed,” she muttered.

“What is it that you wish, Lady Iona? Have you come in search of that kiss I failed to steal from your lovely lips two days ago?”

A pretty blush colored her cheeks. “No,” she said without hesitation. “No, I wouldn’t dream—I mean, I apologize for insulting you. I wish to make amends. In fact, I want to renew our friendship.” She let out a huff. “Two years ago, we successfully conspired to help our friends find love. Lord Nathan, I come to you now with a similar task.”

“You wish to play matchmaker again?” He laughed at the thought. It came out sounding bitter. Two years ago he’d helped his friend, the crusty Viscount Evers, find his heart and nearly lost his own in the process. “I am sorry, my lady. I cannot help you.”

“You misunderstand me,” she said and grabbed his arm before he could skirt around her. “I want you to help me recapture that feeling of excitement when we were plotting and scheming.” She sighed and added breathlessly, “And truly living each day. In short, I want you to teach me how to be more like you.”

He stared at the delicate hand curling around his arm. He tried to convince himself that the warmth he felt, radiating out from where she was touching him, was because the day was warm and nothing else. “You don’t understand what you are asking.”

She licked her glossy lips. Her pale blue gaze pierced his heart. “I think I do.”

“I couldn’t.” He peeled her fingers from his forearm, caressing each one in turn before releasing her hand. With large strides, he took several steps down the narrow passage and away from her.

“I suppose then I will simply have to ask either Mr. Harlow or Lord Grainger to teach me their roguish ways.”

Nathan froze in his step. “You wouldn’t.”

“I will if I must,” she said. Her voice had hardened with resolve.

He was acquainted with both men though he’d not call either friend.

Harlow was a fop, a young one with absolutely no sense at all. He’d muddle things, leading the reserved Iona into a situation that would surely ruin her reputation.

Talbot, on the other hand, was older and more careful. Iona might escape an encounter with the rogue with her reputation unscathed, for he’d be discreet. But Nathan wouldn’t trust Talbot alone with an innocent like her. He’d seduce away her innocence and leave her heartbroken. Much like himself, Talbot was a wolf, naught but a wild animal that should never be trusted with the sheep.

Nathan grabbed Iona’s arms. “No,” he said. “You won’t pursue this crazed idea with any gentleman. I will pay a visit to your father if forced.”

Fire flashed in her cool gaze.

“You don’t understand,” she whispered. “You don’t know what it feels like to temper every action, to be the obedient one.”

She might as well have slashed him with a sword. She represented everything he wished to become. She was the daylight to his perpetual nightmare. Ladies like her were to be protected, shielded from the darker side of life.

But if she wanted to spend time with him, even for such a nefarious purpose, perhaps he could use her folly to his benefit.

“Very well,” he managed to dredge out from behind his clenched teeth. “However I will choose how the lessons go—”

“What is this?” Talbot’s voice boomed just before a large hand grabbed Nathan’s shoulder and turned him around. “When you failed to reach the labyrinth’s end I grew concerned, Lady Iona. That concern, I see, was not unfounded.” Talbot curled his right hand into a fist and drew it back. “Tell me he tried to harm you. Just say the word.”

“Stop this!” Iona squeezed between them and held up her hands. Her rounded backside pressed up against Nathan. He groaned.

Grainger must have noticed the flare of lust. His frown grew and he began to swing his fist.

Iona held up her hands. “There will be absolutely no hitting in my presence.”

Not quite the defense Nathan had hoped for from her. She had sought him out, after all. Still, relief swept through him. In no way did he wish to become embroiled in a public brawl.

“I shall call him out on your behalf,” Talbot proclaimed and whipped off a glove. “I shall champion your honor.”

Nathan rolled his eyes. This popinjay was laying his bravado on a little thick. He knew Iona. She wouldn’t appreciate any man dueling because of her. Duels weren’t proper. In fact, they were downright illegal.

She’d never stand for such a thing…he hoped.

She held her tongue longer than Nathan thought wise. A killer’s gleam had begun to darken Talbot’s features. The man slapped his glove against his thigh. Was this what she wanted? Surely she didn’t understand that blood and death were frequently the outcome of duels.

Needless trouble, duels were, foolish endeavors all too often pursued by cuckolded husbands.

“You have no claim on Lady Iona,” Nathan said. “You have no right to champion her.”

“Enough of this idiocy,” she ordered just as Talbot opened his mouth to argue. “I hear Lillian approaching. I’ll not have her involved in a scene.” She took Talbot’s arm, swung him around and gave his back a goodly shove toward her sister.

“I will hold you to your word,” she tossed over her shoulder as she followed Talbot, her slender hips swaying.

Nathan remained in the alcove. He closed his suddenly gaping mouth.

“Was that Lord Nathan?” he heard Lillian ask, as the trio turned a corner. “Please vow to me he didn’t turn wild and try to ravish you.”

Nathan groaned. It seemed he’d let society paint a sordid picture of his character for far too long. With all the members of the ton wary of him, winning Iona as a bride promised to prove much more difficult than he initially imagined.

* * * *

Several hours later, Nathan tossed back a shot of whiskey and nearly toppled out of the wobbly wooden chair. Or perhaps it was the floor that wobbled? No matter, he didn’t plan on going much further than the rug at his feet anyhow. The young Mr. James Harlow had already collapsed onto the deep-hued Aubusson rug and was snoring loudly.

“Drink up,” Lord Grainger Talbot slurred. He splashed more single malt whiskey into both their glasses. Quite an obliging chap, that Talbot.

Not more than an hour ago, Talbot and Harlow had showed up at the small apartment Nathan had rented. The two men had barged inside without a by-your-leave, fully prepared to bash Nathan’s head into the floorboards.

He would have been a bloody lump of bones and flesh if the two hadn’t gotten themselves into an argument over which one had the right to defend Lady Iona’s honor. Harlow insisted Iona harbored a secret passion for him, which had sent Talbot into a rage.

Thanks to Nathan’s quick thinking and the bottle of fifteen-year-old whiskey he’d produced from his private stash of smuggled spirits, all violence had been averted.

Nathan raised his cup and studied the distorted setting sunlight as it streamed through his cramped parlor’s spotless window and curled like a colorful rainbow of orange and red hues through his finely cut crystal glass. “Lady Iona needs to marry,” he said.

“Yyyess,” Talbot drawled. “The gel is too damned stubborn for her own good.”

“Doesn’t matter.” Nathan slammed his glass onto the table. A goodly portion of his drink sloshed onto the already sticky desktop. “A woman with her partenagg…partenshash…umm…pedigree could serve a man well.”

“A man like you, I suppose?”

“She could do worse,” Nathan said.

“Next you’ll tell me you believe in the wee fairies. Too drunk to know what’s real, you are. Perhaps you should go ahead and pass out.” Talbot gave Nathan’s shoulder a nudge.

Instead of falling on his face, Nathan launched out of his chair. “A bloody nuisance,” he shouted. “That’s what we bloody are. You and you—” He gestured toward the unconscious James Harlow on the floor. “And me. Second sons. What good are we? Alive only because our older brothers might kick off this mortal coil before producing heirs. My father splits his time between wishing me to the devil and pretending I was never born. And my damned brother already has a son of his own. So what use can I be to him? I’m a bloody nuisance, that’s what.”

“Speak for yourself, Wynter,” Talbot said after draining his glass of whiskey. “My father is pressuring me to complete my studies and take up a position in the blasted clergy. Wants me to become a damned productive citizen. Can you imagine me—me delivering a sermon on the evils of vice? I’d pay a year’s allowance just to get my father to ignore me.”

Harlow snorted from the floor.

“You’re lucky,” Nathan grumbled. “I came to Bath thinking I might be able to—” He waved a hand in the air and nearly lost his balance. “Never mind. I can’t gain entry into any of Bath society’s dull functions thanks to his—” He batted away the angry thought as the room spun around him. “Never mind. Who would want to go to a damned tea or ball anyhow? Drink up. This is a fine whiskey and the beginnings of a fine night. Neither should be wasted.”

Talbot grunted his agreement and drained his cup.

Nathan reached for his own glass but ended up grabbing his head to ward off the loud, painful sound that was pounding on his ears. Perhaps some mischievous goblin had crawled inside his head and was banging on his skull from the inside out. Damn and drat. He’d pay a pretty coin to get that thumping to stop.

“Someone’s knocking on the door,” Talbot said. “Don’t you have a valet to chase unwelcome guests away, Wynter? This bottle is nearly drained as it is. Send them away! Send them away!” He tossed an arm in the air. “We haven’t enough to share!”

“My valet has the day off.” Truth was, Nathan sent his efficient servant away. Freddie would scold like a fishwife if he were to witness his master in such a sorry condition.

The cursed knocking resumed.

“Well, someone needs to send them away,” Talbot said.

Harlow groaned and tossed an arm over his head.

“Very well.” With the help of the top of his sturdy desk, Nathan managed to stand. He tugged on his coat to straighten it. There was no hope for his cravat. The starched muslin was wrinkled beyond any hope of repair. No matter, he planned to open the door only long enough to send the cove with the relentless knuckles on his way.

“Please,” he barked as he tossed open the door, “stop that infernal knocking.”

A ragged street urchin quickly lowered the fist he’d been using to practically pound the blasted door down. “Would you ‘appen to be Lord Nathan Wynter, sir?” the lad drawled.

Nathan nodded, which set the world to wobbling again. “Damn and blast, who the devil wants to bother me right now?”

The lad didn’t answer. His eyes grew to the size of a pair of wide saucers as he dug around in a deep trouser pocket. After a moment of frantic searching, the boy produced a crumpled piece of foolscap. He pressed the grimy note into Nathan’s fingers and scampered away.

Nathan pushed the door closed, leaning against it while he stared at the paper sitting in the palm of his hand.

“Who the bugger was that?” Talbot shouted the question.

Nathan unfolded the note and read the flowery scroll. Tonight. Eleven o’clock, outside the Lower Assembly Rooms a feminine hand had written. It was signed with a flourish Your eager pupil.

“A bloody heap of trouble, that’s who,” he said.





Chapter Three

He was late.

Iona moved deeper into the shadows, keeping to the far corner of the grand portico fronting the entrance of the Lower Assembly Rooms. She tapped the glass of her dainty pocket watch. Six minutes after eleven.

A couple of the lower gentry were leaving the dress ball early. Their laughter tinkled through the cool night air. Iona pressed her back against the marble wall, worried someone might notice her. She’d slipped away from her family a few minutes before eleven o’clock, thinking she’d be able to return before the night’s final dance at midnight. If Lord Nathan delayed much longer, he wouldn’t have enough time to teach her much of anything.

Visions of him shamelessly enjoying a liaison with another woman sprang to her all-too-vivid imagination. She kicked the tip of her pink satin slipper against the pavement.

The rogue. If he didn’t intend to come, he could at least have had the decency to send a note.

Did he care so little for her good name? What if she were discovered lurking in the shadows without a proper escort? Eyebrows would be raised. People would whisper behind their hands.

A shadow moved beside her. She caught a distinctive whiff of honey and pine.

“You are unforgivably late,” she whispered.

“A thousand pardons, my lady.” He moved closer and draped a dark cloak over her white crepe pelisse. “In this particular instance, I felt discretion was vastly more important than timeliness. Shall we go?”

He offered her his arm. He’d dressed the part of a dangerous rogue. His clothes were black from head to foot. Even his cravat was fashioned from the darkest muslin. His hat sat low on his head and was tilted forward toward his nose. A person would have to take a long, close look to recognize him.

Under different circumstances, she’d surely mistake him for a highwayman or a smuggler.

A thrill of fear surged in her gut. What did she truly know about him? She fingered the heavy cloak he’d laid over her shoulders. The dark color was necessary to serve as a disguise, she supposed.

“I won’t tease you if you wish to change your mind,” he said, staring down his long aristocratic nose at her. His blue eyes looked as dark and vast as the night sky. “It’s a considerable leap of faith on your part to put your reputation in my hands like this.”

“My mind is set.” She lowered the cloak’s hood over her head, careful not to disturb the throng of pink daisies threaded through her hair. She placed her hand on his arm. “Please, lead on.”

A look of mischief danced in his eyes. His lips curled into a thoroughly wicked grin that sent her heart tripping.

Iona licked her lips. “I have less than an hour before I am missed. I hope that will not be a problem.”

“This first lesson in debauchery shouldn’t take very long at all, my lady,” Nathan replied. She could have sworn she heard a soft laugh hiding under his curiously formal tone.

She gripped his arm tightly as he led her in silence through the Bath streets. He kept them cloaked in the darkest shadows near the buildings as they hurried past several familiar faces. She hadn’t realized how many people promenaded the streets after dark. She lowered her head and touched her hand to the brim of the hood. Her heart thundered in her chest.

This was madness. She would be caught. Her father would glower in silence. Her mother would shriek. And she would forever lose her status as their dear, obedient daughter.

Cecile, her older sister, was the lucky one, happily married and producing heirs for her husband. Lillian, her younger sister, was the beauty of the family. Stuck in the middle, Iona had forever been relegated to playing the part of the good child, the quiet child and later, the pliable young lady.

Lord Nathan pressed a finger to her lips as he led her past Abbey Street and toward the King’s Bath. Light reflected from the streetlamps sparkled in his eyes like stars. A smile tugged on the corner of his lips.

“In a moment we shall test your mettle,” he whispered. He clamped his warm, gloved hand over hers.

They came upon a man with a tweed cap atop his greasy head slumped at the King’s Bath entrance. He perked up at their approach. Without a word, Lord Nathan slid a handful of coins into the man’s outstretched palm.

“I ‘ad the place opened up, just as you requested, my lord,” the stranger drawled.

Lord Nathan gave the man a friendly pound on the back as he passed into the front room of the King’s Bath. His grip on Iona’s hand tightened. He led her into a dimly lit passageway.

“Have you ever taken a dip in the waters?” he asked.

“Not in a public bath.” She had once dipped her toes in Bath’s sulfuric waters when keeping her mother company at one of the private bathing facilities.

The King’s Bath however was open to all who could pay the fee and the bathers were on display for anyone strolling on the terrace or visiting the Pump Room.

He guided her down a few steps and opened a door. Moonlight poured into the corridor. The fine mist rising off the green waters appeared to glow.

“You don’t expect me to actually step into the water?” Panic fluttered in her belly. “I-I would be dripping when you returned me to my family at the Assembly Rooms. And I would ruin my evening gown.”

He chuckled and then removed the cloak from her shoulders. “I don’t expect you to wear your gown in the water, my lady.”

A scorching blush pricked her cheeks.

“You-you expect me to strip in front of you?”

“It is what any rogue would do.” He proved his words by shrugging out of his evening coat and pulling off his cravat. When he started to unbutton his shirt, she whirled around.

“This isn’t proper.” Her legs suddenly turned watery.

“No, it isn’t,” he agreed. He lightly touched her arm. “Teaching you to be more like me is more than improper, Lady Iona. It is wrong.”

She drew an unsteady breath. Her gaze latched onto the dark waters. Was her freedom waiting for her in the bath’s shadowy depths? Tossing off her dress and diving into the steaming puddle wasn’t something she’d ever dreamed of doing. Perhaps that was the problem in her life.

“Very well,” she said.

He breathed a deep sigh. “I will escort you back to the Assembly Rooms then.”

She spun around. “No.” She grabbed his hand before he could button up his shirt. Her gloved fingers brushed against the hard plain of his broad chest. Touching him so intimately nearly unraveled her resolve.

“I will do as you instruct.”

“You’re not serious.” He peeled her fingers from his hand. “You fail to understand what you seek to learn.” His nimble fingers worked the buttons on his shirt.

She blinked. Had he chosen this task knowing she’d be too shocked to try it? Did he truly believe she lacked the spirit to…to…

Jumping in the King’s Bath in the middle of the night was foolhardy. Her heart pounded as if it was about to burst from her chest. She closed her eyes. Drew a deep breath. Then peeled off her gloves. And with several quick twists and turns, managed to untie her pink ribbons, kick off her slippers and wiggle out of her gown and corset.

“Iona, wait!” he shouted a moment before she charged down the steps into the bath wearing nothing more than a thin linen chemise that hung no lower than her knees and a pair of pink stockings.

The blistering water stung every inch of her body.

She couldn’t remember ever feeling more alive.

Nathan had expected the reserved Lady Iona to blush and stammer in the face of his outrageous suggestion. Not even in his world of fantasies did he expect her to tear off her virginal white gown and…

Heavens above, a deep blush heated his cheeks!

He’d chosen this late-night dip in the bath with full confidence that she would refuse. He wanted her for a wife, not a partner in debauchery. This path she’d set herself on was fraught with danger and ruin—not freedom. He knew the truth of a rogue’s lifestyle only too well.

His plan was to push her into seeing, really seeing, the harm she was asking him to do to her. He’d been confident that he’d chosen a task that would send her rushing back to her delightfully proper life.

That confidence had been bolstered when he’d met her outside the Lower Assembly Rooms. She appeared as pure as a girl fresh out of the schoolroom. She wore a proper white crepe gown that was banded just under her pert breasts with a pale pink satin. Miniature daisies trimmed the sleeves and hem. The pink daisies adorning her blonde hair matched the flowers on her gown and were the same shade as the slippers on her dainty feet.

If he hadn’t known better, he would have taken her for a chit experiencing her first turn on the marriage mart. It was out of the bounds of reality to picture her splashing into the steaming water like an unschooled hoyden.

Lust kicked low in his gut. He watched as she floated on the surface like an exotic water lily. Her icy blonde locks and short white shift glistened in stark contrast to the dark green waters.

The strangely erotic scene struck him as surreal. He rubbed his eyes, losing himself in the sight of how her chemise clung to her delightfully plump breasts. He’d never seen anyone play the part of seductress better. And he doubted she even understood how her display could affect a man.

If anyone else were to happen by and see her displayed thusly, there would be hell to pay.

And ruin.

His reputation was already pitted with so many chinks he doubted it could look any worse. Any member of the ton would merely shake their head, muttering how they would expect no better from the likes of him. But sending her down the very same path he’d taken into hell two years earlier ran cross-purposes to the reason he’d returned to this frightfully dull town in the first place.

His visit to Bath was his first step in his return to society. He had come in humble supplication, hoping to repair his name, not drive the last nail into his own coffin.

Ruin the untouchable Lady Iona, daughter of the highly respected Duke of Newbury, and he’d be lucky if the worst he suffered was lifetime banishment from England.

More likely, he’d be shot.

Why in the devil did she jump into the water in the first place? He had to get her out of that damned bath and back into her family’s care as soon as possible.

“No, don’t thank me. I am only too happy to show you the late-night sights the town has to offer, ma’am,” a young dandy drawled. A group of women tittered with answering giggles. “This here is the famed King’s Bath.”

Nathan’s gaze flew to the terrace that overlooked the bath. Three gentlemen and four ladies were fast approaching the railing. They’d take one glance and it would be all over for him.

Hell and damnation.

Without a whit of hesitation, Nathan dove, fully clothed, into the water.

“Take a deep breath,” he warned Iona and pushed her head under.

She struggled against him. Water bubbled all around him like an angry tempest. Her foot slammed his side with enough force to make him grunt an oath.

“Ho, there,” one of the men in the small group leaned over the railing and called out just as Iona emerged, sputtering for breath, from under the water. “What’s going on down there?”

“Are you trying to murder me?” Iona’s raspy voice was hardly more than a whisper.

“We have company,” Nathan whispered back.

Iona took one look, sucked in a deep breath and dove back under.

“I say,” the man hanging over the railing called out louder this time. “What’s going on down there?”

“Got a little top-heavy from the brandy and tumbled in. Drat my luck,” Nathan shouted back while guiding the twisting and kicking Iona toward the colonnade that covered one side of the bath, doing his earnest best to keep between her and those prying eyes above them.

She fluttered her arms in a flurry each time she started to float to the surface. Thanks to the darkness, she seemed to stay far enough under the water that her white chemise and fair skin remained hidden from view. The daisies that had adorned her hair one by one bobbed up to the surface all around Nathan.

“Do you require assistance?” one of the ladies asked. “There seems to be quite a lot of splashing. I daresay you are not about to drown, are you?”

He wasn’t in any danger of drowning but if he didn’t get Iona up for a breath soon, she would be. He prayed that in her panic she hadn’t swallowed a lungful of water.

“Go on, I beg you. Leave a man to wallow in his foolishness alone,” he shouted.

Thankfully, the steps were only a few feet away and shadowed. Without a backward glance to see if the audience they’d attracted was still watching, he tossed Iona out of the water and onto a stone ledge.

She remained in a motionless heap for a harrowing moment before lifting her head and coughing up a puddle.

He pulled himself out of the bath and found the cloak he’d used to secret her away from the Assembly Rooms. With a quickening breath, he returned to her side and crouched beside her. The poor gel looked miserable. He quickly wrapped the cloak around her sodden chemise.

“Are they gone?” she asked and broke into another fit of coughs.

“I believe so.” He used one corner of the cloak to dab her face dry and then drew her dripping body into his arms. Her heart thrummed like a frightened rabbit’s against his chest.

“Consider ourselves lucky. That group of gadabouts could have spotted you floating around in all your—” He choked on the memory, breaking out into a fit of coughing himself. “All your glory.”

Her glassy blue eyes widened. “Oh my,” she breathed.

“Oh my, indeed,” he answered, feeling suddenly somewhat breathless himself. “You were very brave to hold yourself under the water for such a long time.”

Dark shadows rimmed her unusually bright eyes. The curls, in her once expertly coiffed hair, drooped in hopeless disarray about her face. She dripped worse than a sodden kitten. A frown wrinkled her brows as she chewed her full, lower lip.

She’d never looked more tempting.

Oddly, she’d transformed so many times this evening that it left his head spinning. First she had been all schoolgirl innocence, then she’d tossed off her virginal gown and floated in the water like a siren with the power to seduce a man to his doom.

Yet neither the pure innocent nor wanton seductress appeared as attractive as the soggy Iona he held now in his arms. With all pretensions washed away, she was simply a woman.

An incredibly desirable woman.

And he was a hot-blooded man.

His lips sought hers. The heat growing in the shrinking space between their bodies seeped into his core.

Ah, but those lips weren’t his to take. She was the Duke of Newbury’s daughter, he reminded himself. And she was at her most vulnerable, damp and as close to ruin as he hoped she’d ever be. Still, he couldn’t seem to stop himself from taking a taste.

His lips gently brushed hers. The finest silk couldn’t have felt softer. The sweetest honey couldn’t have tasted sweeter. Even so, he tried to pull away and failed.

She reached out and wound her cool, wet arms around his neck, making it nearly impossible to stop what he’d foolishly started. When her lips parted slightly with a sigh, his conscience lost the battle against his lust. He deepened the kiss, planning to devour her lips like he would a sweet confection.

With agonizing care, he moved. The press of her lips against his sent a spiraling tremor boring deeper and deeper into his essence until every inch of his body throbbed with desire. Their tongues touched just as his roaming hand found the peak of her perfectly rounded breast.

He teased the nipple into a tight nub and lowered her to a stone ledge.

Two years ago, he’d dreamed of kissing her like this. Two years ago, he’d fantasized how she’d move under him. She had utterly charmed him with her quiet grace, a trait his family had claimed he woefully lacked. Her impeccable manners had called to him like an oasis in a desert. Two years ago, he had followed her from Bath to London like a besotted swain, hoping their brief friendship might bloom into something more romantic. Hoping he might finally grasp the one thing he needed to gain his family’s respect.

And then his father intervened…

The Duchess of Newbury had personally visited his apartments to warn Nathan off. “She’s not for you,” he’d been baldly told. He might be the son of a nobleman but his rakish ways had disgraced his family. And she didn’t want the sting of dishonor to touch her dreadfully obedient daughter.

Not for you. The words had sent an icy spike through his heart.

He’d vowed that day to show the ton, and his father, how much disgrace he could heap around his ears. Unfortunately he’d been only too successful.

Now, two years later, Lady Iona lay underneath him, her breath coming fast and short. Her chest rose to meet his hands when he reached out to caress her through her thin linen chemise made nearly transparent by the damp. She was pliable and willing.

It would be so easy to take her, to make her his.

Not for you, the echoing insult taunted.

He pulled away.

Her tongue traced the edge of her dewy lips. Her hips ground against him, inviting him to finish what he’d started. He doubted she knew in her innocence what her body was begging for him to do.

She blinked. “Do you still believe me to be as dull as dishwater and too meek to follow you in your adventures?” Pain laced that question and he found it impossible to stop himself from reaching out and cupping her chin, tilting her head up toward him. He dipped his head and brushed his lips over hers. Tentatively at first, he traced the soft contours of her mouth with his tongue.

Her lips parted with a sigh. Petal-soft, they trembled against his as he nudged her closer until every warm curve of hers was fitted snug against his body.

Yet, despite the desire thrumming through him and the erotic feel of her tongue slipping into his mouth, he was still a gentleman. And she was a woman seeking reassurance, not disgrace and ruin.

This was one prize he didn’t want tarnished by his touch.

Her slender arms draped around his neck and held onto him with an almost desperate grip as he tried to peel away from her.

“Please, please,” she whispered.

He closed his eyes and nearly lost himself as she kissed him with enchanting inexperience. He gave her his mouth while keeping the rest of his body as stiff and still as the statue of Beau Nash in the Pump Room. Though the demons of desire were strong, none could tempt him to take her down with him into his hell. He would not peel away her clothes to find out if the rest of her body tasted as sweet as her mouth.

He could not.

What little honor he had left was far too precious to soil in this way.





Chapter Four

Iona had kissed men before. At three-and-twenty and—according to her mother—apparently on the shelf, Iona believed herself knowledgeable in the subtle games of seduction men and women played. It was the duty of a proper young lady to understand such things so she would be better able to guard her virtue against them, wasn’t it?

Unscrupulous gentlemen would rob a careless maiden of her virtue, if given the opportunity. And according to the whispers in the ton, no gentleman rivaled Lord Nathan Wynter when it came to rakish and unscrupulous behavior. Gracious, and he was living up to his rather scandalous reputation by taking advantage of her damp and nearly naked state and kissing her with a lover’s familiarity.

She wasn’t certain if the erotic things he’d done with his tongue and lips to her mouth could even be called kissing. The way he’d moved his body against her while his lips suckled hers was so very different from anything she had ever experienced that she suddenly felt as unsophisticated as a wide-eyed chit still cosseted in her schoolroom.

While a true gentleman would be inclined to cover her sodden body with a cloak and protect her modesty, Lord Nathan’s roaming fingers had found their way beneath her chemise and had shamelessly teased her nipples. She knew she should feel offended by his actions. In truth, she labored in earnest to conjure up a proper indignant reaction.

And failed.

Excitement along with a mystifying, almost anxious, sense of anticipation raced through her veins. These were new feelings that she wasn’t ready to let come to an end. She reached up and tried to pull him back toward her. Tiny water droplets dripped from his eyelashes like sparkling gems.

“No,” he said, grinding his jaw. “We cannot continue this dangerous game. I should never have brought you into my world in the first place, nor should I have taken advantage of your innocence.”

“I’m suffering no regrets,” she assured him and tugged on his neck. “Come, my lips feel cold without yours upon them.”

He muttered an oath and pulled free from her grasp. With a quick motion, he tucked the dark, heavy cloak around her body, lifted her from the rough stone ledge and set her on her feet in the passageway next to her discarded gown.

He immediately started pacing. “Good Lord, what have I done?” He tugged a hand through his hair. Shadowed and soaked, his blond strands appeared almost black. “This cannot be undone, can it? No, no, of course not.”

Before she realized what he intended, he had taken her hands in his own and pressed them against his chest. “You have no reason to fear for your reputation. I will protect you from the sharp-tongued harpies of this world. Those witches seem to live for nothing more than to latch onto the latest scandal. No matter what happens after tonight, I will shield you from the worst of them.”

She tried to draw her hands away. Whatever could he mean? There was no reason to worry about her reputation. Thanks to his quick thinking, no one had actually seen her taking that exhilarating dip. And even if someone had seen her, the mists rising off the water would surely have obscured her identity.

He’d been right about ending their love-play, however. The last set of the evening would soon commence, if it hadn’t already. And if she didn’t return before the set’s end, her parents would quickly discover her absence and demand she answer a host of difficult questions when she did return. Which wouldn’t do. She simply needed to don her gown and hurry back to the Lower Assembly Rooms.

“Please,” she said and tried again to free her hands from his tight grasp, “we don’t have much time.”

“I will pay a visit to your father this evening,” he said as if he hadn’t heard her. “I can explain the situation in a manner that will preserve your modesty.”

“What are you saying?” She wasn’t daft though. She understood what he was trying to say only too well.

That cursed chivalry to which gentlemen—obviously even the rakish ones—subscribed could not be allowed. She had to put a stop to this right away and get herself put back together before that last set ended.

He stroked her chilly fingers. “I understand you are frightened,” he said far too calmly. He sounded resigned to the course he had set for himself. “But there is no need. I will do whatever is necessary to protect you, even go as far as to insist that your father let us marry.”

“Marry you? No!” With a sharp twist she freed her hands from his grasp and stumbled back away from him, violently shaking her head. “No. No. No. No.”

“This isn’t a death sentence. I vow there are worse things. Salvaging your reputation with marriage can have its benefits.”

Funny, she couldn’t think of one good thing that could possibly result from such a harebrained idea.

“You will not fall on the matrimonial sword for me! Besides you cannot.” Her cousin, Byron Lovington, had already been promised her hand!

“I will be a fair and understanding husband,” he said as if he hadn’t heard her. “Faithful and loving.”

“No! I will not agree. Besides I have no intention of marrying you or anyone else. Ever. Why can’t the blasted men in my life simply accept that? I don’t need some white knight on some blasted steed to rescue me from my spinsterhood.”

“I’m not suggesting you need rescuing, Iona,” he said slowly. Carefully.

She took the cue from him and steadied her voice. “Turn around. I need to strip off my chemise and slip into my gown.” She pushed on his shoulder until he was standing with his back to her. “There isn’t much time.”

Her mind was working in its usual calm, logical fashion by the time she had stepped into the white crepe gown with pink bands and had slid her arms through its sleeves. And, thanks to her ability to think clearly and logically again, she immediately saw the futility of her earlier reasoning. She couldn’t possibly return to the ball without raising quite a few shocked brows.

The fabric on the shoulders of her gown was already growing damp from her sodden hair, which was hanging limply down her back. The elaborate coiffure that had piled her hair on top of her head, threaded with a profusion of delicate pink daisies and a twisting pattern of long, narrow braids, was beyond any hope of repair. And even if it could be repaired, her wet hair would take hours to dry.

Lord Nathan turned around when she huffed. He didn’t say a word, just set about the task of lacing up her gown. Once he was finished he pulled her into his arms and caressed her forehead with a gentle kiss. It was the kind of kiss a friend would give to another. There was no heat or sensuality lingering in the gesture, only comfort. Iona supposed their erotic, heated emotions had drained away once reality had set in.

Well, she supposed she should be happy. She’d been looking for an adventure. And she found it.

She was also looking for a way to escape her marriage to her cousin. It was beginning to look as if she’d found that as well.

If only there was a way to escape this night without having to compel a friend into marriage, especially a friend she’d shamelessly manipulated into taking her on a quest to find excitement within the walls of the King’s Bath.

“Remember when we were helping Evers and the former Miss Sheffers discover for themselves how perfect they were for each other?” he asked, still holding her in a deep, wet hug. “Several times over that summer I doubted they would survive the ordeal. But they did. And they are happier for it.” He stepped back and held her by the shoulders. Bending down a bit, he looked her square in the eye. “We will too.”

“There must be another way.” If only she could think of one. She followed him toward the entrance of the King’s Bath, chewing on the inside of her cheek the entire way. “There simply must be another way.”

The stress of living outside the safe, the known, was giving her a terrible headache. She rubbed her temples, still chewing the inside of her cheek. This situation was impossible, simply impossible. And to top off her misery, her head was beginning to throb with a devil’s vengeance.

That was it! An idea that was so obvious it hit her with the force of a thunderbolt.

She grabbed his arm.

“I have a devil of a megrim,” she happily declared.

“That’s a deuced odd thing to sound happy about.” He patted her hand. “But don’t worry, I’ll get you home soon enough.”

“No,” she said and gave him a shake, “listen to me. I have a megrim. They sometimes come on very suddenly like this one.”

“So?” he asked rather brusquely. He kicked a loose stone with his soggy boot. His patience looked as if it might be running thin.

“So? Don’t you see? I have been known to abruptly leave a party, taking the family carriage home, because of them.”

He raised a brow. “Really?”

“Sometimes without telling but one or two acquaintances I’d chanced to meet on the way to the door.” She gripped her head and rubbed her temples with more force. Her head was beginning to pound while shimmering spots danced in her eyesight. It was looking as if this particular headache was going to quickly bloom into a full-blown, roil-her-stomach migraine.

“Steady.” He caught her when she stumbled on an uneven part of the pavement. “Here, let me help you.” He rubbed his hand vigorously up and down her back. She closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. His strong fingers kneaded her skin. The way he worked the tension from her neck and shoulders felt like magic. A warm tingling spread up her neck, gradually releasing her from much of the migraine’s twinges. She leaned back against his chest and sighed deeply.

“Feeling better?” he asked.

“Mmmmm,” she replied, wishing he would kiss her and caress her in some of those shocking places he’d explored earlier.

He cleared his throat a couple of times before saying, “Then we should go.” He helped her put on the dark cloak.

She groaned when his magical massaging fingers left her neck. But she obediently followed when he stepped around her and led the way through the dark passage and back out to the street.

“I need you to run as fast as you can and deliver a message to the Lower Assembly Rooms for me,” Lord Nathan called to the tweed-capped fellow who had unlocked the gates to the bath for them. He tossed the man a coin. “Tell the Master of Ceremonies that you’ve been given this message a half-hour ago and you only just remembered.”

“Aye, m’lord,” the man said, grinning at his coin. “I’ll be only too ‘appy to oblige, m’lord.”

“Now repeat this exactly as I tell you. Lady Iona, the Duke of Newbury’s daughter, has gone home in her family carriage with a headache. She would like the Master of Ceremonies to inform the Duke of this right away.”

“Newbury, you say, m’lord?” the man said with a tone akin to reverence and took a long hard stare at Iona, his mouth gaping. She lowered the hood on the black cape over her head while stepping back into the shadows.

“You heard me. And there isn’t time to delay,” Lord Nathan said rather crossly.

“No, m’lord.” The man tugged on his tweed cap and took off in a hard run down the carriage-lined York Street.

After making certain the man was running in the right direction, Lord Nathan tossed his evening coat over his shoulders and tugged on his shiny beaver hat until it sat low on his head. Even though he was soggier than Iona, he looked quite the dangerous rogue, which made her long to feel his hands on her body again. Lord, he had touched her shamelessly and in a manner only a rogue would dare, which meant his looks weren’t the least bit deceiving.

“Come along,” he said and rushed her toward his curricle that was waiting for them a few streets away, his boots and her pink stockings sloshing with every step.

The chimes of Bath Abbey began to herald the midnight hour as he lifted her up onto his carriage.

“We must hurry,” he said and climbed up onto the seat behind her. He clicked his tongue and snapped the reins, setting his pair of horses into a hard run.

While he steered his team with an expert hand, he argued with her that she should let him do the right thing. He seemed determined to go with her to the front door and demand an audience with her father. An idea she was adamantly opposed to. She held firm and so, instead of taking Brock Street to the Royal Crescent, he turned and made his way to Crescent Lane, the street that ran along the back property of the townhouses. Rows of long and narrow private gardens, stables and coaching houses lined the way.

Her heart picked up an excited beat as they neared the Newbury residence. It was the only summer home she’d ever really known. Excitement rather than fear bubbled in her gut.

In a few moments, he would help her sneak in the back door. Soon she would be tucked safely in her bed and no one would be the wiser. And wasn’t that, after all, the allure of any adventure?

Danger—whether to her safety, her virtue, or of discovery—was an integral ingredient to the thrill she’d been experiencing. If it had been otherwise, her late-night swim in the King’s Bath wouldn’t have been any more exciting than a stroll through Sydney Gardens.

And it was this surge of danger she definitely wished to experience again—and soon. How and when would she get a chance to taste such a delicious thrill again? She would simply have to convince Lord Nathan that she needed another lesson.

But how?

Her racing heart slammed to an abrupt stop.

She was getting ahead of herself. Before planning any future escapades, she’d have to survive this night first. Iona blinked, unable to believe what she was seeing—or her rotten luck.

Two grooms were guiding her father’s ducal carriage into the rubble-stone coaching house.

“My parents came home early,” she whispered, a lump in her throat.

“So it appears,” Lord Nathan replied.

“Without me…”

The kernel of excitement she’d been relishing flared into a very real throb of panic.

“They returned home without me.” She turned in the seat just as he pulled the curricle to a stop at the gate. “Whatever shall I tell them?”

He heaved a deep sigh before setting the reins on the seat. Stepping over her, he jumped down. His boots sloshed as he landed on the ground. He then reached up to hand her down.

“You will tell them nothing. I shall come inside with you and speak to your father,” he said as his hands settled around her waist, “and do my best to explain.”

“And propose marriage?” she asked, resisting his attempts to help her down from his curricle.

“If necessary… Please, let’s not have this conversation with you shouting down at me. Let me help you to the ground.”

“No,” she said. “I am firm on my decision. I do not agree that you need to offer your hand in marriage over this. Nothing that shocking happened. Besides, despite your reputation, I consider you my friend…and nothing more.”

He winced at the wording but she plodded on. “You are simply a friend who has given me quite a lesson this evening. I’ll not reward you by looping the matrimonial noose around your neck.”

Again, she fended off his attempts to lift her down from his curricle. She’d rather tower over him while having this conversation. He was too tall and too headstrong for her to wage battle on equal footing.

And she hadn’t been shouting. In fact, she never shouted. A forced whisper, a little louder than necessary, was how she’d describe her tone.

“I could run away,” she suggested, lowering her voice even further. “Never return home.”

“Family banishment is never much of an option, Lady Iona.”

“No, I suppose not,” she said and chewed on the inside of her cheek. “You may as well lift me down now.”

Without another word, he lifted her down to the pavement and then led her through the neighboring garden and helped her climb over a small brick wall. Thanks to his keen eye, they made it to the back entrance without attracting any of the servants’ notice.

She supposed she should be pleased that he went along with her charade. She might still be able to pull the wool over her family’s eyes about her evening’s adventure. Yet, the likelihood of her actually doing so was dimming at an alarming speed.

Several lights glowed through the windows of the first floor rooms. Iona tried not to imagine what might be taking place in the parlor or her father’s study, both appeared to be brightly lit. Was her father pacing the study floor? Were his hands locked behind his back in a stance he often took when he wished to hide his emotions? Or was he venting a spurt of anger by upbraiding a hapless servant for some minor infraction?

And her mother, what would she be doing in the midst of this crisis? Iona didn’t have to tax her imagination in order to picture her mother collapsed on the parlor’s settee, howling with tears and on the verge of a full display of histrionics.

Simply imagining the stresses she must be putting her parents through made Iona want to curl up and hide in the nearest rain barrel. But she couldn’t. She was the Duke’s daughter and had been trained to behave accordingly. After bracing herself for the worst, she turned the knob and eased the wooden back door open.

Lord Nathan gave her hand a squeeze. “Don’t worry overmuch. I’ll be by your side throughout.”

That was her biggest worry. She didn’t want him by her side. The only silver lining in this debacle was the slight chance she might so shock her family with her behavior that her father would call off her upcoming engagement with her cousin.

And not give her hand to a different gentleman.

Before Lord Nathan could push his way inside the back foyer of the townhouse, she planted a quick, grateful kiss on his lips that sparked a flock of butterflies fluttering in her stomach and gave his chest a great shove.

“I thank you for everything,” she said in a rush. “You are a dear friend to offer to stand by me but this is my problem and something I must do alone.”

She swung the door closed on his surprised expression and drove the lock’s bolt home.





Chapter Five

Nathan gaped at the door. She’d locked him out. He couldn’t believe it. Despite what most thought of him, he was capable of doing the right and honorable thing. But in order to do that, Lady Iona would have to let him inside the house.

He called her name several times and rattled the door handle. The door was indeed locked. He called her name again, louder this time. He was sure she could hear him. The wooden door didn’t appear to be that heavy.

“Please, just go away,” she whispered rather frantically through the keyhole.

Although a gentleman should abide by a lady’s wishes, this was one gentleman who had no intention of going anywhere. And it was more than simple honor that compelled him to protect her. He knew firsthand the crushing pain an ugly scandal could bring. He knew what it was like to have a mother look straight through him as if he no longer existed. A father who cursed vilely at the mere sight of him, wishing he had never been born. And an older brother who had no right to join in with the rest of his family in turning his back on him.

No matter what, he was determined to shield Iona from suffering any similar anguish from this fool’s outing. He even felt a great desire to soothe her throbbing temples.

The fact that he would win her hand in marriage in a most disgraceful manner, but nonetheless win her hand, was curiously the last thing on his mind.

He raised his fist to bang the door down if need be when the lock’s bolt clicked and the knob turned. The door opened just wide enough for Iona’s younger sister to slide through.

Lady Lillian was dressed in a high-waisted watered silk cream-colored gown with long, tapering sleeves. Her hair, a touch blonder than Lady Iona’s, was styled in a profusion of ringlets and creamy ribbons. She was unquestionably a diamond of the first water. She also had the most unpleasant disposition Nathan had ever encountered.

With a petulant pout, pursing her lips, she tossed her head and set her hands on her hips. “Lord Nathan Wynter,” she said in a withering voice. “What have you done to my sister?”

“I have done nothing to her,” he protested.

“Is that so? And you expect me to believe that my dreadfully proper sister willingly spirited herself away from this evening’s ball in order to spend time, sans chaperon, with a notorious rake like you? I would sooner believe your horse was the Prince Regent!”

“Believe what you wish, my lady,” he said as he tried to skirt around her. “I have no intention of explaining myself to you. That explanation is reserved for the Duke.”

Lillian gave a cry of alarm. She lunged for the door, slamming it closed before he could reach the handle and splayed herself, with her arms spread wide, across the expanse of the door. “Are you dicked in the nob? You will do no such thing!”

“I am quite sane, thank you very much, and you shouldn’t be using such coarse language, Lady Lillian.” He tugged on his soggy waistcoat. A stream of water dripped on the flagstone pavers. “I am doing my duty to your sister. Now step aside.”

“You are making a fuss for no purpose and will cause Iona a great deal more trouble than she has right now if you do not leave immediately.”

From past experience, he had trouble taking Lillian’s sisterly concern seriously. The silly girl was rarely concerned about anything unless it benefited herself in some way. “Stand aside, my lady, or I will move you myself.”

“No! I have the matter well in hand,” she said throwing her arms in the air. “Miss Amelia Harlow, a friend of mine and my summer houseguest, saw Iona leaving the ball with a gentleman—you, I suppose. She came straight to me and I went straight to Mama and told her that Iona went home with a headache.”

“You did?” he could barely believe his—and Iona’s—luck, or Lillian’s seemingly altruistic behavior.

“I’ve spent the last hour keeping my mother and father from sticking their concerned noses into Iona’s bedchamber while Miss Harlow sat at the parlor window and watched for Iona to return home.” She huffed. “You should have fetched her home sooner. I was beginning to worry that my fool sister had gotten herself abducted.”

“And Lady Iona understands that she needn’t confess why she disappeared from the ball?” He wasn’t planning on going anywhere until he was confident that her reputation was indeed safe.

“Of course she does.” Lillian rolled her pretty pale blue eyes. “Miss Harlow was busy explaining all of that to her as she bustled my sister up the back stairs to her bedchamber.”

“Good.” The tight bands of tension pulling on his shoulders loosened considerably. He very properly tipped his beaver hat. “Then I will bid you a good evening, my lady.”

“You still haven’t explained how you pressured Iona into creeping away with you into the Bath night. What manner of blackmail do you hold over her? What power could you possibly wield to sway an avowed prig as my sister to act so uncharacteristically?” she called after him.

Nathan walked away, shaking his head. Lillian was asking the absolute wrong question. What power did he hold over Iona?

Seemingly, very little.

Despite the coil they had gotten themselves into, Iona had remained firm. She’d called him a friend. Nothing more than a friend. And because of their friendship, she’d abjectly refused to let him march through the front door and demand to pay his formal addresses to her father.

Considering how Lillian had neatly covered up Iona’s failure to return to the ball, he was vastly relieved he hadn’t done just that. Doing so would have only further damaged his reputation, a reputation he specifically came to Bath to repair.

How had he gotten himself into such a sticky situation in the first place?

He glanced back at the Newbury townhouse and saw that the lights shining in the first floor windows were in the process of being doused as if this were a normal evening and nothing out of the ordinary had occurred.

Of course nothing out of the ordinary had occurred, except for the Duke’s virginal daughter’s late-night dip in the King’s Bath while dressed in nothing but a white chemise and a pair of pink stockings. He glanced down at his own ruined suit, water still dripping from the hem of his waistcoat, and chuckled. This had been a most uncommon evening. One that nearly ended with a trip to the altar. He couldn’t have set up a situation riper for scandal even if he’d tried.

Perhaps scandal came to him so naturally now that he didn’t have to try anymore.

Instead of listening to his own instincts and sense of honor, he’d let Iona drag him into this madcap scheme and had let her countermand all of his honorable decisions.

Which begged the question, what power did Iona hold over him?

Mere friendship?

Good Lord, no. But if not friendship, then what?

Certainly not love…

* * * *

The next morning, Nathan prowled within his stuffy apartment feeling more and more cramped and uncomfortable with each step. And his ears were fast growing sore from listening to his valet fret and scold, all because Nathan had returned home late last night with his clothes and boots ruined.

He had told his valet to toss the damned garments out. It wasn’t as if he wanted to keep around reminders of having seen a nearly naked Lady Iona. Freddie had insisted he could salvage them. But not apparently without uttering a score of complaints first.

Which was sorely trying Nathan’s patience. Overnight, the weather had turned blaring hot and humid. With all this blasted heat and his sleepless night—thanks to his recalling only too well how perfectly Iona’s plump little breasts fit in the palm of his hands—his first inclination was to escape from these cramped rooms and go to the Pump Room, a popular morning social venue.

Many of the summer residents visited the Pump Room to drink the medicinal sulfur waters that bubbled out of an ornate marble vase, after being pumped in from one of the many hot springs located in and around the town. Others came to promenade within the handsome portico, listen to the musicians set up on the southern side of the room and socialize with friends.

Iona often accompanied her mother and sister to the Pump Room. And Nathan was most anxious to discover how her nerves were faring after last evening’s adventure. Not that it would be proper to approach her, considering how he’d so thoroughly fondled and kissed her. If he were any kind of gentleman, he would do well to stay far, far away from her.

She probably didn’t wish to see him again. He imagined that his plan to suitably frighten her back to her safe, albeit dull, lifestyle might have worked only too well. She was likely cursing his name and vowing to never again traipse off alone with a notorious rake.

But to never see Lady Iona again? A pit of dread sank into his stomach. Never? That wouldn’t suit his plans at all.

If he were going to use a prim and proper marriage to the paragon of grace and propriety to get back into his family’s good books, he would have to woo Iona in a very public and staid manner. So why wasn’t he rushing over to the Pump Room to do just that?

Because of his father, that’s why. The old goad would be marching around the marble interior, barking commands at the attendants while downing six glasses of the sulfur waters, instead of the recommended three, for good measure.

And his father would try to block Nathan’s interest in any respectable lady, fearing that Nathan might sully the Wynter family name yet again.

If Nathan had any hope of winning Iona’s hand and society’s nod of approval, he would be wise to act without his father’s knowledge. Which made visits to the Pump Room quite off-limits. Still, he couldn’t stay in this sweltering heat and listen to his valet’s complaints a moment longer.

“I believe I will take breakfast at Sydney Hotel this morning,” he said abruptly, interrupting Freddie’s grousing mid-sentence. He stopped his pacing, took a peek in the gilded mirror that hung beside the front door and adjusted the Gordian knot of his cravat.

Mercifully, Freddie remained silent long enough to help him don a snug-fitting olive-colored single-breasted frock on over a sky blue-and-white-striped waistcoat. The round little valet then stepped back and inspected his employer with a critical eye before diving back into his complaints, listing the amount of extra work Nathan had caused him, clucking on and on like an underfed hen, his voice trailing after Nathan as he escaped to the street and made his way toward the center of town.

Twenty minutes later, Nathan had settled at a small table that looked out onto the gardens on the ground floor of the Sydney Hotel. He’d finished eating a couple of Sally Lunn’s teacakes and was sipping on a coffee while reading a newspaper when two gentlemen with red-rimmed eyes crowded around his chair.

“You are a wretchedly difficult gent to find, Wynter,” Talbot said and dragged a chair over from another table and sat himself into it without invitation. “We were looking for you for over half the night. The stakes in Goldsmith’s back rooms were running fast and high. We had a smashing time of it, didn’t we, Harlow?”

Harlow, who looked as if he was suffering from a devil of a hangover, grunted.

“And where were you, Wynter? Off burying yourself in a pretty piece of fluff perhaps?” Talbot asked, nudging Nathan in the ribs.

“Nothing so glamorous, I’m afraid. After finishing off that bottle of whiskey yesterday afternoon, I spent the evening in my bed and frightfully alone.”

Harlow, who’d found himself a chair to lower himself into, propped his elbows on the table so he could cradle his head. “We visited your apartments,” he grumbled. “No one was about. Not even your chubby little valet.”

A wolfish gleam lit Talbot’s eyes as he waggled his brows. “Ah, we have caught our friend in a lie, Harlow. If I remember correctly, a Miss Rose Darly has newly arrived in Bath to play the part of Euphrasia in The Grecian Daughter at the Theatre Royal.”

Nathan rolled his eyes. He knew only too well where this conversation was going.

“Doesn’t the young lady hold a soft spot in your heart, Wynter?” Talbot pressed. “The kind that obliges you to pay her a generous monthly stipend? And shower her with pretty baubles?”

“I cannot image what you’re talking about,” Nathan said, gritting his teeth. The last thing he wanted to do was discuss the talented Miss Darly—not while sensual images of Iona were lingering in his mind.

“Come now,” Talbot said. “The lady travels with a young by-blow that bears an uncanny likeness to you.”

Nathan gave a wordless shrug, unable to deny the charge. The young tot did wear the distinctive Wynter stamp on his face.

“Ha, he does admit it!” Harlow crowed. “Let’s discuss tonight.”

“Tonight?” Nathan asked, wondering why the blazes he was now considered a bosom friend to these young pests. He would have chosen a sound beating over getting foxed with them yesterday if he’d known how closely they’d attach themselves to him this morning.

“Yes, tonight,” Talbot said, leaning forward in his chair, that wolfish gleam still firmly intact and brightening his liquor-reddened eyes. “I need your help.”

“We both do,” Harlow added.

Nathan leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms against his chest and frowned. “With what?” he asked, though he already knew he didn’t want anything to do with whatever scheme they were plotting.

“Not what,” Harlow said, “but who.”

“The glacial Lady Iona, to be precise,” Talbot clarified. He sent Harlow a killing glare. “And I am the one who will be taking the first shot at thawing her.”

“We will have an equal shot,” Harlow argued and then groaned. Apparently he’d upset his aching temples with his own voice. His head landed in the cradle of his hands again. “You hold no prior claim, Talbot,” he whispered.

“Lady Iona?” Nathan raised a brow while trying his damnedest to look bored with the conversation when in truth his hands itched to punch something. If anyone was going to thaw Iona, it was going to be him, not Talbot or that whelp Harlow.

Not that she needed any thawing. Because she didn’t.

He’d burned, tossing in his lonely bed all night after being ignited by her inexperienced but all too honest kisses. Her searing passions had licked his body, leaving him aching and as temperamental as a rutting stallion.

“You have to agree, Wynter, that stubborn gel has been a virgin for far too long,” Talbot said, making himself a very tempting target for punching. “It isn’t healthy. Or fair to us men. You said it yourself yesterday, she needs to marry. A beauty the likes of hers shouldn’t be hoarded, except by her husband, of course. What she needs is a thorough seduction.”

“A seduction?” Nathan’s voice grew tighter.

“No one in all of England is more skilled at seducing the ladies than you. At least that is if we are to believe your reputation,” Harlow said.

“We do believe your reputation,” Talbot assured him as if Nathan cared what either man thought of him. “I’ve seen him in action with my own eyes, Harlow. He is quite skilled.”

“And what is it you want from me? Seduce the lady for you?”

“No! Nothing like that,” Talbot said, clearly shocked by such an outrageous idea. “What we need are lessons.”

“Lessons?” First Iona and now Talbot and Harlow? Good God, perhaps he needed to consider opening a school. An institute for the edification of aspiring adventuresses and hopelessly bungling lovers.

As amusing as the idea sounded, it wasn’t going to happen. Not now, not ever.

“No. Now go away.” He grabbed Talbot’s wrist suddenly and gave it a vicious squeeze. “And stay the blazes away from Lady Iona.”

He’d burn in hell before he’d help either man try and seduce his Lady Iona. Especially considering how she was firmly set in his own matrimonial sights.

Talbot, trying to twist away from Nathan’s crushing hold, doggedly offered to pay for such unusual schooling while Harlow pouted. The whole affair was on the verge of tipping over into the ridiculous when Freddie showed up at the table, huffing and wheezing and with a nervous twitch in his eye.

“I beg your pardon, m’lord,” he said as he struggled to catch his breath. His poor out-of-shape valet must have trotted the entire distance. “I don’t mean to disturb your breakfast, m’lord, but this just arrived by messenger. The lad said it was dreadfully urgent.”

Nathan released Talbot’s wrist and snatched the folded foolscap from Freddie’s stubby fingers just as his heart plummeted straight into his stomach. He stared at the flowery handwriting, frightened of what news the letter might give.

The circumstances suddenly felt too similar to that horrible night a little over a year ago when an urgent message had been rushed to him in the widow Sharpes’ bedroom.

His father. Something was wrong with his father.

The old man had overtaxed himself. Nathan should have been more forceful with him, despite his father’s grumbling. He should have been more determined to coddle him, to protect him against growing ill from the exertion of his travels. The Marquess was still weak from his illness and had no business marching about after such a long trip. Nathan should have probably carried the old man into the Royal Crescent townhouse himself.

If something happened to that curmudgeon before Nathan could win his approval, he knew he would never forgive himself.

Fearing the worst, he broke the plain wax seal and devoured the letter’s carefully penned words.

“What is it?” Talbot asked. “Bad news?” He must have read the concern on Nathan’s face, for he dropped his insistent demand to pay for seduction lessons. He leaned over and tried to read the letter. Even young Harlow lifted his head long enough to grimace with concern.

Feeling a little baffled, Nathan quickly folded the letter and stuffed it into his pocket.

Apparently Iona had woken up this morning more resolved than ever to continue her scandalous lessons.

Which made Talbot and Harlow’s abject interests in her only more dangerous. If he were to deny her wishes, she might recklessly rush into either Talbot’s or Harlow’s less than worthy clutches.

“Nothing is wrong,” he said absently as her prettily penned demand waltzed through his head. Meet me this afternoon at precisely three in the grotto to discuss the circumstances of our next lesson. She’d not signed her name but had scrolled an ornate I.

So she wished to meet him at the notorious grotto, did she?

“Are you sure you are well, m’lord?” Freddie asked. “You look flushed.”

“Am I?”

After last night, he convinced himself that she’d not want to see him again. What she wanted from him was madness. It was pure madness that could only lead to scandal, a scandal that would assuredly drive an irreparable wedge between him and his father.

So why, why was he smiling?





Chapter Six

“Ah, poppet, you look lovely today,” the Duke of Newbury said as he strolled into the townhouse’s front foyer. He patted Iona’s golden hair as if she were a favored pet.

Seeing how he had picked her future husband with the same care he would a mate for Matilda, his hunting hound, Iona couldn’t stop herself from wondering if he viewed her as nothing more than an interesting pet. Which wasn’t a charitable thought. It pained her that she’d even think such a thing about her father in the first place.

“And where are you heading off to this afternoon?” he asked.

It was a devilish task to meet his gaze. “I have several baskets I wish to deliver. Mrs. Tuftly is in bed with the ague again. And you know how the widow Pulteney so enjoys my company. I plan to bring her this bouquet of posies.” She pointed to the basket at her feet that was piled with flowers.

None of what she’d said was quite a lie, she assured herself as she settled her wide-brimmed gypsy hat on top of her head. She did intend to deliver the fresh blooms to the ladies she visited regularly and, if time allowed, spend an hour or so sketching the centuries-old statue of Minerva that had recently been unearthed near the King’s Bath before traipsing off to Sydney Gardens.

“You have such a kind heart, my dear. Lovington will be lucky to have you.” He drew a neatly folded piece of foolscap from his pocket and placed it in her hand. “This arrived from him today. He included a short note to you, expressing his pleasure with the match.”

The letter burned in her palm like a glowing firebrand. She quickly set it on a side table. “I will read what he has to say later,” she said and then gave her father a hard look.

There had to be some way she could make her voice heard. Dynastic pairings had gone out of style with powdered wigs and beauty marks. Such marriages were barbaric echoes of the past. They had no place in modern society.

She cleared her throat. “Papa,” she said. Several years’ worth of reading feminist writings spurred her courage. “Must I marry Byron? Can we not sit down and discuss my future? You making this lifetime decision for me seems so hasty.” She gave a deep sigh. Her father had always doted on her, had always praised her for her easy manner. Her years of obedience, of putting others before herself, should account for something. “To be honest, Papa, I do not wish to marry anyone at all. I—”

“We have already had this discussion and I will not have it again.” The glimmer of warmth drained from his eyes. “It appears I have sheltered you too well. You don’t understand the ways of the world.” He cupped her chin. “I’m not trying to punish you, poppet. In time you will understand…you will see how this marriage will be the best thing for this family and for you.”

“But Papa, you must listen to me. I only wish to—”

“No, Iona.” He drew his hand away. “Spend your time resigning yourself to what your future can be instead of chasing a fantasy that will never happen. Promise me you will at least try.”

She couldn’t make that promise for there was no way she would gladly accept marriage to her cousin. Why wouldn’t her father listen? Why couldn’t he accept that she wasn’t going to be his obedient little pet in this?

Her first wild adventure last night only supported what she’d suspected to be true—that her path to happiness was intertwined with her path to independence.

As Mary Wollstonecraft prescribed in her Vindication of the Rights of Woman, Iona was working on becoming her own person. In order to do that, she had to stop letting the men in her life treat her as if she were naught but a child, unable to make her own decisions. She needed to begin thinking for herself. Which made Lord Nathan’s lessons all the more invaluable. He’d broken free from the expectations his family had placed on him. He lived outside society’s constraints and seemed to be blissfully happy.

And she would too.

That is, as soon as she could figure out how to get her family to listen.

“I-I should go,” she said and worried her fingers with the bow on her bonnet instead of giving her vow to obey his wishes. “The ladies are waiting for me.”

She donned her gloves, picked up her basket and was rushing toward the door when her father, a frown furrowing his brows, called out to her. “Is Lillian not accompanying you?”

“No, Papa, Lillian is spending the day with Miss Harlow. But do not worry, I have a maid as a companion.”

In truth, Lillian had not been invited. Her sister was the last person she wished to have come along. No, that wasn’t quite right. Her cousin Byron was the absolute last person in all of England she’d wish to accompany her on this scandalous errand or anywhere else, for that matter.

At three o’clock, Lord Nathan would be waiting for her somewhere near Bath’s secluded mossy grotto. Her heart skipped a beat with anticipation. In that stolen moment when they’d hide in the shadows, plotting their next adventure, his lips might seek hers. Her lips might answer.

Thanks to an overflow of such heated thoughts last night, sleep had eluded her. She’d risen early this morning, feeling more alert, more alive than she’d felt in ages, with her body still tingling from the exquisite way Lord Nathan had stroked and caressed her.

Anticipation spiked through her veins as she plotted how to set up her next lesson, plotting that included her need to slip past Lillian’s notice. Her sister had already blistered her ears for doing something so utterly reckless, something that might tarnish the shiny family name.

“And where would that get me when I am ready to take a husband?” Lillian had scolded first thing that morning. “You must consider the rest of us before you go and do something so rash again.”

Iona had spent a lifetime acting cautiously and fulfilling the desires of others instead of listening to her own heart. She was tired of watching others find their paths to happiness while she dutifully sat with her mother’s friends and sedately sipped her tea.

It was time she did something for herself.

So without a glimmer of hesitation or guilt, she gave her father a curtsy, wished him a pleasant afternoon and rushed out the door with her basket of flowers on her arm and her maid on her heel, toward what she hoped would turn into a delightfully scintillating and scandalous outing.

She felt wondrously wicked.

* * * *

The dainty watch hanging from a pin attached to Iona’s dress read nearly a quarter after three by the time she reached Sydney Gardens. After directing her maid to wait for her on a bench near the front of the gardens, she hurried on her way, hoping Lord Nathan had waited for her.

Thankfully he had, though not precisely where she’d instructed.

She spotted him pacing alongside a flowerbed bursting with pale pink candytufts and golden marigolds in a shady area near the labyrinth. Her heart skipped a beat at the sight of him dressed in a corbeau-colored coat that was so dark the green appeared nearly black and a pair of form-fitting sage green kerseymere pantaloons.

His beaver hat had been discarded on a nearby bench and his dusty blond hair was delightfully mussed from the breeze rustling through the trees.

She hung back and watched him as he strolled with an air of a man without a care in the world. It made her heart ache as she longed for a piece of his languid self-assurance for herself.

He wandered among the plants looking no more dangerous than the tiny black kitten that had sneaked into the cook’s pantry that morning. She couldn’t imagine how anyone could believe he would lure a young lady into ruin. Vicious gossips and lies, there couldn’t be any truth to what she’d heard about him. She refused to listen to a word of what was being said about the playful gentleman she’d learned to trust while the two of them had conspired, shamelessly matchmaking their friends, May Sheffers and Viscount Evers.

A special fondness, one she’d never felt toward any other gentleman, warmed her cheeks as she watched him. Which wouldn’t do.

She wasn’t looking to fall in love. And she certainly didn’t need another man in her life.

Her cousin Byron was one too many already.

A smile graced Lord Nathan’s lips when his gaze met hers.

“You are unforgivably late,” he said, mocking the words she’d used in place of a greeting the previous evening. He didn’t appear to be the least bit upset though. With a flourish generally reserved for royalty, he scooped up his beaver hat and dipped into a deep bow. “Late or otherwise, I am humbled at the sight of you, my lady adventuress.”

His ridiculous feint of gallantry so surprised and pleased Iona that she returned his bow with a playful curtsy of her own. “I would have been here sooner but one of the ladies I regularly visit was feeling worse than usual and wanted me to stay by her bedside while she quizzed me ruthlessly about a rosy glow she seems to think has suddenly appeared in my cheeks.”

Nathan crossed the distance between them. Without warning, he cupped her chin in his large, warm hand and tilted her head up so he could take a better look.

“Hmmm,” he said.

Her eyes fluttered closed as his signature scent of honey and pine thrilled her senses.

“This sharp-eyed lady is correct. There is an extra flush of color this afternoon. I daresay the King’s Bath did wonders for that wan complexion of yours. I recommend you consider taking regular dips though perhaps at a more reasonable hour.”

She pressed her cheek into his hand and sighed like a besotted ninny while her lips trembled, begging for his kisses.

She blinked. He was gazing down on her with a look of satisfaction. A crooked grin graced his lips—lips she had trouble ignoring. She jerked her head away from his seductive touch and stepped back.

“I survived last evening,” she said crisply. “No one, other than my sister and Miss Harlow, knows anything about our secret liaison.”

She whipped open her pagoda parasol and gave it a whirl. “I survived despite that little trick you pulled. I gather you suggested a dip in the King’s Bath hoping I would run away from you with my tail tucked between my legs.” She gave him a hard stare. “But I am not running, Lord Nathan. I have no intention of letting you scare me away so handily.”

“Indeed?” he said and crossed his arms, his arrogantly crooked grin holding firm. “I admit I was a trifle confused by the demanding little note you sent this morning. After having a door slammed in my face last night, I had thought you might never speak to me again, what with your stubborn mind set against men and marriage and all.”

If not for her father’s insistence that she marry her cousin fueling her resolve, she would have probably found herself trembling in her kid boots just now. She was in over her head with Lord Nathan. He wasn’t like the overeager gentlemen who followed her around every blasted tea and soirée for the past six seasons, tripping over their own toes to please her.

Lord Nathan, she was learning, wasn’t nearly as predictable. Something about his manner—perhaps it was the way he seemed only too aware of her every movement—made her wary. And all the more conscious of her own body and how she used it.

Lawks, she’d flown with a moth’s eagerness directly into his flame. She was lucky her wings hadn’t been singed off. If she were acting reasonably, she would be wishing Lord Nathan, with his dangerous reputation, a good day and thanking the stars that she’d survived the previous night with her virtue and reputation intact.

That was what any proper lady would do.

But what had a lifetime of reasonable and dreadfully thought-out decisions gotten her? A betrothal to her cousin and her father’s deaf ear, that’s what.

She mimicked Lord Nathan’s easy stance, crossing her arms over her chest while letting her bold thoughts lend her smile a wicked tilt. “My thoughts on marriage are of no account,” she said with a dismissive wave.

“No?” He raised a brow. “Even the most hardened rogue eventually realizes he must one day settle down, or at the very least, slow down.” He leaned in closer. She could almost feel the heat of him brushing her skin. “What is it about marriage that frightens you?”

His question, or rather the implication that she might be frightened by the more intimate consequences of marriage, caused a shiver of anticipation to prickle her skin and bring a blush to her cheeks.

“Very little frightens me,” she assured him, using her chilliest, haughtiest tone. “I would think last night would have unquestionably proven my courage.”

“I’m not sure whether I’d consider what you did last night a mark of courage or a streak of madness,” he drawled. Mischief sparkled in his blue eyes. “Besides, if you are so courageous, my dove, why do you blanch whenever I speak of marriage?”

“I don’t—” But that was a lie. She did blanch at the thought of marriage, especially marriage to her cousin. “We’re wasting valuable time. No matter how skilled a teacher you are, I would hardly think one lesson adequate for my education. I wish to plot our next session.”

At that, his grin deepened. “And what else, my dear lady, does your daring heart desire from me? More seductive kisses? More sensual caresses?” His voice deepened as he advanced on her. A heated look darkened his celestial blue eyes. “Or are you looking to experience something more permanent?”

She held up her hand and retreated a step. “An adventure,” she said rather breathlessly since he continued to advance, stopping only after his chest was firmly pressed against the palm of her upraised hand. “I-I wish to experience another rogue’s adventure. Nothing more than a simple adventure where my fate is in my own hands.”

She couldn’t help remembering how eager he’d been to protect her last night, vowing how he’d make her his wife, if need be.

His wife! After six seasons of carefully avoiding marriage proposals, she could not fathom how she ended up with landing two in less than a week. She needed to be more careful.

Her gaze strayed to where his chest was still pressed against her hand. They were in the middle of the garden where anyone might wander by, see them and wonder what she was doing with this well-known rake. She sent her gaze tripping over the landscape. No one appeared to be paying much attention.

With a huff, she dragged her hand away. “You were supposed to meet me at the grotto so we could plan my next lesson without any danger of being seen together.”

“As you already know, I do not always do what is expected of me, my lady,” he said and took her hand, placing it firmly on his arm. “In this case, I will not let you lead me into a situation where, if discovered, your virtue will be questioned. We will stroll along the canal with the respectable couples.”

But a stroll along the canal wouldn’t give him any opportunities to steal another kiss. Not that she wanted one…because she didn’t. She only wanted her will to win out, she assured herself as she tried her best to dissuade him. “This is imprudent,” she said. “Have you forgotten? You have been banned from nearly all of polite society. The matrons of the ton believe you to be too dangerous around innocent maids such as myself. It is risky for me to be seen with you like this.”

While she argued, he led the way to the canal walk. His determined tread remained steady.

“A true rogue wouldn’t worry about what others might see or be thinking.” He patted her hand. “Consider this your second lesson.”

“A proper stroll in a garden with an unredeemable rogue? It hardly qualifies as an adventure.”

He stopped in the middle of the path and lowered his head until his lips were so close that his warm breath tickled her neck. Close enough that she suspected he was about to kiss her in front of two couples, a finely dressed lady chasing after a rambunctious tot and an elderly gentleman being pushed toward the hotel in a wicker wheelchair. Iona’s stomach did a little flip.

“Adventures can come in any form, Lady Iona,” his voice brushed up against her ear.

She turned her head toward him and found her lips were nearly touching his. Her breath held fast in her throat as she waited, anticipating how it would feel to have his lips master hers again.

“Shall we plot your next lesson?” he asked and pulled away without giving her so much as a playful peck.

Iona allowed herself to be led and chewed on the inside of her cheek, stewing. What game was he playing? She’d given him a perfect opportunity to steal a kiss and he’d ignored it.

Certainly he wasn’t so dense that he didn’t recognize her invitation. He was supposedly one of the most skilled seducers in England and would know without question when a lady was close to begging for his attentions.

She did want his attentions, didn’t she?

Oh, he was ever so vexing. She ground her jaw as she bit back a frustrated shriek that would have been worthy of one of Lillian’s tantrums.

Yes, she wanted the adventure, the excitement of living her life on her own terms, just as he had said. And if that adventure included a replay of the previous night’s intimacies, then that was what she wanted too.

He seemed to understand and accept the rules of their friendly game. Seemed to understand that she wanted to delve beyond the respectable and experience some more of the shocking things in which he seemed terribly knowledgeable—things no proper lady was supposed to admit to knowing.

So why in blazes wasn’t he playing along?

Lady Iona was in quite a charming temper by the time Nathan had steered her down the steps to the canal walk. Her cheeks were prettier than the delicate honeysuckle and sweet-pea blooms draping over the canal’s bricked embankment. She twirled her royal blue parasol faster and faster.

If only she knew how difficult it had been for him to deny her and himself the pleasure of a brief kiss. He silently groaned. No lady in all of Bath, not even Iona’s younger sister, could hope to rival Iona’s quiet allure as she walked beside him, her tread lightening—in sharp contrast to her prickling temper—until her step was so light she could have waltzed across the lily pads.

She was dressed in a lovely white spencer promenade dress Nathan recognized as being the height of this season’s fashion. The empire waist accentuated her slender curves and the satin-rimmed neckline plunged as daringly as some evening gowns, drawing his gaze to the proud pair of breasts he’d so tenderly cupped in his hands the previous evening.

The slightest tug on her gown and he’d be able to bare them for his pleasure. One small tug and he could put his mouth to suckle them.

And she’d wanted to lead him into the darkened grotto. Foolish girl. If only she knew what kind of a hungry wolf lived inside his head, waiting for a darkened moment.

She’d certainly run away from him as fast as her virginal legs could carry her if she could hear his vastly improper thoughts.

This was the lady he intended to make his wife, he reminded himself, not some doxy he hoped to seduce into his bed for a lurid liaison. He plucked a pale honeysuckle bloom and threaded it in the ribbon of her bonnet. She graced him with a smile, her lips still trembling with frustration.

She’d been expecting a kiss.

It had been a dirty trick to deny her.

But sometimes it was better to leave a lady wanting, to make her work to earn his devotion and loving attentions. Since Iona saw him as nothing more than a friend, a thought that still rankled him, he intended to treat her as just that. A friend.

Watching her struggle to hide her temper, while they strolled as a couple in full view of anyone happening to pass by, was heartening enough to give him hope for their future.

“I have been thinking about your next lesson,” he said as if he were discussing nothing more interesting than the afternoon’s warm weather. “If daring is what you’re seeking, we could take two of Bath’s swiftest horses on a blistering ride across—”

She held up her hand. “You picked our last adventure and, as I already pointed out, designed it specifically so I would refuse.”

Nathan gave a self-depreciating smile and shrugged when she looked up at him expectantly. There was no need to lie. Teaching her to be more like him was still a terrible idea.

She believed she’d find happiness at the end of his gilded trail. He knew firsthand the kinds of ugly beasts waiting for her. Emptiness and despair were no substitute for the love and security a family could provide.

“And where do you suggest I take you?” he asked, though he didn’t really want to know.

“I wish to gamble.”

Was that all?

He let go of the breath he was holding. Although gambling was illegal—outlawed by Beau Nash, the Master of Ceremonies who had transformed the city into a leading resort nearly a hundred years earlier—lively card games could be found in nearly every public room and at many private events. It wasn’t unusual for a married lady to join in a game or two, more often than not losing her pin money to the kind of gentleman who turned ruthless when sitting behind a hand of cards.

Although the cards were played fast and sharp, the stakes were relatively tame compared to the gambling hells in London.

“I believe I could work something out.” He would enlist the aid of some friends to make the game exciting without putting Iona at risk of losing her money or reputation. “The card room at the Upper Assembly Rooms always seems to have space for a new player. Do you know the rules for faro?”

“If I wished to waste my time playing cards at the Upper Assembly Rooms, do you think I would be asking you for help? The players who congregate there are more timid than I am.” She stopped in the middle of the path and placed a hand on his shoulder to steady herself as she rose up on the tips of her toes, leaning in close to him.

“I am looking for a truly dangerous adventure,” she whispered a hairsbreadth from his lips. “I have heard of a place in Bath where I can find it. Goldsmith’s. I believe it is the only gambling establishment in town worth visiting.”

Nathan stepped away from her teasing lips and grabbed her wrist. “You can’t be serious. Goldsmith’s? Are you sure that is the name you have heard?”

How in blazes would a young lady even learn the name of such a notorious establishment? Certainly she didn’t understand what kind of place she was asking to visit.

“I understand there is a back room where the worst sort of cutthroat gambling can be found. A man might be shot outright for winning too many hands. And the ladies who are allowed entrance are not the least bit interested in the action on the tables, nor can they be considered ladies, can they?”

Ah, she did understand what sort of place she was asking him to take her to.

“Do you know the place?” she asked. A spark of innocent excitement shined brightly in her cornflower blue eyes.

“Yes, I know of the blasted place.”

“Good.” She slipped from his grasp and latched onto his arm. “Then you will take me there.”

“I would sooner impale myself with a sword!” he protested.

She gave him a hard look that made him suspect she was determined to attempt to breach the Goldsmith’s establishment and carry out her latest madcap idea with or without his cooperation.

“It cannot be done,” he said. “It would be impossible. Goldsmith’s doesn’t admit ladies…only women of a certain sort. And the establishment certainly would not allow a woman to play cards at any of the tables.”

“Do not speak so loudly,” she said in a very proper, very prim tone. “People will hear you.”

“So what if they hear me? Nothing you can say will convince me to help you with this…this…madness.” He wanted to throw his hands in the air and march away from her. If he could guarantee that she wouldn’t go running to Talbot or Harlow, he might have done just that.

Instead he lowered his voice. “If you dare try and do something so foolish, I will go straight to your father and tell him all about this budding rebellious streak of yours.”

“You wouldn’t—” she breathed.

“Don’t tempt me.”

She tilted her head up so he could clearly see her face. Her determination appeared unwavering. It was almost as if he could watch her calculating thoughts flowing through her clever head.

“Goldsmith’s is not a place a lady needs to visit,” he said, softening his voice. “Believe me, it is not because I believe you lacking in any way. It is not that at all. Most gentlemen are wise enough to stay far away from such a den of thieves.”

“I see,” she said tightly.

He had a feeling she didn’t though. For she appeared to be quite set on this ruinous course.

No doubt, his refusal to help her while threatening to go to her father would only drive her to be more secretive, or worse. He could very well be pushing her into a life-threatening situation.

There were too many unsavory characters roaming Bath’s dark alleyways. Like lone wolves, they lay waiting for a sheep to stray from the safety of the pack. One misstep into the wrong area of town at the wrong time of night and Iona would be swiftly torn to pieces. He’d be left with nothing but the memory of how she’d once shimmered like a siren in the moonlight.

He shuddered at the thought.

He should go straight to the Duke and demand he lock his daughter in a tower. But would a doting father do something so severe based solely on the word of a scoundrel?

He doubted it.

But what else could he do to dissuade her—besides make love to her until she didn’t have any energy left over for mischief? For such a seemingly biddable young lady, Iona was fast turning into one of the most stubborn creatures he’d ever met.

“Very well,” he found himself saying and cursing himself for saying it. What kind of man would bring his future fiancée to such a disreputable establishment? He must have lost his mind, he decided. That was it. Spending time with Iona was driving him straight to Bedlam.

But what else could he do but obey her wishes? “I have a strong suspicion you will hie yourself to Goldsmith’s with or without my help. So—against my better judgment, mind you—I will escort you in this folly. You will not however attempt to interact with any of the so-called gentlemen you might encounter when inside.”

Her cheeks brightened. A smile captured the corners of her heart-shaped mouth. “Oh, thank you, Lord Nathan,” she said and impulsively planted a quick kiss on his cheek. “This will be great fun, you will see. I will have to find a pair of inexpressibles and a man’s coat.” She eyed him critically. “You are much larger than me. Your garments would surely swallow me up.”

Lord, it wasn’t his garments that were about to swallow her up right then and there. He did his best to tamp down a desire to toss her slender body over his shoulder and carry her off to his apartment so he could teach her exactly why young innocents should be wary of rakes and rogues.

Perhaps he could lure her into a secluded spot for a bit—conceivably back to the grotto—so he could cover her with kisses and stroke her until she cried out his name and—

“When and where shall we meet tonight?” Iona asked, breaking into his straying thoughts. “I have plans to attend a musicale but I could fall victim to another megrim, if need be.”

“No, not tonight.” Never, actually. “I need time to make plans. I will send a note.”

“I do not wish to wait long,” she warned and slipped away, leaving him standing alone alongside the canal.

Her hasty departure suddenly dampened his cheerful mood. It felt as if a dark cloud had descended between him and the bright sun.

He’d wanted her to leave, to run back to her family, hadn’t he? Already a few heartbeats into his loneliness, he wasn’t sure. Her antics would eventually lead both of them into ruin.

But for the moment, Nathan couldn’t seem to care.





Chapter Seven

Iona had tried to sketch all afternoon. Yet whenever she touched her graphite point to the page, no matter what lines she drew, they formed the same image. With an angry scribble, she scratched out the laughing eyes that stared up at her from her sketchbook and tried to turn her thoughts to something else.

Anything else.

She pressed her nose to the drawing room window. Was that Lord Nathan riding by on a chestnut-colored horse?

“Why the sudden fascination with the outdoors, Iona?” Lillian asked, glancing up from the letter she was penning.

Amelia, who was seated opposite of Lillian at a small gold and ebony writing table with growling lions at the base of its feet, looked up and smiled.

“Your sister is lovesick,” she offered not unkindly. “Has he truly not tried to contact you since the fancy dress ball?”

“Pish-posh,” Lillian said, “my sister would be foolish to have a real interest in a bounder like Lord Nathan. Have you heard what they are saying about him now?”

“I will not listen to idle gossip, especially not about him,” Iona said, turning her attention to the sketchbook on her lap. “Lord Nathan is a dear friend. And with all due respect, Amelia, I am not lovesick.”

“Of course you aren’t,” Amelia said and returned to write in her diary.

Two letters had arrived for Iona in the morning post. They sat open on the cushion next to her. One was from her dearest friend, the former May Sheffers, now Viscountess Evers. May, once an independent spinster, gushed for several paragraphs over the joys of marriage and pleasures of motherhood. Now over a year into her marriage and few months after the birth of her first son, May’s letters were glowing testaments to the bonds of matrimony—a stark contrast to her original scorn of that singular institution.

Iona sighed. May had also written in her letter that she wouldn’t be able to visit until the end of the summer. Unfortunately Iona needed her friend’s advice now.

She needed it most desperately thanks to the second letter. It was from her cousin, Byron Lovington. Though addressed to her father, Byron had included a few short, very business-like paragraphs to Iona in which he asked her to write to him and describe her wishes for their wedding day.

Her fingers ached with a wicked need to write him back, telling him in very clear language that since she didn’t wish to marry anyone, her only plan for her wedding day was to run as far and fast away from him as possible.

A delightful fantasy…

As delightful as her recent hunt to find herself.

It was depressing to realize that no one else had ever bothered to look. Even her cousin, Lord Lovington, seemed more interested in earning her father’s regard than pursuing hers. Beyond his brief inquiries regarding her wishes for the wedding, he hadn’t expressed any curiosity regarding her views or interests. Or whether she wished to marry him in the first place.

He was like all the others, only enthralled with her family name—not her.

Iona pressed her nose to the window again. Was that Lord Nathan? The gentleman on the chestnut horse had pulled to a halt in front the Marquess of Portfry’s rented townhouse and hadn’t moved. He simply sat there, hesitating a long moment before swinging his leg to the ground.

Why hadn’t he sent for her? It had been nearly three full days since their meeting in the garden. Just yesterday, she’d sent him a note, urging him to write her.

In May’s absence, Nathan was the closest thing she had to a trusted friend. Perhaps she should open up to him and tell him the truth about her cousin. He could offer her some advice. Besides her ears ached for the soothing sound of his voice. Nothing seemed to upset his cheerful nature for long. And she could dearly use a dose of that for herself right now.

Her cousin Byron was due to arrive in Bath in a week’s time. Upon his arrival, their betrothal would be announced.

Soon she’d be tied to a man before ever having much of an opportunity to stretch her wings and test out her newly found independence.

What was keeping Nathan from sending for her?

“Have you heard anything about Lord Nathan from your brother?” Lillian asked Amelia in a voice loud enough for Iona to clearly hear. “Miss Frances Cuthbert told me that she heard from her brother how Lord Nathan has been flirting shamelessly with an actress.” Lillian lowered her voice to a stage whisper. “It is said he spends his nights with her as well.”

It couldn’t be true. Iona pressed her fingers to her lips. He wouldn’t do something like that to her. He was her friend. He wouldn’t betray her by running off to some strumpet’s bed.

“Oh my,” Amelia said. She flicked a worried look in Iona’s direction. “I had not heard. James is overly protective sometimes. He rarely tells me anything important.”

“You should press your brother to share this gossip with you,” Lillian said. “Frances says this actress has a by-blow that is the image of Lord Nathan. I would dearly like to see the child for myself. Wouldn’t you?”

Iona rose from the window seat. The steadying breath she drew shuddered in her chest.

“I understand you don’t approve of Lord Nathan, Lillian.” Iona managed to keep the budding quiver of tears from her voice as she spoke. “I also understand you do not want me to associate with him for fear of what others might think. But know this, the gossip surrounding him is untrue. He has always acted the part of honorable gentleman around me. Confoundingly honorable.”

“You call luring you away from the Lower Assembly Rooms in order to do heaven knows what to you, honorable? You are lucky you still have your—”

“Lillian!” Amelia gasped.

“Reputation,” Lillian finished. “I was only going to say she is lucky she still has her reputation. What? What is the matter, Amelia?”

Amelia had turned white as a sheet. She was covering her mouth with both hands and staring wide-eyed at the parlor door.

Iona’s heart leapt up to her throat as she turned around slowly. It was useless to do otherwise. Sooner or later, she would have to face whoever was standing at the door.

“Mama,” Lillian said and rose from her velvet chair. Smiling benignly, she clasped her hands in front of her chest. “How is Mrs. Buckley? Is her temper as foul as usual? You have returned earlier than usual.”

Their mother compressed her lips tightly together. Surely it was her mother’s dove gray gown overlain with a sleeveless black lace zephyr cloak that made her expression look unduly severe.

“Amelia, Lillian, please finish your correspondences later. I wish to speak with Iona alone.”

The two young ladies rushed to gather up their pens, inks and papers. With their arms full, they scampered quietly from the room. The Duchess’s gaze followed as they disappeared down the hall.

“Please, take a seat,” the Duchess said to Iona. She entered the room and closed the parlor door behind her with a snap.

Iona did as she was bid, perching on the edge of an orange velvet sofa. “I do not wish to marry Byron,” she said before her mother could scold her. “I am not pleased with the match you and Papa have made for me and, dash it all, I believe I am of an age to be making these kinds of important decisions on my own.”

The Duchess’s lips thinned further, nearly disappearing from her face. “Instead of dreaming of marriage, you imagine yourself becoming a sculptress? Oh, do not look so surprised, Iona. I have noticed your growing interests in the arts these past few seasons. Hardly a day goes by that you have not visited some obscure art gallery or perused a thick volume of the great masterpieces, or scribbled in one of your battered sketchbooks.”

With the grace of a queen, the Duchess settled in a lace-covered armchair. The tense silence that filled the room threatened to bring tears to Iona’s eyes. She wished her mother would shout, wail, scream. The Duchess almost never favored stony silences over horridly dramatic displays.

Seeing her do so now was frightening.

“Mama—” Iona started to say.

“I know,” her mother said at the same time. “I know you wish to make a love match. But your father is convinced this marriage will make you happy and I stand by him in his decision.”

“Papa is wrong,” Iona insisted. “Byron is like my brother, I simply cannot picture him being my husband. I do not love him. And honestly, I’m not ready to marry anyone.”

“You and Byron are friends though?” the Duchess asked.

“We have always rubbed together well enough. But I do not love—”

“Love will come later. Remember this always—the strongest relationships are built from a foundation of friendship. It was this way with your father and me. And it will be the same for you.”

Iona bit her lip and looked away. “I cannot imagine being happy with Byron, or with any man. Why can you not understand that?”

“You are unable to imagine your happiness only because you have never loved, my dear.”

Iona refused to accept that answer. She knew she could have more than a safe, proper future with a safe, proper gentleman who showed more passion for his business than for her. If only she knew how to fight for what she wanted out of life. A week was not enough time for her to completely change her personality. She needed more time. And more of Nathan’s lessons.

The rustle of skirts alerted her to her mother’s approach. A soft hand brushed her cheek.

“You are still young, Iona, but well past the age when you could honestly argue that you are not quite old enough to marry. Byron is presently looking for a wife and your father dearly wishes you to fill that role,” the Duchess said softly. She stepped in front of Iona and placed her hands on either side of Iona’s face. “Your father should have been firm with you years ago. Alas, he was not. So brood all you want, Daughter. Spend your days crying within your room. I will not harass you about your actions this week as long as you stay away from Lord Nathan Wynter.”

“You misunderstood Lillian, she—”

The Duchess shook her head sharply. “I do not need Lillian to tell me that you have been spending time with him. Mrs. Buckley saw you kiss the bounder in the middle of Sydney Gardens.”

“Lord Nathan is my friend. What Mrs. Buckley saw was a friendly peck on the cheek,” Iona protested even though she felt her cheeks growing hot.

“Stay away from that rogue,” her mother warned. “He is a danger to young ladies.”

“Those are merely ugly rumors. He is above reproach and—”

“No, Iona, I happen to know from his father that the unpleasant whispers circulating in the tearooms about him are true.”

“That cannot be right,” Iona whispered.

“The Marquess has told me himself how, a good number of years ago, Lord Nathan seduced a young lady, a lady who was barely more than a child herself. A few months later, when it was revealed that she was in a delicate condition and unmarried, thanks to him, the unfortunate lady did what any proper girl in her position would do. She killed herself. Please, believe me when I say this, he is not your friend. He is simply a wolf looking for an opportunity.”

“No…” Tears flooded Iona’s eyes. He was not a wolf. None of what her mother was saying could be true. He was honorable. He would never take advantage of an innocent lady. Nor would he do anything that would hurt her.

If only she could have some time alone with him, to talk with him so she would be able to figure out why such wicked rumors existed in the first place. Once she had a little more information, she could defend him.

He truly needed to send for her, and soon.

* * * *

How could he?

Nathan ground his jaw as he pounded on the front door of the Royal Crescent townhouse. The wooden panels shuddered in their frames. He had been working so damned hard to repair his reputation and regain his father’s respect.

How could his brother be so careless?

Of course Nathan already knew the answer to that question. He didn’t need to come to his father’s home to ask for it. He knew only too well how his brother could do something so utterly thoughtless, so vividly stupid.

Edward was a bounder. A cad. A blackguard.

And selfish…

“The Marquess is presently resting,” Rogers, the family butler, drawled. His long nose wrinkled like an overstuffed sausage as he gave a hearty sniff. “You may as well take yourself off. He will likely remain within his chamber until evening.”

In no mood to be dissuaded, Nathan took hold of Rogers’ shoulders and lifted his father’s snob of a butler, moving him from where he stood blocking the entrance and setting him down in the foyer. He then very carefully straightened the man’s rumpled lapels.

“I am on the hunt for my dolt of an older brother, not my father. And do not give me one of your vacant stares, Rogers. I plan to toss open every damned door in sight until I find him so you might as well tell me where he is hiding.”

“The drawing room would be a prudent place to begin your search, lad,” Rogers grumbled as Nathan started up the stairs, taking the steps two at a time. “I do ask that you strive to keep your voice down. The Marquess is indeed fatigued this afternoon. And having to hear you fight with your brother would stress him fiercely.”

“You won’t hear a word from me,” Nathan vowed. What was a little restraint after the lengths he’d already gone through to protect his father and the cursed Portfry name from his brother’s reckless deeds?

A blinding anger bled into his strangled tone. “Not a blessed word.”

He grabbed the crystal doorknob to the drawing room, the first room at the top of the stairs, and with a crushing grip tossed open the door.

A teacup emblazoned with the Portfry crest, a dragon entwined around a long-stemmed lily, nearly slipped from his sister-in-law’s fingers. A dollop of tea splashed onto her tangerine-colored frock. She swiped at the stain with a crisp handkerchief while serving a killing glare in Nathan’s direction. No warm feelings had ever existed between him and Maryanne. He wasn’t surprised to see that nothing had changed within the past few days.

“Edward,” she said, her voice growing as sharp as a pin, “do something…at least say something.”

The esteemed heir to the Portfry title was standing next to a tray of treats that had been laid out on a side table in the corner of the room. Apparently he’d just stuffed a whole crumpet into his mouth. His cheeks looked as plump as a greedy dormouse’s. With a nod to his wife, Edward cleared his throat and began to chew faster.

Nathan’s mother, the stately Lady Portfry, appeared the least affected by Nathan’s dramatic entrance. She rose from where she’d been sitting next to the front windows on a sky blue settee. A frigid wind sailed straight from her stony gaze into Nathan’s heart.

“Lord Nathan,” she said using a chilled tone generally reserved for unruly servants and shopkeepers, “what manner of idiocy compels you to rush into my drawing room as if you lacked any sort of breeding?”

“Mother.” Nathan gave her a deep bow. “You are looking well today. Please, do not bother to send for a fresh pot of tea or an extra cup,” he said. He knew she would do neither. “I won’t stay long enough to socialize. Edward and I need to have a discussion. In private.”

The hem of Lady Portfry’s bright lemon walking dress snapped to attention as she marched toward her youngest son.

“You will not make trouble in my home or do anything to upset the Marquess,” she said. “Take whatever quarrel you have with my son outside.”

“Of course, Mother,” Nathan said and held onto the lazy smile plastered upon his lips as if his life depended on it. His mother hadn’t allowed him to be her son for many years and yet each time she denied him Nathan still grieved the loss of her love like it had happened yesterday. “If it would not be too much trouble, Edward, I wish to have a civil word with you…outside, if you do not mind.”

“My husband does not wish to speak with you. Go on, tell him, Edward,” Maryanne said before her husband could react. “Tell him how you will not give him any more money. Tell him how he will bankrupt this estate if he continues to run up such extravagant bills, expecting his long-suffering brother to pay them.”

“Indeed?” Nathan raised a brow at that. “Edward, is that what you wish to tell me?”

Edward wiped the crumbs from his chin and stepped forward. “Please, Maryanne, do not be unkind. I always have time for my brother,” he said, grabbing Nathan’s arm with a crushing grip and pulling him toward the door. “We can talk in the back garden, or if you’d wish, I could accompany you to your apartment.”

Nathan held his ground. “Perhaps I should stay and hear more about this money you have spent while nobly trying to protect me from the duns.”

“No—” Edward began and then flashed an angry glance in his wife’s direction. “Maryanne, do not interfere. I have no wish to upset Father.” He gave Nathan’s arm another vicious tug and waved away his mother’s sudden look of concern. “Let us have this discussion elsewhere.”

Since Nathan had only wanted to knock some sense into his brother’s head—not create an ugly scene while doing it—he let Edward lead the way to the gardens at the back of the townhouse.

Stately willow trees shaded the walled space between the townhouse and the brick and timber stables. Nathan chose a spot some distance from the back door and propped his boot on the edge of a stone bench.

“Miss Darly has been in town for several days now,” he said and flicked a piece of lint from his doeskin pantaloons.

“I know,” Edward replied blandly. “I arranged for her to be offered the part of Euphrasia in The Grecian Daughter.”

Nathan knew he shouldn’t be surprised. Still, hearing that his brother had actually sent for the actress baffled him.

“You’re taking her as a mistress again?” Nathan asked, his foot slid off the bench. He started to pace. “She agreed to have you again even after you left her a year and a half ago without so much as a stipend even though you knew she had a child growing in her belly? Your child?”

Edward scowled. “You know I cannot abide continuing relations with a woman who is increasing. The thought of even touching such a woman turns my stomach.”

Nathan felt like he’d just been punched in the gut.

“Good God, are you telling me Maryanne is breeding again?”

Edward had taken up with Miss Rose Darly during Maryanne’s first pregnancy a little over two years ago. Vowing he was in love with the actress, Edward had paid court to her in a very public manner at theatre performances and by squiring her to a variety of soirées while Maryanne rusticated in the country awaiting the birth of their first child.

His success with winning the actress’s regard had won the envy of most of the gentlemen of the ton. Miss Darly was as delicate and lovely as the flower after which she’d been named. Her talents on the stage were also unparalleled. She excelled in the tragic roles, winning the love and admiration of her audiences and stirring men’s chivalrous natures until there wasn’t a gentleman in London who wouldn’t gladly take up the sword for her.

Which was exactly why his brother’s renewed interest in Miss Darly chilled Nathan’s blood.

After Edward left London—leaving behind a brokenhearted, pregnant actress—it had taken a handsome sum of money from Nathan’s own bank account to keep her from entreating some lovelorn swain to ride out to Callaway Abbey and put a bullet through Edward’s thoughtless heart on her behalf.

Nathan had run himself ragged while trying to keep the news of his brother’s cruel treatment of one of London’s beloved actresses from reaching any of the gentlemen’s clubs or ladies’ tearooms. And he hadn’t been able to accomplish the thorny task without further tarnishing his own name in the process.

In the end, everyone assumed Miss Darly’s child was Nathan’s and that Nathan had wooed the beautiful Miss Darly away from his own brother. Only Edward and Miss Darly knew the truth.

“Leave the poor actress alone,” Nathan warned. He’d tie his brother up and stuff him into a carriage heading back to Callaway Abbey before letting Edward put him through such a harrowing experience again. “Her popularity is greater than ever. A host of young gentlemen, all vying for her attentions, have followed her to Bath from London. Let one of them have her.”

“Why should I?” Edward stomped his foot like a spoiled child. “Are you jealous of my ability to attract the cream of the ladies? Is that why you’re trying to dissuade me? Why shouldn’t I take a mistress? Every bloody gentleman in England has a mistress.” Baring his fists, he advanced on Nathan. “I won’t be the only one doing without!”

“Father ruthlessly hammered into our heads that we should rather die than allow a scandal to stain the immaculate Portfry name.” He smacked his brother on the forehead. “How in blazes did that lesson not take?”

Edward stumbled backward, tripping over a tree root. “What in the bloody hell are you talking about?”

“You and mistresses and scandal seem to go hand in hand, that’s what. I’m tired of tidying up your messes for you…and protecting the Portfry name.”

“Is that what has you acting like a prig of a lady with a bee buzzing in her bonnet?” Edward barked a laugh, a deep-bellied, thick laugh that bent him over and had him grabbing his knees. “Such indignation! It sounds ridiculous coming from your lips. Everyone knows you’re the bad seed, Nat.”

“But you know the truth.”

“The truth?” Edward choked a little as he laughed some more, sounding as if he’d just heard the cleverest joke ever conceived. “And who do you fancy yourself to be? The sanctimonious younger brother or the martyred prodigal son? Or…or perhaps both?”

“Neither. Tell me, Brother, are you going to do the reasonable thing and leave Miss Darly alone?”

Edward started to walk away. “You have no right telling me how to live my life. I am the heir to the Portfry title and I am free to do as I please.”

“Very well,” Nathan had to trot in order to catch up to his brother, “perhaps instead of talking about your recklessness with mistresses you can tell me about this missing money from the accounts that Maryanne believes you have been giving me. What’s the truth behind that lie?”

Edward stopped. “Ever since Father’s illness, I have been doing an exemplary job handling the estate accounts. Oh, you may think yourself so clever, having spent your childhood following the estate manager around and asking all those inane questions as if you were in line to inherit the property. It eats at you, doesn’t it? You will never have an estate to call your own and I will.”

It was true. Nathan did harbor an ache, a longing to manage a working estate. Numbers and measures and the day-to-day lives of the common workers had always fascinated him.

“Is it jealousy that makes you think you could manage the lands better than me?”

“Jealousy has nothing to do with my noticing that for the past two years, the income from the estate’s wheat crops has been half of what it should be and that you’re letting the miller charge twice the price he does our neighbors. And the back fields at Holme Crossing fell fallow even though there were willing hands to till them. You need to be more careful. If you’re having trouble, at least rethink my suggestion that you consult with Father or his man-of-affairs regarding—”

“You have no right to question my decisions!”

Nathan shrugged. “If you are covering your losses by telling others you have been paying debts for me, I would merely like to know—”

Edward circled his brother like a hawk closing in on his prey. “You are ever the pleasant fellow, are you not? Gathering friends with that benign smile of yours.”

“And you are dancing around the issue. What is happening to the estate monies, Edward? Since you’re sullying my name, I have every right to know.”

“You have no rights when it comes to this family. Or have you forgotten, you’re not welcome within our ranks anymore.”

Good God, Edward should be grateful for what Nathan had gone through and the sacrifices he’d made. Instead his brother only appeared willing to spew malice.

“I understand only too well my position and how I came to it,” Nathan said, tamping down an urge to beat some sense into his brother.

“I never asked for your interference in my life.” Edward’s cheeks bloomed bright red. “Never wanted your damned—”

“I was protecting our family’s reputation!”

“No!” Edward roared as he stalked back toward the house. “You were doing what you always do. You were trying to steal Father’s love!”





Chapter Eight

If she were indeed holding out for love—as her mother had suggested that afternoon—she wouldn’t be planning a skulk through Bath dressed like this. No, Iona thought to herself, she would be doing something vastly different.

Yet, considering how none of the gentlemen vying for her attentions had ever seen beyond the glitter of her father’s title and wealth, she supposed those swains wouldn’t notice if she were to appear at a tea dressed in these gentlemen’s fineries, sporting a bushy blond mustache.

She peered into her bedchamber’s cheval glass mirror and adjusted the stiff hairs stuck to her upper lip. The thick paste she’d used smelled faintly like gooseberry cake, a dish the family cook liked to bake for special occasions. Smelling it made her stomach growl.

There hadn’t been time for food. The mustache, paste and set of gentlemen’s evening garments had been tucked up in a paper box that had appeared on the family’s back door late that afternoon along with a scrap of foolscap with nothing more written on it than the words eight o’clock.

More thrilling than the most flowery, heart-wrenching love note, those two words promised to fulfill all her desires.

An adventure.

A rogue’s lesson.

And the chance to demand that Nathan explain away those horrid rumors that seemed to follow him everywhere lately.

Not one of these desires suggested she harbored some secret longing to find a man to love her. Her mother had been wrong.

Love would bind her and would trick her into marriage. And marriage would stand in the way of her independence. Without her independence, how in blazes could she hope to pursue her life’s passion—sculpture?

Becoming her cousin’s wife would only lock the door to the gilded cage she’d lived inside all her life. She’d be expected to go from playing the part of dutiful daughter to taking on the role of content and dutiful wife. She’d be forced to tuck away her daring spirit beneath her husband’s title and wealth, to be forever hidden away.

But that was the future. Tonight, she would slip free from the bonds of dependability and caution…with Nathan.

Her parents were out for the evening, dining with friends. Lillian and Miss Amelia Harlow had closeted themselves in the upstairs drawing room where they were steadfastly practicing a duet they planned to sing at the next musicale.

Which left Iona blessedly alone and her mind racing with the delicious possibilities the evening might bring. Would there be danger at Goldsmith’s? She hoped the establishment proved to be worth the trouble. She gave the pantaloons she was wearing a tug. They didn’t seem to fit quite right.

The outfit Nathan had sent over was small enough for a gangly boy. The crisp white shirt, the creamy silk waistcoat and the white muslin cravat hadn’t given her any trouble. But the dark blue form-fitting coat didn’t quite fit Iona’s form. Even though she was tall for a woman, the top of her head barely reached Nathan’s nose, making a boy’s outfit—instead of a man’s—necessary. And still, despite the small size, the clothes looked odd on her. Most likely because she was curvy in many of the places boys weren’t—mainly in the chest area.

With the help of her maid, who’d vowed an oath of silence, Iona had bound her breasts as tightly as possible and stuffed padding in all the appropriate places, including the legs and crotch areas of her black pantaloons, which helped a little.

An old-fashioned wig had been scavenged from the back of her father’s wardrobe. With a mixture she’d concocted from boot polish and tea, she had dyed the wig a burnished brown and then trimmed and combed it as best as she was able to resemble a gentleman’s modern-day style.

“My lady.” Her maid, her wide eyes as jumpy as a rabbit’s, appeared at the bedchamber door and announced, “A carriage has arrived.”

“Thank you, Gracie.” Iona took one last peek in the mirror, adjusted the beaver hat propped precariously on the top of her wig and wiggled her itchy nose.

Heaven’s, she should be sent directly to Bedlam. The men at Goldsmith’s were going to take one look at her and see straight through the disguise. In less than a day’s time, news of her mad attempt to pass herself off as a man would reach every parlor in Bath. It wouldn’t take long before she would turn into the ton’s latest joke and be dubbed as odd as Lady Caroline Lamb.

Lady Caroline, a married lady of considerable wealth, had done the most outrageous things—including wearing men’s clothing—while shamelessly forcing her attentions on that handsome poet, Lord Byron, a few seasons ago. She had so embarrassed her family that they’d banished her to their country estate in Ireland.

Iona’s family split their time between London and Bath, never spending more than a couple of weeks out of the year at the country estate. Being sent away to her father’s country estate would separate her from those she loved the most, her family. Was she really prepared to risk everything in exchange for her freedom?

She adjusted her hat and pinched her lips together, hoping to make herself look more like a man. But no matter how contorted her expression, it was still her own face that stared back at her in the glass.

“Ah well,” she muttered, remembering Nathan’s challenge in the park, “a true rogue wouldn’t give a fig about what her family or society thought of her, or the possible repercussions, no matter how dire.”

“My lady?” Gracie wrung her hands nervously. “Begging your pardon, but if you hope to pass yourself off as a lad, shouldn’t you make your voice a mite deeper?”

“Yes of course, Gracie. I will.” Iona cleared her throat and deepened her voice a full octave. “I mean, I will.”

Gracie shook her head and looked more worried than before. “Please be careful, my lady,” she called as Iona dashed down the stairs and darted out the front door before the rest of the household staff managed to take a close look at her.

A shabbily dressed coachman, with crooked yellowed teeth and great tufts of silver hair growing out of his ears, helped her into a battered old carriage where she settled onto a hard bench. Before she had any time to object, the carriage jerked into motion, leaving her sitting in the dark compartment—alone.

And at the mercy of this hired hack.

She’d never traveled alone before. Men did it all the time she supposed. It was natural, expected even. Being jostled about within such a poorly sprung contraption should be considered a bit of fun. There was no reason to panic.

Even if she had no idea where Nathan could be or why he would send a rather unsavory-looking stranger to deliver her to Goldsmith’s rather than come for her himself, there was absolutely no cause for panic. She simply needed to catch her breath.

No use worrying that someone other than Nathan might have sent the box of men’s clothing along with that cryptic and unsigned note. And there was no reason why her mouth should be turning dry or her stomach should be dancing with butterflies at the thought of spending more time alone with him. He was nothing more than a friend.

Of course she’d never been kissed so thoroughly by any of her other friends. But that was beside the point. It would be wrong to think of him in any other way.

Lillian was mistaken. Nathan was not the kind of gentleman who would trifle with a lady’s affections. And he certainly wasn’t a danger to a lady’s virtue as her mother had suggested.

No matter what others said about him, Iona considered him a very dear and close friend. Who also happened to have the ability to steal her breath with a mere brush of his lips and whose absence had made her absolutely miserable. Well, that certainly shouldn’t be happening.

Although…

Her heart had ached fiercely these past three days while she fretted over his absence. But that shouldn’t mean that she… No, she would not accept it.

She was not falling in love with Lord Nathan.

She simply couldn’t!

The carriage lurched as it came to an abrupt stop. Before she had a chance to untangle her thoughts or straighten her suddenly dislodged beaver hat, the door swung open.

“What a funny-looking fellow you make,” Lord Nathan said, poking his head in the opening. The sparkling gleam in his eyes brightened the gloomy interior. The smile playing on his lips gave her heart a jolt. “Let’s see what we have to work with here.” He gave Iona a thorough look-over, starting from the tips of her toes and following all the way up to the top of her head.

“You don’t set a hat on your head in the same manner as you would a bonnet,” he said and jammed her hat down until the rim banged up against her ears, making them jut out at odd angles. “There,” he said, his smile widening enough to reveal a row of pearly white teeth, “now you look like a proper elf.”

“An elf?” she cried. “What do you mean an elf? I suffered all afternoon, tucking in here and padding there.”

“Oh dear,” he said, putting a hand to his brow, “you had to experience firsthand the torment gentlemen must go through every day in order to present their handsome best for the ladies in our lives.”

Iona rather liked how that sounded. Nathan spending extra time at his toilette, biting his lower lip as he concentrated on getting his cravat to flow with a waterfall’s grace was quite an endearing image. It made her wonder what it would feel like to become one of his beloved garments. To have his fingers lovingly fit her against the hard planes of his body.

His gaze brushed over her again, warming her cheeks. “Tonight, I think an elf is the best you can expect,” he declared. “Your gentle proportions and curvy shape hardly resemble a man’s form.” He took her hand to help her step down from the carriage.

“You shouldn’t treat me as you would a lady,” she reminded him and leapt down to the pavement without his assistance or the use of the steps. She immediately recognized her surroundings. The carriage had deposited her on Cheap Street in the middle of town. A few gentlemen were milling about. No one appeared to be interested in either her or Nathan.

Bolstered by this, she propped her hands on her hips and struck the manly pose she’d been practicing all afternoon. “I am Sir Percival Crumps,” she said, pitching her voice as low as she could manage, and then whispered, “He’s a cousin of mine who never leaves his tiny country shire. No one in Bath should know him personally.”

“Nice to meet you, Sir Percival,” Nathan said and gave her a bruising handshake. “And you only arrived in town this evening?”

“Did I?” She hadn’t thought to come up with a history for Sir Percival.

“You did,” he assured her. He took her shoulders and steered her toward a massive two-story stone building looming up at the corner of the street where a pair of Corinthian columns framed a tall, highly polished oak door. “Perhaps you should let me do all the talking once we are inside. You don’t sound very…um…male.”

She stopped at the edge of the walkway that led up to the building. A vine-enshrouded iron picket fence surrounded the building’s yard. Two menacing stone eagles stood as imposing guards perched above the entrance’s ornate canopy. “So this is Goldsmith’s?” she asked, striving to pitch her voice deeper still.

Two gentlemen with their eyes fixed on the ground brushed past them and hurried up the steps and inside.

“The one and only.” Nathan crossed his arms and looked content enough to stay where they were, standing a few steps away from the gaming hell’s front entrance.

Since he wasn’t in any rush, Iona supposed she didn’t need to be either. “Why did you send a carriage for me? Why didn’t you come for me yourself?” she asked, assuring herself mere curiosity drove her to ask the question. Not some numbing fear of breaching the walls of this very male establishment.

A range of burgundy shades from deep reds to blackish violets spread across the sky as the day gave way to early evening. Nathan leaned against the iron fence and smiled at her.

It was most distracting.

“I sent the carriage—and was kind enough to save you from the rigors of a sedan chair—because you have only just arrived in Bath while I have been here for several weeks and would know well enough that no one hires a carriage to convey them to Goldsmith’s,” he said. His hussar boots shimmered in the waning sunlight. The starched cravat hugging his neck had been tied into an intricate design Iona had never seen before. His shiny hat pitched at a daring angle.

Despite the flawlessness of his garments or the ease with which he wore them, it was the unruly curl of blond hair drooping on his brow that made her heart ache. She returned his smile with a somewhat surprised one of her own.

“You probably shouldn’t smile,” he said softly. “It makes me want to kiss you. Lord knows what it will do to the other men inside.”

She blushed at that and bit the inside of her cheek to squelch the smile that only wanted to grow wider and brighter from his rather shocking compliment.

If she were forced to pick a husband out of all the gentlemen she had ever met, she would undoubtedly choose Nathan. Despite her lifelong expectation of marrying a duke or at least an heir to a dukedom, she found it impossible to imagine spending her life with anyone other than him.

But marriage wasn’t what she wanted for her future, not to Nathan or to anyone else. Ever since her forced engagement to her cousin Byron, her heart had become all the more hardened against the idea of binding herself and her future to a man. Even so, an image of her good-natured Nathan playing silly games with their children danced through her head.

She tugged at her cravat, which suddenly felt as if it were strangling her. “How can you stand to wear this blasted thing around your neck?”

He laughed at that. “You get used to it, lad. Shall we go inside?”

“In a moment.” She did really need to ask him about those horrid rumors.

But what if what Lillian and Mama had said about him was true? A hot flush rose up her chest as she struggled to find the right words.

How did a woman go about asking a man to explain such an intimate matter?

“Mama told me that you once seduced a young lady and ruined her reputation.” Those words, words that had been burning in her head all day, fell out of her mouth before she could think of a proper way to soften them. “And Lillian says you have recently taken a mistress. An actress. Is this true?”

Nathan drew back. “I’m surprised at the content of your family’s conversations. A young unmarried lady shouldn’t have knowledge that such things happen.”

“You forget, Wynter,” she drew her hand down her body clad in a suit coat and trousers, “I am not a lady this evening.”

“Of course,” he said somewhat stiffly, “you are an elf.”

She stomped her boot on the pavement just as a gaggle of young gentlemen passed them, heading straight up to Goldsmith’s large door.

“Are you going to answer my question?” she asked once they were relatively alone again.

“No,” came the short, stubborn answer.

A predatory gleam lit his eyes and his voice hardened. “Do you still wish to visit Goldsmith’s?” he asked. “Or would you rather I accompanied you home…where you belong?”

Iona swallowed down a bothersome lump that had decided to lodge in her throat. Unable to fathom why he would refuse to defend himself against those horrid rumors—unless they were true—she decided not to press him further.

A coward’s escape, she knew, but she truly didn’t want to believe there could be any truth to either of those stories.

He was her Lord Nathan, a safe, reliable friend and the same romantic gentleman who had joined forces with her while playing matchmaker for their friends. He had never ever done anything that would make her fear for her safety.

Of course she really didn’t know him that well, she reminded herself. He could be the devil himself. Except for the few stolen moments at the King’s Bath and the next day at Sydney Gardens, she hadn’t spent much time alone with him. And he hadn’t exactly acted the part of perfect gentleman either time…

With that not so comforting thought making its home in her head, Iona straightened her spine and reminded herself she was in search of another adventure, not a husband. With an extra swagger in her step, she marched toward the imposing Goldsmith’s entrance.

After a moment, Nathan followed, his gaze remaining fixed on her backside. “Not a man at all,” she heard him grumble, “but one damned sensual elf.”





Chapter Nine

This was not how Nathan had pictured escorting Iona to their first public appearance. He’d much rather be taking her to a respectable event such as one of Mrs. Poizzi’s concerts, they were lively affairs given that no one ever knew what the dear old woman or her Italian singer husband would do. Or perhaps accompany her and her family to an afternoon tea at Madame d’Arblay’s where he could introduce Iona as his fiancée. Instead he was bringing his future wife into a den of thieves. If his father were to discover his reckless behavior, Nathan would be forever banned from the Portfry household. If Iona’s father were to discover how he’d been helping his precious daughter in her crazy scheme, Nathan would be shot—if he were lucky.

Despite the danger to his body and his future with his family, he couldn’t seem to deny Iona. The spark of life that sprang to her eyes in face of this grand adventure of hers was enough to melt his cynical heart. And the sight of the rest of her—dressed in those men’s clothes—was doing a hell of a job of burning the rest of his body into cinders.

His gaze raked over her slender form. Her hips, dammit, swayed at a slow, seductive pace. Those pantaloons he’d sent over outlined every delicious curve. Even though she was dressed as a man and wearing that ridiculous wig and mustache, he had to fight like the devil against an urge to drag her into one of Goldsmith’s private rooms and crush her supple body against his. He’d taste her and tease her until she was begging for completion.

But no, she was the pristine Lady Iona, daughter of a duke who deserved to be treated better than a Cyprian.

“Wynter!”

Not in the mood for any more disasters, Nathan ignored the man calling his name.

He’d only just extracted Iona from a buxom, gap-toothed Cyprian who had pounced upon them shortly after they’d given their hats and gloves over to the attendant at the door. The woman, dressed in a flimsy low-cut gown, had tossed her fleshy arm over Iona’s shoulder in an overly friendly manner and offered to teach Iona the secrets of giving a woman pleasure.

While Nathan had nearly burst into flames from embarrassment, Iona had simply tilted her head and politely thanked the woman but declined. She peeled the Cyprian’s arms from her person and presented her, with the most heart-wrenching innocence, with the address of a school that educated the demimonde in various respectable professions.

Which was possibly the worst thing she could have done. The less than grateful Cyprian turned all shades of red and, with her hand propped on her scantily clad hip, launched into a string of ear-singeing profanities.

He had rushed Iona away from the woman’s fuming clutches. They had just passed the overstuffed crimson-and-ebony-striped sofas that filled the front sitting area as if this were an ordinary gentlemen’s club, when he was distracted once again by the shapely thighs Iona’s form-fitting pantaloons were displaying only too vividly. His mind then got all twisted up in imagining how easily he could slide those pantaloons down her slender hips.

“Wynter!”

Damnation! Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted Talbot and Harlow marching across the room toward him. Harlow waved his gold-capped cane in the air.

“Wynter!”

Harlow bounded toward him with a newly whelped pup’s eagerness. Nathan fought an urge to dart behind a post.

“Ho there!” Talbot called. “We were beginning to think we wouldn’t see you emerge from Miss Darly’s bedchamber until summer’s end.”

“You are mistaken about my whereabouts,” Nathan said. He shot a quick glance in Iona’s direction. Why in blazes had he thought this evening at Goldsmith’s was going to be anything but one disaster after another? “I have been busy dealing with a family matter.”

“Did you hear what he just said?” Harlow asked Talbot, nudging him in the ribs with his elbow. “I think we have caught our friend in yet another lie.”

Nathan gritted his teeth. This wasn’t what he needed. Truth be told, he had rather hoped the bothersome pair had lost enough blunt at Goldsmith’s already this week and would be searching for their amusements elsewhere.

He certainly didn’t need anyone, especially not either of those two, adding fuel to Iona’s curiosities regarding his debauched behaviors. Her blue eyes sparkled with a sapphire’s brilliance as she craned forward, only too eager to listen to whatever nonsense might spill out of Talbot or Harlow’s mouths.

“Breaks my heart, it does, to see a man denying what has to be a most wondrous tumble in a lady’s bed,” Harlow said as he swung around a golden-handled cane as if it were a baton.

“Believe what you like. It doesn’t change the truth. I’ve not been seen for the past couple of days because I was busy tending to a family matter,” Nathan insisted.

Harlow pounded the richly hued Aubusson rug under their feet with the tip of his cane. “A family matter with the actress and his by-blow, I’d say,” he drawled with a chuckle. “Say, Wynter, who is the young lad you seem to be trying to hide behind you?” He sidestepped Nathan to take a closer look.

Undaunted, Iona jutted out her chin, which only made her look more elf-like, and struck a languid pose with one booted foot crossed over the other. Without a moment’s hesitation, she sucked in her plump lower lip and scowled back at Harlow.

“Queer-looking fellow,” Harlow said with a snort. “Is he wearing a wig?”

“Don’t matter what he looks like as long as he has a fat purse,” Talbot said. “You do have a fat purse, don’t you, lad?”

Harlow poked Iona’s arm with the end of his cane as if she were some caged carnival curiosity to be teased. “Does he have a name?”

“Sir Percival,” Nathan said. He grabbed hold of Harlow’s cane before he could jab Iona with it again. “Please allow me to introduce my less than refined acquaintances, Lord Grainger Talbot and Mr. James Harlow.” He turned to Iona and gave her a wink. “Sir Percival Crumps arrived in Bath not more than an hour ago. Came in from Northumberland in fact. We only just met outside.”

“Ah, good thinking, Wynter.” Harlow leaned in close to Nathan and said under his breath, “Bringing us a fresh plaything. Pockets that deep, eh?”

“Shut up, Harlow,” Nathan said and pushed the whiskey-breathed fop away.

“And what brings you to Bath, Crumps?” Talbot swooped in on Iona like a starving tomcat stalking a helpless field mouse. “The Bath season will not start for several months yet. Only a few foolish souls still come to take the waters for summer holiday.”

“He is accompanying—” Nathan began.

“Does the odd little fellow not have a tongue, Wynter?” Harlow demanded.

“Yes, Wynter, stop playing mother hen. Let the lad speak for himself,” Talbot said.

Two pairs of expectant gazes pressed down on Iona who remained silent. For a moment Nathan thought she must have lost her nerve. He was about to come to her rescue when she drew in a deep breath.

“I accompanied—” she said in her regular, very feminine voice. Nathan stomped on her foot.

She rubbed her toe and hopped on one leg while glaring at him with a frighteningly feminine pout. He raised his brows and stared back. Her eyes widened. Stroking her bushy mustache, she coughed and cleared her throat. “I accompanied my mother,” she said in a deep, husky tone that sounded too velvety to be masculine. “She suffers from terrible pains in the joints and her doctors prescribed the Bath waters.”

“Ah…” Talbot said, furrowing his brows deeply.

“That is all well and good, but do you have enough blunt to make the evening interesting?” Harlow asked as he leaned heavily on Iona’s arm. “I suffered a run of bad luck two evenings ago and was left with pockets to let.”

“Poor fellow,” she said in her velvety deep voice. A sly smile snuck on to her damnably kissable lips and Nathan dearly wished it hadn’t. She looked much more female than male. Even with that ridiculous mustache pasted to her upper lip, he couldn’t fathom how anyone could mistake her for a lad, or an elf. “I believe you’d consider my pockets to be sufficiently loaded.”

“Then what are we waiting for?” Harlow asked. He waved his cane in broad arc, pointing out the darkened back rooms of the less than proper club. “The tables in the back are waiting.”

“What’s your game, Crumps?” Talbot asked.

“Piquet,” Iona answered much too readily.

When she started to swagger after the two reckless fops, Nathan grabbed her arm. “I thought you said you were only going to take a look around the tables tonight. Not play.”

“I changed my mind.” Iona’s husky voice traveled down his body like a silky caress. Egad, dealing with her while she was dressed in such revealing garments was surely going to unhinge him. “What harm can come from my playing a hand or two of piquet?”

“A prodigious attitude! It is a harmless game, is it not?” Talbot said. He looked ready to lead her toward the back stairs that went up to the first floor where the roughest, highest stake games took place. “There is nearly always a willing player to be found in the upper stories.”

“No!” Nathan protested. “The lad isn’t ready for those sharks.”

“Let him make his own decisions, Wynter,” Harlow said. “And leave us to have our fun. You have done nothing lately but ruin our fine ideas.”

“Fine ideas? What fine—” Nathan started to say.

“Which reminds me, Wynter.” Harlow couldn’t seem to keep his unfettered mouth shut. “I have a bone to pick with you. What happened with those lessons you promised? You gave your word you’d help us seduce Lady Iona and yet you’ve done nothing. When in blazes are you going to begin? I paid court to that silly wench all week, showering her with flowers, attending an endless string of inane soirées and parties and have nothing to show for my efforts. The frigid little creature doesn’t appear the least bit interested.”

“I never promised you anything,” Nathan protested. It was too late though.

Iona suddenly turned as slippery as an eel. She deftly twisted out of his hold and whirled around on her heel until her face was a whisper from Nathan’s. Her nose wrinkled in concert with a petite sneer.

Which was an adorable sight. Despite how her fists were propped on her shapely hips in a manner frighteningly similar to the Cyprian’s angry stance a moment ago, Nathan couldn’t imagine ever witnessing a more alluring or feminine posture. He licked his dry lips.

“Seduction lessons?” she said slowly, dangerously. “Lessons so you can seduce this unfortunate lady to do what?”

“Why? So she will do whatever I wish her to do,” Harlow answered. His expression darkened. “What business is it of yours?”

“Perhaps I am a defender of the so-called weaker sex,” she said advancing on him. “Perhaps I cannot stand to see a lady discussed in such a coarse manner. Calling her a wench indeed!”

Talbot broke out into a hearty laugh.

“And where in blazes in Northumberland are the gentlemen such high-sticklers?” Harlow jabbed Iona in the chest with his cane.

“I have to agree with Crumps, Harlow,” Nathan said. He placed himself so Iona was safely behind him again. Young Harlow had a nasty habit of picking fights. From what Nathan had seen in the past week, the whelp seemed to relish bashing heads with his fists and sometimes with that blasted cane he’d recently started carrying.

Nathan supposed his own head had been equally as hot when he was in his early twenties. At four-and-thirty, memories of his wild youth felt as distant as a hazy dream. “You are acting uncommonly vulgar tonight.”

“Leave off!” Harlow gave Nathan an unfriendly shove that accomplished nothing other than upsetting his own balance.

Several of the gentlemen in the club chuckled as they closed ranks around the unhappy quartet. Money exchanged hands at lightning speed. No doubt wagers were being made as the gentlemen tried to predict the outcome of this confrontation.

Which was a waste of good money in Nathan’s estimation. With Iona, nothing could ever be predicted.

“You promised to teach Mr. Harlow how to seduce me…um…the me…missish Lady Iona?” she scolded Nathan and managed to step into Harlow’s path again. This time, with her back to Harlow, she’d put herself in a frighteningly vulnerable position. “Tell me, Wynter. What is the meaning of this?”

“Yes, Wynter, whatever were you thinking?” Talbot said, still laughing. “Zounds, I am appalled by your disregard of a lady’s sensibilities.”

“Thank you, Lord Grainger,” Iona said using a royally charged tone that, although it sounded quite sedate on the surface, could make even the worst she-dragons cringe.

“I would never—” Nathan started. To think that she would believe he would purposefully help another man to make a play for her heart. She couldn’t be more wrong.

“Duck!” Talbot shouted as Harlow swung his cane at the back of Iona’s head.

Before Iona could react, Talbot lifted her out of harm’s way while Nathan deflected Harlow’s wildly arcing cane with one fist and planted a facer on the upstart’s chin with the other.

Harlow collapsed into Nathan’s arms. A cheer rose from the crowd and money was again exchanged.

“Talbot, please see that this young numskull finds his way home.” When no one moved to help him, Nathan glanced behind him.

“Talbot?”

Neither Talbot nor Iona—disguised as an adorable elf—were anywhere in sight.

* * * *

Gracious, things were getting a mite out of hand. All Iona had wanted was a little adventure. Not to fill her ears with coarse language or become embroiled in a round of fisticuffs.

At least she now understood why Mr. Harlow had been acting like such an attentive brother to Amelia this past week. Using his sister to get close to her while thoughts of seduction polluted his mind, the nerve of the bounder! She’d certainly have a few choice words waiting for him the next time he offered to fetch her a cup of punch or inquired if she’d like to walk among some garden path with him.

Were all men scoundrels?

Iona was beginning to wonder.

Brimming with a healthy dose of seething anger, she followed Lord Grainger through the growing crowd as he rushed toward the back rooms of Goldsmith’s.

She didn’t need Nathan’s help. She could make her own adventures without him.

A sob caught in her throat. Picturing him in bed with that harlot of an actress or him discussing methods of her seduction with the likes of Mr. Harlow fed a deep pain in her chest that had nothing to do with the tight bindings she wore.

He’d denied both charges but had done so with such a casual shrug and self-depreciating grin that she’d have to have fluff for brains to believe him.

She supposed her mother and sister had been right all along. The bounder was naught but a cad. Tears sprang to her eyes. Why would Lord Grainger and Mr. Harlow say such things if they weren’t true?

Blinking furiously, she cast a glance over her shoulder. The dim lighting in the room created long swaths of shadows and did nothing to chase away the midnight darkness from the room’s far corners. Even so, she searched, hoping to catch sight of Nathan’s unmistakable silhouette emerging from the crowd, dearly wishing he would come chasing after her.

“Where is he?” she grumbled. “Shouldn’t we wait for Lord Nathan?”

“I think Wynter has his hands full enough as it is,” Lord Grainger said. He had a firm grip on her wrist. “He doesn’t need to be worrying after you as well…um…Crumps.”

No, she supposed not. Still, she couldn’t help the way her heart hurt as she let Lord Grainger lead her toward the back door.

“Where are you taking me?” she asked him, striving to keep her quivery voice as low and manly as possible.

“Where you do think?” His grip tightened around her wrist. “You have no business in here…Crumps.” A dangerous look flashed in his eyes.

It was the same hungry look that had darkened Nathan’s gaze a moment before he’d kissed her at the King’s Bath. With Nathan, the heat and expectation she’d seen in his eyes had excited her. Seeing it on Lord Grainger only made her insides quiver with fear.

“I’m taking you home,” he said, giving her a tug toward the back door.

Whose home? Mr. Harlow had said that both he and Lord Grainger were interested in seducing away her innocence. She couldn’t take the chance that he’d seen through her disguise.

“Oh dear.” She pulled away from him and darted up a narrow staircase.

“Wait!” His heavy footsteps pounded on the steps behind her. His grasping hand caught on her sleeve just as she reached the narrow room upstairs. Before he could drag her back to his side, she flung herself into the nearest empty chair at one of the upstairs gaming tables.

A handsome gentleman with dark hair, a narrow, pointy nose and dressed in a natty suit cut from a velvety dark cloth leaned forward in his chair. The small lamp hanging above him illuminated the sly expression that curled on his slender lips.

“Don’t fight me on this.” Lord Grainger gave her arm a nasty tug that nearly flung her out of the chair and to the ground. “Whether you want to or not, you’re coming with me.”

“No. I will not go anywhere with you.” She’d fight him before letting him drag her helpless into the dark alleyway that ran behind this shady establishment.

“Please, you can’t stay here, Lady—” Lord Grainger’s voice rose.

“My pockets are filled with money and I haven’t yet had the chance to play even one hand of cards,” Iona said quickly. She wasn’t about to let Lord Grainger expose her and ruin everything. And following him out into the bleak night was out of the question. She planned to remain seated at this table and to play cards until Nathan came looking for her.

At least she hoped Nathan would eventually come looking for her.

Oh dear, what if he didn’t?

The gentleman sitting across from her perked up at her mention of money.

“Splendid,” he purred. His all too alert gaze raked over her and settled on her lower arm where Lord Grainger stubbornly was holding on to her.

“Get away from here, you young pup.” Her tablemate slapped the back of Lord Grainger’s hand. “Come back when you have a couple of coins to rub together.”

The gentleman’s hard gaze locked on Lord Grainger as he rose halfway out of his chair. “Move your hand from the lad’s arm before I cut it off.”

Iona muttered a small prayer that Lord Grainger would do whatever this gentleman said. She didn’t want another fight to break out because of her.

With a growled warning, Lord Grainger backed off.

The broad smile returned to the bristly face of the man sitting across from her. “A fresh face. Haven’t seen one of those in our ranks in ages.” He puffed on the cheroot trapped between his teeth, sending a cloud of smoke curling about Iona’s face.

She coughed and tried to wave away the fumes. A futile task if there ever was one. Heavy tobacco and cheroot smoke clogged the room’s cramped stale air.

“Sirrah,” she said when, with an evil gleam in his eye, he puffed on his cheroot and sent the white cloud spiraling into her face again, “desist sending that horrid smoke in my direction.”

He stubbed out the cheroot into a filthy crystal ashtray and eased forward until his body was nearly sprawled across the table. The tip of his nose was inches from her face. The sharp scent of alcohol hung heavily on his breath. “You ain’t a man,” he whispered, sounding somewhat shocked.

“I cannot imagine what you are talking about, sir.” She looked around, hoping beyond hope that Nathan would soon come looking for her. Instead she discovered that Lord Grainger had all but abandoned her too. He appeared to be absorbed in an intense conversation with a man sheathed in shadows a few tables away.

“No matter.” The man took up a deck of cards and settled back into his chair. “I’ll take your blunt as readily as a bloke’s. Makes no difference to me.” His graceful long fingers shuffled the deck with a magician’s skill. “I’m assuming you know the rules of piquet.”

When he tossed two cards in her direction she dropped her hand over them and gave him a hard glare. “I believe high card determines the dealer.”

He lowered the cards on the table and gave a shallow nod. “Ah, you are correct,” he said and slid the deck over to her. “You may draw first.”

Keeping her eyes fixed on his shifty gaze, Iona was about to flip over the top card on the deck when his hand crashed down on top of hers. “Let’s see some money on the table first.”

It took a basketful of courage for her to stay planted in her chair and draw out the ten pounds, six pence she had stuffed in her pocket. With much hesitation she placed her small fortune on the table.

It was all the money she had left from her quarterly allowance. If she were to lose it she wasn’t sure what she would do. Unlike her sisters, she’d never spent carelessly or had cause to go to her father with her hand out for charity.

And yet if she were to lose this money she’d be forced to plead her case and beg her father to pay the entrance fee for the upcoming gala in Sydney Gardens, celebrating Napoleon’s recent defeat at Waterloo. The gala promised to be quite a spectacle with troop reviews, marching bands and what promised to be the grandest of fireworks displays.

She shouldn’t take such a risk on a single game.

But if she were able to double what was left of her pin money, she’d be able to prove that she could, on some level, take care of herself.

“I have nothing to worry about,” she whispered.

“What did you say, ma’am?” he asked while he eyed her quite remarkable pile of banknotes and coins.

“I said, sir, I have nothing to worry about,” she replied with renewed confidence ringing in her voice. The game of piquet came naturally to her. Only rarely did she lose a set. Papa often said rather proudly that his little poppet had an uncommon cunning when it came to cards.

There was truly nothing to worry about.

“Whatever you say,” he said and tapped the deck. “You have first draw.”

Iona turned over the top card and was pleased to see the king of spades staring up at her. Only an ace could beat that.

The man’s grin never wavered. In fact he barely glanced down at her card before flipping over the next in the deck.

A sickly dread flooded her gut. What rotten luck.

He’d drawn the ace of hearts and won the deal.

“Now then,” he said as he resumed dealing the cards, “let’s not delay any longer in my winning that paltry sum of yours.”

His confidence, seemingly carved from marble, proved disconcerting. Iona frowned as she watched him deal, his gaze locked on hers. The swiftness of his fingers made her think of shiny-cloaked magicians and country fairs where sleight-of-hand was used to deceive.

She inched her chair closer to the table and watched his movements more carefully.

He started talking about the weather—dreadfully hot, did she not think?—local politics—never will Bath see the heights that Beau Nash once brought to this fair city—and the Lansdown races—a fine filly if ever there was one.

She did her best to ignore his persistent gabbing and the utter nonsense his gravelly singsong voice wheedled into her thoughts. Instead she focused all her attention on his fingers.

Something about the way he was dealing the cards was wrong.

“Sir!” She leapt out of her chair when finally she saw it clearly. “You are dealing your hand from the bottom of the deck. Why, you are nothing but a swindling card monger!”

Silence blanketed the room.

A heavy sigh filled her ears in the long moment that followed. He sucked in another breath and slowly turned his head up until he was staring down his frighteningly narrow nose at her. His black gaze looked dead, lifeless and just about as hard as the stone eagles threatening the front entranceway.

“What did you say?” His lips barely moved as he spoke.

“I saw you cheating me,” she declared, still feeling rather shocked that he would dare do such a thing.

“You’re calling me a double dealer?” he growled.

What was left of the cards in the deck dropped from his hand and scattered on the table. He rose from his chair until he was towering over her by several feet. The amber light above the table flickered fire into his eyes.

“I speak only the truth, sir,” she answered before realizing what an irrevocable gauntlet she had tossed down at his feet. In front of a crowded room she had challenged this man’s honor. And while she might have escaped unscathed if dressed as a lady, the gangly young upstart she resembled was surely due a thorough beating.

Things were spinning out of control. But really, she knew what she’d seen. He had tried to cheat her. She was merely trying to protect her pin money.

Oh, why hadn’t she listened to Nathan and agreed to stay away from the gaming tables in the first place?

Thinking her best option would be to disappear from the room as soon as possible, she reached out to retrieve her pile of money and—

A knife appeared in the man’s nimble grasp. Its long jagged blade sliced between her fingers and through the paper money clutched in her hand.





Chapter Ten

The sharp blade bit into Iona’s skin as it ripped her money from her clutches. She cried out and cradled her stinging hand to her chest.

“Hand that back, sir,” she hissed in a panic. He stuffed what was left of her monthly allowance into his coat pocket. “This is vastly unfair. You cheated me. You have no right to my money.”

Like a flash of lightning, he moved. He grabbed her and pinned her hand to the table. His sharp knife poised to cut into the knuckle of her forefinger. “If you’re not careful, I’ll chop off your pretty finger.” He gave her arm a powerful jolt, sending her sprawling across the table toward him. Her nose nearly banged up against his. His sharp breath curled around her face like a hot storm as he murmured in her ear, “Or perhaps you can convince me to save that finger by trading it for your body. One night. My bedroom. What do you say, my lady?”

Her heart was pounding in her throat. He-he wanted to use her like some common Cyprian? And if she refused, he was going to chop off her finger?

“No.” She tried to jerk away from him but he held on to her hand as if it had been caught in some terrible vise. “Please, no.”

He chuckled and released her, sending her stumbling backward. Her chair toppled over with a great crash.

A roar of laughter rose in that shadowy, smoke-laden room. She spun around in search for a friendly face, an ally who might help untangle her from this nightmare. What she found was a group of men, keeping to the shadows, watching her with the same interest they’d a theatrical production. Several of the so-called gentlemen were even returning to their games as if her fate was no business of theirs. Were there no heroes left in the world? Would no one rush to her aid or champion her?

Only Lord Grainger was marching in her direction, a look of determination stiffening his chin. Suddenly she felt trapped. To run in one direction, she’d end up caught in Lord Grainger’s grasp. And he’d wanted to drag her into a darkened alleyway. He was no different from the lusty card shark who was waiting to trap her and chop off her finger unless she gave him use of her body.

Men! They should all be locked away!

She raised her fists, prepared to fight off any bounder who dared to try and touch her. A doomed battle perhaps, but one she had no choice but to wage.

Her heart shuddered in her chest as she waited. Time seemed to stand still in those harrowing moments. And then it happened. Just as she feared, a strong male hand closed over her shoulder.

“I’ll not fall prey to any of you.” She drew back her arm. With a quick twist at the waist, she turned and punched her attacker in the belly. Only instead of hitting vulnerable flesh, her fist slammed into what felt like a tapestry-covered brick wall.

Two sturdy boots stood toe-to-toe with her much smaller pair. A pair of buff-colored doeskin breeches hugged the man’s powerful legs like a second skin. His stomach, which she’d already discovered to be rock-hard, was covered with a familiar navy blue coat and white marcella waistcoat.

“You’ve picked the wrong lad to fleece this time, Varner.” Iona immediately recognized his voice.

She sighed a deep breath of relief. “Lord Nathan. You won’t believe what this gentleman has asked, nay, demanded I—”

Her indignation froze as she watched Nathan’s expression harden. Violence glittered bright in his fixed gaze. With the bravery of a warrior knight, he stepped in front of Iona and placed himself dangerously close to the villain’s blade.

“You threatened a helpless…um…lad with a knife? And you demanded what?” Nathan’s cool tone left Iona shivering. She latched onto his arm.

“Please,” she whispered.

Varner still had that barbarous knife poised at the ready. If they weren’t careful, he could kill Nathan.

“You threatened the lad and demanded he do what?” Nathan’s voice rose.

Varner spat on the stained deep orange Oriental rug and snarled. He pointed the tip of his blade in Iona’s direction. “That whelp ain’t no lad—”

With the speed of a hawk dropping out of the sky to snatch his prey, Nathan pounced. Using a crushing grip, he twisted the long blade from the man’s grasp.

Varner gave a shout and spewed a string of creative curses involving horse parts, bog slime and a few things Iona simply couldn’t figure out. Spit dripped from the corner of his mouth by the time he was done. “Watch yourself in those dark alleyways, Wynter,” he warned, his face growing deep red. “You never know when someone might stick his point into your gullet.”

Though the threat had Iona’s insides quivering, Nathan didn’t appear to be concerned in the least. With one fluid motion, he drove the knife deep into the gaming table, reached into the villain’s pocket and retrieved Iona’s money.

“Come now, Varner. You can’t possibly hold a grudge against me or the lad when everyone here knows you use a marked deck of cards.” Dipping a mock bow and with a playful smile tripping over his lips, he bid the man a good night.

Iona’s watery legs were barely able to support her as Nathan led her down the narrow back stairs. When she would have liked to bolt from the building with a rabbit’s speed, he held her back.

“Let’s not create any more scenes right now,” he whispered and put his hand on her lower back to help her keep a steady, calm pace. His voice sounded hard again. Cold.

They made their exit from Goldsmith’s, stopping only long enough to retrieve their hats and gloves from the attendant.

Once they were out of the club, Nathan picked up his pace. His jaw muscles tightened. He urged her to trot alongside him down the street until they reached a gravel walk. Their boots crunched over the stones. The walk led them into the Orange Grove Park where a stone obelisk hiding in the shadows of the gothic Bath Abbey greeted them.

For a moment Iona had a devil of a time catching her breath. She leaned up against a fat tree trunk. “These-these men’s clothes are certainly accommodating for running away from villains,” she said, panting lightly.

Nathan shook his head. “Yes, I suppose they are deuced useful considering how you decided to take on one of the meanest coves in Goldsmith’s tonight.”

“Deuced useful,” she echoed.

In the breathless moment that followed, his gaze trapped hers.

“He wanted to take you to his bed?” he asked. His voice was as hard as the pebbles beneath their feet.

She didn’t want to answer him. She didn’t want to admit that she’d let herself get that far in over her head. The whole purpose of visiting a gambling hell had been to prove that she could hold her own—that she didn’t need her father or a husband to watch out for her or take care of her. But she’d failed. Miserably.

If not for Nathan…

She squeezed her eyes shut, desperate to hold back the tears that threatened. In her first attempt at independence, she had nearly fallen prey to two scoundrels. Her heart sank into her boots.

Nathan swore softly and pulled her into his arms. “I should never have let you out of my sight.”

He had no reason to feel as if he’d let her down. She’d been the one who had allowed Lord Grainger to lead her away.

“I admit that I should have never lost my temper and confronted Mr. Harlow…or you,” she said but poked her finger in his chest all the same. “But if you think you are going to school that young fop on ways to seduce me, you better think again.”

“You, for one, should know I would never—”

“Of course you will never—” she shouted over his protest, which was a surprise. She never shouted.

“Shush, love.” Nathan clamped his hand over her mouth and chuckled. “You’ve already caused not one but two scenes tonight. Let’s not try for a third.”

A smile relaxed her lips. She pushed his hand away. “It was rather outrageous how that gentleman tried to cheat me. For a moment I thought I must have been playing with Lillian!”

“Oh my, like playing with Lillian?” His eyes sparkled despite the darkness. “That must have been harrowing.”

“Yes,” she whispered and collapsed against his warm, inviting chest, shuddering with laughter.

“In the future, pray do not abandon me like that again. I-I believe I desperately need you,” she said and pressed her head against him. “You’re such a dear friend.”

From one moment to the next, something in the air shifted. The laughter was replaced with a tension charged with a heat that made her head feel light. His arms encircled her waist, effectively trapping her. He nudged her chin with his.

Her gut tightened as she realized her mistake. The laughter in her throat disappeared. Goodness, she would have been much safer in the clutches of that knife-wielding card monger at Goldsmith’s than in Nathan’s arms right now. Somehow she—or rather her unfettered emotions—had allowed him to gain the upper hand.

It was almost more than she could bear. His fiery stare felt as if it could burn straight through her, threatening to singe her until there was nothing left but a pile of ashes on the gravel walk. She drew a deep breath while listening to the thump-thump of her heart and wondered if he could hear her thundering beats.

A whispered sigh brushed against her cheek and sent shivers tiptoeing down her spine. She drew a deep breath and held it. Her eyes slipped closed as she waited for him to kiss her.

Instead Nathan muttered another curse. “You’re hurt.” It sounded like an accusation. He cradled her hand in his. “You’re bleeding, dammit. Why didn’t you say anything?”

Her hand had been stinging but not enough to cause concern. Yet, even in the dim light she could see the blood oozing from where Varner’s blade had bitten into the soft skin between her thumb and forefinger. The blood was staining her glove.

“I’ll kill him.”

The cold conviction in his voice frightened her. This wasn’t her tame, harmless friend who had the power to lure away her heart. He was as dangerous as the card mongers in Goldsmith’s. More dangerous since she cared for him and didn’t want him getting into trouble thanks to her mad schemes. And more dangerous even still since she suspected this more unpredictable Nathan had the power to snatch away her heart whether she wanted him to or not.

She touched his sleeve and felt the tension in his hard muscles. “Please,” she said, “it’s merely a scratch.”

“That blade was filthy. Your so-called scratch is likely to fester. We need to get it cleaned up.” He gave a frustrated huff. “I’ll have to wait and deal with Varner later.”

He kept his hand on her lower back as he guided her down the street, presumably taking her back home.

“For future reference,” he said tightly, “not that you’ll need it if I have any say—when a gentleman is sitting alone at a gaming table, avoid him. There’s a reason no one is playing cards with him.”

If not for that blasted nick on her hand, she’d still have her back pressed up against that smooth tree and him making love to her mouth. She wasn’t a total innocent. She knew when a man was on the verge of kissing a woman. And Nathan’s lips had been so close to hers that she could still taste the promise of his kiss.

Confound it! She wasn’t ready to go home. Not yet, not when her body was shouting for something to happen. But what? That nagging ache growing between her thighs was seeking a completion she didn’t quite understand.

He should be taking her home. But his apartment was closer. At least that’s what Nathan told himself as he led Iona up the short flight of steps and into his apartment’s tiny front parlor.

He held his breath, waiting for her to sneer at the sight of his modest living arrangements. His rented rooms weren’t a fit place to bring a wife—or future wife—or even a future, future wife. And Iona was accustomed to the most expensive comforts only those living at the most exclusive addresses could afford.

Though he was by no means impoverished, a large chunk of his income was being used to pay for his bastard nephew’s care and to keep Miss Darly silent. And then there were his worries over his father’s estate. He feared he might soon need to bail his brother out on that front as well. If not for his father’s fragile health, he’d stop covering for Edward’s mistakes and force him to start taking some responsibility for his actions.

But his father was still weak and covering up for Edward had almost become second nature to Nathan. Despite all that, he despaired that he couldn’t show Iona that he could take care of her in a manner she would expect. Seeing how he lived, she’d surely forever scorn the thought of marriage to him.

Graceful as ever—even with a frazzled wig, a cockeyed beaver hat and false mustache pasted to her upper lip—she wandered through the parlor with a serene expression pursed on her lips.

“This is where you live?” she asked, not giving any of her thoughts away.

He gave a nod. “I know it’s not much but it’s only temporary. As you know, before my father’s illness I spent most of my time in London.”

“Ah.” She ran her long fingers across the back of a worn stuffed chair as her gaze tripped over the walls cluttered with artwork that had been gifted to him from various London artists he’d made loans to over the years. Her lips curled into a faint smile. “It’s quaint.” She blinked up at him. “I like it.”

“You do?” He closed the front door and leaned against it. With his arms crossed, he watched as she continued to explore the parlor, touching and caressing the furniture. Her beautiful cornflower blue eyes grew wide as she drew her hand across the large, intricately carved oak desk that took up most of the room. His body tightened.

“The desk doesn’t fit with the rest of the furnishings. It’s rather out of place, isn’t it? Too fine, too large for its surroundings. Is it yours?” she asked.

He nodded. His thoughts were on anything but that desk. It took all his willpower not to sweep her up and show her another piece of furniture, a bed he’d set up in the middle of the room adjoining this parlor. A luxurious bed waiting for them, only a few steps away.

Would it really be so wrong? Waking her up to the wonders waiting for her in the marriage bed might even give Iona the push needed to bend her blasted resolve against marriage. True, breaching her maidenhead before making her his wife would only prove that he was the rogue society had painted him out to be.

Out of reach from the room’s pale flickering candlelight, he continued to watch her while he leaned against the now closed and locked door. Even wearing that blasted wig and mustache, she was beautiful and he wanted her more than he’d ever wanted any other woman. Slender as a wren and yet as bold as a tigress, Lady Iona was an uncommonly rare find among the ton. Remembering how she’d accepted him despite the dastardly reputation he’d heaped all around him made his heart thud even harder in his chest.

Regardless of her wishes concerning marriage and whether she wanted to become his wife or not, he desperately wanted to take her to his bed. And that made him feel exactly like the worst kind of lone wolf. One who lurked in the shadows, waiting for an innocent to fall into his clutches.

“It suits you.”

“What?” he asked, not at all sure what she was talking about. Surely she hadn’t seen past his closely guarded expression and read his thoroughly inappropriate thoughts.

“The desk,” she said and quickly licked her pearly lips. “It suits you.”

Their gazes met and for a heart-stopping moment he knew with a certainty that she wanted him as badly as he ached for her. Not knowing what he intended to do, yet fearing it would damn him forever to hell, he took a step toward her.

The narrow side door to the parlor slid open and Freddie, Nathan’s tireless valet, poked his head in the room.

“Will you be needin’ anything before bed, my lord?” Freddie asked around a wide yawn. His dark eyes landed on Nathan, who’d suddenly frozen in place.

Freddie knew Nathan’s stance and could read the look of predatory lust in his employer’s gaze only too easily. Fortunately he’d had enough practice over the past few years to know when to be discreet. He started to back out of the room.

“Beggin’ your pardon,” he said quietly, without even flicking a look in Iona’s direction. “I see you have everything you need for the night already.”

“Just a moment, Freddie.” Nathan needed to clean Iona’s wounded hand. That was the reason he’d brought her to his apartment in the first place. Not seduction. Though seduction might come later, her health came first.

Seemingly unable to help himself, Freddie looked up, his beady gaze drifting over to where Iona was standing. Of course he saw exactly what the blind fools in Goldsmith’s had seen—a lad.

His brows shot up.

“You-you and your…um…um…friend certainly wouldn’t be needin’ me for anything tonight?” Freddie asked, his drawl roughening and his throat working overtime.

Dash it all. Clearly Nathan’s valet’s already poor opinion of his thoroughly debauched employer just dropped a few rungs.

“Sir Percival Crumps has injured his hand,” Nathan explained through gritted teeth while silently cursing the depths he’d sunk to.

It was lowering to realize that even his trusted valet would jump to the worst conclusions about him. He wouldn’t be surprised if all of Bath would be talking about his out-of-control lusts that had him taking anything and everything into his bed—including impossibly shapely and awkwardly dressed lads.

“An injury, my lord?” Freddie’s voice trembled.

“There was an unfortunate incident with a knife at Goldsmith’s. I will need some strips of clean cloth and a basin of hot water to clean the wound,” Nathan said.

“Of course, my lord. A knife fight, my lord. Very clearly a logical reason to invite a youngster like Sir…um… Percival into your parlor. You couldn’t let him stumble home alone after finding himself on the wrong end of a knife. How very noble of you and—”

“The basin of water, Freddie,” Nathan urged.

“Of course.” Freddie rushed back toward the tiny kitchen, relief flowing through his voice and the color returning to his normally ruddy cheeks. “Right away, my lord.”

While they waited for Freddie’s return, Nathan focused his energies on taking care of Iona’s hand—and trying to forget about his desire to strip her naked. Oh, what pleasure he’d take in administering his attentions to not just her injury but to her entire body. With a muttered curse, he shook the thought away.

In the glow of the set of candles Freddie always lit in anticipation of Nathan’s return, he carefully peeled off Iona’s glove and turned her hand over in his own. The flow of blood had stopped. And though the gash needed to be cleaned, it wasn’t nearly as bad as he had feared. She hadn’t been downplaying the injury. It was only slightly worse than a nick.

He whooshed out a breath of relief.

“I doubt anyone will notice this small slice tomorrow,” he said and caressed her knuckles, enjoying the feel of her velvety smooth skin under the rough pads of his fingertips. Soon this woman—a creature as gentle as a sigh and as wild as a kitten—would be his wife…if things went his way.

But very little did go his way lately. And that worried him.

“You will have to start trusting and obeying me, Iona.” He tilted up her chin. “You could have been seriously hurt.”

Firelight flickered in her eyes. She swallowed hard and her lips parted as if she was going to argue. But she said nothing.

He didn’t know whether to be pleased or worried. The wizened part of him whispered that he should be worried. Very worried. This was her second brush with danger and the first one at the King’s Bath hadn’t cooled her ardor for adventure one blasted bit.

“Iona, I’m serious. This game has to stop. Here. Tonight.”

“But—”

Freddie interrupted them. He entered with several clean cloths draped over his arm and carrying a plain, ceramic basin of water. He was whistling a jaunty tune that came to an abrupt halt as he caught the two of them in such an intimate pose. The color seeped out from his cheeks again.

“The-the water, my lord. But perhaps I should come back later?”

Nathan quickly released Iona’s hand and took a step back.

“Set the water here.” Nathan pointed to his desk. While Freddie hovered, he took the clean cloth from his valet’s arm and dipped it into the basin. The steaming hot water nearly scalded his skin. But he knew from experience that the heat would help draw out the dirt and limit the threat of infection.

“This will hurt,” he warned Iona.

She tightened her lips and nodded.

He scrubbed the small wound with the hot, damp cloth. Her cheeks paled but she was brave. She inhaled slowly and turned her gaze to the ceiling. He supposed she was trying to hide the tears that were swimming in her beautiful eyes. Nathan noticed them though. Lately he seemed to be noticing every damned thing about her as if she were a glittering beacon in the gloom that had become his life.

“Freddie, fetch the brandy,” he growled, trying to tamp down the frustration beating through his body. Iona wanted his kisses and yet she still insisted he was nothing more than a dear friend. What he was feeling for her at this moment didn’t feel the least bit friendly though.

His valet murmured softly and rushed from the room.

“I’m fine,” she said once they were alone. “I don’t need a drink. Besides I can’t stand the taste of brandy.”

“Good. It’s not for you to drink,” he said more sharply than he intended.

Cleaning the wound with a healthy dose of brandy was a trick his governess had taught him. Growing up he was constantly coming home scraped and cut to ribbons. At first he thought his governess had been merely trying to punish him with the stinging liquid but, as he grew into adulthood, he realized that whenever he treated his own wounds with the brandy, he greatly reduced his chances of infection.

Despite the benefits of the brandy, knowing what he was about to do made him feel like the very devil. The alcohol he was about to pour onto her wound would burn like fire on her skin though he doubted it could possibly equal the pain he was feeling thanks to her changeable emotions toward him and toward the other men vying for her affections.

“Iona, about our future—” he started to say. But Freddie returned. Avoiding eye contact with either of them, he handed Nathan a small crystal decanter.

“I can handle it from here,” Nathan said, not wanting his valet to watch. If Iona were to cry out, Freddie would easily guess that his strange elf-like guest was actually a lady in disguise. He’d rather endure Freddie’s scowls and low opinion than risk having Iona’s identity revealed, even to old, dependable Freddie.

Once the valet left them alone in the room again, Nathan opened the bottle. “I’m sorry about this,” he said.

“So am I.” Her voice sounded rough.

Certain that, if he waited any longer, he wouldn’t be able to properly clean the wound, he held the wet cloth underneath her hand and poured a healthy draught of the alcohol over the small cut.

She hissed a breath but took the pain as bravely as any man he’d ever seen.

“That’s my girl.” Once he’d dabbed the alcohol from her hand, he drew her close and planted a light kiss on her forehead.

Of course he ached to do more than kiss her with a chaste tenderness he reserved for his favorite elderly aunt. Their bodies fit well together. He tightened his arms around her and enjoyed how her breasts pressed against his chest. She hugged him back and wiggled as if trying to get every last inch of her front into contact with his. His body tightened even more. He was convinced she could feel the solid proof of his desire pressing against her belly. More than likely, she would understand what happened between a man and a woman. Though an innocent, she wasn’t young or stupid.

Only vastly inexperienced.

Nathan groaned when his blasted conscience kicked in. To take advantage of her budding and somewhat uncontrolled womanly desires would be wrong. She didn’t fully understand what she was doing to him. She couldn’t.

He refused to believe she would knowingly tease him so cruelly by wiggling up against him like that. And that’s what she was doing to him quite thoroughly, teasing his body to a point of arousal that made it damnably hard to think.

What he needed to do was turn the tables on her. After all, she’d silently brooded during their entire walk to his apartment after leaving the Orange Grove. All because he’d refused to give her mustached lip a kiss. Served her right.

It frustrated him that their relationship was being relegated to clandestine assignations. This was exactly what he needed to do, wrest the reins out of her hands and take control of their game.

When he pulled away she gave a strangled cry.

“Does the sight of your blood frighten you?” he asked, since she seemed to be staring at her hands. The cut was bleeding a little after being so thoroughly cleaned, though he seriously doubted it was the blood that made her cry out.

She shook her wigged head and leaned forward slightly. “I’m not frightened.”

You should be.

To hell with his short-lived plan of teasing her but not giving in. His heart was pounding wildly against his ribs. He tossed aside the damp cloth, peeled off that blasted mustache she was wearing and removed the frizzy wig.

Taking a virgin, an innocent, to his bed was one line he’d promised himself he’d never cross but, dammit, Iona was going to be his wife. He’d already decided that he’d fight the devil to win her if need be. So why not rush the consummation and enjoy himself now?

Because he cared for her. Of course he’d always been fond of her. And had once believed himself in love with her. But all of those emotions paled in comparison to what he was feeling for her right now. The thought of losing her pained him even deeper than the torment he’d suffered when his family had turned their backs on him, refusing to even listen to his explanations.

For her he would do the right thing—even if it meant not touching her until she agreed to become his wife.





Chapter Eleven

Iona held her breath, praying he’d sweep her off her feet. He had a fevered look that made her belly dance. But instead of drawing her close again or touching her like he had that wonderful night at the King’s Bath, he was pulling away.

He was so infuriating!

Couldn’t he read the signs she was sending? Certainly he wasn’t so daft he didn’t understand that she wanted him as strongly as he wanted her.

And he wanted her. Of that she was certain. She’d felt the proof of his desire pressing against her belly.

They were both adults and far enough away from the prying eye of the ton to be safe. No one would need to know what might transpire tonight with her alone with him in his apartment.

So why was he acting as skittish as a feral cat?

Certainly his priggish behavior wasn’t stemming from an overblown sense of honor. He’d told her time and again that he didn’t care what society thought of him. And that he didn’t let the rigid rules of the ton control his actions.

What would she have to do to get him to kiss her again? At the King’s Bath he couldn’t seem to get enough of her lips but ever since their walk in Sydney Gardens, he appeared to be stubbornly set against the idea.

Maybe if she licked her lips as if she’d just savored a juicy orange, he might change his mind.

“Why won’t you kiss me?” she demanded instead.

“Why won’t I—” He raked a hand through his hair. “I’m not an animal that attacks every piece of fluff it encounters. Regardless of what you may have heard, I can control my urges.”

So that was it, he was trying to be noble. For her sake. Fustian! Her perfect reputation was ruining her life. Even the most disreputable of rakes refused to kiss her.

“I’m taking you home,” he said and grabbed up his hat.

Tears sprang to her eyes. She supposed she should be thanking him.

He paused halfway to the door. His shoulders tensed. Her heart shuddered in the silence that followed. She didn’t want to leave without his kiss and he appeared determined to deny her. He was going to send her on her way like an errant child.

“Dammit, don’t you dare cry.” He whirled around. She stumbled back a step while he advanced on her. In a flash, his arms were encircling her as he pulled her close.

“I have done as you have demanded. I have taken you to Goldsmith’s.” His deep voice caressed her lonely lips. “I have shown you the terrible trouble a gentleman can make for himself. Now you will do something for me.”

She nodded and then craned her head forward, seeking his kiss. “Anything…”

“Anything?” he said, his gaze pressed through her. “And I can hold you to your word?”

She’d give him the moon and the stars if only he’d kiss her. “Anything,” she whispered.

The heat spiraling between them was suddenly gone. And his lips were suddenly nowhere near hers. There was a calculating gleam in his eyes. He looked dangerous, ruthless. “I will escort you to the upcoming Victory Gala at Sydney Gardens where we will be seen together by others in a very proper setting.”

“I-I-I—” This was impossible.

“And you will stroll through the crowds at the gala on my arm,” he added.

Much to Iona’s chagrin, he stepped far enough away from her lips that she suspected that, unless she made a move, there weren’t going to be any kisses for her this night.

“It appears you have suitably composed yourself,” he said, the lack of emotion in his voice chilled her. Without giving her a second glance, he started back toward the door. “I shall walk you home.”

None of this was going as she’d planned. She couldn’t be seen with Nathan in public. Not when the official announcement of her engagement to Lord Lovington loomed a mere handful of days away.

Blast it! She’d given her word of honor she’d do anything for him. When he’d asked for her vow, her mouth had watered, expecting his desires to be directed toward the shadowy privacy of the bedroom, not to parade their attachment under the scrutinizing eyes of society. She’d simply have to talk him out of holding her to her word and pressing her to waltz into the Victory Gala on his arm. It was a terrible idea. Worse than terrible. It would set tongues to wagging.

A gentleman with his reputation being seen with her would be such an odd match that all of Bath would be tittering by the next morning. Word would surely spread across London before the week’s end. She had to talk him out of this.

Before she had a chance to launch into a somewhat heated argument, he set his hands on her shoulders and directed her toward the door.

“You are impossible,” she huffed, fighting an urge to scream at him. He’d so overset her, she teetered on the verge of matching Lillian’s and her mother’s skill in throwing a tantrum.

“So are you.” He sounded as prickly as she felt.

“Good.” She crossed her arms under her tightly bound breasts and glared.

He was too handsome for his own good. He’d tossed off his hat and his blond hair was in an adorable state of dishevelment.

“I’d hate to think I was the only one suffering tonight,” she grumbled.

“Every blasted moment I spend with you, I suffer,” he shot back.

Oh, he was worse than impossible. Why didn’t he simply go ahead and kiss her? Why make them both suffer? Simmering with frustration, she impulsively rose up on her tiptoes and cupped her hands around the back of his neck. She pressed her lips to his, taking the kiss he seemed so bound and determined to deny her.

“Take me to your bed.” She couldn’t believe those words had sprung from her mouth. And yet they felt right. She didn’t want to go home. Not yet.

He drew back and eyed her critically. She could almost see the thoughts spinning in his head.

“You’re serious,” he said finally.

She was terrified. Excited. And suspected what she was asking would lead to a basket load of troubles. Even so, her enflamed body wasn’t willing to let her sedate, dreadfully proper, logical mind talk her way out of this one.

Unable to speak, she nodded.

“You want me to take you to my bed? And do what a husband would do for a wife?”

That was the hitch. Would his dratted sense of honor toward her again leave him eager to fall on the matrimonial sword for her, like it had done the night at the King’s Bath?

He was watching her with an intensity that left her shaking. Did she see a spark of possession gleaming in his eyes? Was he like all the other dratted gentlemen in her life, interested only in wedding the paragon of perfection, the perfect Duke’s daughter?

As much as she ached for him, she feared that he too didn’t see beyond her pretty façade. Her recent reckless behavior obviously confounded him. She’d caught him frowning at her several times this evening alone.

“Well?” he asked.

While her body’s desires were still warring with her logical mind, she couldn’t seem to speak. This moment was too big, too important for words. Despite her fears and worries about his intentions and the consequences of the moment, this was something she wanted. Desperately.

Yes.

She nodded again.

Take me to your bed.

If she were to succeed in convincing her father that she didn’t have to marry her cousin, or anyone else for that matter, she’d soon find herself an ape leader and confirmed spinster. This might be her only chance to experience the pleasures of the marriage bed she’d heard spoken about only in parlor-room whispers. And she couldn’t imagine letting anyone other than Nathan teach her the secrets of passion.

“I need to hear the words, Iona.” There was an edge of panic in his voice. “Tell me what to do.”

“I need you to complete the lesson,” she managed to choke out and then swallowed deeply. “I need you to teach me how to truly live. I’m tired of hiding behind this serene smile and pretending that I’m happy. Take me to your bed.”

With a low growl, he swept her into his arms and carried her across the room. His pace remained steady and determined, not even letting something as bothersome as a door get in his way. He kicked it open and crossed the threshold into the most private of places—his bedchamber.

A sweet and spicy aroma greeted her. She breathed in deeply.

“What is that heavenly scent?” She whispered the question.

“The candles.” Half a dozen candles were scattered throughout the room in ornately jeweled brass and copper holders. Their flames smelled nothing like the tallow candles used in her bedchamber. “I have them imported from China.”

How exotic. It complemented the décor of the room. She’d expected his bedchamber to be plainly furnished, matching the slightly shabby parlor, not a pleasure room more suited for an exotic sultan. Brightly colored silks with elaborate scenes hung on the walls. A crimson silk covered the rather large bed that took center stage in the middle of the room. Dozens of fringed pillows and bolsters spanned across the bed’s headboard.

The silk draping the bed depicted a dark-skinned man kneeling in front of a scantily dressed and equally exotic-looking woman. He was taking the woman’s bared breast into his mouth. The smaller silks hanging on the walls also had exotic men frozen for all time in shocking poses with nearly naked women.

One in particular caught her eye. A young woman, naked from the waist down, was sprawled on her back in a grassy meadow. Her legs were slung over the fully dressed gentleman’s shoulders. And the man’s long, pink tongue—Iona gasped—was licking the tender place between the woman’s thighs. This room was as wicked as…

Her gaze flew to meet Nathan’s determined and lust-clouded blue eyes.

As wicked as Nathan’s reputation. A reputation she’d refused to credit until now. In a state of distress, her mind reeled. What if? What if?

“Why is your room decorated like…like you’re an unrepentant, dangerous rogue?” she demanded to know.

He stopped mid-step and considered the question, his eyes not straying from her body. For the briefest moment, his playful mask slipped and she read regret in those brilliant blue eyes before he gave a negligent shrug.

“This is what society expects of me, isn’t it?”

His reply only caused more confusion. She had a feeling there was a deeper reason behind his playing the part of rogue so completely. And if the persona he presented to society was a lie, she was also beginning to wonder whether everything she knew about him was a lie too.

She was about to press him for answers but he dipped his head and claimed her lips, washing away her straying thoughts and questions. This was Nathan—the Nathan she’d fallen in love with nearly two years ago—not the big bad wolf with a taste for devouring innocent virgins. Although, after seeing that wall hanging, the thought of being devoured by a man was beginning to take on a whole new meaning…

She suddenly felt hot and damp between her legs. Her head was spinning so fast she barely noticed when he dropped her onto his bed.

He climbed on top of her with his legs straddling her. His roaming hands fondled her bound breasts through the layers of clothing while his tongue eased past the barrier of her lips to dip into her mouth. She groaned.

There were too many layers of clothes between them. Her body instinctively ached to feel him against her, flesh against flesh. She wrapped her legs around his hips and pressed herself against the demanding bulge in his pants. Abandoning all modesty, she rubbed against him, thrilling in the pleasure the friction and heat brought.

He growled in her mouth and pulled away. For a frisson of a heartbeat, she worried that her bold, wicked behavior had shocked him. A blush started to sting her cheeks when he pulled her to the side of the bed.

The feverish heat she saw in his gaze waylaid her embarrassment. He took several quick, shallow breaths while he caressed her between her legs, making her feel anxious and needy. He murmured in a deep voice that vibrated throughout her body how he longed to eat her alive.

“You are the big bad wolf,” she breathed.

He frowned. “Does that scare you? Would you prefer a tame spaniel?”

She bit back a cry when he tucked those magical hands of his behind his back. “No!” She shook her head in earnest. “The only thing that scares me is that this night is only a dream and that I’ll wake up before I find out what will happen next.”

His frown eased a little but his cursed hands remained behind his back and much too far away. “I’m suffering from that same worry.” Finally he reached out for her and gently brushed away a strand of hair that had fallen over her brow. “Promise me you won’t disappear.”

“I’m not going anywhere,” she vowed and wiggled closer to him.

His playful grin, slightly crooked and heart-wrenchingly adorable, returned. “Part of me wishes I was peeling a frothy dress off these lovely shoulders.” He gently untied her strangling cravat and began unbuttoning her gentleman’s cotton shirt. Starting at the column of her slender throat, he placed a kiss on each inch of skin he revealed as one button after another came undone. “But then again, this feels right. I’m beginning to believe you’ve got the heart of a scamp. It’s only natural you should come to me dressed as one.”

The heart of a scamp. She liked how that sounded. She was about to tell him so when he cupped her cheeks in his palms and tilted her face up toward him. His thumb traced the arch of her cheek, an altogether surprisingly pleasant experience.

“My beautiful, daring scamp. Tonight has trimmed years off my life but I’d repeat it all again if it meant I’d end up here…with you.” He spoke softly. “Like this.”

“Yes,” she agreed. “There is no other place I’d want to be and no other man I’d want to be with.”

He twined his fingers in her golden hair, pulling away the pins, and gently, oh so gently, stroked her. Iona could barely catch her breath. She wanted him to do more. She wanted to feel more of what he was making her feel. But she didn’t know what to do.

“You’re trembling.” He moved closer. His breath feathered against her cheek. This closeness thrilled her. “Are you frightened?”

“No,” she breathed. “Not at all.”

His lips covered hers. The kiss was gentle at first but, as she melted into his embrace, he became more demanding. He pressed her chin with his thumb to open her mouth to him. His tongue plunged, filling her, igniting sensations that had never existed for her before.

He held her fast against his taut body. Each new sensation led to another more intense one. His hands caressed the length of her spine, urging her closer. Her breasts crushed against his chest and became rigid under the pressure. Her nipples tingled, demanding more. She rubbed the swollen tips against his body, sending urgent tremors coursing through her veins.

He lifted her from the bed and lowered her onto his lap so that she straddled his legs. His long, hard member pressed against her. He was hot there. His heat easily spread through her breeches and to her belly. A sudden moisture and a sweet burning surged between her legs where he was pressed hard against her.

He groaned and with a smooth motion pulled her cotton shirt over her head and discarded it on the hard floor.

“Oh, we can’t have this,” he said. The wicked spark in his eyes zinged through her. He glared at her tightly bound breasts. “We can’t have this at all.”

He reached down to his boot and withdrew a knife that looked as menacing as the card shark’s back at the club. With one careful cut, the cotton batting fell away and her breasts were bared for him to see.

And touch.

“Beautiful,” he murmured.

He gently caressed her. At first she felt awkward. He had the look of a man who was gazing at a truly magnificent sculpture.

And taste.

Much to her surprise, his mouth closed over her breasts, his tongue teasing her nipples, each one in turn, until they became hard and sensitive. And then he sucked. Hard. Demanding.

She felt him all the way through her body. Her heart drummed, vibrating everywhere, especially between her legs. A wet heat burned there and she wondered what would come next. She wiggled against him, becoming more and more enamored with that interesting bulge in his pants.

Not one to sit idly by and let someone else do all the work, she drew a deep breath and stroked his chest.

“Please.” She threw back her head and groaned when he nipped her breast. She rocked against him, rubbing herself along his length, no longer convinced that she’d be able to survive this sweet torture. She twisted her hips, pressing herself against his breeches.

He seemed as frustrated and needy as she. In a flurry of movement, she was naked and she had managed to peel Nathan’s shirt off. The hair on his chest was golden, tapering into his pants. She pressed her face to his warm chest and breathed in his heady scent.

He tossed her onto the red silk sheets and followed with his own body, kissing and caressing every silky inch of her. His touch was demanding but gentle. And even as he discovered places on her she had never known existed, the sensations building inside her felt oddly familiar and comfortable.

There must be more, she could tell that there was more. She bucked against him and bit his earlobe, as her frustrations grew nearly unbearable.

“Shhh.” His voice was smooth against her throat.

He drew her legs up, bending them at the knees, spreading them wide. She tensed. She wanted him to join her in her nakedness.

She tugged on his breeches, ripping the top button off when she couldn’t seem to figure out how to get him out of his elaborate contraption.

He stilled her fingers. “Easy, love. I’ll gladly strip for you.”

She’d never seen a naked man before. And he was very different from her, large and hard and jutting out. She nearly swooned when she suddenly understood what it was all about.

“Would you like to touch me?” he asked. His voice quivered.

She nodded and reached out. On the surface, he was soft and warm, much like his sunny disposition. But under the smooth skin, his member was hard, unbending. His breath caught in his throat when she first touched him there. Pleased by the reaction, she stroked harder.

“Please, Iona, I’m not made of stone,” he said through clenched teeth, his voice strained.

He could have fooled her, he was hard like stone, though not at all cold like marble. A beautiful statue to be stroked.

And loved.

“Do you understand how this all works?” he asked, peeling her fingers off him. Before she could answer he knelt between her legs.

“W-what—” she started.

He lowered his mouth to her soft flesh.

“Relax.” His voice was hot and moist against the soft hair between her thighs. “Let me teach you.”

“Oh,” she breathed her surprise when his tongue touched her.

“Oh,” she repeated as his warm tongue caressed her again. He showed no sign of pulling back. The intimate pressure of his lips and hot tongue against her most tender place made her eyes roll back into her head. She felt outside of her body as if she was nothing more than a feeling, a building force of excitement.

“I’m going to put myself here,” he said and stroked her with his tongue again. And then his caressing fingers touched her there—in that most private of places—a place she’d yearned for him to touch.

“And I’ll enter you.” She felt one finger push against her tender folds and then another, easing into her. She felt tight, like she was being stretched to accept him. But he was gentle. Her legs fell open as she relaxed. She gave a short gasp of pleasure when his fingers became bolder, pushing into her, filling her. Pumping her.

“Make love to you.”

Her hips rocked with the rhythm he set. Her eyes fluttered closed and she relaxed completely into his arms. His touch was warm as it filled her. She pressed against him, guiding him deeper as her urgency grew.

“Mark you as mine.”

And then reality intensified. She dug her fingers into his strong arms as her body tensed, being pulled apart. She was dying, there had to be no other explanation.

She had long ceased to breathe.

She cried out when a beautiful release came. Sparks of energy exploded throughout her body. Surely she had died.

He continued rocking her, cooing softly. He tenderly kissed her eyelids, her forehead, her nose, her chin and her lips. He held her tightly against his chest absorbing lingering tremors coursing through her.

“Thank you,” he breathed on a ragged breath and shifted above her. She felt the wide tip of his member press against her still trembling flesh.

He rubbed himself against her wetness until he slid easily against her. Slowly he pushed into her.

Inch by inch, she took more and more of him. He filled her and pushed deeper. Sweat beaded on his forehead and he looked very serious about what he was doing.

She stilled, her gaze latched onto his steely eyes. They were a steady comfort.

“Iona, this will hurt but for a moment.” He took her hands into his and thrust hard. The pain surprised her. She cried out.

He gently kissed away her tears, apologizing with every breath. He didn’t understand that her tears weren’t from the pain, or even regret. They were born from a deep relief that swept through her. With her innocence gone, she was free. No man would want to marry her.

“Hold still,” he said, “Just get used to me. I promise it will feel better in a moment.”

He began a slow rocking movement. His hands covered her body, caressing, teasing. He suckled one of her nipples.

“Oh,” she breathed.

With greater urgency, he pushed her legs wider and tilted her hips so he could go deeper.

Her own sense of urgency followed. Her hands were everywhere, tugging at him. Her body moved with instincts she did not know she owned. She nipped his shoulder, his fingertips. Moaned into his mouth.

As he was pumping her, she gazed into his eyes and saw her future. One with him at the center of it.

And that was her undoing. Her body responded to a desire she’d fought from the moment Nathan had caught her eavesdropping in on the tearoom gossips.

“No…”

Her logical thoughts and plans didn’t matter. Her heart took control and surged from the emotions that poured through her as her world came apart for a second time that night, sweeping her away.

No other, her heart sang. I am in love.

With a groan he pulled out, spilling his seed on the sheets.

He loved her.

In the quiet hours before dawn, Nathan gradually woke from the heavy sleep of the sated, the contented. The notion of giving up his heart to Iona didn’t bother him anymore. After last night, his heart would always belong to her.

He loved her.

It no longer mattered how much she might protest in the light of day, he wouldn’t let her deny the passion that swirled between them like a miniature inferno, or the tenderness he’d read in her stunning cornflower blue eyes when she’d offered him her maidenhead.

She loved him too.

No other, she’d said. Those two beautiful words rang in his heart. No other. She was his. Forever.

He inhaled deeply. He could still smell the fragrant honeysuckle scent of her clinging to him. She’d done this for him. She’d given him the peace he’d been craving.

“I should walk you home, sweet,” he whispered into the darkness.

Darkness answered him.

The poor dear, he’d exhausted her. Though he wanted to let her sleep, he knew he couldn’t let her greet the sunrise from his bed. Not yet. Not until after they were married.

He reached out, hoping to gently rouse her with a caress on her cheek. His fingers touched not her silky hair or her smooth skin but a cold pillow.

“Iona?”

Suddenly wide-awake, he sat up. His frantic gaze searched the chamber.

It was empty.

“Iona?” He launched out of the bed and rushed into the parlor. “Iona?”

The room was dark and silent.

Naked and confused, he stood stock-still in the middle of the parlor. And battled an urge to peek under the sofa or peep into the large blanket chest that was pushed up against one wall.

There had to be a logical explanation. Faeries hadn’t broken into his bedchamber to spirit her away. His door had been locked. And no one knew he’d taken her here. So kidnapping was out of the question.

So where the hell was she?

Be calm, he told himself. Rational.

Gritting his teeth hard enough to make his jaw ache, he returned to his bedchamber and slung on his dressing gown. While tying a knot on the robe’s sash, he went to rouse Freddie.

He knocked softly on his servant’s door. When there was no answer, he pounded.

Nothing.

He tossed open the door. The small servant’s chamber was deserted.

Iona kidnapped?

Freddie wouldn’t…couldn’t…

But if not Freddie, then who? Who could have taken Iona from his bed?

He’d kill him. Nathan rushed back into the parlor and went straight to his desk. Searching for his pistol, he pulled open drawers and tossed their contents on the floor.

His hand touched the cold, hard steel of the barrel of one of his dueling pistols when the front door swung open. Freddie, whistling a tuneless melody, strolled inside as if returning from a bawdy night at his favorite pub just a few doors down.

Nathan pointed the pistol at the man’s chest.

“Where the hell have you been?” he demanded of his soon-to-be erstwhile valet. Thoughts of murder glittered brightly through his mind. “What have you done with her?”

His valet’s back stiffened. “The lady roused me from my slumber and asked me to escort her home,” he explained as he closed and latched the door behind him. He then crossed the room and took the pistol from his employer’s hand. With a deep sigh, he laid the weapon on the desk between them. “I only did as she bid.”

“Why wouldn’t she have asked me?”

“I asked her that very question. She told me she was afraid.”

Afraid? Of him? Nathan’s heart tripped on that thought.

“Surely you’re jesting.”

Freddie curled his upper lip and shrugged. “That is what she told me.” His voice grew more frosty and clipped. “I did not argue with her.”

“And you saw her home?”

Freddie shrugged again. “She is a lady. It’s a matter of course that I’d do as she wished.”

“And you watched her go into her house?” He had to know she was safe. Once that was settled, he’d go back to trying to figure out what she must have been thinking.

“She crept through a back window at the Royal Crescent without a hitch.” He gave a low whistle. “She’s a nimble little catch, ain’t she?”

Nathan shot his valet a sharp glare.

“And she’s a right proper lady too,” Freddie quickly added.

“Regardless of what you may or not think of her, you mustn’t tell anyone about her. You understand that, don’t you? Not even those toadies you like to take a pint or two with on the weekends.”

“I never speak of your liaisons.” He sounded hurt by the accusation that he would. “It’s not my tongue but your own carelessness that gets you into trouble, my lord.”

“That will all change,” Nathan vowed. “Everything will change.” He would marry Iona. After last night, she must know there was no other choice. By begging him to take her to his bed, she’d agreed to the marriage, hadn’t she?

“I assume so,” Freddie’s voice rose with incredulity. “A duke’s unmarried daughter. I’d almost rather you’d taken a boy to your bed than that chit dressed as one. You certainly shocked me to my toes last night when you were making mooneyes at her while calling her Sir Percival, you did. It was so out of character for you. But then again, you’re under an inhuman amount of stress thanks to your family, I thought maybe you—”

An uncomfortable silence spanned between them. Freddie knew too many of his secrets. Had witnessed too many of his humiliations.

Nathan spiked a hand through his hair. “Why would she leave me?” He thought they had formed an unspoken understanding. Dammit, he should have gotten her to speak the words he had imagined were floating in her head out loud.

“She left you a note.” Freddie’s gaze traveled over to Nathan’s large tiger maple desk. A fresh piece of foolscap was sitting out on the blotter, waiting for him.

Nathan snatched it up.

My dearest and most intimate friend,

Thank you for the lesson in passion, the letter started. He had to force himself to not crumple it in the rush of anger surging through him. He felt a burning need to dash over to the Newbury household and shake her until she saw reason. Either that, or kiss her senseless. But he did neither. If he wanted to untangle this disaster he’d created for himself, he needed to keep a level head.

After last night, I am convinced you will rush off and do something utterly stupid. I pray you exercise a modicum of self-control, Nathan.

“I’m the picture of self-control,” he argued back. “Do you really know me so little?”

If you have but an ounce of care for my happiness, do not go to my father to speak nonsense of marriage. I will deny you if I must. Please, do not force me to do something so cruel.

Tonight will always shimmer in my memory. Even when I am old and withered, I will look back at that beautiful moment we shared and smile.

“Of course you will. I’ll be by your side making damned sure you do.”

If you never wish to see me again, I’ll abide by your wishes. However it is my deepest hope to continue our friendship.

Fondly yours.

There was no signature. Not even the ornate I she’d put on her earlier notes.

Fondly yours, she’d written.

But she wasn’t really his. The letter had made that much painfully clear.

He’d never felt such a rage toward a woman. He crushed the foolscap in the palm of his hand and tossed it into the fire grate.

It was probably a good thing she’d fled his bed. His apartment. In all his years, he’d never treated a woman with such callousness, not even the lightskirts he’d taken to his bed while a student at Oxford.

Did she think he lacked a heart? And what the bloody hell about his honor? She’d coldly ripped both away from him with the tip of his own pen.

Heaven help her, despite the demands she’d made in her note, he vowed he’d do whatever was necessary to take back both his honor and his heart.





Chapter Twelve

“What game are you playing, Wynter?”

Nathan didn’t bother to glance up from yesterday’s edition of the London Times—the last available copy to be had at Mill’s tiny shop in Kingsmead Square. The sweet smell of leather in the private lending library reminded him of his father’s study at Callaway Abbey. Of home. He wondered if after last night he had any chance of ever seeing his family home again. “You are mistaken. I don’t play games, Talbot.”

A chair leg scuffed against the hardwood floor. “Sir Percival Crumps?” Talbot said next to Nathan’s ear. “Lady Iona? I’d say you are ensconced in a bloody dangerous game considering how the Duke of Newbury is as protective as a bad-tempered lion around his favorite daughter.”

Nathan lowered the newspaper in order to try and read Talbot’s intent.

Trouble went hand in hand with such damning secrets and trouble he already had in excess.

Not only had Iona left him like a thief in the night with only that terse note to chill his heart, Miss Darly had sent a letter of her own to his apartment that morning. In it, she’d detailed her expensive demands. If they weren’t met, she vowed she would take up with Edward again and let the cards fall where they may, as it were. Unfortunately Nathan was still paying the creditors for the exorbitant sum she’d received from him almost two years earlier. He simply didn’t have the funds to buy her off for a second time, not while maintaining his current lifestyle.

And then there was Mrs. Jane Sharpes, his former mistress. Before leaving his apartment that morning, he was still berating himself for taking Iona to his bed and trying to convince himself that she would forgive him if he went to her father to plead his case, when a footman arrived at his door and announced Jane’s unexpected arrival in Bath. She urgently had to see him, the footman had told Freddie, who in turn informed Nathan with a sneer set on his unhappy lips.

As soon as Nathan had tugged on his pantaloons and tied his cravat, he’d rushed off to the address the footman had provided. His heart had been caught in his throat all the way over. He could think of only one thing urgent enough to lure Jane to the dull and unfashionable town of Bath in the middle of summer. A pregnancy.

His child.

A child that without marriage would be born a bastard.

He’d withdrawn from Iona, denying himself the pleasure of filling her with his seed because he hoped to spare her the danger of suffering that very damning and potentially ruinous complication.

He hadn’t been so careful with Jane.

Fortunately his worries about Jane’s condition had been unfounded. Even so, what he discovered at the tidy residence Jane had rented was even more shocking. Jane was willing to give him everything—in exchange for one little sacrifice.

Iona.

His body tightened at the thought of her.

That adorable minx was going to be his downfall unless she would agree to become his partner in more than secrets and shadows.

“Do you think I enjoy the inane frivolities of Bath?” Talbot’s voice reached into Nathan’s head and dragged him from his straying thoughts.

“I beg your pardon,” Nathan said.

“Do you think I enjoy Bath?” Talbot repeated with a bit of agitation.

“How should I bloody well know?”

“Well, did you know Lady Iona danced a waltz with me at every ball this past season? That she went riding with me through Hyde Park every Tuesday?”

“So you followed her to Bath looking to make her a wife?”

Talbot nodded.

Nathan’s spirits sank. Winning Iona’s devotion was beginning to appear as impossible as enticing a flitting butterfly to settle on only one flower.

And Jane was back in his life with her tempting offer to give him everything he could ever desire, save for one thing…

“Lady Iona gives so much of herself but never exclusively to one person for long,” Nathan grumbled. “Two years ago, I followed her from Bath to London. Some days I feel like I have been following after her ever since.”

“Ah,” Talbot said. He tapped the edge of the paper. “And what are you after? Is it a wife you are seeking or a challenging conquest to win?”

Nathan turned his head away, refusing to answer such an insulting question.

“I should have known. You are in love with her.”

“What?” Nathan protested. He tossed down the newspaper. “She and I share a friendship, I will admit to that. But love?”

“You aren’t running fast with her reputation, are you?”

“Of course not…at least…” A heat burned in Nathan’s chest as he clearly remembered how he’d taken her innocence last night and claimed her. He should be celebrating his success not brooding over her stubborn note. “I am trying to preserve her good name despite her recent antics.”

Talbot shook his head. “Then it is love.”

Nathan’s heart sank a little deeper into his boots. “I don’t think I know what that word means anymore. I am interested in winning her hand for the same reasons you are.”

“I doubt that,” Talbot said, rising from the table. “I am penniless and she is not.”

“Oh, I didn’t realize—”

Admitting to such a thing ate up a large chunk of a man’s pride. Nathan would have been in a similar position if his father had cut off his allowance after he’d admitted responsibility for Miss Posey Hartfield’s pregnancy. For some unfathomable reason, a modest sum still arrived every quarter in his London bank account from his father’s man-of-affairs. That, added to his own investments, had kept him living a relatively comfortable lifestyle.

“Not many know. I have my pride and a long list of creditors who are willing to bet that my family’s fortune will one day turn. Marriage into a well-endowed family such as the Newburys would go a long way to restoring what my father has lost.” Talbot gave a deep sigh. “There is always the younger sister.”

Nathan was unable to believe what he was hearing. “I do not understand,” he said. “You’re not going to blackmail me for what you know?”

“Alas, no. Instead I rather think I should tip my hat to you. There isn’t a lovelier or more sedately proper lady in all of England. Your powers of seduction must be even more potent than I suspected. I, for one, was beginning to think it would take a miracle to thaw that frosty heart of hers.”

“Her heart is far from frosty, Talbot. Unfocused perhaps but never frosty. But even so, it still might take a miracle to win her.”

And then there was Jane, all willing and smiles.

No matter what he did, the tangled web he’d gotten himself into seemed to draw only tighter and tighter around him. He was beginning to wonder whether taking Iona to his bed wasn’t the biggest mistake he’d ever made in his life.

* * * *

She was in love.

The realization made Iona want to cry. She couldn’t be in love…not with Nathan. Not with anyone. It would be difficult enough to convince her father that she would be happier unmarried.

She had plans for her life. A passion for art to be followed. Her dream of creating beautiful sculptures that would inspire and uplift. Falling in love was only going to make everything more difficult. Still, she didn’t know how to make her heart stop aching.

Her hand moved furiously across the page as she sketched with vine charcoal the image her fingers ached to touch again.

He’s going to hate you. The thought flitted through her mind along with the memory of the cold note she’d left for him. She’d written it in a state of panic.

“Better to have him hate me than to have him demanding my hand in marriage,” she told her empty bedchamber.

She’d done the right thing. She deserved the chance to discover her strengths. To become more than the obedient daughter. More than the silent wife.

She deserved to hold onto the power she felt growing inside herself every time Nathan unlocked a new piece of her.

Marriage would ruin everything.

She glanced down at her page. Nathan’s laughing eyes met hers. Every sketch she’d made over the last several days had been of him and only him.

What in the world was she going to do?

* * * *

“Oh, look at my sister, Amelia, she is woolgathering yet again,” Lillian complained rather too loudly not more than an hour later as she fluttered a length of blue silk ribbon in front of Iona’s nose. “If you do not pay attention, Mrs. Langdon will run out of the shades of lace and ribbons we need for the upcoming gala.”

All of Bath was looking forward to the Victory Gala. Worry over the war in France had weighed heavily over the country for far too many years. With Napoleon’s defeat at Waterloo last month, a celebration of this magnitude was well overdue. That, along with a recent influx of French fineries, had Mrs. Langdon’s Milliner and Fabric Shop crowded with the local young ladies. The line for counter service reached nearly out the door. Ladies were snatching up bolts of French fabrics, strings of laces and ribbons with ravenous hunger.

None of this mattered in the least to Iona. She glanced at the steely Mexican blue ribbon Lillian was still waving. “That color will not do,” she said and pushed Lillian’s hand away. “None of these will do.”

She stepped away from the counter to let someone else have her place. Lillian didn’t appear to notice. Her sister was holding up a handful of pretty ribbons so they were bathed in sunlight. Amelia nodded several times as Lillian pointed to a particularly lovely yellow strip of satin embellished with small pink flowers.

Iona wandered toward the back of the store.

“First that strumpet of an actress, then these rumors of him trifling with the heart of some hapless young adventuress and just this morning the scandalous widow Sharpes has arrived in Bath. He sent for her,” a voice to Iona’s left said.

Iona turned and spotted next to a display of brightly dyed peacock feathers Miss Frances Cuthbert and the young Mrs. Mary Luxborough with their heads pressed together.

“The high-sticklers will be having fits once they learn of the shameful behavior the wicked lord has brought to our town,” Mrs. Luxborough said clearly enough, the frills on her lacy cap jiggling. “What might be overlooked in London certainly will not be tolerated here.”

Were they speaking of Nathan?

What a question. Of course they were speaking of Nathan. Who else could those gossipy ladies be referring to? But what they were saying couldn’t be right. Nathan wouldn’t have sent for the widow Sharpes.

Iona pretended to admire a pair of straw, high-fluted Angoulême bonnets trimmed with sunset red satin and crimson swansdown. She inched her way closer to the women.

“I wager his father will fly into a rage when he hears how his son has been seducing another young innocent. He will surely disown the bounder this time,” Miss Cuthbert said.

Iona’s stomach churned. Nathan rarely talked about his family and when he did he spoke only in vague terms. But she had seen firsthand the horrific way his father treated him when she happened to pass them on the street outside the Royal Crescent.

Oh, she deserved to be whipped for her arrogance. She’d been as blind as the foppish gentlemen falling all over themselves to win the perfect Duke’s daughter’s hand in matrimony. Poor Nathan, his roguish freedoms must have come at a terrible price. To lose her father’s trust and affection would be unthinkable, impossible—

“I would dearly like to know the identity of this adventuress of his,” Mrs. Luxborough said.

Iona’s knees turned to water. She grabbed onto the nearest display and held her breath, waiting for her world to come tearing apart. Waiting for Miss Cuthbert to spout Iona’s name with venom.

“Who told you about her?” Mrs. Luxborough pressed.

“Mr. Harlow did just this morning at the Pump Room,” Miss Cuthbert preened.

“He did? How scandalous!”

“Well, he was not precisely speaking to me. I overheard him telling my cousin, Mr. Jason Poole. Men can be such gossips. And Jason teases me for talking too much!”

“You are ever a tease, Frances. Tell me, who is this mysterious young lady?”

No longer pretending to admire the bonnets, Iona leaned in closer to make sure she too heard Miss Cuthbert’s whispered answer.

“Sadly he didn’t give her name,” Miss Cuthbert admitted, much to Iona’s relief. “But he did say all of Bath will be shocked when her identity is revealed.”

Not if but when?

“This is more thrilling than a gothic novel! And we thought there would be no excitement to be found this summer.”

Iona stumbled toward the door. Her father could be frighteningly formidable when crossed. Unbending when dealing with a family embarrassment.

She had acted selfishly last night. Why hadn’t she simply accepted her upcoming marriage to her cousin? Why had she dragged Nathan into her troubles?

Daring to grasp more out of life and follow her passions was beginning to prove more dangerous than she ever realized.

And, even though Nathan had fought against her every step, she’d pulled him into this budding disaster with her. She opened the door prepared to rush out onto the busy Milsom Street when Miss Cuthbert sighed, “I cannot help but feel a little jealous of the poor mite.”

“Jealous?” Mrs. Luxborough breathed.

“Just imagine, being caught in the arms of the devilishly handsome Lord Nathan Wynter. La, the wicked way he smiles at a lady makes my knees go weak.”

Iona shuddered to think what her father might do to Nathan in a fit of temper once her name was attached to his and bandied about the tearooms in such a sordid manner.

Mrs. Luxborough tut-tutted. “Do not feel too envious of the gel, Frances. He will break her heart as surely as the sun rises in the morning. And he’ll leave her in ruin. She’ll be nothing but another victim much like that other unfortunate young innocent he destroyed all those years ago.”





Chapter Thirteen

“Come in, come in,” the Marquess of Portfry said. An uncharacteristic grin was set on his wide lips. He’d been trussed up like a king in a superfine high-collared coat with gold piping that hugged his round form.

Nathan stepped into his father’s study, wondering if he’d perhaps knocked his head on the way over and was dreaming. His father never smiled. At least not in his direction.

He couldn’t recall a single instance when his father had called him into his study for any reason other than to berate him.

“I heard what happened, boy,” his father said.

He’d heard? Nathan froze where he stood. The only thing he could think of happening to him recently was his taking Iona to his bed. “Y-you h-heard?” he stammered.

Perhaps his father was smiling because he was about to dispatch his disappointment of a second son once and for all. Put a bullet in his gullet and send him directly into the depths of hell.

Wasn’t that what Nathan had been told time and again? That if he dared touch another innocent, his own father would gladly kill him?

The old codger certainly looked oddly cheerful this morning. There was a bright, healthy color in his round cheeks. He was seated behind an ancient mahogany desk that had come with the furnished Royal Crescent townhouse. His elbows were propped on the desk’s smooth top and his fingers were steepled in front of his long nose.

“Don’t stand there gaping, boy. Come.” The Marquess gestured toward an empty leather chair set up in front of the desk. “Sit.”

“Really, sir?” His father had never invited him to have a seat in his study.

At his father’s nod, Nathan sank into the nearest chair.

“She came by to visit me this morning,” the Marquess said. “And she told me everything.”

Nathan swallowed hard. “Everything, sir?”

He couldn’t imagine what mischief Iona could be up to. Why in blazes would she visit his father? And tell him everything?

Perhaps she’d changed her mind about their need to marry. But why go to his father instead of directly to him?

“I think the match will be a blessing for both our families,” his father was saying. He couldn’t have looked more pleased. Nathan released the breath he’d been holding. Even if he didn’t understand Iona’s motives, he couldn’t find it in himself to feel upset over them. “Of course your marriage will show those society biddies that you’ve reformed your wicked ways. You have, haven’t you?”

Nathan nodded.

“Good. Good. Did you know her first husband was nearly as rich as Croesus? What a coup it will be for our family to take control of such vast holdings.”

Her first husband? Nathan suddenly felt ill. Iona hadn’t visited the Marquess. She hadn’t demanded that Nathan needed to marry her.

He should have known better. He should have remembered that in the midst of his very busy morning, there had been one other offer made.

“Jane,” he said.

“She naturally wanted to speak to me about your financial stability. I say, there’s a solid head on her shoulders. Not many women would make sure she wasn’t landing a fortune hunter.”

It was true. Mrs. Jane Sharpes had proposed they join forces. She’d said she needed a hand with managing her husband’s vast estate’s holdings as well as a friendly companion to keep her bed warm at night.

“She has only spoken to me about the possibility of marriage this morning. No formal decisions have been made yet, sir,” Nathan warned.

“But in due time you will do the right thing,” his father said, sending him a hard look. “Shall we adjourn into the parlor and have a drink to celebrate?”

“Of-of course, sir.” Nathan launched from his chair and offered his father a hand. After hauling the old fellow to his feet, they walked side by side to the adjoining room.

His father was offering Nathan the chance to be welcomed back into the ranks of his family. It was a most enticing reason to accept Jane’s marriage proposal. He couldn’t help but be sorely tempted and deeply affected by his father’s budding approval. But deep down he knew he had to ultimately refuse. He’d gone and done what everyone had expected of him. He’d ruined an innocent. Worse, ruined an innocent he dearly loved.

So instead of sharing in his father’s happiness, his thoughts were turning to Iona.

He could still feel the lingering heat of her silky skin clinging to his body. And, when he closed his eyes, he could hear her soft moans of pleasure as he helped her find her completion. Though he’d had no right to take her to his bed last night, he couldn’t deny that it had happened.

Her future, her happiness was now his responsibility. He simply needed to figure out how to convince her to let him do the right thing and marry her.

Perhaps his father would be just as pleased with Iona as he appeared to be with the prospect of welcoming Jane into the family.

After waving off Nathan’s supporting hands, the Marquess lowered himself into a leather armchair as if it were his throne and then propped his gout-plagued leg up onto a needlepoint-covered stool. A few barked commands later, the servants were running to fetch the drinks and the Marquess was forging into a story about how he’d purchased Holme Crossing, the property adjacent to their ancestral lands. And, amazingly, smiled—he smiled at his second son.

For the first time in a long time, Nathan felt truly welcome in his father’s presence. And comfortable.

And then Edward sauntered into the room.

* * * *

“With all due respect, sir, if left to his own devices Edward will bankrupt the estate,” Nathan had found himself arguing not long thereafter. The pleasant moment he had shared with his father had swiftly ended soon after Edward’s appearance.

Now, several hours later and in the heat of the day, Nathan rode with Talbot and a couple of Talbot’s friends across the Avon and up the hill to Prior Park. There he reined in his filly, Jezebel, and parted company with the gentlemen. He slowed Jezebel’s pace and steered her toward the shade of a leafy bower. His friends rode on ahead toward a gaggle of ladies who were strolling through a roofed Palladian bridge.

He immediately recognized Iona amongst the group. Several strands of her long blonde hair had escaped the confines of her wide-brimmed bonnet and waved in the summer breeze with a hoyden’s freedom down the back of her willow green walking dress. She stood next to a pedimented pavilion on one end of the bridge, apart from the other ladies. She looked terribly small and alone as she tossed breadcrumbs into the mirrored lake the ornate bridge traversed. Two white trumpeter swans were chasing each other, vying for her undivided attentions.

Nathan understood their frustrations. Instead of riding up to greet her, he sought the solace of the gentle wilderness. Unfortunately no amount of calm could keep the echoes of his father’s words from assaulting him.

“What trickery are you serving me this time, boy?” his father had demanded before banging his fist against a delicate rosewood table and splintering its center leg with a loud crack.

“None, sir. I assure you.” A few months earlier he had approached his father with these same concerns over Edward’s dealings with the estate and had run up against deaf ears. This time, with Miss Darly added to the list of troubles, he had hoped he’d be able to convince his father to listen.

“Do not listen to him, Father,” Edward had said. A vicious edge had infected his naturally smooth voice. “I can explain away his outrageous charges against me. But he cannot explain away what he has done.”

Nathan cursed as he remembered the hatred darkening Edward’s face during that harrowing moment. Jezebel’s ears twitched with alarm. The young filly danced sideways, anxious to break out into a hard run. Nathan bent down and patted the mare’s neck, cooing soft, meaningless sounds that seemed to soothe her.

If only his own concerns could be so easily chased away.

Edward, with his deceptively angelic face and quick tongue, always seemed able to sway their father’s opinions.

The heir and flawless scion of the Portfry name, who soaked up his parents’ affection like a sponge, chose to stand directly in front of Nathan. With his back to his own brother, Edward dealt a killing blow.

“All of Bath is awash with concern this morning, Father,” he said. “Despite the concern and charity you heaped upon him that first time, his actions once again soar beyond the pale. Scandalous whispers claim that he has spent the past week leading a young lady of considerable standing down the steep path to ruin. And not just any lady but an innocent whose reputation up until now has been beyond reproach.”

Beyond reproach.

Iona was known by all and sundry as the good daughter, the obedient one. She sipped her tea with the elegance of a queen and comported herself with an unemotional ease that elevated her cultured ennui into a kind of art form.

It was that beautiful reputation of hers—her exquisite perfection—Nathan had hoped to exploit. To use her to wash the stain of bad seed forever from his life.

If she could love him, chinks and all, then perhaps her affection could change his parents’ poor opinion of him. Perhaps they too could learn to love…

But now that was probably an impossibility. Now everyone would be looking for her—this unfortunate paragon he supposedly seduced—and all because someone had been spreading rumors.

After his meeting with his father had ended in failure, he had gone straight to the apartments at Saw Close in order to confront Talbot. He’d mercilessly shaken the poor man until Talbot had turned blue in the face. Which accomplished nothing.

Coughing and rubbing his neck, Talbot had vowed on his grandfather’s tomb that he hadn’t revealed to anyone, save Nathan, how he’d seen through Lady Iona’s shocking masquerade.

But if Talbot had seen through Iona’s disguise last night, there was no telling how many more gentlemen visiting Goldsmith’s had seen through it as well.

Which meant Iona’s reputation was teetering on a very sharp edge. And not just because she’d played the part of rogue last night—that alone could be overlooked as a playful farce. What had Nathan worried was that his name was quickly becoming associated with her antics. And such an association could only harm both of them.

No doubt, any association she might have with him, even an innocent conversation taking place under the watchful eyes of polite society, would be met with raised brows and speculations.

An overwhelming sense of loss washed over him as he wandered into the depths of Prior Park’s forest. The chance to repair the shattered relationship with his father and mother had likely slipped away forever with the dawning of this latest rumor.

Hell, his father hadn’t even paused to question whether it was true.

“What? What? You’ve ruined another young lady?” he had shouted, his voice echoing throughout the townhouse. “What madness is this?” He heaved a deep breath that did nothing to drain the puce color flushing his cheeks. “My own flesh and blood has soiled yet another of England’s precious flowers? What madness is this?” he repeated through a tightening wheeze.

Nathan had rushed forward to help his father when the old codger had started to choke on a fit of thick coughs.

Edward held his ground, his cool gaze fixed on the Marquess and his awful struggles for breath. “I believe my brother is trying to deflect blame by concocting this tale about my careless involvement with an actress,” he said in an emotionless voice that sent a chill sailing straight through Nathan.

“Never again—” the Marquess had started to say before another fit of sharp coughs hit him. Nathan pounded on his father’s broad back several times to help clear his chest.

“Leave me,” the Marquess whispered once he’d regained the barest strength necessary for speech. He swallowed hard. “Do not come back unless sent for. If I learn these rumors are indeed true, boy, I will take up a horsewhip against you.”

* * * *

Although Iona desperately wanted to seek out Nathan and warn him about what she’d overheard in the milliner’s shop, the best she’d been able to do was to dash off a brief note to his apartment. She tossed a handful of breadcrumbs to the birds and assured herself that it was beyond foolish to attempt to meet with him today when all of Bath seemed to be waiting breathlessly to ferret out her identity.

The grounds at Prior Park were impressive. At the top of a large hill, the main house, an impressive imitation of a Palladian villa, stood watch. Iona strolled through the fields and gardens with her sister and Amelia. Lillian kept the conversation on the upcoming Victory Gala. She was ever so excited about the ribbons and fluff she’d purchased that morning. And Amelia had been busy speculating on whether the fireworks display would be as grand as those seen in London’s Vauxhall.

Iona had silently listened, nodding at the appropriate intervals but not really paying close attention.

“What’s this?” A note of excitement added extra volume to Lillian’s voice. “Do you think they are coming to talk with us?”

Iona’s head snapped up from the pond. She spotted three gentlemen leading their mounts toward them. Lord Grainger’s long legs seemed to carry him toward Iona with supernatural speed. His dappled gray mare followed behind him, her hooves clomping a heavy beat.

He tossed his mount’s reins to his friend and then bowed over Iona’s hand. A deeply furrowed brow had replaced the laughter she was used to seeing dancing in his eyes.

“Lord Grainger,” she said and dipped her head, hoping to shield a heated rush of embarrassment within the brim of her bonnet as she remembered the shameful way he’d acted toward her last evening at Goldsmith’s. “What-what a surprise it is to see you this afternoon.”

“I have an urgent need to speak with you in private,” he said barely loud enough for even her ears to hear. His hand tightened around hers. “You will stroll with me?”

Her first thought was to refuse and turn away. Yet she couldn’t, not when there was a chance he might blurt out that he’d seen her with Nathan last evening. He could easily ruin both her and Nathan’s reputations with a swipe of his tongue.

So while Lord Grainger’s beaus were busily paying court to Lillian and Amelia, who were both practicing their coquettish glances and sly smiles on the pair of unsuspecting gentlemen, Iona set her hand on Lord Grainger’s arm and strolled with him down a stone path that led into a heavily shaded wood. After passing under a canopy of a thick grouping of beech trees, she withdrew her hand from his arm.

They were far enough away from the group that there could be no possibility of being overheard. She wasn’t about to allow him to lead her so deeply into the woods that they would completely disappear from view.

“Yes, Lord Grainger. What do you wish to tell me?” she asked, making sure she sounded baffled that he could have anything of import to tell her.

“There is much about gossip that must not be believed,” he said. “Do you not agree?”

She tilted her head slightly. “I rarely pay attention to the empty chatter of bored society ladies.”

“That is good to hear.” He chewed his bottom lip. A question brushed past his brow as he threaded her fingers through his. “I will not pretend to understand what is going on in that confounding head of yours, Iona. But since I still hold you in high regard, I will provide you with a bit of undeserved advice. You will do well to pay attention to your fickle heart and not your ears these next few weeks. Be brave and stay strong. For I’m afraid, things will soon become most difficult for you.”

She held her ground when he again tried to lead her deeper into the forest. “Are you threatening me?”

“No, but I do suggest you leave the wearing of pantaloons and mustaches to the men.”

“I would thank you, sir, to watch what you say. What you are suggesting is…” A hot blush rose up her cheeks as she jerked her hand from his grasp. “Is most ludicrous. I would never—”

“Lady Iona!” Lord Grainger shouted and seemed to immediately regret his outburst. He gave a nervous glance toward his friends and Lillian and Amelia. They were all laughing at something the shy Amelia had said. Lord Grainger cleared his throat and lowered his voice. “Wynter is waiting to speak with you at the end of this trail.”

“He is?” she whispered.

With Lord Grainger standing guard at the trailhead, she hurried down the darkened path. A summer gust tripped through the trees overhead, the leaves whispering secrets of love and passion.

Each step brought her closer to Nathan. She fisted her skirt’s fabric, raising the hem by several inches to give her legs the freedom to trot over the roots pushing out on the long-forgotten trail. She ran blindly, trusting that Nathan would be waiting for her, stopping only when she rushed out into a small fairy circle. Beams of golden sunlight filled the grassy space.

She turned around fully before her eyes fell on him.

Shrouded in the shadows, Nathan had one booted foot kicked back, his toes propped against the white trunk of a beech tree. His arms were crossed and a look of satisfaction was snug upon his mouth, a mouth Iona felt fairly certain she shouldn’t be noticing with such breathless anticipation. She licked her lips while thinking of succulent fruits.

Again he had dressed with a rogue’s flair. His dove-colored pantaloons were scandalously tight—another thing she definitely should not be noticing. And his hat had been discarded on the carpet of grass.

He held a single violet blue periwinkle, a friendship bloom, in his leather-gloved hand with the same care he’d hold a fragile piece of crystal.

Her skirt slipped from her fingers. Being with him made her feel uncommonly safe.

Nathan raised a brow. A curious smile creased those kissable lips of his. “Your ankles are as lovely as the rest of you, Iona,” he said. “But then again, I already knew that.”

His teasing voice suddenly made her very aware of her body and how it was rejoicing at the sight of him. Even her skin seemed to tingle in delight.

How he could conjure a playful emotion when they were living on the edge of what promised to explode into a disaster, she could not fathom.

“You have heard what people are saying about us?” she asked.

He gave a nod. “Vicious scoundrels, do you not agree? Scurrying around with their noses to the ground in search of the next juicy morsel.” He shrugged it away as if it meant nothing to him. “And I also received your frantic note. That is why I arranged this meeting.”

He pushed away from the tree and crossed the distance between them. “It is kind of you to worry about my family’s reaction, but unnecessary.”

“Unnecessary?” Guilt flooded her veins. She was the one who had pressed him into following her in this quest for independence. He hadn’t wanted to help her and had warned her to return to the bosom of her family at every turn. “If not for me and my romp through Goldsmith’s last night, your name may not have been bandied around the Pump Room with such vigor this morning. I am completely to blame and I find it insufferable that your family might—”

He pressed a finger to her lips. “Do not worry about what my family might think. In fact, this turn of events might eventually help repair the deep and painful rift that has formed between my father and me.”

“But I—” she tried to take the blame even though his warm finger was still pressed up against her plump lips.

“Scandal follows me around quite doggedly, I’m afraid. If not you, those tabbies would have found some other story to attach to my name.” He drew his hand away. “They could have chosen to talk about a certain actress who is raising a bastard son with my likeness…or a certain widow who arrived in Bath with as much pomp as a member of the royal family.”

His plain speaking wounded her deeply. It sounded shockingly like an admission of guilt.

The rumors about her were true. Why not believe society’s whispers about him?

Still, in her heart, she found it impossible to accept that he would be able to take her to his bed and make love to her with such passion while also seeking the attentions of a voluptuous actress or while writing love notes, entreating a former mistress to join him in Bath.

“It cannot be true,” she said, remembering Lord Grainger’s advice to listen to her heart and not her ears. “We must join forces. If you would but tell me the truth of things, I will enlist my friends to refute what is being said about you.”

“You mustn’t do anything of the sort,” he said quickly, “not unless you are prepared to have me formally declare my intentions of marrying you.”

“No! Don’t even jest about such a thing!” How could he still think to take such a damning course of action? Hadn’t she made herself solidly clear that she didn’t want to have anything to do with marriage—to him or anyone else? “I only wish to help you mend your relationship with your family, not rip away your freedom, or mine. I’ll discreetly spread word regarding the truth of your character among some of the most influential society ladies. I am your friend. Let me do this for you.”

“Friendship isn’t enough,” he spat out. “After last night, I can never call you merely my friend.”

“Nothing has to change. My feelings for you are the same.” Why was he being so difficult?

“You came to my bed. You became my lover, Iona.”

She pressed her palms to her searing cheeks. A part of her wanted to run into his arms and live for the moment. Forget about the future. Forget about what may be and what could have been.

“Tell me you don’t feel the same about me,” he demanded.

She loved him. But admitting her love would only fuel his resolve for them to marry. And marriage didn’t fit into her plans for the future… It couldn’t. She’d seen how her mother and the other ladies of the ton had given up their aspirations and dreams in order to fit the mold their husbands deemed appropriate.

If she had to do the same with Nathan, her feelings of love would soon be pushed aside by a deep-seated sense of resentment and sadness.

“You are simply my friend.”

“Liar.”

“Whether you accept my friendship or not, it doesn’t matter one whit. I’m giving it to you,” she said to prove that she could be just as hardheaded as he was acting. “I’m going to do whatever is necessary to help restore your reputation.”

His expression hardened. “To talk about me with anyone will only jeopardize your good name. I won’t allow it.”

“You have no choice,” she said, wringing her hands in earnest. She couldn’t understand why he was being so stubborn, so protective. “Why should you have to bear the brunt of these lies alone?”

“Because they aren’t lies.”

He may as well have slapped her.

“Mrs. Jane Sharpes, my mistress,” he continued without sparing her a drop of mercy, “did indeed arrive in Bath this morning and I did spend several hours alone with her in her private chambers.”

Tears sprang to sting Iona’s eyes. “No.” She spun away from him. “You lie.”

He grabbed her arm and spun her around. “Why in blazes would I lie to you about this? What benefit would it serve me?”

She swiped away the tears with the back of her gloved hand. “I don’t know! I really don’t know! Why are you doing this to me?”

His grip on her arm tightened. “You knew when we began this game that I was naught but a rogue. That is why you sought me out in the first place, remember?”

“No…” It wasn’t true. He was lying, even to himself perhaps. “There is much more to you than a careless—”

“You have played a dangerous game, Iona.” His gaze pressed down on her. “I am the wolf in the woods, lying in wait and looking for a tasty prey to come my way. You know from last night’s experience that I’m more than willing to take full advantage when an opportunity presents itself.”

“I cannot listen to this. I don’t understand why you’re saying these things. We should be working together,” she insisted rather frantically. “You need me.”

“I need you as a champion? A wide-eyed innocent?” He gave a deep sigh. His hard expression softened a degree. “You won’t marry me and I won’t take you as my mistress. Which leaves nothing else. I don’t need you, Iona.” He tipped up her chin. The anger in his expression faded. “I do want you to understand one thing. No matter what happens, I won’t ever abandon you to the whims of the ton. Your reputation is safe. I vow it. No matter what anyone says. Even if someone admits to having seen you at Goldsmith’s, I will make certain he is ignored. Although you dishonor our relationship by calling it merely a friendship, it is more. In honor of what happened last night and of what we had together, I will protect you. Go back to your world now. Our lessons have come to an end. Our secret adventures are over. You understand that?”

She nodded.

“And you mustn’t do anything rash, thinking you are helping me. I assure you, ruining your reputation will do nothing to help mine.”

She blinked back the river of tears waiting to fall and swallowed hard. “So you intend to spend your time with Mrs. Sharpes?”

“Yes.”

His cold reply slapped her. She twisted out of his grasp and fled back toward the forest trail. She couldn’t stay, not while her heart was splintering.

Why was he saying these things? Why wasn’t he holding her and patting her hair and whispering how he would protect her while painting her lips with his kisses?

“Iona…” he called after her.

The bounder!

She looked down and saw the periwinkle bloom tucked between her tight fist. He must have slipped it into her fingers without her noticing. She tossed the friendship blossom to the ground and, crying in earnest, stomped it to pieces.





Chapter Fourteen

The flutter of Iona’s retreating skirt was still visible through the crush of trees. Nathan sighed. He hoped he’d done the right thing with her.

He knew her well enough to know that it would have been a disaster to press her. For some unfathomable reason, her mind was set against marriage in any form—even after the passion they had shared last night. She seemed to view the institution as restrictive as a life sentence at Newgate. So instead of confirming her fears by autocratically informing her that he intended to pay a visit to her father, he told her the bitter truth about himself.

Her emotional reaction to his rejection underscored the one thing she repeatedly tried to deny—she harbored tender feelings for him. Feelings that went deeper than friendship.

Feeling lower than a slug in the garden, he shook his head and scuffed his boot on the ground.

He hadn’t meant to be cruel. Her constant denial of her affections toward him pricked as sharply as a knife. He’d lashed out in anger.

Would she find it in her heart to forgive him?

Before he had the chance to dissect each and every word she had muttered and expression she’d made, a silky hand tickled his neck. Two long fingers tiptoed down his chest as a breathy orange-blossom-scented sigh tingled against his ear.

“Jane?” He was somewhat surprised she would seek him out in the depths of this bower. Trudging through tall grasses tended to drain Jane’s short supply of patience.

“Who was that emotional creature with you just now?” she asked. A laugh twittered in her voice. “I believe she was on the verge of striking you.”

He almost wished she had.

With a sigh, he gently removed Jane’s arm from his chest. “She is none of your concern,” he said, stiffening. “What are you doing here? How did you find me?”

“Your man, Freddie, told me the where of things…though not the why.” She circled him until they were standing toe-to-toe. Their bodies nearly touching, she caressed his arm. “You are behaving ever so difficult, pet. You haven’t even kissed me.”

“You should have sent a note of warning before making this trip to Bath,” he said. “I would have informed you that I don’t have the time for you today…or anytime soon for that matter. There are too many complications crowding my life right now.”

“Is that what I am?” She grabbed his hands and pulled them around her slender waist. “A complication?”

“Not a complication, Jane.” She was far too demanding to be considered a mere complication.

“Good.” She tilted her head up and smiled. He was struck anew by her radiance. “It would be most distressing to learn that my future husband considered me troublesome.”

He tried to step out of her embrace but she held him tight. “I already told you this afternoon. I need time to consider your proposal. My father—”

“Your father?” A royal pout he used to find charming creased her feather-soft lips. “Your father? You’ve been sniffing around at his feet for the past year like my damned spaniel.” She wagged her finger under his nose. “And how has he rewarded you? Has he ever done anything other than kick you?”

“He has been ill. He almost died.”

“And you’ve been a fool. My patience is running thin,” she said, her voice growing uncomfortably loud. “I am offering you an estate to manage, a fortune to spend and a woman’s body to bed. What is your family offering? Or that young beauty you sent running away from you in tears for that matter? What future can she offer you?”

“Strive to lower your voice, Jane. I will not have this discussion where anyone might overhear. The gossips are too hungry for my blood as it is.”

“That is because you are their beloved rogue.” Her sharp tone softened a degree. “That is all you will ever be to them, a rogue to praise on a whim and hate on another. It all depends on the direction the wind blows or some such nonsense. That is the way of the haut ton, is it not? This is not your place. You do not belong with them.”

She leaned against his chest and drew herself up until her lips caressed his cheek. “You belong with me.”

Her kiss should have warmed him. But instead it served as a reminder of those uncomfortably frigid mornings he’d spent with her at Dundas Manor.

He closed his eyes. The image of Iona fleeing with the agility of a skittish colt haunted his mind. Did he have any chance for a future with her?

Probably not.

And yet…

Though his heart might not be engaged when it came to Jane, her marriage proposal was something his logical mind couldn’t ignore, because she was right. She was offering him a stable future and, though she didn’t know it yet, a chance to be welcomed back into the loving arms of his family.

His attempts to reform his reputation had failed miserably.

And Iona…

Pain rippled through his chest. He would do well to put her out of his mind. If not for last night…

“Wynter!” Talbot’s enraged shout cut through the forest. “Wynter! What in bloody hell have you done to Lady Iona?”

“Lady Iona?” Jane gasped and pulled away from him. She gestured toward the path Iona had fled down. “That silly piece of fluff with you just now was the Duke of Newbury’s precious daughter? The same silly chit you followed around for a season?”

“Yes,” Nathan admitted. He turned to his advancing friend. “Talbot, watch your language, a lady is present,” he warned.

“Oh,” Talbot said as he stepped into the fairy circle. He presented Jane with a deep bow. “A thousand pardons, Mrs. Sharpes. Wynter, if I might have a moment?”

Jane conjured one of her coquettish smiles and blushed. She had the ability to produce a lovely blush on command. Talbot seemed to lose his train of thought as he took notice of her charms. He stammered and grinned like an idiot.

“What is it that you want to talk about?” Nathan asked as he tugged Talbot off to one side of the clearing, leaving Jane alone and unhappy.

“Uh…yes, Wynter.” Talbot shook his head like a soggy dog and then grabbed Nathan’s shoulders. “Lady Iona emerged from the forest in hysterics,” he said in a near whisper. “I have never seen her so discomposed. Hell, I have rarely seen any emotion crease her damnably serene expression and never anything as powerful as tearful hysterics. What did you do to her?”

Nathan gave his trademark shrug. “I did no more than what she had asked for. I gave Iona her last rogue’s lesson.”

“And what was that?” Talbot gritted his teeth. He looked prepared to tear Nathan apart. “What did you do?”

“I showed her who I was. And the callousness with which a rogue treats a heart. If she truly wants to be more like me, she had to learn that tender emotions have no place in the world I live.”

She would have followed him into hell otherwise.

Even so, teaching her that difficult lesson had been one of the worst things he’d ever done in his life. Only one other stood above it and that took place on the day he’d entered his father’s leather-scented study and took responsibility for young Miss Posey Hartfield’s pregnancy—his first descent into hell.

“Good God, man,” Talbot said, slapping his own forehead. “When I warned Lady Iona to be strong against the harsh talk she might hear over the next few weeks, I never suspected I was warning her against you. What were you thinking? I thought you were vying for her hand in marriage?”

“She has refused me.”

Jane’s proposal would solve his rift with his family as well as satisfy his need to find a useful profession. He would have plenty of responsibilities with Jane’s estate. He might even enjoy the blessing of raising a family.

Pursuing Iona, fighting to win her heart and her hand in marriage was impossible. Irresponsible.

“Catching that siren, Mrs. Sharpes, for your bed had once been an impossibility,” Talbot reminded Nathan. “What makes Lady Iona any different?”

“The stakes with Iona are vastly higher. With Mrs. Sharpes, our reputations were not important. Neither of us minded in the least what those London tabbies thought of our behaviors.”

“And now you do?”

Nathan gave another meaningless shrug. “I shouldn’t make Mrs. Sharpes wait any longer.”

Talbot held Nathan back. “Have you given up then? Are you simply going to break the poor girl’s heart because you are suddenly worried about what society might say?”

Nathan shook his head and walked away.

Was he willing to trade his dream of winning Iona in order for a guaranteed chance to reunite with his family?

“Shall we?” he asked Jane and offered his arm.

They strolled back toward where he’d left Jezebel hitched to a post. Jane scolded him every step of the way for leading her out onto such a troublesome path. Her gown would be ruined. Her kid boots were covered with grime. And a pebble must have fallen into her left boot, for there was a devilish pain pressing against her toe.

Had he given up?

With Jane’s offer of marriage and stability waving under his nose, Nathan didn’t know what to think anymore.

* * * *

I have always held you in high regard. Even as a child, you were the quiet and reserved one. A treat for your parents and a joy to others. Traits I commend most heartily. I count the days when our engagement can be formally announced and all of society will know that England’s most graceful flower will forever be by my side, supporting me in all my endeavors.

Fondly yours,

Lord Byron Lovington

Tears pricked the back of Iona’s eyes. In the privacy of her bedchamber, she read the short note through to the end for the third time. Blinking hard, she fought against those troublesome tears. She didn’t wish to cry. Not over this. Her throat and temples ached already from having wept all night and long into the morning, thanks to Nathan.

Had he not realized how much she’d grown to resent the gilded cage he was sending her back to? She was tired of doing what everyone expected, smiling and performing on command like some traveling gypsy circus act.

Perhaps her dream of soaring through the clouds with her passions had always been an illusion, no more real than a rainbow in the sky. Her wings had been clipped long ago.

When her maid had first brought Byron’s letter up to her rooms early in the afternoon, Iona had foolishly thought—hoped—the neatly folded foolscap was from Nathan. Her heart had thudded heavily in her chest, with the belief that he was writing her in order to beg her forgiveness and to explain his lies. She had hoped that he had penned in the most florid details how his heart belonged to her and to no other.

Regretfully that wasn’t to be. And worse, the letter Byron had penned only drove home the unbending nature of her gilded cage’s bars. Her cousin held her in high regard, not because of her spirit or force of personality. But because she was the obedient daughter and would come into his care as the obedient wife with no desires, no dreams of her own.

Iona sighed.

Byron didn’t want a bride to share his life. What he wanted was a well-heeled dog. Or the girl Iona had pretended to be for all these years.

She’d adopted the role of dutiful daughter in order to please her father. A role she dearly wished someone would finally recognize for what it was—a lie.

Just as Nathan’s claims to be a rogue were lies.

She dabbed at her eyes with her damp handkerchief. Society and its expectations may have clipped her wings but, by Jove, she still could sing. Though Nathan might be unwilling to admit his true nature, she knew she could not keep silent a moment longer.

A daring heart did beat in her chest. She could feel it thudding against her ribs.

In the three days left before her cousin’s arrival and their engagement’s announcement, she vowed she’d find a way to show the beau monde the heat of the passions that burned underneath the mask she’d spent years creating.





Chapter Fifteen

“Pinch your cheeks some more, dear,” Iona’s mother suggested. The Duke alighted from the Newbury carriage, jostling the ladies within as the contraption bounced on its springs. “You look dreadfully pale this evening, sick almost. Perhaps you should accompany me to the Cross Bath tomorrow morning. I think I should also send for Doctor Pritchard.”

“I am fine, Mama,” she assured. Even so, she did as her mother bade, ruthlessly pinching her own cheeks, and followed her out of the carriage and onto the sidewalk in front of the Upper Assembly Rooms. “You need not send for a doctor.”

Lillian, looking a mite pale herself, joined Iona on the pavement and then turned to help Amelia step down.

“I would rethink the need for a doctor,” Lillian whispered into Iona’s ear. “You must be sick if you are still longing after that bounder. Forget him. He was never worthy of you. How could he be? He is naught but a second son.”

“Lawks!” Mr. James Harlow pranced up to them before she could tell her sister how wrong she was about Nathan. Second son or not, he would make her a most worthy husband. Unfortunately, because she was already engaged to her cousin, she couldn’t marry Nathan—even if she wished to. Which she didn’t. She longed to be free to make her own decisions, to follow her passions.

Mr. Harlow gave a deep, overexaggerated bow. “What a fine gathering of ladies I have before my eyes. I say, I’m so blinded by the beauty in front of me that I don’t know which beauty I should present my arm for escort.”

“Present it to me then,” Amelia said sharply. She thrust her arm out toward her brother and swatted at him with a dainty fan. “And do try to behave.”

“Of course, my dear sister.” He rudely left her arm hanging in the air and swept hold of Iona’s instead. “It is a pleasure to see you again and in such a pretty dress too. Do you not agree, Lia? Is this not the prettiest dress you have ever seen?”

Iona twisted away from Mr. Harlow’s tight grip and rubbed where he’d pinched her. “I do not believe we are well enough acquainted, sir, for you to be taking such a close notice of my apparel.”

“Please—” Amelia tried to pull her brother away.

“I meant no disrespect, my lady.” Mr. Harlow said and looked completely nonplussed by their reaction. “Your grace.” He gave a bow to the Duchess.

“Come, children,” she said, looking straight through him, “let us not dally. Your father will be waiting anxiously for us inside.”

A liveried doorman swept open the wooden front doors. Mr. Harlow followed on their heels, a look of mischief lighting his eyes that made Iona’s stomach quiver.

A day and a half had passed since the rumor had emerged, claiming that Nathan had ruined yet another young innocent. All of Bath was still atwitter, anxious to uncover this unfortunate miss’s identity. According to almost all the gossips, Mr. Harlow was the force behind the talk and he claimed rather doggedly that he would reveal her identity in due time.

She prayed he would not choose tonight to do the unmasking. She had other plans.

A sharp glare from the Duke, who was waiting for the women in the charmingly decorated octagon-shaped central anteroom, seemed to dampen Mr. Harlow’s shameless bravado. With a pout, he wandered over to inspect the imposing portrait of the first Master of Ceremonies, Captain Wade, who watched over the incoming guests to the Upper Assembly Rooms.

James King, the current Master of Ceremonies, pounced upon the Duke not a moment later, greeting Bath’s most illustrious residents with booming excitement. Mr. King ran a finger through his graying side whiskers and then shook the Duke’s hand as if he were drawing water from a well.

“And your family is in fine fettle, this evening, I see, I see,” Mr. King said. “Lady Newbury is looking as young and spry as ever. I say, the medicinal waters must be doing wonders for her health. And your daughters, Ladies Lillian and Iona—the unparalleled beauty and the queen of graces. Well done, well done.”

“Thank you, Mr. King.” The Duke had to grab the man’s hand in order to pry himself loose from his pumping grasp. “And you look healthy this evening as well.”

“Do I?” Mr. King groaned. “I do not know how that can be possible. Nearly every matron with a marriageable-aged daughter has bent my ear today. Rumors, rumors and more rumors. It is really most insufferable. Most insufferable indeed.”

“Indeed,” the Duke said. He took the Duchess’s arm and started to lead his daughters and Miss Harlow toward the tearoom where the concert was going to be held. Mr. King followed along. So did Mr. Harlow.

“But what could I do?” Mr. King asked. “I cannot ban a man on the basis of a rumor, can I?”

“Indeed not,” the Duke agreed as he continued into the tearoom without altering his stride. The members of the orchestra, dressed all in midnight blue, were on the upper floor of the Corinthian-columned two-storied colonnade. The sound of tuning instruments filled the space with a beautifully chaotic array of scales and snatches of songs.

The tables had been removed from the room, replaced with rows of velvet-covered seats. The multitiered chandeliers were fully lit. Their sparkling glass crystals reminded Iona of the stars shimmering in a certain night sky when Nathan had challenged her to take a midnight swim in the King’s Bath.

She’d proved quite soundly that evening that there was more to her than quiet grace, had she not?

“Indeed, indeed not,” her father said, repeating himself—a sure sign that he was growing impatient with the conversation. He couldn’t abide gossip and never partook in the sport himself.

It was Mr. Harlow who urged the Master of Ceremonies on by asking, “Which gentleman were the ladies asking you to ban?”

“Why? Lord Nathan Wynter of course.”

Iona tripped.

“Please, be careful,” her sister whispered as she caught Iona’s arm. “You cannot give anyone cause to suspect.”

No one seemed to notice Iona’s clumsy feet however—except perhaps Mr. Harlow. He quirked a brow as she hurried to catch up with the Duke’s long stride.

“He insists on attending tonight’s concert,” Mr. King continued to say. “Oh, it is a terrible bother. He has a nasty reputation, that one. And will surely soon come to a bad end.” He shook his head. “But hasn’t he acted with the utmost discretion while in Bath? I cannot bar him entrance because of a rumor, can I?”

“No, of course not,” the Duke said in a commanding tone that immediately ended the conversation.

A furious argument however continued to rage within Iona’s head. She’d not expected Nathan this evening. With nervous fingers she pinched her cheeks some more and tucked an errant strand of hair behind the carefully styled blonde ringlets that framed her face.

The bounder had no right attending any event she might be attending. What if he brought the widow Sharpes, or worse—a certain actress who had borne him a bastard babe? How would she be able to quietly watch him play the part of clever rogue, cooing over and patting another lady? Such a thing would truly break her heart. She prayed he would change his mind and stay home.

No, she thought viciously. Let him come and witness her transformation. A rare smile eased the tension from her lips. Let him come to the concert tonight.

And Heaven help him, for she would not show him any mercy.

* * * *

A hush descended over the crowded tearoom. The concert was on the verge of beginning. The musicians had, one by one, stopped tuning their instruments and held them at the ready. If Nathan were to delude himself, he might have credited the impending entrance of the orchestra’s conductor for the sudden silence.

A few at a time, accompanied by hushed whispers, every blasted pair of eyes in the hall eventually turned to gaze upon him.

He trailed his father and the rest of his family by several paces. The Marquess, with a slower pace than usual and a pair of shaky legs, shuffled through the Upper Assembly tearoom, showing a determination similar to a wounded soldier’s holding the front line with nothing more than an unwavering courage.

Two sturdy footmen flanked the Marquess, their arms held in ready in case he required assistance. They were careful though not to appear too eager to fulfill their duty. After hearing the rather heated objections the Marquess had pounded against their ears Nathan understood why.

Nathan’s mother, Edward and Maryanne followed a step behind the Marquess. While Nathan stood apart as if he didn’t quite belong. He wasn’t exactly welcome—not until after his marriage to Mrs. Sharpes would they accept him back within their ranks. His family had already made that fact painfully clear back at the townhouse.

But since he was set on making this family outing complete, there wasn’t really much any of the others could do to stop him from trailing behind them like an unlovable, starving stray pup.

The tall, willowy Maryanne appeared especially agitated. Her deep green eyes shifted nervously and with every couple of steps she’d glance back at Nathan. She was no doubt cursing his stubborn determination—determination that mirrored his father’s.

He still hadn’t given Jane an answer. Though she pressured him more today than she had yesterday, he had no idea what he should do about her marriage proposal.

Tonight, he’d left Jane alone in her rented apartments in order to test the waters with his family.

He lingered by the door and absorbed the silent stares while his father chose a group of four seats near the front row, a row in front of the only other high-ranking family in town, the Newburys.

His father, mother, Edward and Maryanne settled into their seats amongst the audience without leaving space for Nathan and then made themselves busy exchanging smiles and nods with the members of society all around them. A fashionable collection of brightly plumed peacocks. Nathan’s mother appeared to be the brightest in her emerald silk gown.

They were complete without him—as if he’d never existed. Their expressions joyful and serene, their thoughts appeared to be on anything but his troublesome presence.

A hunchbacked, twitchy-whiskered rat scurrying across the tearoom floor garnered far more attention from his family than he seemed to be able to.

The disappointment that threaded through his veins took him completely by surprise. Why had he expected his family to behave any differently?

Nothing had changed within the past few weeks. Not really. If possible, the rumors spreading like fleas through the streets of Bath had further strained his relationship with them. And he’d completely failed to attach his name to Iona’s in a positive way.

Perhaps he should accept the inevitable and agree to become Jane’s second husband. He was considering slipping out and doing just that when he spotted his gentle minx seated directly behind his mother.

Lady Iona had nearly turned completely around in her seat and was glaring in his direction. The very image of a Roman statue of the vestal virgins, she couldn’t have looked more innocent or lovely if she had tried. Her white gown with a gold cording that crisscrossed over her breasts was a classical design brilliantly displaying her delicious curves.

Her delicate features were alive with emotion. Her cheeks glowed a lively morning-sun pink. And her slender frame trembled with what appeared to be unmitigated rage.

If he didn’t know her better and her need to present a perfect image to the rest of society at all times, he would have been quaking in his brown ankle boots, afraid that she was a hairsbreadth away from leaping out of her seat and propelling herself across the room with her nails poised to scratch out his eyes.

Odd, his body warmed almost to the point of discomfort at the mere thought of her behaving so out of character and with such passion. Thoughts of Jane and marriage vanished.

The Master of Ceremonies saved Nathan from staying at the door all evening with his mouth twisted in some bemused fashion. A thundercloud of anxiety weighed down Mr. King’s brow as he marched up, grabbed hold of Nathan’s hand and gave it a mighty shake.

“Too, too happy to see you within our hallowed halls, Lord Nathan,” Mr. King said with a little too much enthusiasm. “Please, please, do take a seat.”

There were plenty of empty chairs available. Most near the back. A safe option, away from the tonnish stares.

Nathan never did favor the safe options though.

After peeling his hand from Mr. King’s grasp, he picked up one of the empty chairs from the back of the room and paraded himself up to the front and, dropping the chair in between the rows, crowded himself up next to his mother and very close to the simmering Iona.

The side of Nathan’s body closest to the two them—the two women he couldn’t seem to help but adore—took a sudden chill.

His mother bristled at his audacity, giving the emerald-dyed ostrich feather springing from her watered-silk turban a definite wobble. But to her credit, she held her chin firm in true aristocratic fortitude.

Iona, a mite less reserved, let slip a delightfully vicious growl. She shuddered a long breath when the conductor, a fine-looking fellow dressed in a velvet suit, stepped up to the podium on the upper level of the room.

It would be practically impossible for Nathan to change seats now, even if he wished it.

Which he didn’t.

He sat back in the uncomfortable, wooden, ladder-backed chair, crossed his arms and propped a booted foot on his knee.

This spot was exactly where he wanted to be—in the bosom of his family with the woman he lov—

No. No. No.

The beat of the timpani drummed through him as he fought to deny the one word he knew to be true. The one word he wanted to shout to the world and have Iona shout as well.

An impossibility.

A foolish pipe dream.

He shifted in the chair, his discomfort growing.

When in blazes was this blasted concert going to end?

* * * *

At the intermission, Nathan was in dire need of escape. Putting himself in the middle of his family and so close to Iona had taken a toll on his nerves. Without a glance in anyone’s direction, he made his way to the far corner of the room and leaned up against one of the Corinthian columns that guarded, like silent soldiers, a series of stately arching doorways.

Iona, he noticed immediately, was acting most out of character. The quick way her lips moved when she spoke and her languid posture with her delicately fisted hand propped on her hip were as bold and brassy as her mustached alter personality, Sir Percival.

With a coquettish, almost wicked, expression overtaking her gentle smile, she flirted with one young gentleman and then another. When Talbot happened by, she latched onto his arm and laughed at something he’d said.

The poor besotted Talbot seized up, a stricken look widening his eyes.

Nathan found his body had tightened up as well.

Well, well. The minx is trying to make me jealous.

He couldn’t think of any other possible reason Iona should be making mooneyes at every man in sight, including the elderly Mr. Leake, or clinging to Talbot for that matter.

If she wasn’t careful, every eligible gentleman in Bath was going to turn up on her doorstep in the morning with a spray of daisies in one hand, hat in the other and a grave need to pay his addresses to the Duke burning on his lips. Before noon, she’d be overwhelmed with marriage offers. Certainly that wasn’t her goal for the evening.

If marriage was what she sought, shouldn’t she come running to his door—and not anyone else’s?

No one else—not one gentleman in all of England—understood her quite as deeply. No one else was worthy to win her closely guarded affection.

By the time she’d made her way back around to Mr. Harlow, Nathan was sorely tempted to march over to her and toss her scheming, slender body over his shoulder. She’d be sorry if he was forced to resort to such an outrageous action.

A soft hand tugged at his sleeve and saved him from, in the heat of anger, doing just that.

The familiar scent of raspberries touched his senses. “My lady,” he said, wondering what he’d done to attract Lady Lillian’s barbed attention. “Are you enjoying the concert so far?” he asked, sounding damnably neutral. Quite a feat, considering how his fingers were itching to rip Iona’s hand from Harlow’s sleeve.

“I will not play games,” Lillian hissed. “I will thank you to do the same.”

“Very well.” Nathan crossed his arms. “Pray remind me again, my lady, what game am I to forego playing?”

“My sister, of course.” Lillian did an impressive job of keeping her voice whisper-silent while working herself up into what looked like a royal snit. “She does not need you complicating her life. Look at her—”

He couldn’t seem to stop looking. Iona had flitted from the west end of the room to the east. Next to the table of teacakes, she had become engaged in an animated conversation with three of Bath’s most dour-faced ladies. Her hands moved in fluid gestures as she talked. A genuinely honest smile provided an added shine to her cornflower blue eyes.

“Yes,” he said, swelling with quiet admiration, “look at her.”

Iona scooped up three teacakes from the table and, much to the delight of her companions, placed one into each of their hands. Then, without her usual regard for decorum, she tossed her arm around one of the ladies and presented her with a most heartening embrace.

“She is making a fool of herself,” Lillian complained. “And all because of you.”

“I wish I could take credit for giving Lady Iona her generous heart but I regret she has always put others before herself. Do you not agree?”

The elderly ladies were beaming as Iona continued to entertain them.

“Are you being purposefully obtuse, Lord Nathan?” Lillian’s voice rose a degree. “She is putting on this ridiculous act in hopes of showing you that she is unaffected by your cruelty. Her shattered heart cannot bear seeing you.” She stamped her foot. “She is a numskull. I have already scolded her for falling under your spell and still she will not listen.”

“What do you want me to do about it?”

“I want you to leave. Leave Bath. Tonight. And never return.”

He glared down at her with the same bland expression he’d use when his young nephew demanded to get his own way. “I fear, my lady, your sister will have to suffer my presence in Bath for at least a few more weeks.”

Lillian huffed several times. Nathan held up his hand. “No matter what you might say, I will not change my mind.”

“Well!” She tossed her lovely head and stalked off—with the grace of a duke’s daughter of course.

He didn’t have much time alone before a new feminine scent pounded against his senses.

Again it wasn’t the plain scent of soap he’d learned to savor on a certain rogue’s apprentice. The gentle tulip-based flavor he smelled now had always struck Nathan as conflicting with the sharp character of his sister-in-law who wore it.

Maryanne sidled up beside him. Her nervous gaze flicked around the room as if she was making sure no one—at least no one of importance—took notice of her lowering herself to talk with such a blackguard. As she was generally a composed lady, her strange behavior piqued his curiosity.

“Are you enjoying this evening?” he asked her, trying his best to not provoke an argument. “If you wish, I could fetch you a lemonade.”

She appeared faintly alarmed by his civil manner. After studying him for a long moment, she released a breath. “Thank you, but no,” she said.

He gave a nod. “The musicians are first-rate. The tension created by their rendition of Haydn’s The Creation nearly made me weep.”

Maryanne crossed her arms and frowned. “I assure you, I did not seek you out in order to discuss the quality of the orchestra.”

“I am but your servant, my lady. What do you wish of me?”

“The truth will suffice. If you can manage it.”

He merely raised a brow.

“What did you do?” she asked, her eyelids fluttering with agitation.

“What did I do when, my lady?”

“Today, today,” she snapped. “What did you do?”

He frowned as he thought for a moment. “What…did…I…do?” he asked slowly. “I did a goodly number of things. I doubt you want a recitation of my day however. Perhaps you should be more specific?”

“To him.” She waved her arm in a broad motion and then sighed deeply. “What did you do to upset him?”

He tried to discern whom she was indicating with that vague gesture. He spotted his father engaged in quite a heated discussion with the Master of Ceremonies. The Marquess’s round face was taking on a pinkish tinge. Mr. King listened with a sour expression twisting his lips while shifting from one foot to the other as if his pantaloons had suddenly shrunk several sizes.

His father often had such an effect on others. It was easy to imagine the list of complaints being thrust upon the hapless Master of Ceremonies. The music was likely too loud. The seats too hard. And the sandwiches dreadfully dry.

The last item Nathan felt tempted to complain about himself. He’d never tasted a worse sandwich in his life. Chewing on sand would have been more enjoyable.

“The Marquess does appear to be in a bit of a temper,” he admitted. “But there is nothing unusual about that, is there?”

“Are you being purposefully obtuse?” she demanded.

For the second time that evening he was being accused of such a crime, which made him wonder—was he being purposefully obtuse?

“I do not believe so,” he concluded. “My mind has certainly been crowded with many matters lately. I would be surprised if I were able to keep them all straight.”

“Edward,” she said with a huff. “Edward has been acting damnably odd all day. I vow I caught him pouting in the upstairs parlor while downing a whiskey. He never drinks whiskey. I cannot imagine what has gotten into him. So tell me, Nathan, what…did…you…do?”

“I have not even spoken to my brother today.”

Maryanne tapped her toe on the marble floor and glared.

“Believe what you will, my lady,” he said and slashed a hand through the air. “You will anyhow. Nothing I could say will change that.”

“You must have done something, for when I questioned him he blamed you for his ending up in the dumps.”

“Indeed?”

“Said you were trying to ruin his life,” she insisted, which was rich considering all Nathan had done to protect his brother over the years.

“I assure you, madam,” he said sharply, “Edward is doing a fine job making himself miserable all on his own.” He pushed away from the post he’d been leaning against. “Good evening to you.”

Maryanne grabbed his arm. “Is his recent mood somehow connected with Miss Posey Hartfield? Is her death somehow coming back to haunt him?” she whispered the question.

The blood drained from his head at the mention of Miss Hartfield’s name. He pried her fingers from his arm and then tugged on his waistcoat while trying to hold onto his detached, devil-may-care demeanor. “Ancient tragedies are best left in the past,” he said. “Good evening.”

The musicians began tuning their instruments again, signaling the approach of the concert’s second half. Nathan didn’t intend to stay.

His nerves were growing too sharp. He wouldn’t be able to remain beneath the ton’s disapproving glares and hope to hold onto his sanity. Everyone in the room, save for Iona, appeared to be watching him with an overly eager attentiveness. One mistake on either Iona’s or his part could thrust their secret relationship into society’s bright glare.

He made a quick detour to the punch bowl. One question needed to be answered before he could rush out into the night.

“I hope you are pleased with yourself,” Edward said before Nathan had gotten much beyond a pleasant greeting. “She is leaving in the morning.”

Nathan didn’t dare hope his brother was referring to his actress-turned-mistress.

“She says she doesn’t want to see me ever again,” Edward said before Nathan could ask. “I assume this is your doing of course.”

“I assure you it is not. This is the talented Miss Darly we are speaking about?”

“Who else!” Edward winced at his own outburst. He lowered his voice considerably. “The music is starting. It’s time we return to our seats.”

“I am leaving. Please offer Mother and Father a good evening for me,” he said as he headed toward the door. A bit of satisfaction quickened his step. Miss Darly must have come to her senses, clever girl. She was leaving Bath—and Edward—in the morning and it hadn’t cost him a dime.

And Iona…

He paused at the door and turned around to take one last look. The orchestra had started. The first few strains of Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata were filling the space with a deep range of minor chords that conjured images of the dark night sky despite the brightly lit chandeliers above him. He spotted Iona near the front of the audience. She’d leaned back in her chair, her head tilted to one side, her eyes closed. She appeared to have lost herself within the sensual language of the notes.

Her delicate features might not rival the stunning beauty of her sister’s but there was a quiet calm surrounding Iona that enticed Nathan like none other. What in blazes was he going to do about her?

* * * *

He hadn’t even seemed to notice the change. Iona pounded her pillow and tossed in her bed until her linens tangled her into submission.

At first he’d sat so close that his honey and pine scent had threatened to melt her into a puddle on the floor. Unable to speak a word with him or exchange even a passing glance for fear of betraying the tumultuous emotions tumbling through her body, she’d been forced to suffer through the first half of the concert with her back pressed into the ladder-backed chair while biting the inside of her cheek in order to ensure her rage remained silent.

Nathan’s presence had so filled the room she hadn’t heard one note of music until after the intermission. His abrupt disappearance from the tearoom was worse than his sitting far too close and tempting her senses to distraction in the first place.

Oh, he didn’t leave the concert right away either. She had sensed his lingering presence all too easily. The bounder had stood off to one side. Having sought out the shadows, he had leaned against a cursed post as if his strength was needed to hold up the entire building. And never once had he seen fit to look her way.

She could have stripped off her gown and he probably still would have kept his gaze trimmed on some faraway point high on the ceiling.

It was infuriating… He was infuriating.

She hadn’t expected to make the world come to an end with her newfound confidence. But a little recognition, a comment here or there would have been appreciated.

And not just from Nathan. No one seemed to take any notice of her sudden change in personality. Not one brow had been raised by the reckless way she’d held her glass, or that she’d eaten a piece of teacake without first removing her gloves.

Only Mr. Harlow seemed to be conscious of her actions and she already knew the reason for his single-minded attentiveness only too well. He wanted to seduce her. She could read the heat of his longing in the way his shifty green gaze roamed all over her body.

She was a wealthy prize worthy to be won by him, wasn’t that what he had claimed?

She abused her pillow some more.

Tomorrow she would simply have to be more direct.

Her cousin would soon be in Bath. If she didn’t learn how to express her passions in a more forceful manner she would find herself married to him in short order. Tomorrow, at the Victory Gala, she would have to do something spectacular. A stunt so daring that no one, not even Nathan, would dare think of her as the obedient daughter ever again.

A tear slipped down her cheek. Since she’d never done anything like this before, she had no way of knowing if her family’s love could withstand the stress of her willful disobedience.

Despite the uncertainty, she knew that if she were going to chase after her dreams, she would have to risk everything, including her family.

A terrible gamble to be sure. But to do nothing, to continue to live a lie, she risked losing something even more vital—she risked losing herself.





Chapter Sixteen

The rumors were getting out of hand. Everyone in Bath seemed to be dissecting Nathan’s every move, in search of a clue, no matter how small, to this mysterious young lady he supposedly ruined.

The worst of it came just that morning when three young ladies followed him down the street, giggling and pointing and making a general nuisance of themselves. Because of them, he was forced to cancel a discreet visit to Jane’s apartment.

Instead he dashed off a note to her, begging her pardon and promising that he would present her with an answer to her proposal at tonight’s Victory Gala.

What he planned to tell her, he didn’t know.

Every reasonable bone in his body told him to accept fate and marry her. She was comely and rich and seemed fond of him.

With his family growing more distant every day and Iona more daring, he knew he needed to make a change in his life and soon. Staying in Bath promised to become unbearable.

Knowing that Iona was going to attend the Victory Gala, along with the rest of Bath, nagged at him like an irritating itch. She had promised to allow him to escort her.

But now that would be impossible. Society was watching him too closely, waiting anxiously to attach a name to the mysterious young lady he reportedly ruined.

He had ruined her. And he wanted to do the right thing. He wanted to marry her. He didn’t understand why she continued to refuse him. Perhaps she was ashamed of his reputation. She’d come to him because he was considered a dangerous rogue and because she was bored and looking for a bit of adventure. He’d obliged her only too well. She was lucky to have escaped with her good name intact, even if she had lost her innocence along the way. He should hate himself for taking that from her but, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t make himself regret the one night they had shared. He only regretted that he was going to have to face a lifetime of lonely nights without Iona.

Any kind of future, especially marriage, appeared to be impossible for the two of them. His reputation was far too stained. He’d once thought Iona’s proper manners and pristine family name could save him. But he now understood that to link her name with his would bring her only unhappiness. He had nothing to offer a lady but social ruin.

If he loved her, he was going to have to let her go.

* * * *

Nothing short of perfection would do for what Iona had planned for this evening. She’d already decided to wear her best gown, a vivid Sardinian blue crepe dress with an empire waist and a bodice studded with shimmering crystals. The neckline plunged daringly low and the back was nearly indecently bare.

While the steely blue ribbon she owned might have gone well with the simple willow green cotton walking dress Iona was presently wearing, it lacked a certain flair.

And flair was what she needed for tonight. Not only was she plotting to prove to society that she wasn’t a wilting flower, she also planned to attempt her first seduction.

With that in mind, she returned to Mrs. Langdon’s Milliner and Fabric Shop on Milsom Street. Lillian and Amelia were only too happy to accompany her.

Mrs. Langdon, a tiny woman with her white hair tucked up in a tight bun and wearing a sturdy high-collared tobacco brown dress, paused in front of Iona. She’d been rushing from one end of the counter with her arms piled with a variety of cream and blush colored laces.

“If you are looking for something special, my lady,” Mrs. Langdon said, giving an easy smile that never failed to remind Iona of her own overly generous grandmother, “I believe I might have just the ribbon.” Much to the chagrin of the rest of the patrons, she set aside the laces in her arms and disappeared below the counter. When she reemerged, a length of iridescent silver ribbon was drawn reverently across her stiff fingers. The sight of it took Iona’s breath away.

The ribbon glistened like nothing she’d ever seen and once seeing it, she knew no other hair ribbon would do.

“It is lovely,” Lillian said, her bonnet bouncing as she tried to snatch the ribbon out of Mrs. Langdon’s grasp. “I will take a yard as well.”

“I am sorry, my dear Lady Lillian, but this is all I have,” Mrs. Langdon said, spilling the metallic ribbon into Iona’s gloved hands for her to inspect.

“But I must have it!” Lillian insisted. Her lips trembled and her eyelashes fluttered. Iona recognized the warning signs. Her sister was on the verge of throwing a royal tantrum, which was cause enough for alarm.

Only a month ago, Lillian had shrieked like a madwoman when their father refused to purchase an expensive bolt of lavender silk she’d insisted she simply could not live without. Though the material would have made a lovely dress, her father’s refusal over the cost was nothing to lose one’s temper over.

Nor was this ribbon.

Unfortunately Lillian rarely shared Iona’s opinion on such matters. A nervous grin plastered itself to Miss Amelia Harlow’s thinning lips as she pretended to be engrossed in a nearby display of bonnets. The girl’s fingers trembled as she ran them over one of the bonnets’ pink-and-white-striped banding. Even Mrs. Langdon appeared to be holding her breath, waiting for what promised to be a horrendous explosion.

With a huff, Iona started to hand over the enchanting ribbon. Perhaps it would be better to do without than to let her sister embarrass the family in front of such a large crowd. Was that not how things were expected to go?

“No,” she said and surprised even herself. “I will purchase this ribbon. It will work well with my gown.”

She would not give in to her sister’s terror tactics. Her adventures had taught her one thing—her desires were important too.

“Lillian, compose yourself,” she said sternly and gave her sister a sharp pinch. “There are plenty of other ribbons. You do not need mine.”

Closing her eyes for a moment, she waited for the world to collapse all around Lillian’s temperamental head. What happened though, Iona could only describe as a miracle. Lillian did not shriek or scream. Though her quivery lips continued to tremble, she held her chin as stiffly as Iona had ever seen, and she kept silent.

For the first time in a very long time, Iona reveled in the power of her own voice. She’d stood up for herself. And her wishes had been heard.

It appeared her rogue’s lessons had indeed had a positive impact. If only she could be as forceful with her parents. Perhaps, with practice, things would change.

Her heart fluttered as she paid Mrs. Langdon’s assistant for the ribbon and waited for the overtaxed miss to wrap it in a paper package.

Tonight was indeed going to be spectacular.

* * * *

Nathan waited underneath a cedar tree across the patio from the Sydney Hotel and watched the finely garbed ladies and gentlemen as they entered Sydney Gardens.

Two orange oriental lanterns bounced on their strings in the trees several feet above the top of his shiny beaver hat. Tiny bells attached to the lanterns tinkled in the light breeze.

A few bright stars appeared high in the sky as twilight sank into the night. The dimming of sunlight welcomed the return of the midnight shadows where the most delicious and dangerous secrets hid.

He inhaled the cooling air. Thanks to Iona, he’d found a renewed appreciation for the darkness. A wry smile crept onto his mouth when he spotted her. She was with her family of course. With her arm threaded through her sister’s, she strolled onto the patio, smiling and nodding to acquaintances.

He blinked heavily. She was certainly not the same young innocent he’d taken for a dip in the King’s Bath. The gown she wore looked nothing like her usual virginal white muslins.

The swooping back of the crystal-studded blue gown dipped lower than anything he’d seen even the most daring paramours wear to a demimonde ball.

Her blonde hair had been swooped up off her neck to add to the illusion that her bare skin went on forever. His mouth suddenly turned dry and a searing heat beat in his chest when he noticed how other gentlemen were also being drawn to her erotic beauty.

How in blazes, in a little more than a week’s time, had she transformed from the blushing schoolgirl he’d met in front of the Lower Assembly Rooms into this seductress gliding across the patio with a slow, confident stride?

Perhaps the change came from her learning something about the magic of midnight secrets firsthand. It worried him how she seemed to crave the same reckless excitement he’d once let consume his life.

From across the patio, their eyes met. Though her brows flattened and her lips thinned, she didn’t look through him or pretend he didn’t exist. Far from it in fact. After a stunned moment, she tilted her head in greeting and lifted a brow as if his humble presence somehow amused her.

He groaned. He was right in thinking he needed to get away from Bath. The sooner the better. To be near her like this and yet not able to have her was going to drive him mad.

Iona clutched her hands to her chest, suddenly unable to breathe. Dressed in a fashionable long-tailed coat of a deep London-smoke shade, he did just that, he took her breath away.

A cursed nuisance.

His coat’s cut had been tailored to conform to his body with glove-like precision. The superfine material stretched with even the barest movement, Iona was only too aware. His breeches, midnight black—a color she was beginning to consider her favorite—were just as formfitting. He wore black leather pumps, shoes appropriate for the finest celebrations and courtly visits.

His shirt, his cascading cravat and the pearls of his teeth gleamed white, sharp contrasts to the dark colors draping the rest of his body. But it wasn’t any of these things that robbed her of her ability to breathe. He could have been dressed in rags and the seductive heat of his gaze would still have accomplished that feat all on its own.

“Our box is ready,” Amelia said quietly, taking Iona’s hand in hers. “We wouldn’t want anyone to wonder who has brought such color to your cheeks. Not tonight, anyhow, not during the Victory Gala.”

Flanked by her family and with Amelia holding her hand, she allowed herself to be led away. It took a basket stuffed with willpower to keep herself from glancing over her shoulder to see if his shimmering gaze followed her.

He’d never asked for her attentions, she reminded herself. She had been the one who’d pursued him. Nor had he ever vowed to be faithful. The prickling pain beating through her heart was of her own making.

My own making. And this was where it had started, she thought as she followed her family to the dining box her father had rented.

Oh yes, it had all begun here, in Sydney Gardens, when she’d shamelessly cornered Nathan in the labyrinth and wrested from him an agreement to teach her how to become more like him. And tonight she was wearing the bold silver ribbon in her hair in honor of his lessons. She fingered the shimmering ribbon and tossed a parting glance over her shoulder.

If he could read her mind, she was sure he’d be proud of her defiantly wicked thoughts.

* * * *

“I don’t know why you insist on staying. All this milling about is frightfully dull,” Jane murmured. Her warm breath tickled Nathan’s ear. “Activities designed for only two are infinitely more pleasurable, don’t you agree?”

Nathan shrugged. He was struggling to pay Jane the attention she deserved tonight. If anyone asked him to describe her dress, he would have been stumped. His gaze kept trailing over to Iona.

The ton’s newly emerged butterfly had spent the first hour with her family in their private dining box. She’d nibbled on a sandwich and sipped a drink, leaving much of her dinner untouched. Despite Miss Harlow and Lady Lillian’s efforts to engage her in conversation, Iona kept herself apart.

Her back arched delicately when she leaned to one side to listen to something her mother was saying. While the rest of the family chuckled, Iona merely bit her deliciously full bottom lip and nodded.

Nathan recognized the source of her distraction. The look that darkened her brow was nearly identical to the stubborn expression that had underscored her determination in the labyrinth when she’d threatened to go to either Talbot or Harlow if he refused to give her rogue’s lessons.

What in blazes was she planning to do now?

As if she’d somehow heard his thoughts, she glanced up and brushed him with a gaze as soft as a feathery caress against his cheek.

Just watch, her eyes seemed to say.

“Are you deliberately ignoring me?” Jane asked. “I said do you have an answer yet?”

“Oh, Jane,” he said, unable to decide whether he should follow his heart or his head with this one. Both held the promise of misery.

He took her hand in his and patted it.

Iona stood and wandered away from her family’s dining box with her sister, Miss Harlow and the young miss’s foppish brother following along. Mr. Harlow took Iona’s gloved hand. After pressing it to his cheek in an overly possessive move, he whispered something in her ear.

Her smile faded. She jerked away from Harlow, turned her head and glared directly at Nathan.

I see, Nathan watched her lips say.

Harlow said something else to her and tried to direct her toward a vacated dining box but she resisted.

“Well?” Jane said, frost forming in her voice. “You’re not the only gentleman in England, you know. I need an answer from you. Will you or will you not marry me?”

Take Jane as a wife and give up his impossible quest of winning Iona’s heart?

She’s not for you. Iona’s mother’s blunt declaration still haunted him. Society didn’t believe him worthy of Iona. Hell, he didn’t believe himself worthy of her.

Even so, those would be hurdles he’d be willing to struggle over if he knew—really knew—that he could one day win over her overly generous heart. He wished there weren’t so many questions surrounding their relationship. And he couldn’t even get close to Iona without running the risk of ruining her.

He sighed, his gaze traveling back to Jane. She was a lovely woman. A stunning beauty. With her, he knew where he stood. And since his heart had never been engaged in their relationship, he also knew he’d be safe.

No risks. No heartaches. Financial freedom as an added bonus. And his father’s acceptance. What more could an unrepentant rake hope for?

“I-I-I suppose we would be happy together,” he said.

And then he noticed Iona, looking as dangerous as a wild filly, taking a straight path toward them.

Her hips swayed from side-to-side and there was an angry bounce in her stride. The gaze she’d locked onto him burned so hot, so fierce Nathan considered making a cowardly retreat.

And he might have run too if Jane hadn’t tossed her arms around his neck and, despite them standing in the middle of a crowd, pressed her lips to his.

“I am pleased,” Iona’s voice sliced through him.

He peeled Jane’s arms from his neck to face his tormenter.

“Ah, here is your little emotional creature,” Jane purred into his ear. “Do you think she is going to make a scene? Perhaps she’ll have the courage to strike you this time.”

Iona curled her hands into a pair of fists and bared her teeth with an unfriendly smile. “Not unless you force me to, Mrs. Sharpes,” she said with royal grace. “I came only to congratulate Lord Nathan on his marriage plans. I am pleased that you have found the love of your life, my lord.”

She didn’t sound at all happy though.

“Please, don’t do this here.” Tearing him down in front of Bath society would accomplish nothing. She would only hurt herself.

“You played the game too well, Lord Nathan.” She stabbed at him with her voice. “Trifled with me as if you cared…as if you were…were…my friend.”

“You don’t understand—” he started to say.

“I understand well enough. I have eyes and ears and a brain that is clever enough to figure out what you were trying to do,” she said. “And Mr. Harlow filled in the rest.”

“The rest?” He damned Harlow to hell and back for causing this trouble for Iona. He’d underestimated how far Harlow would go to win her hand. Not even in his darkest dreams had he imagined that a gentleman—save for himself—would stoop as low as to break Iona’s precious heart.

“If you were merely interested in making an impressive marriage to—” Her voice cracked. “You should have confided in me. I would have gladly helped you in your scheme. Instead of trusting me, you cruelly used me. For that, I’ll never forgive you.”

“Has your little playmate gone mad?” Jane fluttered her hands through the air, trying to shoo Iona away. “What nonsense is she talking about?”

“Oh, don’t pretend you don’t know,” Iona said.

“Don’t pretend?” Jane drew back. “Nat, do something. Send your little friend away. I have never liked her. She is neat as nine-pence, too perfect. Clinging to her father’s title. Without it, she doesn’t have even a drop of personality to hold one’s interest.”

“Now Jane—” he started to say.

“Is that what you think of me, Nathan?” Iona demanded, her pretty temper flaring.

“That is what everyone thinks of you,” Jane said with an air of authority.

Of course nothing could be more off the mark. Iona’s unpredictable and vivacious spirit held his interests only too firmly.

“Jane, no,” he said as Jane turned up her nose and latched onto his arm as if she owned him. “You have gone too far. Apologize to Lady Iona.”

“Leave us be, my lady,” Jane said, refusing to do anything of the sort. Thinking back on it, he really never knew Jane to apologize—not really. “Go back to your high-stickler world and let the rest of us have a bit of fun.”

“Not until I’ve had my say.” Iona lowered her voice a degree and pushed Jane aside.

Nathan knew he needed to do something before the two ended up scratching each other’s eyes out. But what? His thoughts jumbled in his head. What could he say without making matters worse?

Iona didn’t give him any time to think. With the devil in her eye and her fists planted on her hips, she advanced on him. “Do you truly have nothing to say to defend yourself? No explanation at all? Not even another lie?”

Standing toe-to-toe with her like that, he could feel her raw anger trembling through her willowy frame as if it were his own. For her protection, he needed to put an end to this confrontation right away.

They couldn’t be seen together, not like this. Not when society was on the hunt to find his mysterious lady so they could tear apart her reputation.

It pained him to say, “I am simply who I am, my lady. I humbly apologize if I did anything to lead you to believe I was anything better.”

Her cheeks flushed with a bright blush as she drew her hand back. Nathan saw the blow coming.

“I trusted you.” Her open palm slammed against the side of his face. The sharp slap seemed to echo up into the night sky. “I trusted you,” she repeated softly, “and yet you are like all the others. You lied to me, twisting my feelings all around until I didn’t know up from down.”

She blinked up at him as if challenging him to tell her that she was wrong. But God, she wasn’t. There was no way he could defend himself against the truth. He’d deluded himself into thinking he was different from the other gentlemen chasing her. But like them, he’d pursued her, hoping to use her family name for his benefit. And worse, he’d tempted her tender heart in hopes of luring her into marriage.

Tears pooled in her cornflower blue eyes. The sight of them tore at his already battered heart. He wished to heaven he could understand what she wanted from him.

Hugging her arms against her chest, she looked hopelessly lost and alone and completely unapproachable. With a wounded sniff, she turned away from him and fought her way through the throng of curious faces that had closed around them.

Nathan rather wished she’d taken out a pistol and had shot him instead of running away like that. Taking a slug of lead in the chest would surely have been less painful than the blow he’d just taken to his heart.

* * * *

The first blast of fireworks ripped through the night air and exploded above Iona’s head. The lights from the explosion flickered like a swarm of fireflies. The crowd all around her murmured their excitement as they pressed closer toward the music. The band began playing a lively military march.

“Papa,” Iona shouted over the thundering music. She had to trot to catch up to him and the rest of her family as they too moved away from the dining boxes and toward the covered orchestra stand. The thump, thump, thump of the music echoed in her throbbing heart. She grabbed his hand. “Papa, I will not marry. You cannot dictate my future anymore, I will not allow it.”

The Duke stiffened. Though he must have felt the heavy press of stares from all around them, he made no show of noticing.

A great explosion shook the ground and sent a burst of red and golden light to brighten the night sky.

“Now is not the time,” he said, his lips barely moving.

She lowered her head. “Yes, of course you are correct—”

But then she snapped her gaze up. She tilted her head back so there was no doubt that he could see the fire of her conviction stamped on her features in the soft glow of the garden lanterns.

“But when is a proper time?” she asked and then held up a hand and answered her own question before he had a chance. “Never, that’s when. I have tried to have this conversation with you for the past two weeks and you have refused to listen to me.” She filled her chest with a deep breath. “You will hear me now.”

Lillian tugged on her arm. “Please,” she whispered, her cheeks deepening in color. “You are making another horrid scene.”

Iona batted her sister’s gloved hands away. “I do not care.”

Which was a lie. Her heart was beating so hard she worried that it might be ripped from her chest. To see her mama sucking in deep breaths and whimpering while clutching her heart threatened to spill the tears pooling in Iona’s eyes.

And the way her father stood, without moving so much as a muscle while he stared daggers at her, might have broken her resolve if her anger hadn’t matched his.

She supposed she had Nathan and his damnable mistress to thank for that. “I will be heard,” she said. “I apologize since you do not wish to listen, Papa, I truly do. But you must. I’m no longer your biddable child in this. You have to realize I am a woman grown with my own thoughts and needs.”

She swallowed deeply. The fireworks finale had begun, lightening the dark sky. “I will not marry,” she said, not letting the roar of colorful explosions drown out her words. “I will not marry Lord—anyone.”

“What in blazes are you talking about?” Lillian shouted. “No one is forcing you to do anything of the sort. You don’t even have any marriage offers. Once again you spurned them all at the end of the season, remember?”

“For once in your life, hush, Lillian,” Iona ordered.

With a jolt, Lillian’s mouth snapped shut.

“Did you hear me, Papa?” she asked very slowly. “Do you understand what I am saying? Unlike what some spiteful ladies think of me, I’m not at all a dull withering flower. I have a host of dreams for my future and none of them include marriage. None. Of. Them.” Her thoughts trailed off to Nathan and the way his sophisticated mistress had sneered at her.

He hadn’t broken her heart. How could he?

“I have never and will never have any plans to marry. I. Will. Not. Marry.”

The Duke didn’t move. He didn’t even blink. He simply glared.





Chapter Seventeen

“Ah,” Nathan said. A malicious smile curled his lips. “Just the bastard I’ve been searching for.”

Harlow backed himself up until the heels of his boots knocked against a partition that separated the garden’s dining boxes from the Sydney Hotel.

“I-I already told Lady Iona and her mother, the Duchess, that I would leave her alone,” Harlow stuttered. In the brief flash of the fireworks, Nathan caught a glimpse of the stark terror paling Harlow’s features. “Her secrets are safe with me, I vow it.”

Nathan was unmoved. “But, you see, the damage is already done.” He cracked a knuckle. “You were a little too anxious to put a wedge between us, weren’t you?”

Harlow whimpered when Nathan cracked another knuckle.

“Well?” Nathan said, his anger growing. “Your need to win her overshadowed both her tender feelings and her reputation?”

“She wasn’t supposed to become all emotional and confront you,” Harlow spat out. “I swear it. I only wanted her to know the truth.”

“The truth?”

“That she shouldn’t hold out for you since your heart was already taken. That you were in love with Mrs. Sharpes. That you used her to create a host of lurid rumors about your involvement with someone new in order to lure Mrs. Sharpes into accepting your marriage proposal.”

Good God that was what Harlow had said to Iona?

“So you didn’t tell Lady Iona that I’d been working just as hard as the rest of you sorry sops trying to win her hand in marriage?” He wasn’t sure whether to beat Harlow into the ground or give him a friendly pound on the back.

“Lawks, no. I’d lose any chance at her if she suspected you actually wanted her. Haven’t you noticed the way she lights up whenever you come around?” Harlow sighed. “How is a man supposed to compete with that?”

“I wonder,” he grumbled, not willing to let the glimmer of hope that was knocking on his chest access to his heart, “if that is true, then why does she continue to reject me at every turn?”

“If you don’t know, then why would the rest of us?” Lady Lillian huffed. She’d appeared at his side from out of nowhere and tugged on his arm. “And there isn’t time for all this gabbing. We’ll all be in a terrible coil if you don’t come and do something. My fool sister has just blistered Papa’s ears, declaring she’s determined not to marry anyone—ever. And then she marched off into the gardens only to be followed by your ghastly Mrs. Sharpes.” Lillian paused only long enough to suck in a quick breath. “Iona has a hard look in her eye, Lord Nathan. I’m afraid she’ll take a strip of Mrs. Sharpes’ hide if someone doesn’t put a stop to it.”

* * * *

Nathan caught sight of Iona near the eerily lit castle ruin that sat on a rise in the middle of the garden. The crystals on her gown sparkled in the reflected glow of the colorful luminaries hanging from the trees. And the pale spectral candles burning from the depths of the carefully aged stones cast an otherworldly light on her frighteningly stricken features.

Just as Lillian had claimed, Jane trailed Iona by several paces.

“I say,” a finely dressed elderly gentleman drawled to his lady companion as Nathan passed them, “what is all that fuss over there about?”

“Isn’t that the Duke of Newbury’s daughter dashing up those steps like some hoyden?” the lady on his arm replied. She straightened her lavender silk turban. “I cannot understand what has possessed the child tonight. She is usually such a quiet and demure child.”

The gentleman squinted through an eyeglass. “Shameful that,” he said and then tutted. “Youth these days have no regard for good manners.”

If that conversation were any indication, come morning, Iona’s odd behavior would be the talk of Bath. Which meant that all of Nathan’s efforts to protect her over the past several days, including bruising her heart and her pride, would have been for naught.

Unless…

Perhaps he could deflect attention away from her by creating an even more spectacular scene with Jane. By the time a plan had formed in his mind, he’d broken out into a full run.

“Jane,” he said as he caught his mistress’s arm. “We need to talk.”

“Yes, we do,” Jane said bitterly. “Our engagement is off. I was trying to catch up with your precious Lady Iona to tell her that she is welcome to you. It is obvious you are much more interested in her than me. How she can believe otherwise, I cannot imagine.”

For the second time that evening, a lovely lady slapped him across the face with surprising strength. He stumbled back a step.

“My pardon?” he said, feeling somewhat dazed.

“You are not the first man in my life,” Jane said, biting off the words. “I know men’s hearts. You are besotted with her.”

He was besotted, that was true. But merely accepting that he was in love with Iona didn’t mean he could have her.

“I will not be a second choice,” Jane declared. “I had thought you might make a good mate. I stand corrected. There are other men in my life who also want and need the money and lands marriage to me would provide. Goodbye, Nat. I wish you and Lady Iona a miserable time together.”

Nathan tried to stop Jane from pulling away but she resisted. “Do not worry about my heart. I assure you it’s not the least bit broken,” she said coolly.

He might have been insulted by her lack of feeling if he weren’t so wrapped up with worry that his errant pupil was about to do something irrevocably stupid.

“I am sorry, Jane,” he said and brushed a kiss on her cheek before dashing off after a fluttering blue corner of fabric as it disappeared into a darkened section of the gardens.

Quiet as a hushed morning breeze, Iona stole through the bushes. Nathan followed, hoping he might be able to shake some sense into her.

Seemingly unaware of his presence, she muttered softly to herself as she made a straight path to where the secluded, scandalous grotto was hidden beneath a thick growth of willow trees.

Someone had lit over two dozen candles and arranged them on the rim of the grotto’s archway. Wax dripped down the moss-covered stones, forming summer icicles over the entranceway to an underground passage that led to the labyrinth’s center.

Iona surveyed the romantic scene and, after turning full circle, sighed deeply.

“What is this?” Nathan asked as he emerged from the shadows of the trees. “What are you doing here?”

Iona gave a start. With a couple of deep breaths, she quickly gathered her composure. “Before everything changed, I’d arranged for these candles, hoping to set the perfect mood.” She closed the space between them and pressed her hands against his chest. “I had planned to lure you here to…” Her voice trailed off.

He didn’t wait for her to think about what she was doing or what she didn’t want to say. He swept her into his arms and took her mouth with a possessive kiss.

Her tongue tentatively sought his. Her daring move had the power to weave a spell around him. Forgetting everything that had happened that evening and the confounding way she seemed to spin his emotions, he drew her closer. There was only one thought on his mind when he cupped the back of her head. He answered her unschooled lust with a desire that flared so brightly it blinded his need to protect his already battered heart.

It didn’t matter that anyone could stumble upon them at any moment. Nor did he care to understand why she wasn’t pushing him away.

“My lovely seductress,” he whispered, tumbling even deeper under her spell. The world around him fell away until there was nothing but the feel of her against his body. “I am yours for the bidding.”

“Yours for the bidding?” She ripped away from his embrace with such force it felt like she’d torn a vital organ from his chest. All he could do for several moments was suck down deep breaths and try to untangle his suddenly dangerous emotions.

“What do you mean you are mine?” she asked.

“What do I mean?” he asked slowly. His jaw tightened.

“Oh, you vex me! You play the part of irresistible rogue only too well. When we’re alone, I can think of nothing other than how I might entice you to kiss and caress me.” She stomped her dainty foot. “But do not pretend I’m the only one you ply with those sultry midnight blue eyes and that sinfully tantalizing body. I know only too well that you cannot help yourself.”

“If this is about Jane—” he started to explain though in truth she didn’t deserve any sort of explanation.

“No, this is not about that cursed mistress you plan to marry. This is about you and me!” Her voice grew so shrill that it cracked.

“You and me?” He gave a frustrated laugh. “You and me? There isn’t a ‘you and me’. There never has been a ‘you and me’, as you’ve made only too painfully clear. There is only you playing with my heart. There is only you making me into your damnable puppet.”

“You are wrong. I have never—”

He grabbed her shoulders and gave her a little shake. “You have and you do! What is this game you’ve playing with me about?” He gently shook her again. “What in blazes do you want from me?”

Tears sprang to her eyes. “I only wanted a friend.”

His grip on her shoulders tightened and he pressed his nose to hers. “So you claim! But you act as if you’re searching for a lover.” He crushed his lips to hers with a bruising kiss. “I’m only too willing to oblige on both accounts as long as you are willing to become my wife.”

“I-I can’t.”

“Why, damn it? Am I not good enough for you? Is my reputation too tarnished for England’s most pristine lady? Am I only good enough for trifling with in the dark and in the bushes?”

“No,” she insisted, shaking her head fervently, “that’s not it at all.”

“Then why? Why seek me out, making me feel as if I can hold the world on my shoulders, only to knock me down with your next breath?” His head grew cold in anticipation of her answer. If it wasn’t his reputation that was scaring her away, then it could only be one other thing.

Something over which he had no control.

As the lofty daughter of a duke, she was looking higher than the marriage to a worthless second son. Marriage to a damned spare.

Nathan feared the worst when she shook her head, sniffling while refusing to answer.

“After what you have put me through, I deserve the truth,” he said.

She pulled out of his grasp and turned away from him. “I told my father this evening I do not wish to marry. That he has no right to force me.”

Candlelight flickered through her shimmering blonde hair. This should have been a scene for a grand seduction and yet she stood with her back to him. He stood still, his heart growing more impatient as he waited for her to explain why she was toying with his affections.

“It’s not that I don’t want you,” she said at last with a sigh. “But marriage—it’s so confining. I have dreams of my own. Desires I wish to pursue. If I marry, I will have to set them all aside and become my husband’s helpmeet. His life and his desires would drown out my own. With a husband in my life, I’d never be given the freedoms to follow my passions and become a sculptress. In this world, a lady has to make a choice between marriage and scholarly pursuits. I’m choosing my art.”

He took her hand and turned her back toward him. “It doesn’t have to be that way. With the right man, anything is possible.”

“Yes, with the right man…” She shook her head and gave a pained laugh. “But, you see, I don’t really have a choice when it comes to my marriage. My father has already arranged an engagement for me. Though I’ve tried to tell him as forcefully as possible how unhappy I am with his choice, I fear it is for naught.”

A blade of ice sliced through his heart.

She was already engaged? Even from the beginning he never had a chance with her? She should have told him. She should have saved him from hoping. Saved him from the pain.

“I took your virginity.”

“I had hoped there would be some way out of this engagement my father has arranged.” She shrugged. “There isn’t.”

“Do you realize what you’ve done? I took your virginity, dammit.”

“I know,” she whispered and squeezed her eyes closed.

“Who is he?”

“My cousin, Lord Byron Lovington,” she tossed the name out without realizing how deeply this was hurting him. “The betrothal will be publicly announced shortly after Byron arrives in Bath in two days’ time. Mama has already planned a grand dinner party and musicale. Your family is invited.”

He never had any hope of winning her? The realization slammed like a hammer into his chest. He looked around him, the soft glow of romance in the grotto melted into something cheap and ugly.

“You should have told me this a long time ago.” He played her games and done her bidding with the hope, the insane hope, that she might agree to become his wife, that her spotless reputation could heal his. And, just perhaps, bring him closer to his family.

Instead he’d fallen to a new low. He prided himself for having some standards. Poaching on another man’s preserves had always been off-limits.

Always.

If he’d known that she was fated for Lovington, he wouldn’t have taken her to the King’s Bath or urged her to strip off her gown. And he certainly wouldn’t have taken her back to his apartment or let her talk him into bringing her to his bed.

“You used me to hurt your father?”

Her delicate brows furrowed. “No, I—”

“No? You pulled me deeper into hell because you were looking for a little bit of fun, a meaningless affair before your marriage?”

“Nathan, no—”

“Did you ever care for me or what horrors might happen to me if our relationship was discovered? Was this all a game to you? And was I your pawn?”

She reached up and clapped her hand over his mouth.

“No, none of that is true. I came to you because I was scared and in need of a friend.” She rested her head against his chest. “I still need a friend.”

It was not a feeling of friendship that made him pull her back into his arms or take possession of her mouth. She’d played a dangerous game with him. Why not act the part society had cast for him, the part of untrustworthy rogue? No matter how hard he fought against it, there seemed to be no escaping his fate.

For that, Iona would suffer the consequences.

When he had her panting for his kisses, he lowered her to a patch of soft grass. She clung to him like a desperate kitten and pawed at his coat buttons as she tried to bury herself in the gentle folds of his shirt.

The part of him still furious with her let her struggle with getting his coat off his shoulders. It wasn’t until she’d managed to free his shirttails from his breeches so she could stroke his bare chest that his blazing anger began to dim.

In her haste to rediscover the feel of him, she brushed up against the hard bulge in his pants. Her eyes grew wide as her gaze traveled down the length of his body and landed on him there.

“Oh,” she breathed. Her legs instinctively parted as she squirmed underneath him.

His mouth went dry as he considered claiming, for a second time, another man’s prize. Why should he torture himself? If this was what everyone expected of him, why in blazes was he denying himself the pleasure?

This was what he wanted. God, he wanted her willing body almost more than he wanted life.

“Oh, indeed,” he agreed and dipped his head to kiss her. He slid his hand up her thigh, bunching the skirt of her dress and chemise until they were hiked up around her waist.

This was how he had wished to have her the first time. All feminine softness in her woman’s finery.

She moaned into his mouth when his roaming fingers bushed the apex of her silky legs. As he rocked against her thigh, he carefully slipped a finger into her tight, damp opening. She sucked in a breath, pulling his tongue into her mouth. She suckled him as he showed her again the motions of lovemaking.

He groaned. He was going to lose his mind, touching her so intimately, while knowing she wasn’t his. That this magical moment was but a stolen illusion.

Her hips rose and fell in response to his deep strokes. They moved as one and, for one thrilling moment, she again belonged to him and he to her. With her, he was finally complete. Happy.

Her velvety flesh tightened around his finger and she rolled her head back and breathlessly cried out.

He was feeling rather breathless himself. And hard as hell.

She was panting softly from the pleasure he’d just given her while clinging to his chest. He worked on unfastening the flap of his breeches. One more button and he would be free to slip into her and claim her again for himself.

Though he may not be able to marry her, she would forever be seared as his. Perhaps he’d even let his seed spill into her womb this time.

Biting off a disgusted oath, Nathan slammed his fist into the ground.

Unlike that sensual night in the King’s Bath, it wasn’t his honor that stopped him but his deep regard for her. He couldn’t send her to her future marriage bed pregnant. She might not realize it now but he knew her well enough to know she’d be humiliated by the daunting and rather graphic conversation that was already going to take place the morning after her wedding night. Her future would only get worse if he didn’t stop himself. Immediately.

“Lovington is a damned lucky man,” he groaned as he tugged down her skirt.

“I’m not going to marry him. I’ll drown myself in the Avon first.”

He dropped down on his back in the grass beside her. “No, you won’t.”

“You’re right, I won’t. But I will get myself out of this marriage.”

“That’s my lovely rogue, willing to do what you have to do to survive. You know, you could always marry me.”

“I cannot do that,” she whispered and then drew a line of kisses on his neck. “I don’t plan to marry anyone.”

“Not even Lovington?”

“He’s so…so much like my father.” She kissed him. “Regimented.” She kissed him again. “Tame. He’s not you.”

Nathan gathered her into his arms and hugged her. Bright, twinkling stars filled the night sky. The night air was turning cool.

His heart ached for her. She was too innocent to realize that she’d damned herself by confronting him so publicly. Her reputation was already in tatters. Her family would have no choice but to quickly marry her off. To remain unwed would only prove more damaging to her name than a hasty wedding.

He hugged her even closer.

“Do you remember the lesson I taught you while we walked along the canal?” He felt her nod her head. Her hair tickled his chin.

“I remember how you wouldn’t kiss me even though I dearly wanted your lips on mine.”

His breath trembled in his throat. “That wasn’t the lesson.”

“I suppose not,” she said.

“I wanted you to know that no matter what the situation, it is up to you to make your own adventure, to live your own life.”

She propped herself up on her elbow. “If that is the case, how can I agree to marry anyone? How can I possibly hope to live my own life—to have the freedom to become a sculptress—when I’d be duty-bound to a husband?”

“How can it be otherwise, love? You can never really control your fate. No one can. Sometimes you just have to take the lumps it gives you and deal with it the best way you know how. Lord knows, my life is far from ideal but I forged my own path using what little I’ve been given.” He gently squeezed her hand. “You will too. That is what living is all about.”

“But—”

“Do you think I chose to have my family turn their backs on me? Or wanted to ever hear my father curse my very existence?”

“Oh, Nathan…” Iona stroked his cheek. He pushed her hand away. Confessing the pain that he’d hidden away for all these years was going to be difficult enough. He’d never talked about this to anyone. Never had wanted to before. But she needed to hear this. She needed to know that she too could make a life out of any circumstance.

“I was never good enough for him,” he said. “No matter what I did, the Marquess found fault in it. For a while, I was invisible to him. The forgotten second son. That was before my reputation took a turn for the worse and it forced him to notice me.”

She crawled into his arms and rested her head on his chest. Somehow she seemed to know that he needed to feel her against his heart in order to bear the pain. She’d been his hope for the future. And now it seemed he was losing that too. Like her, he would have to fight to survive the heartache and harsh disappointment.

“Never, not even in the darkest times, did I let those horrible things I couldn’t control keep me from pursuing my dreams—even when success seemed impossible. No matter what happened, I never once stopped living my life.”

He wiped the tears from her cheeks, wishing that he could change their circumstances. He never wanted her to experience the hell he lived, never wanted her to know what it was like to look into her father’s eyes and only find disappointment. But that was how it was going to be. There was no changing what had happened earlier at the gala. Society wouldn’t wait to ask questions. Those who saw her emotional display would easily guess that she was the mysterious lady in Nathan’s life.

He knew from experience that she would be swiftly condemned, her name bandied about with peals of laughter, her reputation ripped to ribbons. Not even his marriage proposal could save her from the humiliation she was going to suffer once they left the quiet of this grotto. His worst fear had come true. He’d tainted the most precious love in his life.

“Promise me that one day you’ll forgive me, my sweet,” he whispered and held her tightly against his chest one last time. She would soon realize the difficult situation they were in. She would soon hate him for letting his battered reputation ruin hers. Soon there would no love left for him in her heart. Knowing that, he held onto her and savored the few precious moments they had left together.

The way his eyes glistened when he drew a slow breath and the regret she felt coming from him as he pulled away from her embrace added up to what felt like the most heart-shattering farewell Iona ever knew. She reached out, trying to draw him back. She wasn’t ready for this ending. She’d told him that she wouldn’t marry him. And she’d told him the truth. She didn’t want to trade her freedom for a husband. But he had opened her world and she needed him. Imagining a life without her free-spirited rogue felt as dry and empty as the vastest deserts she’d read about in the schoolroom.

“Please don’t leave me,” she barely managed to choke out over her tears.

He dipped his head and silenced her sob with a tender kiss.

“Don’t be sad, Iona. Even if I cannot have you in my arms tomorrow or tomorrow’s tomorrow, never forget that you will be here, my love,” he said, pressing her hand to the steady beat of his heart. “No matter what happens, you will always be with me.”

* * * *

The skirt of her gown was hopelessly creased and rumpled. More wrinkled than if she’d donned it straight from her wardrobe without letting her maid take it below stairs to first be pressed. Or perhaps her gown simply looked slept in.

Iona blushed at the thought. If anyone knew how much she’d enjoyed the intimate way Nathan had touched her, she’d be ruined. Utterly ruined. Even so, she couldn’t convince herself to feel a thimble’s worth of regret.

Truly the only emotion she could find tumbling around inside her was a heartbreaking sadness.

He had vowed she’d always be in his heart. She wasn’t sure she wanted that kind of eternal devotion.

If they couldn’t be together, he deserved to be free.

She clung to the strength of his hand and thought she should say something. She would have babbled like a flooded brook if there was the slightest chance her words could chase away the silent goodbye hovering in the stiff air between them.

He took a moment to reposition several of her hairpins before taking her hand again. They slipped through an opening in the thick hedge surrounding the secluded grotto and emerged on a winding garden path that would lead them back to the Sydney Hotel and the center of the festivities.

The band music grew ever louder as they strolled toward the gala. A steady, deep drumbeat filled her ears.

That was probably how the gossipy Mrs. Luxborough managed to round a corner and stumble upon them with Lady Pulteney and Mr. James King a mere step behind.

“Ho, there! What’s the meaning of this?” Iona heard her father’s demand before she saw him. He pushed his way through the thoroughly scandalized matrons who were blocking the path, their mouths gaping.

“I-I-I…” Iona stuttered. She tightened her grip on Nathan’s hand. Oh bugger, this was a disaster.

“I say,” Mrs. Luxborough breathed, “the timid Lady Iona and the wicked Lord Nathan mere steps away from the notorious grotto? I would have never guessed it.”

“It’s true,” Mr. Harlow crowed as he emerged from the darkness.

Lady Pulteney slowly clicked her tongue. “I daresay she fell under his seductive spell. His charms are supposedly irresistible. Could have happened to any young lady.”

“He’s a wolf,” Mrs. Luxborough charged.

“He’s nothing of the sort,” Iona protested.

The garden path suddenly felt impossibly crowded. Her gaze bounced from one unpleasant expression to the next. Her father, Mrs. Luxborough, Lady Pulteney, Mr. King, Mr. Harlow.

And at her father’s right appeared her cousin Byron. The bouquet of lilies he was holding with special care sank toward the ground.

Blast it, her cousin wasn’t supposed to get into Bath for another couple of days!

“I had hoped to surprise you, my treasure,” he said in response to her overlong stare.

Nathan peeled her hand from his and took several steps to one side. Doing his best to separate himself from her, she supposed.

“Papa, I—”

“I did what I thought best, poppet. I left you to your own devices. I gave you time,” her father choked out. His unblinking gaze was fixed on Nathan. “I gave you plenty of time to compose yourself after that emotional outburst.”

It took everything she had inside to raise her chin and say, “This changes nothing. What I told you, Papa, still stands. I don’t wish to marry anyone.”

Her father ground his jaw. “Mr. King, escort the ladies back to the gala.”

“Come along, my dear,” Lady Pulteney said and extended her hand to Iona.

Even if she had wanted to leave with the other ladies—and she didn’t—she couldn’t. Her feet seemed frozen in place.

Mrs. Luxborough shook her head sadly as she and Lady Pulteney followed Mr. King back the same way they had arrived.

“I can explain,” Iona whispered. Her heart had stopped beating when she saw the murderous look darkening her father’s brows. “Please, let me explain. Lord Nathan and I—”

“Bastard,” her father spat out. With an unsteady, angry motion, he tugged off his gloves. “You picked the wrong girl to ruin this time.”

“No!” Iona cried. She put herself between her father’s fist and Nathan just as Nathan lifted an arm to deflect the blow. Not even in her worst nightmare could she have dreamed up such a harrowing scene.

This was madness! If she didn’t stop her father, he might very well murder Nathan with his bare hands. And on her behalf, no less! Byron pulled her away when she tried to toss herself on her father’s mercy.

“Stop it! Don’t hurt him!” she sobbed, her heart tearing apart with the thought of Nathan suffering even one blow because of her. “Father, I swear it, he didn’t seduce me.”

She struggled fiercely against her cousin but his hold on her shoulders only tightened. She was helpless to stop this. Nathan had warned her that the consequences of her games were real but she’d refused to listen. And now, thanks to her, he was about to pay the price for her desire to be something other than the biddable daughter and paragon of quiet graces.

“Come, my lady,” her cousin said as he turned her away, “you shouldn’t be a witness to this.”

She fought him at every step. By the time he’d dragged her back to the bright lights and happy festivities of the Victory Gala she was shaking like a leaf, barely able to stand. The ominous crack-crack of her father’s first blow echoed in her ears until she feared she’d never hear anything else.





Chapter Eighteen

The cursed sun was shining far too brightly in the sky. Iona thought it odd that the sun should be shining like it was some pleasant summer day, when it wasn’t. She slipped into the drawing room and pressed her back to the paneled door. The lively conversation she’d heard taking place in the room came to a hasty stop. One by one, her family shifted their attentions from whatever they’d been discussing to the spot where she was standing.

“I thought you were going back up to your bed,” her mother said.

Iona had planned to do just that. At breakfast, she’d talked herself hoarse, trying her honest best to shoulder the blame for her and Nathan’s secret relationship. But, despite everything she’d said, no one would listen. And the sight of her father’s bruised knuckles had made her lose her appetite.

She’d excused herself from the breakfast table, which the cook had crowded with all her favorite treats, and had escaped up to her bedchamber. She’d even stretched out on top of her pale pink quilt for a while and stared at the bed’s canopy.

“My place is here,” she explained to her family. She crossed the drawing room to sit beside Lillian on a small sofa.

Nathan had paid a terrible price for her. She was the one who, for years, had taken the easy way out of life by playing the role of obedient, priggish miss. Letting others tell her what she should do and pretending that she didn’t have a will of her own. That false persona had been cast too well.

She swiped at the tears that were once again threatening. Poor Nathan. He’d suffered terribly because of her.

“It isn’t her fault,” Lillian said. She was stabbing a piece of linen with a needle, her hasty fingers botching what just yesterday had promised to turn into a beautiful needlework scene of the elegant bridge and pond at Prior Park.

“I should say not. It’s that blackguard who’s to blame,” her mother said. She hadn’t yet made a scene. Which was worrisome. Last night, she’d ushered her daughters and Amelia home in the family carriage and then sent them directly up to their beds without spilling much more than a few sharp words.

And this morning, an unnatural hush, the same that accompanied a death, weighed down the air in the house.

“About our marriage…” Iona started to say.

Her cousin Byron gave her a sidelong look and shook his head. He hadn’t been at breakfast and she hadn’t spoken with him since he’d dragged her away from Nathan last evening. She could only imagine his disappointment in her. She wasn’t the silent flower he’d been expecting, or the paragon of perfection he’d claimed to desire in a wife.

At her father’s nod, her cousin’s mood seemed to darken. The grim expression stamped on his face hardened. He pinched his nose and heaved a heavy sigh before approaching her.

“Of course I don’t hold you responsible for what happened when you were alone with that bounder.” He bent down on one knee and sandwiched her chilly fingers between his. “And don’t worry your little head over your damaged reputation. Despite what everyone is saying about you, I will stand by my earlier promise to take you as my wife,” he said, sounding as if he was making a great sacrifice for her benefit. “Once we are joined, my upstanding position in society will help repair your damaged name.”

“Thank you, but please don’t—” she said. She owed it to Nathan to show everyone in the room how she’d taken his lessons to heart. That their time together did have meaning. “I am sorry to disappoint you, Byron, but I have other plans for my life.”

* * * *

Nathan woke with a devil of a headache. His insides felt as if they’d been pounded in preparation for a recipe of jugged pigeon and the stiffness in his muscles had turned the simplest tasks—like rolling over in bed—into a damnable chore.

If not for the curt wakeup call he’d received, he’d still be curled up on his bed, cradling his hurts and quietly tending his heartache.

But none of that was to be, thanks to his father’s loyal minions. Two rather daunting footmen had forced their way past Freddie and barged into Nathan’s bedchamber. Handling him with less care than they would a sack of flour, they had stuffed him into his clothes, dragged him out of his apartment and tossed him into a crested carriage that whisked him off toward the Royal Crescent.

And that was where he found himself, sitting on the carriage bench, his hands propping up his aching head—not at all surprised. He’d known last night that come morning there would be hell to pay with the Marquess.

The carriage door swung open the instant the carriage’s wheels had stopped turning. Two arms grabbed him and dragged him into the house and up a flight of stairs. They then pushed him through the door to his father’s study.

The rough wool of the study’s carpet met Nathan’s face. He considered staying there, with his nose buried in the carpet’s fibers and resting for a while. His head spun when he slowly lifted it. Much to his surprise, his gaze landed on not his father’s but his mother’s face. She’d aged overnight. Disappointment was deeply etched around her lips and eyes. The loose skin on the hand she raised to her mouth was paper-thin, fragile. She let out a sharp cry at the sight of his battered body. The sound twisted through his heart.

Though he hadn’t yet seen himself in the mirror, he could guess he looked something of a fright.

“Mother—” He reached out to her, hoping only to comfort her. To reassure her that he’d survive this.

She turned away from him. “The Duke of Newbury has told us the truth. I don’t know whether to mourn this or be relieved,” she said to the Marquess on a shuddering breath. Without taking another look at her son, she left the room.

Nathan pulled himself up from the floor. He did his best to straighten his shoulders, despite the sharp pains pulling at his ribs, and act as if he felt nothing but a chilling indifference toward his family.

This made his father frown. Moving as stiffly as Nathan felt, he settled into a leather chair beside the unlit fireplace.

“Lady Iona. The Duke of Newbury’s daughter. Hmmm…” The Marquess steepled his fingers. “The Duke’s lovely daughter. You have gone too far this time. You know that, don’t you, Son?”

It had been years since anyone had called Nathan son. What a gaping hole the loss of such a little word had made in his life.

“It does look bad,” Nathan agreed. He eased himself into the chair across from his father. “I can explain if you are willing to listen.”

“There really is no need. The past is done. It is your future that must be planned.”

While his father began detailing the long list of dreadful punishments and banishments that would likely make up his future, Nathan’s thoughts took a different turn. His mind trailed back to the past and to the events that led to his fall last night.

He didn’t regret a moment of his time with Iona. If he had to do it again, there was very little he’d have done differently. So what was it about last night that continued to nag at him?

Iona, that’s what.

Clearly she’d created that romantic setting in the grotto with those candles and moonlight with thoughts of seduction. And she’d led him right to the grotto, where they’d be alone in a situation that, in the light of day, smelled of premeditated scandal.

I will get myself out of this marriage, she’d vowed. Now that he thought back on it, she had sounded pretty damned sure of herself.

Could it be true? Had she designed their meeting, planning all along to be caught in a compromising position in order to untangle herself from an unwanted engagement? Had she knowingly played a deadly game with his life?

He ground his jaw. If her father had arrived but a few minutes earlier and had seen what had really happened, Nathan wouldn’t merely be nursing his bruised body. He’d have been facing a bullet at dawn and a casket by noon.

Perhaps she hadn’t completely thought it through, didn’t realize she was putting his life in jeopardy. Certainly, if she’d known, she wouldn’t have done that to him. Not when she…

But did she love him?

Love would put a different slant on everything. Including his future.

Damn, he was a fool. Of course she loved him. And he’d promised to protect her.

Nathan slammed his fist into the arm of his leather chair. His father jumped.

“What? What?” the Marquess said and then cleared his throat. “Anyhow, I rather think the experience—though unpleasant—might be good for you.”

“Do not bother with this any further, Father. You don’t have to impress me into service on the high seas or horsewhip me into oblivion.” He pushed up from his chair, which made his bruised ribs hurt even worse—something he hadn’t believed possible. “I will make this right.”

He wasn’t anything like the role society had painted for him. And whether they accepted him or not, it was his duty to go to Iona’s aide.

He planned to march down the street and confront the Duke of Newbury and fight for her reputation. But it wasn’t to be. He barely made it to the front door before his father’s footmen grabbed his arms and forced him back up the stairs.

Nathan landed on his backside in the middle of the study. “I am sorry, Son.” The Marquess hovered over him, his bulldog-jowled face swimming in and out of focus. “I cannot let you cause any more trouble. You won’t be leaving this room until arrangements have been made for your departure from England.”

* * * *

Iona sunk deeper and deeper into the cushions of the peach sofa in the drawing room and sulked while her family—gathered together as if preparing for war—made decisions for her wedding day. Despite her objections, they forged on as if she were a smiling, blushing bride-to-be.

The dramatic mourning black silk her mother was wearing swished as she fiddled with a lace handkerchief. Her unnaturally calm demeanor was beginning to slip. She sniffed loudly whenever the Duke mentioned the need to rush the wedding date.

According to him though everything had been settled—including Iona’s future. Sure there would be some scandalous talk over the next few weeks. Considering the damage she’d done to her reputation, the gossips couldn’t be avoided. But once she was well and wed to her cousin, the heir to the Newbury title, the fervor surrounding her would swiftly cool.

Iona’s dreams of becoming a sculptress were fading again. Oh, but that wasn’t the source of her sullen mood. Nor had her family’s disregard of her blatant rejection of her cousin’s suit sparked this uncharacteristic sulk.

Those problems alone, she could have managed. She thrummed her fingers on the arm of the sofa. In her eagerness to grab onto an adventure and excitement, she’d somehow turned into a self-centered brat. And that she couldn’t abide.

All of the signs had been there, right in front of her eyes, and yet she’d overlooked them as readily as her family had dismissed her own wishes. She must have been blind.

Nathan wasn’t the happy-go-lucky rogue she’d sought out in the labyrinth. He wasn’t merely a family embarrassment whom society loved because he’d become a source of endless gossip.

She should have known better. She should have taken the time to look beyond his jokes and smiles and really seen the man who was stealing her heart.

Her heart sank. She’d treated him no better than the long line of gentlemen in her life had treated her. She deserved better.

And so did Nathan.

“You’ll see,” her cousin said as he copied her father’s take-charge posture. He clasped his hands behind his back and paced the length of the parlor. “You’ll see, Iona, this is all for the best.”

The best for whom, she wondered darkly. Not Nathan.

She needed to see him. To apologize. And figure out how to help him.

“Where is he? What did you do to him?” she demanded, interrupting a discussion between her parents on whether it would be better to hold the ceremony in Bath or London.

Her cousin’s pleasant expression faded. “He isn’t your concern.”

“Please.” Lillian pinched Iona’s arm. “Don’t.”

“As I have already told you time and again, he didn’t do anything wrong,” Iona insisted.

“That is your opinion!” her father roared. His outburst set her mother crying in earnest. Drawing a deep breath, he regained much of his composure. “Lord Nathan is a danger to polite society, poppet. I spoke with the Marquess of Portfry at length last night. And he agrees. He has promised to have Lord Nathan removed.”

Removed? A strangling dread grabbed hold of her. Removed from where? “What is the Marquess planning to do?”

“That is none of my concern…or yours,” he said as if it were that simple.

But it wasn’t. She was about to explain all that—without throwing an emotional tantrum as she’d done last night—when Myers, the family butler, tapped on the drawing room door.

He plodded into the room, his slow, shuffling gait more pronounced than usual. He went straight to her father and whispered the heavy news he carried in the Duke’s ear.

“Indeed?” her father grumbled. “I suppose I ought to attend to him.”

The Duke swept from the room with the Duchess and her cousin Byron following close on his heel. This was Iona’s chance. Noon had long passed and she was growing tired of being trapped in her loving, well-meaning and utterly suffocating family’s clutches. Ignoring Lillian’s protests, she grabbed her bonnet, sketchbook and charcoals and escaped into the family’s back gardens.

She simply needed a moment alone. A moment to think. And grieve.

She spread a blanket on a grassy spot underneath one of the property’s grand oaks and, arranging her skirts around her, sat down with her sketchbook. She drew lazy circles on the page and watched a small bird flit from branch to branch high above her.

Her thoughts kept returning to what Nathan had told her the night before—that no matter what happened she should keep reaching for her dreams.

But how could she? How could she hope to ever find happiness again when everything had gone so terribly wrong?

She had barely had a chance to ponder about much of anything when her attentions were drawn away from the paper in front of her by a loud rustle in the branches behind her. She glanced up at the tall brick wall separating her father’s gardens from the neighbors’ and spotted a dark shadow squatting on the wall beside her. The figure blotted out the bright sun.

Like a desperate pirate come to life out of the latest novel she was reading, the figure dropped off the wall and landed beside her with a grunt. Iona gave a sharp cry of alarm. A gloved hand clamped almost instantly over her lips, silencing her.

“Shhh,” a soothing voice whispered in her ear.

It couldn’t be…

Nathan, her poor battered Nathan, sat sprawled in a rather gangly position on the grass. His clothes were mismatched and rumpled, one sleeve torn completely away and his face purple and bruised. She couldn’t remember ever laying eyes on a more wondrous sight.

“I might look like a dangerous footpad but I assure you I mean you no harm. You do recognize me, don’t you?”

Of course she did. How could he believe otherwise? She nodded fervently, wanting nothing more than to touch him and to feel his heart beating against hers. When he pulled his hand away from her mouth, she did just that. Tentatively touching the bruises on his face and the hard stubble on his cheeks and chin.

“I was so frightened—” she choked out.

“I can imagine.” He sounded hard. The corded muscles in his arms and chest grew stiff like he wanted to pull away from her. “This is exactly what I feared would happen to you.”

“To me?” she protested. He believed her so shallow that she was only crushed by the upset her behavior had caused her family? He couldn’t be more wrong. “I-I-I’m not…”

He leaned closer. Her breath hitched in her throat. Before she realized what was happening his lips took hers with a demanding kiss.

“I couldn’t keep away from you a moment longer. I’ve been sick with worry all morning. I need to know how you are faring, love,” he said as he peeled his mouth away.

She felt breathless and needy and ever so grateful to see him one more time.

“How am I—” she started to say and then tossed her arms around him.

Her tears were nearly his undoing. She shuddered against him like a frightened wren. He couldn’t help but be awed by how brave she’d been. In his arms, her slender body felt terribly delicate. And yet, he knew from harrowing experience that the heart beating in her chest had the steely strength of a fearsome lioness. In fact, now, this fateful morning in her father’s garden, she was the first to find the courage to speak again.

“How did you manage to escape? My father said—”

“I told you I wouldn’t abandon you to the gossips and I mean to stand by my word.” He didn’t want to talk about how he’d fought his way out of his father’s townhouse like a madman possessed. He’d rather hold Iona in his arms and, ignoring the tearing pains in his side, nuzzle the delicate curve of her neck.

“I sure made a muddle of things last night,” she whispered. “I should have never dared speak my mind.”

“Balderdash,” he exclaimed and couldn’t help but smile. “Your timing can certainly be improved but you’re still learning how to use your voice. Mistakes are bound to happen.”

“A mistake.” She returned his smile, though hers had quite a rueful tilt. “You’re too kind. I can’t imagine a balder understatement.”

“I’ve made my fair share.”

“Hmmm…” she agreed. “At least I’m in good company. You are a dear for coming to check on me, Nathan. I can’t tell you how much your concern means to me.”

“Oh no, you don’t. You’re not thinking to dismiss me so easily, are you? I meant what I said. Whether you want me to or not, I am going to stand by you and help you. So tell me, Iona, what has happened?”

“According to my family, I have become tainted as the latest hapless victim of Bath’s most dangerous rake. I was too innocent to know what I was getting myself into. But regardless of any of that, I’m tainted. Stained by your touch, they say.” Her voice rose with indignation. “It’s utter nonsense of course. I knew exactly what I was doing and I have no regrets.”

“And Lovington and your father? They haven’t abused you or tried to convince you to do harm to yourself?” He didn’t know what he’d do if he heard of anyone lifting a hand against his Iona.

She shook her head slowly. “Oh no, Nathan. They’re all behaving chillingly civil. Even Mama. It’s terrifying.”

“At least they aren’t plotting to do you harm—”

“But they are!” Her cheeks bloomed a rosy pink. “To hear them speak, they’ll have me married to Byron by the month’s end. And he’ll take me well in hand to reform the unseemly behaviors you’ve encouraged. He says he isn’t too worried though. Once he gives me my first child, he says he’s certain I will return to being the staid, quiet lady he has grown to admire.”

The thought of her cousin—or anyone else for that matter—touching Iona in an intimate manner made Nathan’s thoughts turn murderous. He furiously tried to tamp them down, knowing that he had no right to her. He’d come to protect her reputation, not to make matters worse.

“You’d told me that no matter the circumstance, I could follow my dreams,” she complained, clutching a well-loved sketchbook to her chest. “That I could be happy. But I despair that with Byron, I will never be happy. Whenever I mention my art to him, he waves it away. He refuses to listen to my dream to become a sculptress, my dream to make from stone and metal the beautiful images that fill my thoughts.”

“May I?” Nathan asked. He too had dismissed her dreams. Ladies were taught art. But he knew very few who took their studies seriously.

She handed over the book and said, “Be honest.”

He looked over her sketches. He’d expected to see the typical schoolroom drawings. Simple landscapes and the typical bowls of fruit. That wasn’t what he found though.

He flipped through the first few pages. The lines were bold. The technique daring. And the subject matter, though everyday people and objects, depicted something deeper. She saw through the glitter of the ballrooms and soirées. A sketch of a teapot held by a debutante, for example, displayed the anxiety and uncertainty the young lady most certainly was experiencing. Those emotions were laid out on the page, not on the girl’s carefully schooled expression but in the wavering gleam of the teapot! Nathan had never seen anything more amazing.

These were no girlish schoolroom drawings. These were the works of an artist who took her craft seriously.

“You drew these?” he asked, turning another page and finding a startling image of himself. His laughing eyes and self-depreciating smile rang false on the page. “All of these?”

Iona nodded.

“I didn’t realize…”

He saw that she was holding her breath.

“They’re good,” he said. “Better than many of the works for sale in London’s Fitzroy Square. I’m impressed. Truly impressed. While I can barely draw a straight line, you seem to be able to capture an emotion with the stroke of a piece of charcoal or pastel.”

He handed her back the sketchbook still open at the page with the rather accurate sketch of his face. “You’re a little too perceptive perhaps.”

She chuckled softly.

The sound warmed his heart. He’d risk life and limb time and again to be rewarded by the delightful song of her laughter. If only there was a way to untangle the fix they’d gotten themselves into. And then he remembered something.

“Thomas Barker is an acquaintance of mine.” The wealthy landscape painter who lived on Sion Hill had agreed to mentor and feed a few of the starving artists Nathan had befriended while living on the outskirts of London society. “May I take your sketches to him? I’d be interested in his opinion.”

“You would do that for me?”

“It is no less than I’d do for any other budding talent.”

All of a sudden, Iona appeared to understand. “The rich paintings covering your apartment’s walls—” She lowered her voice to barely a whisper. “And the rather shocking ones in your bedchamber, they are by artists you’ve discovered and helped?”

“Not really discovered,” he said. “But the horrible secret is out. I’m not a complete rake. When I have the funds, I’ve been known to help a talented soul here and there.”

She eyed him carefully. He had the uncomfortable feeling that she was being all too perceptive again. “I suspect you’re being modest,” she said with a wry smile that made his heart beat faster. Unlike the other artists he’d worked with, he was willing to give Iona everything. The sun, the moon and every beautiful star in the sky.

He clasped her hands in his. “Let me act as your patron. And as your protector.”

“I don’t know…” She tried to pull her hands away but he refused to let her go.

“Let me do this for you.”

“You do have more experience in dealing with these things.”

He could see that she was beginning to soften toward the idea. “Yes, I have more experience in dealing with scandals…unfortunately.”

She chewed the inside of her cheek for more than a minute while he held his tongue, waiting for her to come to the only decision available to her.

“Only if you let me help you,” she implored.

“Very well.”

He knew what needed to be done and he also knew she wouldn’t be happy about it. Not when she was still set against marriage in any form. Unwilling to risk her rejection, he kept his plan silent. Instead he cupped her face in his hands. “If I do something that will salvage both our reputations, do you promise not to hate me for it?”

Tears pooled again in her eyes but she bravely held her chin strong and stiff.

“I promise,” she said.

He kissed her.

“I love you, Iona.”

He kissed her again.

“Never forget that. I love you and I will do everything in my power to make you happy.”

He’d move mountains if need be in order to chase away the distress he saw in her eyes. He hoped moving mountains would be enough.

* * * *

“He’s gone,” the Duke announced. Iona had returned to the drawing room to find her family waiting for her. “Portfry came to inform me personally that,” he cleared his throat, “that rogue, Lord Nathan, has slipped away.”

Her mother, Lillian and her cousin Byron all turned to Iona as if she could tell them where Nathan could be found. And, she supposed, there was no reason to keep silent about anything…not anymore.

“I know,” she said, drawing her chin up. “He was in the garden with me just now.”

Her cousin ran to the window.

“Dash it all, Iona,” her father said as he stiffened his spine. “I don’t understand your behavior lately. After last night, why would you let that bounder come anywhere near you again?”

“He was simply inquiring after my wellbeing, Papa. He was worried about me.”

“He has seduced her,” her cousin muttered under his breath, along with something else Iona couldn’t hear.

Her father sent him a sidelong glance and, nodding, drawled, “Quite.”

“What will we do?” her mother asked.

“I know what I plan to do,” her cousin said as he headed toward the door where he met the family butler who was just about to knock. Like before, Myers plodded into the room and straight to her father.

“Lord Nathan Wynter is asking to speak with you,” he announced.

“He’s here! In my house!”

“Yes, your grace, he is,” Myers said and bowed deeply. He turned and started for the door when something seemed to change his mind. He returned to her father. “With all due respect, I think you should hear what the lad has to say.”

The Duke glared at Myers for a few breathless moments. In all her life, Iona had never seen Myers stand up to her father. She wondered if he was about to have his head bitten off.

Though her father’s temper was still sparking, he forced a breath out sharply through his nose and asked Myers to show him into his study.

“What does he want with you?” the Duchess asked as she began to sniffle again. The Duke merely shook his head and tightened his jaw.

After a few tense moments, Myers returned. Iona leaned forward so she could peer out the open drawing room door.

“Nathan?” she breathed. Pressing her suddenly trembling fingers to her lips, she rose. Though he’d changed out of his battered clothes, he was holding his right arm against his chest as if it pained him and was walking with a pronounced limp. “What are you doing here? Have you lost your blooming—”

Lillian grabbed Iona’s wrist and just barely kept her from dashing through the doors and into his arms.

“I’ll be back in a moment,” the Duke said. His study was a few steps down the hall. He slanted Iona a warning look as he followed Myers from the room, taking extra care to close the drawing room door behind him.

In the silence that followed, Iona stopped breathing. Lillian served as a surprising source of strength by keeping a comforting hold on her hand.

“Well,” her mother huffed. With a light step, she stole across the room and swung wide the parlor door. “I can’t say I’m surprised the Marquess wasn’t able to keep that brute under control. Did you see him?”

How could she not see him? What was he doing? He’d promised her that he would salvage both their reputations—not get himself killed.

Good Lord, he was in her home—with her rather overprotective and quite enraged father.

And the townhouse was entirely too silent.

The only sign that time hadn’t stopped altogether was the regular ticking coming from the chinoiserie-style clock stationed on the small black lacquered table at the top of the stairs.

The creak of the study door as it opened stirred everyone in the drawing room. They moved as if they were being roused from a deep dream.

The Duchess stood and so did Iona. The house suddenly felt unsettled, like when the maids rolled up all the carpets to beat the dust from them.

Her father paused in front of the drawing room door and clasped Nathan’s shoulder. The two men shook hands. “I will send word to you as soon as it’s completed,” he said.

Nathan gave a deep nod. “I’ll be at my father’s. I’m sure he’s most anxious for my return. You see, I left in somewhat of a hurry.” He hugged the arm he’d been holding to his chest and smiled woefully. “And not without damage to my person.”

“In that case, I’ll be sure your father receives word of our agreement without delay.”

Nathan gave a nod, turned on his heel and, without sparing Iona a passing glance, a raised brow, or anything that might help clue her in on what he’d just done, disappeared down the hall.

“Well then,” her father said clapping his large hands together. “I take it, by your gaping mouths, that you are anxiously waiting to hear what that was all about.”

“I don’t understand why you let him into your home,” her cousin said rather bitterly. “You should have let me challenge him to a duel. I can’t think of anyone who deserves to taste the sting of a bullet more than him.”

Her mother gave a cry and fell back into her chair.

“Lovington, that is a most inappropriate thing to say in mixed company,” the Duke warned.

“My pardon, Aunt,” her cousin said. His cheeks brightened.

Her mother only cried harder.

The Duke turned his back on her dramatics. “Lovington, I am deeply sorry but you won’t be marrying my daughter.”

Iona breathed a deep sigh of relief. Nathan had come through with his promise. She wondered what he must have said to get her father to come to his senses. She wasn’t left wondering for long.

“Iona, Lord Nathan has pled a convincing argument to me. He wishes to regain his honor.”

“That is my wish as well,” she said, her faith in her father returning. “Those rumors about him had simply gotten out of hand. I know in my heart he is a good man. I cannot understand why others don’t see it as well.”

“I’m glad we are in accord about this, poppet. Lord Nathan has filled me in on the circumstances of his past. And all morning you have been doing a fairly good job at describing some of the…um…interesting activities that you, my dear, have been undertaking with him lately.”

So he had been listening to her…

“In light of that,” he continued, “I don’t think he should be asked to bear the full brunt of responsibility for this scandal. Don’t you agree?”

Iona’s cheeks blazed. She nodded slowly.

“Good. Good. He has told me he came to Bath with a mind to find a respectable wife. Thanks to you, he has only found ruin. I see that you have no choice but to let him repair his name in the only manner society will accept.”

“What do you propose, Papa?” she asked, fearing once again she knew the direction her father’s thoughts were flowing.

“Oh, poppet, my dear, dear poppet.” He blinked back tears. “I have given him permission to marry you.”

“You did what?” both Lillian and her cousin cried.

Her mother screamed.

Iona froze.

Nathan had warned her that he’d do just that. She shouldn’t have been surprised but she was truly stunned by the announcement. He’d promised to fight for her happiness. Had he forgotten everything she’d shared with him? She didn’t wish to be married, not when marriage meant she would be giving up her passion, her art. She thought Nathan understood that. He’d looked at her drawings and had seemed genuinely impressed. He’d even said he would talk to a well-known artist on her behalf. Had that been a lie? Why was he doing this to her? There had to be another way he could salvage his own reputation. There simply had to be another way for him to save his name without having to lock the door on her gilded cage once and for all.

For the first time in her life, the very calm, very pragmatic Iona fainted.





Chapter Nineteen

It was early yet at the Royal Crescent. The morning sun was peeking over the medieval city and bathing the Royal Victoria Park in a fresh golden glow. Nathan’s family was still abed. His father’s healthy snores echoed through the empty halls.

Alone in the drawing room, Nathan prowled in front of the windows with a tiger’s restlessness, wanting nothing more than to pounce on the frilly little pink cap hurrying past his father’s townhouse on the sidewalk below.

Every morning for the past week and a half, at this precise hour, she came down the street, her arms weighted down by a pair of tattered old baskets filled with an assortment of goods. Fabrics one day, pastries another, tapestries still another. Today her baskets were near to bursting with embroidery threads and supplies.

Again, no sign of her sketchbook.

She never ventured out alone or else he would have abandoned his good senses and pounced on her days ago. This morning Miss Harlow accompanied Iona with a basket of her own.

Although he’d never seen her face from this elevated vantage point, only the tops of her wide-rimmed bonnets, there wasn’t any question that the bonneted lady making these early morning outings was indeed his Iona.

He could feel her presence in every drop of blood in his body. And it was driving him mad.

Her simple cotton gown with a pink bodice, swished with every step, enticing him to follow her. To demand why she’d retreated back into the role of the Duke’s perfect daughter, the untouchable priggish miss.

It was like lusting after a nun. He longed for one of her demanding notes. At least then he would have an excuse to whisk her away from her irritatingly protective family and steal a few moments alone with her to find out what was going on behind that frozen smile of hers.

A week and a half had passed since he’d made an ass of himself and insisted her father give his consent to a hasty marriage. He should have been open with her and sought her permission first.

Now, as a punishment, she was torturing him with her silence. Ever since their engagement, Nathan had attended two teas, one luncheon, five morning outings to the Pump Room and two church services where Iona had been present. Each time she’d made a point to speak with him. Briefly. Her demure voice, hardly ever above a whisper, droned as she discussed the weather and other such nonsense. Any mention of their upcoming nuptials, any mention of her art or what the landscape artist Thomas Barker thought about her work and any attempt to discover her true feelings was deflected by her deft skill for directing the conversation back to the safe and mundane, often without Nathan even realizing how she’d managed to do it.

If their marriage was going to be a success, some things needed to be settled between them. He needed to assure her that he wasn’t going to ride roughshod over her dreams. He needed to explain that he’d insisted on the marriage in order to shield both their reputations from the worst sorts of gossip.

If only she would give him a sliver of emotion to work with, a delightful rage to let him know that she still cared for him. That she’d somehow be able to find it in her heart to forgive him.

“Oh, pardon me!” Maryanne, wearing a frilly yellow morning dress that covered her from neck to toe and a ruffled starched white mobcap that covered her brown locks, drew to a quick halt at the drawing room door. Her wary gaze jumped all over the fading purplish-green bruises on his face. “I hadn’t realized anyone else was awake this early.”

“With the upcoming wedding, I haven’t been sleeping too well,” Nathan confessed.

Her lips twisted with distaste. She jutted her chin out. “If you weren’t interested in marriage, you should have considered the consequences before doing what you did to that poor girl.”

“You mistake my meaning, my lady,” he said firmly. Now that he was going to become Iona’s husband, he knew things would have to change. Not allowing his reputation to be battered about as if it had no value topped the list of improvements that needed to be made. “I have wished for this match, dreamed of it in fact for many years. I hold Lady Iona in the greatest regard and have long considered her a loyal friend.” He couldn’t help but let his gaze stray back out the window and upon the pretty pink figure making haste down the street.

Maryanne crossed the room and peered out the same window. Her frown deepened. She pulled a lacy handkerchief from her sleeve and dabbed her nose with it while regarding him closely. “You are speaking the truth?”

Nathan shrugged.

“You are…” her voice trailed off. A queer smile relaxed her lips. She set her hands into motion as she fiddled with her handkerchief. “I didn’t think it possible. But you are unquestionably besotted. Hopelessly in love. I see it in the way your eyes light up at the sight of her.”

“Now see here—” he started to say. He didn’t need to be handing Maryanne any information she might later use against him.

She fluttered her hands. “Do not worry. No one would believe it anyhow. They are all saying you are only marrying the deflowered Duke’s daughter to keep the Marquess from beggaring and banishing you to the Continent.”

“And I’m sure that my viper’s nest of a family is doing nothing to disabuse Bath society from believing this mercenary reason for taking Lady Iona as my wife. Lawks, I should have my head examined!”

He couldn’t stand still a moment longer. He felt uncommonly hotheaded, like his father, eager to bang his fist against a defenseless piece of furniture. Quite unprepared to deal with such tumultuous emotions, he paced the length of the room while tearing at his hair. “I’m bringing a wife onto a battlefield. She’ll loathe me within a week’s time…if I’m lucky! Once she realizes the unforgiving lot I’ve forced her to marry into, it’ll be a blessing if I ever again see one of those cursed fake smiles she’s been torturing me with all week. I’ll have no hope of winning back any of her real ones.”

“That’s vastly unfair, Nathan.” Maryanne’s eyebrows shot up into her hairline. “It is your poor behavior that has triggered your family’s contempt. We are entirely capable of acting in a civilized manner when in civilized company.”

He snapped his fingers. “That just might be it! That just might be what I need to do to reach her again! If she could witness for herself this family at its natural worst, she’ll either demand to be let out of the engagement or will become so enraged that she will champion me.” He rather enjoyed picturing her working up one of her adorable tempers in defense of him. “Either way, she’ll have to talk to me again.”

Maryanne shrank back from him. “What do you plan to do? Invite her over for dinner? Just her? Not her family too?”

“That is precisely what I plan to do.”

“I assure you she’ll not witness anything untoward.” Maryanne clicked her tongue. “You paint an unfair picture of us. We’re not monsters.”

“Perhaps not, but I wager I’ve been the family whipping boy for so long that some members of this family won’t be able to help themselves. And I imagine she will get quite an eye-opening look at why marriage to her is so vital to me—how she’s my oasis in the midst of this emotional desert my adoring parents have built all around me.”

* * * *

“Surprise!” a chorus of voices rang out.

Surprise? Iona dropped the empty baskets she was carrying. Surprise? What an understatement! She’d returned home after spending an afternoon of charitable work with Amelia. The last thing she had been expecting was this.

Her hands flew to cover her gaping mouth. She blinked, fearing that she had finally cracked and was imagining that her dearest friend was indeed in Bath and was beaming her a winsome smile while looking like some fairytale creature come to grant Iona her fondest wishes.

“She doesn’t look pleased,” May said, her brows furrowing. She tucked a strand of unruly red hair behind her ear as she hugged a wiggly baby to the bodice of her stunning peacock-colored dress.

“She’s frozen with shock,” May’s husband, Viscount Evers agreed. “You probably should have let me send that note of warning.”

Since Iona still couldn’t seem to talk, she simply nodded in agreement.

“Oh, don’t look so thunderstruck,” May scolded. She gently deposited the bundled babe into the Viscount’s arms. A lively twinkle brightened her violet-colored eyes. “You and I are made of sterner stuff.”

Tears sprang to Iona’s eyes and a laugh bubbled up in her throat. She tossed herself into her dearest friend’s welcoming arms. “It is indeed a surprise! I didn’t expect you until the wedding! Oh, but I am so very glad to see you. So much has happened in the last few weeks. I am near to bursting to tell you it all.”

“I should say you are,” May said.

After introductions and greetings had been properly covered, Iona led May out into the back gardens while the Viscount excused himself to have a word with the Duke.

“I heard you’ve buried yourself in charity work,” May said. They selected a garden bench near the fragrant rose arbor in the Newburys’ private garden.

Iona folded her hands in her lap. A soft summer breeze tinkled through a distant wind chime.

“And that you’ve been unhappy,” May added.

It was true. But how did she admit to being burdened by such guilt that she felt a need to do penance for her sins? For the past week and a half, she’d desperately wished for her friend’s company. Had urgently needed a sympathetic ear to bend.

Now that her wish had been granted, she wasn’t sure where to start. Or if she was even ready to admit to the heavy aches weighing on her heart.

“Oh bugger,” she muttered, “marriage to Nathan bodes to be far worse than a loveless match with Byron. At least with Byron, I understood his motives and feelings toward me. With Nathan, everything has turned into a puzzle.”

She knew she needed to talk with him in order to try and sort everything out. Yet every time she tried, she’d see those dark bruises marring his face and her tongue would freeze in her mouth. Or she would babble on and on, saying nothing but a bunch of twaddle.

And she wasn’t the only one feeling the strain of her upcoming nuptials either.

“Mama rarely speaks anymore. And Papa has taken to heaving long, drawn-out sighs whenever I enter the room. To escape, I’ve packed away my art supplies and thrown myself into charity work and into paying more and more frequent visits to the widows who always looked forward to my company.

“They are all terribly worried about me. Despite my abject denials, every single one, including Lady Pulteney whom I consider quite logical and even-tempered, has coddled me while expressing their most heartfelt sympathies. It was a shame how I’ve been heartlessly seduced and forced into marriage to a scoundrel, they say. A handsome scoundrel but a scoundrel nonetheless.”

“How distressing,” May agreed.

When not enduring their well-meaning pity, Iona had volunteered at Lady Astley’s School for Displaced Women, a school that educated the demimonde in various respectable professions. Her work there was doing wonders in helping rebuild her damaged self-esteem.

The work was not only a kind of penance for her reckless behavior of late. It also reminded her how lucky she was to have a loving family and a marriage proposal the young women at the school viewed as a damned miracle.

“You must remember to not swear in polite company,” she had scolded one of the newer students just that morning as the ladies excitedly discussed her upcoming nuptials.

“I don’t know what to do, May. Actually I don’t think there is anything I can do.”

Instead of being appropriately sympathetic and gloomy, May flashed Iona one of her mischievous gypsy grins and shook her head from side to side. She appeared to be struggling to hold back a laugh.

“How can you find humor in this?” Iona demanded.

“You speak of what everyone else must be thinking about you and this marriage and yet you’ve conveniently left out your own feelings. Do you love Nathan?”

Iona gritted her teeth. Not at all sure why she should feel defensive, she picked up the piece of embroidery she’d carried outside with her, a table runner decorated with large white daises that when finished was to be a gift for their neighbor, the widow Lady Potswell. She stilled her nervous fingers and raging mind by concentrating on sewing a line of straight, uniform stitches.

“We share nothing more than a mutual friendship,” she said once she’d finished.

“A mutual friendship, you say?” May pressed.

“The same friendship we forged when we were playing matchmaker between you and Lord Evers.”

“And I thank you for that,” May said, bowing her head. “I was confoundingly stubborn about some things…like admitting to being in love with Radford.”

“I know what you are trying to say. But this situation is vastly different from yours. And, besides, my feelings are of no account. They have never been.”

“Is that so?”

“It doesn’t really matter if I want this or any other marriage, which I don’t. As my father has so aptly explained, this bed is of my own making and I am honor-bound to lie in it.”

“I don’t know, Iona. Marriage to Lord Nathan might not be such a bad thing.” May rocked her sleeping baby boy between her knees. “Just look, all this talk of beds and having to lie down in them has given you goose bumps.”

Iona looked. She did indeed have goose bumps.

“I don’t want to talk about it.” Rubbing her arms, she gazed up at the reddish-purple leaves of the stately copper beech shading them. A tiny brown bird was flitting from branch to branch. “Tell me more about little Henry and what it’s like to be a mother.”

May’s face lit up as she stroked her baby’s velvety cheek. It was painfully obvious to Iona that marriage and motherhood perfectly suited her once unbending, independently minded friend. She couldn’t remember ever seeing May looking more relaxed and contented. “I’m still getting to know him and learn how to make him happy. So far the adventure has been an absolute joy. He’s a charmer. Just like his father.”

“I’m happy for you,” Iona said, though her heart didn’t feel the least bit happy. A tremor of pain laced through her veins. May’s marriage had been born from a love match.

Hers would be from scandal. The differences did matter.

“You and Lord Nathan were already friends…and I suspect more. That is a great gift.” May reached out and squeezed Iona’s hand. “You will see. Things will work themselves out.”

“You have a visitor, my lady,” Myers, the Newburys’ butler, approached while clearing his throat loudly. He held out a silver tray with a card on it for Iona to take.

“The Right Honorable Countess of Snaddon,” Iona read aloud.

“Who is she?” May asked.

“I haven’t a clue. Who is she, Myers?”

“I believe she is your fiancé’s sister-in-law, my lady.”

Iona blushed at having forgotten the names of Nathan’s family. She’d met Lady Snaddon several times around town. She should have remembered.

“Shall I tell her you are away from home?” Myers asked.

“No, please show her the way into the garden.”

He nodded deeply and shuffled away.

“I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised by the visit,” Iona said. “I’ll have to develop a relationship with Lord Nathan’s family sooner or later.”

A tall, long-featured lady, with a narrow nose, full lips and wisps of dark brown hair framing her oval face, apologized most heartily for arriving without a prior invitation after Myers presented her to both Iona and May.

Iona brushed Lady Snaddon’s concerns away and offered a spot on the bench.

“Since we will soon be sisters,” Lady Snaddon said as she smoothed the skirt of her calico dress before sitting, “I would be delighted if you’d call me Maryanne.”

“And I hope you will see fit to calling me Iona,” she said as she dredged up a kindly smile for her future sister-in-law. “I hope you don’t mind that I’m meeting guests outside where I cannot ring for tea. The weather is just so pleasant today, you see.”

Maryanne waved off Iona’s concerns.

“Is there anything I can do for you, Maryanne?” she asked in the somewhat awkward silence that followed. The little bird flying around in the tree squawked.

“I must admit there isn’t any real purpose for this visit. The sorry truth is that I’ve been wildly curious about you and why you’ve agreed to this wedding.”

Iona dug her fingers into the table runner spread out on her lap and drew her chin up a good inch. “I see.”

“Don’t mistake my meaning,” Maryanne said quickly, “I don’t hold anything that happened with Lord Nathan against you.”

“But you don’t exactly approve either?” May said in Iona’s defense. Henry stirred and after twisting in his bundle of blankets started to cry. May cradled him against her chest and gently bounced him while cooing nonsense words.

“He is a lovely baby,” Maryanne said, seeming relieved to have a reason to change the subject. She talked for a while about her young son who had reached his second year that spring.

“He is a blessing. After eight years of marriage I was beginning to despair whether I would ever bear a child.” She touched her hand to her stomach. “And now I have been blessed for a second time. I’m hoping for another son.”

Iona offered her congratulations without much conviction. Something about Maryanne’s manner—the way her eyes would linger too long on Iona and the way her brows had pinched together when she’d mentioned the wedding—made the muscles in Iona’s shoulders tighten. Something was definitely eating at her future sister-in-law’s mind.

“Why do you disapprove of your brother-in-law’s decision to marry me?” She couldn’t keep silent any longer about the unspoken censure she kept reading in Maryanne’s tight expression. “Are you worried that our union will embarrass your family?”

“Of course not. It’s just…just…” She heaved a deep sigh. “You are so very different from Nathan. You are refined, graceful. And he is naught but a careless rogue. How can such a match possibly work? How can a man like that possibly make you happy?”

“I don’t believe Iona’s feelings toward this wedding or Lord Nathan are any of your concern,” May said crisply.

“Perhaps not. I didn’t intend to create trouble, my lady. I am simply surprised.”

“Surprised by what?” Iona asked when Maryanne failed to explain herself.

“That in the face of such a dreadful scandal, you can appear so unaffected,” Maryanne answered without hesitation and then drew back. “I am sorry,” she whispered. “How thoughtless of me. I shouldn’t have referred to something that must distress you terribly, even if you don’t show it.”

“Rest assured, Maryanne, the circumstances of my marriage don’t so overset me that I cannot bear to hear mention of it.”

“Really?” Maryanne looked taken aback. “You aren’t afraid that word of what happened here will travel to London? You truly don’t mind that others are more interested in the circumstances that brought about this marriage than the wedding itself?”

“Why should I? It is entirely my fault that Lord Nathan and I are being forced to wed.” She leaned her head back and remembered how, in the flickering candlelight of the grotto, he’d touched her in the most intimate places. His deep, rhythmic strokes had awakened her whole body until she felt as if she was going to come apart. Like a shameless hoyden, she’d pressed her hips against his exploring hand, encouraged him, begged for him to give her more. And more.

Swallowing hard, Iona pushed those memories away. They always led to one thing—the terrible thing that followed. “I truly regret that society thinks he is to blame for what I have done. Truly, if I hadn’t pressured him into giving me those clandestine lessons, I doubt any of this—”

“You pressured him?” both May and Maryanne exclaimed.

Iona nodded sheepishly and then explained how the events of the last couple of weeks had unfolded.

Maryanne shook her head in disbelief. “You are an uncommon lady, Iona. If I were in your position, I doubt I’d be brave enough to make such an admission. The Portfrys are indeed fortunate to soon have you as part of our ranks.”

“I hope your family will also find it in their hearts to welcome Nathan back into the family.”

A deep flush crawled up Maryanne’s neck. “I do not wish to impose on you any longer,” she said as she rose from the bench. “Irregardless of how this upcoming wedding came about, I am pleased. I was my parents’ only daughter. It will be nice to finally have a sister. Good afternoon, Iona.” She dipped her head. “Lady Evers.”

“Thank you,” Iona said. “And a good afternoon to you too.”

“Oh, before I go…” Maryanne’s gaze trailed off to the deep purple flowers blooming on the clematis climbing the brick wall that enclosed the rose arbor. Her voice tightened. “Nathan is planning to invite you to a family dinner tomorrow night. He’s got some fool idea that if you…” She hesitated. Chewing on her bottom lip, she seemed to change her mind about what she was going say. “For my brother-in-law’s sake, I-I rather think it a good idea for you to try and be there.”





Chapter Twenty

All of Iona’s very proper, very organized thoughts spilled out of her head when Nathan drew her fingers toward his and began tracing small circles on the back of her gloved hand. In that timeless moment, she forgot she was standing in the doorway of the Portfrys’ parlor or that Nathan’s family was waiting in the other room to greet her. There was only the memory of the rough whiskers that had scraped against her cheek when Nathan had last kissed her and the skillful movement of his body against hers. The way he was touching her now was so filled with promise that she completely forgot how to breathe.

“I am honored you have accepted our invitation for dinner,” he said, his deep voice traveled down her body, giving the butterflies in her stomach yet another reason to flutter.

“My pleasure,” she choked out, her thoughts still straying.

Nathan’s mind didn’t appear to be operating too well either. What was he doing, practically seducing her in front of the high-sticklers that populated his family?

Before she’d been able to follow Rogers, the Portfrys’ stiff-collared butler, into the townhouse’s ground-floor cream-and-red-striped parlor to be announced, Nathan had bounded across the room and pounced on her. Taking possession of her hand and her mind.

“You look beautiful tonight,” he said while still tracing those tantalizing circles against her silk-covered skin, warming her blood.

She dipped her head, not quite sure why she was blushing. “Thank you.”

His broad chest and powerful legs were completely blocking her entrance to the parlor and he seemed set on not budging. Someone behind him cleared his throat.

“Don’t you think I should greet your family?” she whispered. “It would be rude not to.”

Nathan squared his shoulders. “I suppose I cannot keep you to myself all evening. A damned pity,” he grumbled as he relinquished her hand. “You do look beautiful.”

His family greeted Iona warmly and treated her with exceedingly well-groomed manners. And although there was no mention of the upcoming wedding—this dinner was supposed to be a family celebration of it—Iona got the definite impression that they heartily welcomed the addition of one of the Duke of Newbury’s daughters into their ranks.

Only Nathan’s father was fairly tight-lipped in his greeting though she could hardly hold it against him. The dear man still hadn’t fully recovered from his long illness. And the stress of the past few weeks had taken a visible toll. He looked pale and tired as he heaved himself out of the brocade chair in which he’d been lounging. The movement triggered a violent coughing fit. In alarm, Iona grabbed hold of his arm until he was able to catch his breath. Gulping uneven breaths, he dipped Iona a bow and managed to wheeze a raspy, “it is indeed a pleasure to see you again, my dear.”

The Marchioness of Portfry, a lovely woman with a kindly smile softened by a series of delicate wrinkles wreathing her dimples, had been the first to embrace Iona. She’d moved in quickly and, taking possession of Iona’s arm, maneuvered her away from Nathan. “Come, child.” She patted Iona’s hand and led her to a creamy sofa where Maryanne, dressed in a flattering buttercup yellow dress, was seated.

“My two children bring me such joy.” The Marchioness reached over Iona and took Maryanne’s hand. “You will have to indulge me. Though Maryanne is my child only by marriage, I do include her as mine. I hope you will see it in your heart to allow me to do the same…giving me a third child to love.”

Third child to love? Iona looked around, wondering whether anyone else in the room thought it odd that the Marchioness had miscounted. With her two sons and her daughter-in-law, the Marchioness could already claim three offspring.

Since no one showed any sign that they even noticed her gaffe, Iona tucked her hands onto her lap and gave the Marchioness a compassionate smile. “It cheers me to know that I am so welcome here,” she said and then cleared her throat. “I’d been worried, considering the circumstances—”

“Shouldn’t dinner be just about ready to be served?” Edward interrupted her to ask the room in general. His wondering about dinner was not only a tad odd, it was wholly unnecessary. Rogers, their butler, would announce the meal when it was ready. “I believe we should adjourn to the dining room. Don’t you agree, Father?”

The Marquess tried to clear his throat several times before giving up and simply nodding his approval.

While the Marchioness clung to Iona’s arm, Maryanne moved to help her father-in-law from his seat. Edward’s tight and awkward manner eased as he approached Iona and offered to escort her. She noticed that Nathan had tried to reach her first but he’d been sidetracked by his father, who had purposefully stumbled into his path and shook his head violently.

“You look lovely tonight,” Edward said, his voice deepening and his whole face lighting up, giving Iona the impression that he thought the world existed just for her.

“Thank you, Lord Snaddon,” she said, her brows knitting. She’d heard stories of Edward’s charms but had never actually seen them in action. Unlike most men, his weren’t in the flowery language he used, which as they walked across the hall into the dining room amounted to nothing but drivel, but in the way his navy blue eyes tried to coax her attention.

Though it was probably an affecting ploy for some women, thanks to her wealth of experience with the games men played, Iona found herself quite immune.

Once they were seated at a finely carved round table in the tidy dining room, decorated with a fantastic sage and lavender wallpaper where cranes were flying over exotic bridges toward snowcapped mountains, two footmen carried in the first course, pigeon bisque with a heavy cream and garnished with beetroot.

After taking a taste of the soup, Lady Portfry began recounting stories from Edward’s childhood. She spoke in glowing terms about how Edward had been the ideal son. Several times the Marquess nodded his head in agreement.

Iona’s confusion over Nathan’s family deepened. It was usual and expected for a devoted mama to embellish a son’s qualities to a perspective wife. But the marriage date had been set. And Nathan, not Edward, was Iona’s intended.

So why hadn’t the Marchioness even recognized Nathan’s presence in the room, much less try and promote his positive qualities?

Although Iona had never heard an unkind word spoken against the Marchioness, as she listened to the endless stories of how quickly Edward had learned to ride a horse, she couldn’t help but wonder whether the poor lady was a little wrong in the upper story.

“I simply know you will enjoy living at Callaway Abbey,” the Marchioness said after the servants served the main dish, an aromatic potted beef and potatoes dish that was heavily seasoned with savory. “The Nottinghamshire weather in early fall is lovely. We can take picnics to the Vale of the Trent. And shopping excursions into Nottingham.”

Live at Callaway Abbey?

Iona felt the blood rush from her head.

Riverside picnics and shopping excursions? She hadn’t yet thought about where she was going to live once she was married. It was distressing to think that she’d be away from London and her family. “I-I rather thought Lord Nathan and I might make use of his London—”

“Do not even think such a thing,” Edward scoffed. “We will never abandon you to the whims of my brother. Besides you’ll be happier at Callaway than in the crowded city.”

“But I—”

“There is no need to feel shy about this, Iona. No matter what, you should always consider Callaway your home,” Edward insisted.

Iona shot Nathan a questioning look.

He gave her a helpless shrug, which did nothing to soothe her growing alarm. Her concerns about marrying Nathan and having him wrest away her independence were beginning to appear misdirected. It wasn’t Nathan she needed to be worried about but his family. Apparently they’d already planned her future.

One that didn’t include her husband.

After realizing this much, one thing became crystal-clear in her mind. The long-suffering, obedient lady who would quietly accept such a fate no longer existed—if she ever had. She’d lived too much in this short span of weeks, thanks to Nathan’s tutelage, to willingly hand over control of her life again.

She dabbed the napkin to her lips and drew a steadying breath. “With all due respect, Nathan, I will not be foisted onto your family like some unwanted bride, no matter how welcoming the home.”

“She will be living with me,” Nathan said gruffly.

“Well,” the Marchioness huffed, “we will certainly have to discuss this with the Duke. I doubt he’ll be pleased to hear about any of this.”

“I assure you that you’ll be happy at Callaway,” Edward said, his eyes trying their devil’s best to win her over.

The Marquess grunted.

Only Maryanne, wearing a curious frown, kept silent.

Amidst the confusion, Iona knitted her brows and peered closely at Nathan. She couldn’t remember ever seeing him look so discomposed. Chink by chink, his family was tearing him down—and not with a blatant, defendable attack. No, their assault was more insidious than that. Every time one of them ignored his very existence, the crooked, devil-may-care smirk she’d fallen in love with had slipped and was slowly being replaced by an unquestionably broody glower.

“She will be my wife, not yours,” Nathan said to Edward, looking downright miserable. “And I believe it’s up to me to decide where she will live.”

With the handle of his spoon, the Marquess tapped on his glass filled with Madeira, nearly drowning out Nathan’s voice. “This is a celebration,” he said once he’d won everyone’s attention. “We can work out the details of the marriage at a later time.”

He lifted his glass and offered Iona a warm smile. “To my future daughter-in-law.” He coughed. “Damned shame about the how, my dear. Rest assured, we don’t hold it against you.” He coughed again, harder this time. “Can’t say I’m surprised…after my boy ruined the miller’s daughter and drove her to her grave, I feared he’d one day repeat his mistake. I am truly sorry.”

Not quite the kind of toast Iona was willing to drink to. She lowered her glass while everyone else took a tentative sip.

The Marchioness’s glass was still raised in the air. “By Jove and he picked the most respected lady in all England to ruin,” she said. “You should have never trusted that he would reform his ways. You should have sent him out of the country after that first incident.”

Iona had had quite enough. As if ignoring Nathan wasn’t enough, his own family saw nothing wrong with vilifying him in front of the woman he intended to marry as if he were the very devil.

What she couldn’t figure out was why in blazes he chose to passively sit there and take such abuse. She certainly wouldn’t—not anymore.

Tossing down her napkin, she pushed back from the table and sprang to her feet. “I beg your pardon but what you are saying about Nathan is a lie. He would never dishonor a lady in such an unthinkable manner. I don’t understand why the lot of you chooses to believe such lies about one of your own. Shouldn’t a family be loyal to each other?”

“He is no longer part of this family!” the Marchioness shouted, stunning the room into an uncomfortable silence. Tears suddenly flooded her eyes. Her hands were shaking miserably.

“He eventually offered for Miss Hartfield,” Maryanne said quietly.

“Not without letting the poor ruined girl first worry about her future for three horrid months, alone and heartbroken over his cold dismissal. She left a letter,” the Marchioness said. Her fork dropped onto her plate with a clatter. “I never told anyone about this but the distraught girl wrote a letter before she took her life. Her mother brought it to me.”

“This isn’t the time,” Edward said. “As Father has already said, we are supposed to be enjoying a celebration dinner. Let us talk about something more pleasant.”

“There was a letter?” Nathan asked. His face had turned white as a sheet.

“She wrote pages about her pain and the unrequited love she felt for you and of promises made only to be broken,” the Marchioness said. “She loved without question, believing that love was being returned. Once she learned that you didn’t love her, she felt her life was no longer worth living.”

Edward shifted nervously in his seat. He took a bite of his beef and chewed noisily.

“That was the reason?” Nathan whispered. “When I left her that night, I was convinced she and I had come to an understanding. When I learned what she’d done to herself, I couldn’t believe it…couldn’t understand why she’d choose death over me. I offered her everything…yet she chose death.” He drew an unsteady breath.

“It is true?” Iona’s head grew cold and the room willowy white. “Tell me different, Nathan.”

He kept confoundingly silent.

“Please, tell me this is a jest.”

“Perhaps it is for the best that you know the full truth about Nathan’s part in the tragedy before the wedding, dear,” the Marchioness said. She took a sip from her glass of Madeira. “It was a terrible trial for us all. The night before Edward’s wedding day, the miller’s daughter showed up on our front stoop soaked through and through from the drenching rains. She was shivering and in tears. What was I to do, turn her away?

“At first I thought it was some nightmarish joke. It sounded as if the distraught girl was saying that Edward had-had—” She gulped for a breath. “But how could that be? Edward would never do anything like that. He’d never displayed any of the rakish behaviors Nathan proudly flaunted all around the village and in London. Edward is a good boy. A son a mother could truly feel pride toward.”

A sickly dread set Iona’s fingers trembling. She clung to her belief in Nathan’s innocence as tightly as she gripped the back of her chair. “Once you were able to calm Miss Hartfield, she told you what?” she asked.

“Oh no, the girl was hysterical. Out of her head with grief. She just kept weeping. It was a terrible thing to behold…and with a house filled with wedding guests.”

“If she wouldn’t tell you, how did you manage to find out that it wasn’t Edward she was seeking?”

“Why, from Edward of course,” the Marchioness said. “He came down and found us in the parlor. He took one look at the poor girl and told us he’d never before laid eyes on her and couldn’t imagine what she could want from him.”

Something about that tragic night didn’t ring true. Why would Miss Hartfield ask for Edward when, in truth, she was seeking out Nathan? “So what did you do? How did you get her to ever make any sense?”

“I didn’t. I bundled the girl in several blankets and was about to send her home when Nathan came along. He took one long look at her and drew her into his arms.”

“I told Mother,” Nathan said, his voice impossibly hard, “and Father. In his study. That I was responsible.” He blinked up at Iona. “I am sorry. But it is true. I took responsibility for her unfortunate condition.”

“That was when he offered to marry Miss Hartfield,” Maryanne added. “I overheard the conversation. I couldn’t sleep that night, too nervous about my wedding to even stay in bed. I took a walk in the conservatory, thinking I’d be alone. But I wasn’t. Nathan was in there, talking with Miss Hartfield. Pleading with her.”

“You heard?” Nathan said.

“Maryanne!” Edward roared. He was suddenly on his feet and reaching over the table, looking like he might pluck his wife up by her neck. “You vowed you wouldn’t ever speak a word about that night!”

The room grew uncomfortably silent again.

“You knew?” Nathan whispered to Maryanne, who was cowering in her chair.

Iona watched as the fear faded from Maryanne’s sharp features. The woman straightened her spine, folded her linen napkin into a neat square and smoothed its seams before nodding slowly. “I hated you for it, Nathan,” she said. “I hated you for showing me that my future husband had ice for a heart. Imagine the shock. He’d put on quite a show for my family and me. We all thought he was besotted with me. Such a young fool I was. Besotted.”

“You don’t have to do this,” Nathan said.

“Yes, I do. For Iona’s sake and my own. For more than eight years, I’ve let a lie rule my life…and I have been miserable for it. I’ve kept quiet, believing it to be my duty. Believing that my happiness and self-respect weren’t important.” She touched her hand to Iona’s. “That chilly night in the conservatory, my heart broke. How could it not? I heard Miss Hartfield confess to Nathan that while Edward was courting me, he was telling her—using the same flowery words he’d used on me—that he loved her and longed to marry her.”

Maryanne’s bitterness rippled through the room. “And no, Edward, I will not keep silent about this a moment longer. Nor will I let you act like a tyrant anymore. Be warned, I am taking back control of my marriage, my life…and tending to my heart.

“I accepted this marriage. My fairytale marriage! Me, an heiress whose father came from a humble mining family. What was I to do? Break my family’s hearts and trample their hopes because I learned the fairytale was a lie? In the end, you and I both got what we wanted—you took my fortune to fritter away and I got a title and the life of a peer.”

“You let Nathan take the blame?” Iona asked.

“At the time, it seemed reasonable. I felt no fondness toward my future brother-in-law. He was a bounder, a cad like his brother. Let Miss Hartfield have a terrible life with him. If not for the two of them, my beautiful illusion wouldn’t have been ripped away—not like that. If I knew she was going to refuse Nathan’s marriage offer and take her own life, I might have acted differently.” She sighed. “I hope I would have.”

“What are you saying?” the Marquess whispered. His gaze swept over to where Nathan was seated. “What is she saying?” he asked more forcefully.

“I’m saying I feel lucky that my love for Edward wasn’t as irrevocable as Miss Hartfield’s,” Maryanne said, her words clipped and quickly spoken. “He was the one who seduced the miller’s daughter, not Nathan.”

“Nathan…” The Marquess’s lips quivered as he swallowed hard. He dragged his hand over his mouth and shook his head as if he didn’t know what to say. The room was silent until he slammed his fist against the dinner table, making the plates jump and clatter. “But you were… You claimed…”

“Maryanne is speaking the truth?” Iona asked Nathan once she had enough of this drama.

After glancing around the room, Nathan nodded awkwardly. Her heart went out to him. A little boy’s fears and hopes were sketched on his stricken brow. He turned to his mother, whose expression was still tightly pinched and whose brows were still deeply troubled. He reached out to her with the tentative care of a child with a broken toy, hoping his parent could magically repair the damage.

“I thought I was doing the right thing,” he said.

For too many thundering heartbeats nothing happened.

And then, silently, his mother broke into a sob and pulled her youngest son into her arms.

From over the Marchioness’ shoulder, Nathan’s celestial blue gaze met Iona’s. She saw a tear sliding down his cheek a moment before he turned his head away.





Chapter Twenty-One

In the explosion of emotion that followed Maryanne’s announcement—mostly aimed toward Edward—Nathan rounded the table, grabbed Iona’s wrist and whisked her from the room and out of the madness of his family’s house. This was a deeply personal family matter that didn’t need to be sullying her ears.

The topic of discussion was shocking enough. Not only had his father launched into roars of anger over Edward’s callous treatment of Miss Hartfield, he’d also decried how—just a couple of weeks ago—he’d been compelled to pay a high sum of money to the illustrious actress, Rose Darly, in order to keep her and Edward’s scandalous affair from going public.

In the blessed silence of the night, heavy clouds marched across the sky high above them with the stately grace of soldiers on review. A low thunder rumbled through the air.

Despite the threat of rain, determination drove Nathan as he charged across Brock Street and deep into the damp grasses of Crescent Field. Once they were far beyond the reach of the road, he released Iona to give her a chance to catch her breath.

He wanted nothing more in the world than to take her into his arms and kiss away the concern that had creased her brow. But when he moved toward her, she held up her hands and kept him at arm’s length.

“Why?” she asked, her petite chest fluttering with her quickened breath. Lightning streaked crossed the early evening sky. “All these years…why did you let them believe the worst of you?”

His reasoning had once seemed so simple. He’d done what he needed to do.

A trio of cows hurried past them, the bells around their necks ringing as the beasts sought shelter from the imminent storm.

“What else was I to do? Let Edward turn Miss Hartfield out of Callaway Abbey and leave her to struggle on her own? How could I let that happen?” Perhaps, in trying to escape his wild youth, he had been grasping for crumbs of redemption. Or perhaps it had been yet another ploy to get his father to take notice of him.

“You should have told your parents the truth!” she shouted. A surprising rage shuddered through her.

“Why? What good would have come from that?”

She shrank away. Hell, he didn’t mean to scare her. He dredged in an uneven breath and ran his hand through his hair, tugging until his scalp stung.

“Right or wrong, Iona, I chose to own up to Edward’s mistakes with the hope that my father would see that I was taking the responsible path…that he’d see me. But it didn’t work out that way. All my life it’s been the same.”

“Oh, Nathan…”

“I don’t want your pity.”

“Good, because I have no intention of giving you any.” She shoved his chest. “You are a foolish, foolish man.” She shoved him again. “And now you finally have your family. This is all your fault!”

He grabbed her wrists before she could take another swing at him. “What in blazes are you angry about?”

She blinked furiously. “If you had told your parents the truth all those years ago and let Edward’s wedding day fall to pieces, those rumors wouldn’t have torn apart your reputation.”

“And?” Nathan prodded, still confounded by her anger.

“And I wouldn’t have sought you out for lessons, because you wouldn’t have been branded a dangerous rogue in the first place. If you’d told the truth, we wouldn’t be in this trouble right now. Forced into marriage indeed!”

“That’s true. If I hadn’t done what I did, we wouldn’t be engaged right now. Instead you’d be planning a wedding with your stodgy cousin, Lovington.” He cupped her cheeks with his hands and made sure their gazes were touching. “Is that what you wanted?”

“Of course not.” But then again he already knew that.

“What has upset you, Iona? Tell me.”

“I didn’t want this!” She flapped her hands helplessly. “I thought you’d become a shameless rogue, a rake…and I had sought to use you! If not for your battered reputation, I would have never chased after you. Don’t you see?”

“I’m afraid I do.” Guilt was eating at her. She was still hiding in her gilded cage, afraid to leave the safety of the known. His graceful songbird desperately needed the freedom to fly.

“Good.” She crossed her arms and stubbornly turned her head away.

He didn’t understand it, didn’t even bother to question it but he knew deep in his heart he was the only gentleman who knew her well enough to be able to give his spirited Iona her wings.

“The scandal wasn’t your fault, Iona. The moment I saw you at the beginning of this summer I knew what I was going to do. I chased you with one goal in mind—marriage.”

“No,” she whispered.

“We’re both guilty. Does that make you feel better? You wanted to use my scathing reputation to free yourself from an unhappy engagement. I wanted to use your spotless reputation, hoping to clean some of the tarnish from mine. I hoped, rather naïvely I suppose, that if my family saw that you could accept and love me that they would too.”

“But my reputation is now as tattered as yours…and it’s all my fault. I seduced you.”

Nathan pressed a finger to her lips. “You worked a miracle for me. My father addressed me by my name and didn’t curse me with his next breath. And my mother—did you see her?—she hugged me.”

“It wasn’t me who worked that miracle, Nathan. The truth simply needed to come out. In order for those wounds to heal, the truth needed to be told.”

“Even so.” He tilted up her chin. “You fought like a beautiful harridan for my honor. I came to Bath looking for a proper wife. What I found was a daring, sensual lady. Oh, my sweet, I am the luckiest man in England.” He brushed her lips with a grateful kiss.

Tears streamed down her cheeks. “And now you have everything you could possibly want.” She sounded utterly miserable about it too.

“I love you,” he insisted, pulling her into his arms. “Don’t worry about your reputation. I hope you haven’t so quickly forgotten my rogue’s lessons. As long as we have each other—and our love—we can weather any storm.”

Iona didn’t want to hear this. Couldn’t hear this. Not because she didn’t share the emotion. Her heart ached. The tender organ was filled with so much love for him it literally ached. But sometimes love wasn’t enough.

What would happen to them once they were married and her wants and desires were swept away by his life? Would she grow to resent him? To hate him for keeping her from ever discovering just how far her independence could have taken her?

It broke her heart to even imagine what that seed of resentment might grow into.

A crash of thunder shook the ground.

“There is a burning question I should have asked you over a week ago.” Holding her hand, Nathan sank down onto one knee. “Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?”

“Please,” she sobbed, “do not torment me like this. The first banns have already been read. The ceremony is going to be held in a week and a half. There is no backing out now.”

She ripped away from him and started to run home. Nathan chased after her, grabbed her shoulders and spun her around.

“There’s no guarantee that this course you’ve set for yourself will make you happy,” Nathan said.

“Don’t you think I already know that? Don’t you understand that I’ve been promised all my life that if I simply did as I was told and kept silent about my desires that my obedience would be rewarded? That I’d be happy?”

She stomped her pretty foot. “I’m not happy, Nathan. I’m restless. And I want more. More freedom. More choices.”

Her curled fist touched her heart. “I want the opportunity to try.”

Tears sprang to her eyes. “How will I know who I’m supposed to be if I’m never given the chance to find out?”

Nathan closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. To that, he had no answer. He wanted to give Iona the sun, the moon, the stars—her freedom. How could he possibly take that away from her? She deserved to be her own person. She deserved to at least have the chance to find her own path.

He’d be no better than the bucks and beaus spending countless hours trying to seduce her into marriage if he was to take her freedom away from her. He’d accomplished what no gentleman could, he’d won her heart. But without her happiness, it was an empty victory.

“If you don’t wish to marry me, just say the word. Just say the word and I will walk away.”

“You cannot, your reputation, your family. They have only just accepted you again. Whether I want it or not, there is no backing out of this.”

“None of that matters, Iona. If you don’t wish to marry me, I will disappear from England. I will take all the blame.”

Thunder crackled just as the sky opened up and sent the late summer rains flooding down on them.

“I don’t want you coming to me out of a feeling of duty,” he said. “I would rather spend the rest of my days wandering aimlessly on the Continent than have you do that. Don’t you understand? A marriage involves two individuals working together, making decisions together and, yes, giving up their independence so they can be together.”

“I don’t want to be alone.” He barely heard her whisper.

“That isn’t enough! I’m not willing to be your least objectionable option!”

“You’re not the least objectionable—”

“If you come to this marriage with doubts, you will eventually end up hating me and yourself. And I wouldn’t be able to survive that. Not after living all these years under the heel of my parents’ scorn. So if you don’t love me and truly don’t want this marriage, have a little compassion on me and let me know now. Not after the wedding vows have been said and our union sealed.”

He steadied himself for the worst. “So tell me the truth, Iona. What do you want?”

Rain mixed with the tears pouring down her pale cheeks. She blinked up at him. “What do I want? I’ve been waiting for years for someone to ask me just that,” she said quietly.

His heart sank.

“My greatest desire has been to explore my passion for sculpture and to learn how to coax beautiful figures from stone. And I don’t want to leave my family. They have been my life for so long that I cannot imagine living apart from them.”

“I see,” Nathan said.

So that was it. This was to be goodbye. He turned to plod up the hill and back toward the Royal Crescent.

Iona grabbed his wrist. “When I thought your father was going to send you away, none of that meant anything to me. My world came tearing apart when I thought I might never see you again.”

She turned her face into the driving rain. “I know now that I am strong enough to live a life without you…”

He tried to pull away from her but she wouldn’t let him go.

“But such a world would be horribly incomplete.” She wiped the damp hair from her face. “You make me complete, Nathan.”

He gathered her into his arms and, lifting her off her feet, swung her in a wide circle. “I promise, my love, your dreams will always be safe with me.”





Epilogue

“It’s time,” Nathan’s mother said and gave his hand a squeeze.

Nathan had dreamt of this day ever since Iona had burst into his friend’s study and ignited his heart two years ago. In none of those fairytale-wedding-day dreams did he imagine he’d be feeling unduly queasy.

He emerged from the Callaway Abbey parlor and tugged on his gloves. By all accounts this morning was going to be perfect. The servants had outdone themselves, decorating the entry hall, staircase and ballroom with garlands of fragrant jasmine, honeysuckle and passionflowers. The Marquess’s cheeks were pink with health as he paced by the door, mumbling that they mustn’t be late.

“You are going to make every lady at the ceremony weep at the sight of you,” his friend, Viscount Evers, said. He pounded Nathan on the shoulder.

“Something isn’t right,” Nathan grumbled, his blue tailcoat beginning to feel too tight. His light gray breeches too loose. And he feared his white hose were in imminent danger of slipping down around his ankles.

Maryanne kissed his cheek as he plodded out toward the waiting carriage. “Everything will be fine,” she whispered in his ear. Edward, standing obediently at her side, scowled.

“If we don’t leave soon, we’ll be bumping up against the bridal party,” his mother warned as she hurried down the steps. “We can’t have that. Come along. Come along.”

“I am sorry, Mother.” Nathan marched back into the house. “But I’m not yet ready.”

* * * *

“It’s simply nerves,” Iona’s mother said in a hushed voice to the Duke. “She will be fine once we get to the church.”

Iona dabbed her eyes, not at all sure why she was crying. This was her wedding day. And, unlike many young ladies in her position, she loved her intended. And he loved her. She was fabulously lucky. So why should her eyes be leaking so?

“Are you sure?” her father asked. “She looks damned miserable if you ask me. I won’t give her away to him if he’s going to make her this unhappy.”

“She’ll be fine.” Her mother pushed him toward the door. “The carriages are already lined up outside. Once the Portfrys have left for the church, we won’t have much time before we will need to follow. And there is still much to be done.”

“Very well,” her father said and left them alone.

“I do wish you would stop crying,” Lillian said and dabbed a handkerchief to her red-rimmed eyes. “Your tears are making the rest of us gloomy.”

“I can’t seem to stop. I truly don’t wish to weep all the way down the aisle. I truly don’t.”

“It’s simply nerves,” her mother reassured her.

“You said the Marquess’s carriages haven’t yet left for the church?” Iona asked. She jumped up from her chair. Gracie, her maid, gave a pained shout as over half the hairpins she’d used to diligently pin a long veil into Iona’s coiffure of elaborate curls sprang free.

Iona poked her head out the open window. The carriages were indeed still neatly lined up and waiting to be loaded. She heaved a deep sigh of relief.

“I have to see him,” she said and tossed open the door.

“No!” both Gracie and Lillian cried.

“It would be unseemly!” her mother shouted as she chased after Iona.

* * * *

Before Nathan reached the top of the stairs, a flutter of silk-trimmed white muslin crashed into his chest. Out of sheer self-preservation, he wrapped his arms around the blur of pearly white fabrics and braced himself against the wall to keep them both from taking a tumble down the marble stairs.

A pair of tear-stained cornflower blue eyes blinked up at him. “I-I desperately need to tell you something,” his lovely bride-to-be said. “I’ve waited too long already.”

Nathan’s heart sank into his toes. “I was afraid of this.” Not giving her a chance to utter a sound, he scooped her up into his arms. “Before you say anything, let me first show you what I’ve done.”

With the Duchess of Newbury shouting the roof down with warnings for him to stop at that instant, Nathan charged down the stairs and out the front door. “Harry,” he called to the carriage driver, “get us to the Holme Crossing cottage without haste.”

“This is ridiculous, Nathan, put me down.” Iona beat her tiny fists against his chest. He refused to release her until he was seated in the carriage with her sprawled across his lap.

“Now see here,” the Duke of Newbury said. He swung open the carriage door and joined them inside.

“You aren’t planning to do anything reckless, are you, Son?” the Marquess asked as he climbed in from the opposite side. No sooner had the four of them settled on the carriage benches did Harry set the contraption into motion.

“We’re going to the cottage,” Nathan said. He wasn’t going to let either man bully him into changing his mind.

The countryside raced past the window. And then the village. And finally the medieval and somewhat damp stone church crowded with wedding guests.

The carriage then made a haphazard turn and started to bounce down a grassy lane.

“We’re not going to the church?” Iona asked, her eyes growing wide with alarm. “What are you doing, Nathan?”

“You will see,” he said. “I won’t have you worried about your future with me. I won’t have you standing in front of the vicar, miserable with tears.”

“But, Nathan, I was running down the stairs to tell you—”

He pressed his lips to hers in order to keep her from telling him something he might not want to hear. She had to see what he’d done for her first. Then she would change her mind. Then her smiles would return.

“Well, I suppose if we’re doling out wedding gifts,” the Marquess grumbled, “I should like to give you mine. The Holme Crossing estate and manor.”

“That is where we are now,” Nathan explained to Iona. She peered out the window. Her mouth formed a delightful moue. “Holme Crossing’s lands are adjacent to Callaway Abbey.”

“It’s beautiful,” she said as they passed over a wooden bridge and an emerald trickling stream that fed into the Trent River.

“Father is giving us permission to live in the estate’s manor house and to have control over the property’s management.”

“Oh!” Iona smiled up at him through a haze of tears. “An estate of your own to run. That is wonderful.”

The Marquess cleared his throat. “There’s more, Nathan. The estate is unentailed. And this morning I signed over the deed to you. The land is yours.”

Nathan nearly fell off the bench. “You did?”

Iona squeezed his hand just as the carriage drew to a stop.

Before anyone could move, the Duke grumbled something under his breath. “I had planned a grand speech but if we are announcing the wedding gifts now,” he said. He reached in his pocket and drew out a scroll of foolscap. “I have purchased a London townhouse in Mayfair. It’s a block from our home, Iona.” His eyes grew misty. He gruffly cleared his throat. “I expect frequent visits.”

She gingerly accepted the deed to the property. “Thank you, Papa,” she whispered.

“That is indeed generous,” Nathan said, his heart filling with joy at the sight of Iona’s returning smile. “And now, my love, I have a gift for you.”

He dropped a brass key into her lacy-gloved hand.

“What is this for?” She was frowning at the key when chaos broke out all around them. The rest of their families had chased them down and were wasting no time in piling out of the carriages.

“Where are we?” Nathan heard Lady Lillian’s shrill voice.

Once everyone was standing in front of the tidy little thatched-roofed cottage, Nathan prompted Iona, who was still frowning over the key, to open the door.

She gasped when she saw the inside. Her hands covering her mouth, she wandered into the cottage. “My art supplies.” She ran her hands over her sketchbooks.

“And the finest tools for sculpting,” Nathan pointed out. “As well as the best instructors London can provide. As I’ve been trying to tell you for the past several weeks, Thomas Barker was quite impressed with your work and he wants to introduce you to several of his friends in the artist community.”

“How wonderful,” the Duchess said.

Iona sighed. Her gaze returned to the brass key she was holding in her lacy-gloved hands with reverent care. “This is one of the finest gifts I’ve ever received.” A tear trailed down her cheek. “The key to my heart.”

And then she brushed his cheek with a tender kiss in front of her family and his. “I love you,” she said with a warrior’s conviction. “I love you, Lord Nathan Wynter. That is why I ran down the stairs. Because I realized I hadn’t yet told you. But you needed to know. There isn’t anyone in this world I would want for a husband save for you.”

All of a sudden Nathan understood her tears. Indeed he felt close to spilling a few himself. She’d given him the greatest possible gift—a declaration of her unconditional love in front of his family.

“Oh my!” she exclaimed. “We’re late for our wedding!”

He swept her up into his arms.

“Let them wait,” he said and gave her a slow passionate kiss.





TAKEN BY MOONLIGHT





In memory of Abu

Sometimes I wondered if you were a wolf in pup’s clothing. Despite the challenges we faced together, you were a damn good dog. Thank you for sixteen years of unconditional love. Run free, my sweet pup, run free.





Chapter One

London, 1813

“Is that her?” Vlad Kaverin demanded, his voice brisk, imposing, as if he expected the world to bow at his feet. The large man flexed his oversized muscles, straining the seams of his superfine jacket as he took several steps across the highly polished ballroom to stand with his hands on his hips directly beneath a brightly lit chandelier.

“Could you keep your voice down to a low growl?” Dimitri shouldered the Russian back into the shadows. Vlad hadn’t stopped snarling since they’d arrived. The sight of his sour expression alone would no doubt send half the gently bred ladies present at the ball tonight into a fit of vapors. Vlad, who was built like a rugged dock worker with his large hands and wide, muscular body, clearly didn’t fit in with the bon ton crowding the ballroom that night.

Neither could Dimitri claim to be one of England’s elite, for that matter. But he’d lived with the humans long enough to know how to fake his way through high society. “Were supposed to keep a low profile,” Dimitri whispered to his pack’s alpha.

“Don’t tell me what to do. Just answer my question. Are you sure it’s her?” Vlad’s low growl warned that just how close the alpha was to attacking, which wasn’t wise. Quick, deadly movements might work when hunting in some deep, dark wood, but success in the ballroom required a predator’s ability to bide his time, carefully luring the prey to come to him.

“Yes, I am certain,” Dimitri said with a sigh.

That was all he planned to say about the lady in question. He’d barely moved his lips even. And he certainly didn’t budge from where he stood leaning against a marble column in the Duke of Duncaster’s ballroom.

Dimitri watched with a slow, deceptively bored gaze as Lady Amelia Routledge allowed herself to be led out to the dance floor on the arm of yet another popinjay. Earlier in the evening he had taken his turn. Her sun-streaked light brown hair sparkled like diamonds threaded through silk as she passed under the gilded chandelier hanging high above them.

“Well, I don’t know,” Vlad growled. “She looks nothing like Sasha or Lev.”

“It’s her.” Dimitri had watched the graceful creature over the past year. Had even been close enough to smell the scent of their pack on her skin.

Keeping tabs on her the month she’d spent at her family’s country estate in the far northern reaches of England had proven difficult, but for Dimitri, stealth came as naturally as breathing.

“Well, then, if that’s the case, I should bed her immediately,” Vlad said.

Dimitri dug his nails into his fisted hands until he felt his own blood stain his white gloves. “Naturally, I bow to your authority.”

Lady Amelia wore a muslin gown that reminded him of a summer-blue sky. It matched her sparkling blue eyes. Her ripe young breasts pressed against the delicate fabric as if begging for a man’s touch. Her full, heart-shaped lips formed a natural pout. Lips like those could keep a man edgy all night long. And her long legs… Dimitri could imagine only too vividly how they’d feel wrapped around his hips.

He blew out a ragged breath. He’d spent countless days dreaming of the beautiful lady. Everything about her called to his baser, wilder instincts, and a few possessive ones he hadn’t realized existed. He sure as hell didn’t want Vlad anywhere near her, an innocent and delicate lady of the realm. So he pushed that image out of his mind. Instead, he watched as Lady Amelia danced with another gentleman.

Pale and as lovely as the moon, she reminded him of finely spun glass. Precious and extremely breakable. She was no doubt the kind of empty-headed young lady who would be easy to get along with, a trait prized in the ballrooms of London. She’d make an ideal wife to any one of the gentlemen present tonight.

Which was most, most unfortunate.

The lady was a beautiful flower, a diamond of the first water. Beautiful and useless. Once the pack got their hands on her, he couldn’t imagine anything but disaster in Lady Amelia’s future. And it troubled him more than he liked.

What the hell had the humans done to the offspring of two of the world’s most powerful wolves?

The pack’s future rested in her hands? Her helpless hands? Well then, that was it. They were already doomed.

Vlad and his pack were going to eat her alive.

* * * *

I am such a fraud.

Lady Amelia Routledge—Lia to her friends—danced the quadrille as if she were a clever automaton, smiling sweetly at all the appropriate places, but just going through the motions. She had loving parents, a generous dowry, and every advantage a young lady could hope to have. And yet, she selfishly wanted more—needed more.

It wasn’t baubles or diamonds or anything so garish, nothing that could be bought that she craved. Nor friends or admirers. She had no shortage of either. Her parents, the Earl of Hawthorn, the renowned diplomat and his countess, loved her and doted on their only child as if the sun rose and set just for her. Because of them, she never wanted for anything. She considered herself the most fortunate lady in London.

And yet, something was missing from her life. An emptiness burned in her chest. Her mind constantly whirled. Her body felt restless. She rarely slept anymore. In her search for fulfillment, she’d dedicated hours every week to her charity work. She’d sought scholarly pursuits that more often than not left her head pounding.

She’d even fallen in love…once.

She could quote Shakespeare, Keats, and Byron, name the constellations in the night sky, discuss the merits and hazards of the Corn Laws, and tell anyone who cared to ask why love wasn’t worth the time. But she couldn’t douse the infernal fire that grew hotter with the passing of every day. Even now, despite the frivolity of the ball, it scorched her, threatening to consume her.

She’d give anything—everything—to find the cause of her unhappiness.

“You dance exquisitely, Lady Amelia,” her latest partner, Lord Duncan, commented as the set drew to a close.

“Thank you,” Lia answered with a gentle tilt of her head. “And you were a delightful partner. You only managed to stomp my toes three times.”

Lord Duncan chuckled. Unlike most of the eligible gentlemen in the room, he had no desire to win her or her tempting dowry.

“Have you seen Clarissa—er—Miss Sutton this evening?” he asked. This Season hapless Duncan was hopelessly in love with Lia’s cousin, Clarissa.

“She was dancing with Captain Jakes, I believe.”

“Ack, my poor dove’s feet! You should have told me so I could have saved her from that lead-booted cad.”

“And I suppose your feet are feathers?”

Lord Duncan scowled. “I apologize for that. My mind wasn’t on the dance.”

“No, it was on Clarissa. Come.” She patted his arm, not ready to let him go just yet. “Escort me to the refreshments room. You can tell me more about that young gelding you’re thinking of purchasing.”

He brightened at the mention of his horses. He could speak for hours on that particular topic. Lia half-listened as they made their way across the crowded ballroom.

She felt safe clinging to her old friend’s arm when so many of the gentleman at tonight’s ball wanted to dance with her, or talk with her, or flirt with her. It was a hazard of possessing such a large dowry and having spent one too many Seasons on the marriage mart. At one-and-twenty, everyone expected her to be well and wed before the Season’s end.

Marriage, what a dreadful thought. She usually handled the pressure without a jot of trouble. But tonight she was in a mood to snarl and snap.

She hated being confined in such a crowded space while pretending she was nothing more than a mindless, empty-headed twit. Being forced to play such a game while trapped in an overheated crowded space would overset anyone’s nerves.

But no, if she were to be honest with herself, it wasn’t the ballroom that had her nerves on edge tonight. It was the devilishly masculine, dark-eyed Lord Carew making the back of her neck prickle and her cheeks feel flushed.

He was watching her. She could feel his heated gaze even now.

His intense interest frightened her.

Yes, frightened, she firmly told herself as she and Lord Duncan edged their way through the crowd toward the far end of the room. She’d been frightened, not intrigued, by Lord Carew. Definitely not fascinated by his wickedly dark eyes or brooding looks that made him perfectly suited to play the tragic hero in some horrid gothic novel. She didn’t even like gothic novels.

She’d waltzed with him. Though his gloved hands had never strayed from their proper places, and he never stepped closer than what society deemed acceptable, that singular set had set Lia’s heart to pounding. His intoxicating scent, a delicious aroma that conjured images of fresh dewy mornings in the woods and vast open spaces, had left her uncharacteristically giddy. And though the waltz had ended several hours ago, she could feel his warm touch on her body as if he possessed her still.

Even more unsettling than her uncharacteristic reaction to him had been the knowing look she’d read in his dark, sensual gaze. It had flickered there for just a moment and then was gone. It had made her feel as if he knew her smiles and flirts were as fake as the jewels in Aunt Lettie’s necklace.

But she was being ridiculous, wasn’t she? How could he know anything beyond what she’d showed him? After all, she knew so very little about him.

His emergence on the London scene about a year ago had caused quite a stir. The Town tabbies were still all atwitter about it. The eleventh Viscount Carew had died without an heir. His widow, the Viscountess, had led a lengthy and extensive search to locate a relative who could save the Carew line. And yet, she’d failed. All of the Carew property and assets were in the process of reverting back to the king when this mysterious stranger appeared on the widow’s stoop clutching a family Bible and various other bundles of paperwork that proved he was the one and only heir to the Carew title. Apparently, he was a distant cousin to the former bushy-haired, hawk-nosed Carew. A very distant cousin.

Unlike his predecessor, this newest viscount was as handsome as sin.

Well, certainly he wasn’t that handsome. No man was that handsome. Or worth the bother.

Lia searched where she’d last seen him lounging like a careless roué against a pillar. Sure, he had a certain indefinable luster. He was dressed much like every other gentleman present that night, with a high-collared black dress coat and tails that fell to the backs of his knees, snowy white waistcoat, gleaming ankle boots, and matching breeches. His shirt wasn’t as frilled as many of the gentlemen’s. But the frills, Lia decided, wouldn’t have suited the hard angles of his jaw. His neckcloth, the purest of whites, was folded in a quite pleasing and elaborate horizontal Ballroom Tie knot that, like his clothes, were the height of style. There was nothing overtly special about his outfit. He simply filled out his clothes with superior grace, especially his breeches.

It was wrong for a lady to notice a man’s muscular thighs. But how could she not? His exquisite legs made her yearn to write sonnets, which was very, very unlike her.

She frowned.

His hair, as black as the midnight sky, was longer than fashionable. It made him look as if he’d fallen out of the pages of a maudlin Minerva Press novel. That dratted gothic hero image again. A troubled, romantic lord, hiding some deep and convoluted secret. What a ridiculous thought.

The blasted man was turning her into a fluff brain.

He’d attracted quite a crowd since the end of that last set. Some of the loveliest and most eligible ladies on the marriage mart now surrounded him, all properly chaperoned of course. He said something that made the older matrons in the group giggle and blush.

Lia worried her lower lip and swallowed a lump of jealousy. What in blazes was wrong with her? She did not want anything to do with him. She did not want him flirting with her the way he was currently flirting with a certain pretty little blonde over there. And she certainly did not want to be giggling or blushing like a ninny.

His gaze lifted above the blonde’s head and briefly touched Lia’s. All of the sudden, her mouth went dry.

“Well? What do you think?” Lord Duncan asked.

“I think… I think…” She sighed. “Actually, I don’t know what to think anymore.”

“I beg your pardon?” Lord Duncan’s brow lifted slightly. “You haven’t been attending to a word I’ve said, have you?”

“I…I…” This is what that blasted Carew had done to her, reduced her to a stammering dolt. She did not like the man, not one bit.

Lord Duncan’s gaze followed hers over to where Carew held court. The crowd around him had grown.

“Him? You ignore me for him?” Lord Duncan spat. “I wouldn’t be surprised to learn that bounder is a fraud, a scheming gypsy, a scraping nobody.”

“Somehow I don’t think it would matter. He’s this year’s darling of the ton. Look at him. The matrons adore him.” At that very moment, Carew flashed a dimpled smile, showing off his dazzling white teeth. Lia found it impossible not to smile in response. She shook her head and forced herself to look away. “He knows how to charm without overdoing. It’s a rare thing.”

Lord Duncan grimaced. “There’s something about him.” His grip on her arm tightened. “I do not trust him. And I do not like the way he looks at you. Promise me, Lia. You know I think of you as a sister. And with your parents out of town until the end of this week, I feel responsible for you. Promise me you’ll stay away from him.”

“I have no reason to spend time with him or any gentleman for that matter. You know my thoughts on marriage.” Still, Lia’s cheeks burned at the thought of getting to know Carew better.

What if he invited her for a carriage ride? Would she refuse?

Well, she wouldn’t have to worry about that happening since she didn’t plan to make a cake of herself like those other ladies. “Let’s take a stroll outside on the balcony. It’s far too crowded in here. I can’t seem to breathe.”

Lord Duncan hesitated. His beloved Clarissa, accompanied by her parents, had joined the crowd forming around Lord Carew. So had Lord Duncan’s father, the duke. He reached out and vigorously shook Carew’s hand.

“Has the entire world lost their bloody minds?” Lord Duncan, as if unable to bear seeing another man anywhere near his beloved Clarissa, grabbed Lia’s wrist and pulled her through the double doors out onto the marble portico. Gently curving stairs led into a generous back garden. The air was cooler, clearer, under the dark sky.

Moonlight peeked through a thick gathering of clouds, and the flickering garden torches added a soft glow to the evening. Somewhere in the distance, a church bell started to chime. Several other carillons from churches spread across the town joined in.

For Lia, the need to escape pulled at her with an almost unbreakable strength at night. Lia closed her eyes and soaked in the tugging sounds of the dark and let the night’s cool air seep deep into her bones.

Her heart longed to be out there.

But where?

“I’m not a creature of the ballroom,” she confided in a low whisper.

“I never thought you were,” Lord Duncan replied.

“Then what am I?”

“I don’t know, Lia. You use your mind more than a lady should, more than most men I know for that matter. You’re too clever by half for the ballroom games in there. For as long as I’ve know you, you’ve always been too self-assured, too confident for your own good. It makes you miserable.”

“Perhaps,” Lia said, though she knew Lord Duncan was wrong. She’d met several clever, intelligent, and yes, confident, ladies who were perfectly content in their lives. The use of one’s mind didn’t necessarily doom a lady to unhappiness, despite what most gentlemen were wont to believe.

The musicians began warming up for the next set. Lord Duncan shifted from foot to foot, anxious to return inside and search out his Clarissa again.

“Go on. Off with you now,” Lia said with a smile.

“I cannot leave you.” It was beyond the pale for a young lady to be discovered sans escort. It could ruin her reputation.

“Aunt Lettie is just inside the door there. She watches over me like a hawk watches a field mouse.” The older woman’s purple turban bobbed up and down as she spoke with Lord Duncan’s mother. “She’ll come to me as soon as she sees you leave. I won’t be alone longer than a moment or two. Surely not enough time for any kind of disaster to strike. Besides, isn’t that Clarissa with her parents? And they’re no longer conversing with the mysterious Lord Carew. In fact, I believe she’s waving to you.”

Lord Duncan glanced over his shoulder. Clarissa, bless her, spotted them and actually did wave. “I won’t go far until I see your aunt has joined you,” he promised and moved toward the double doors leading back into the ballroom. Abruptly, he stopped again. “Are you sure? I wouldn’t mind staying a little—”

“Go, before Clarissa latches onto some other dashing rogue.”

With a brisk nod, he hurried off.

Lia smiled and closed her eyes, enjoying the relative solitude of the portico. Her aunt would descend soon enough. Though she loved her aunt dearly—the woman had a heart spun from gold—she was growing tired of Aunt Lettie’s stepped-up efforts at matchmaking.

“Your parents are far too permissive, allowing you to flit from one gentleman’s arm to the next like an empty-headed butterfly,” Aunt Lettie had scolded a few hours before this evening’s ball. “Your father should have married you off to a strong-willed man ages ago. You’re on a dangerous path, my dear. You know what they call women who fail to marry? An ape leader. A spinster. Is that what you want the Town tabbies to whisper behind their hands when they see you? You must to engage your heart and form an alliance before your beauty fades.”

But affairs of the heart were dangerous. Take Lord Carew, for example. Just thinking of him brought a renewed heat to her cheeks. The memory of his pleasing scent flooded her senses as if he stood right beside her. She barely knew him, and he already had too much power over her emotions.

A familiar warmth brushed her arm even now as she thought of him. Instinctually, she recognized it. Lord Carew was nearby.

Not just nearby. She opened her eyes and found herself face-to-face with the one man she suspected she’d do well to avoid, the one man she couldn’t seem to stop thinking about.

Oh, dear! She should have never let Lord Duncan leave her alone in the moonlight. What should she say? How should she act? Her blood pounded through her veins so forcefully, she was certain Carew could hear it. Lia drew in a slow breath in an effort to calm her suddenly racing heart.

“Lady Amelia,” Lord Carew said, his voice a velvety smooth caress. “Your aunt mentioned I would find you here. She is watching us, you see, from the doorway. Would you care to dance?”

“Tsk, tsk, Lord Carew,” she said with fallacious disinterest. “If I were to dance two sets with you in one night, it would be assumed by all and sundry I have developed a fondness for you.”

The corners of his lips pulled up a fraction of an inch, softening his expression just a touch. “And you haven’t?”

“I don’t even know you.”

“Oh, but I imagine you want to.” He sounded so very confident.

Could he really read her so easily? Of course, he couldn’t. All the ladies at the ball had been fawning over him. Why shouldn’t he believe she would want him as well?

“You are too sure of yourself,” she scolded.

“And you are unhappy in your life.”

How could he—? No one had ever guessed the truth she’d worked so hard to keep hidden in her heart. Only Lord Duncan knew of the restlessness that lurked deep inside her, and only because she’d taken him into her confidence.

“This place isn’t for you,” Carew said. “You are happier in the country, away from the glitter and noise of the city, is that not true?”

It was. But she didn’t dare admit it. Especially not to a stranger.

“You flatter yourself and overstep your bounds. You don’t know me.” She started to move back toward the ballroom.

He caught her arm. His heat easily penetrated her gown’s fabric and spread through her body. “I know more about you than I daresay you know about yourself.” He smiled then, a disarming and altogether depreciating grin. “And yet, I don’t wish to spar with you.” His gaze narrowed as he considered her more carefully. “I wonder… What can I do to win a smile from those pretty lips?”

He released her arm and tapped his temple as if trying to puzzle out a tough riddle.

She tamped down an urge to rub away the sudden shock of cold resulting from the absence of his heated touch. She didn’t want him, or any man, touching her.

“I don’t—” she started to protest.

“I believe you wish to prove to me...and yourself...that I am nothing to you. Is that not correct?”

Yes, it was true. She didn’t want to be attracted to any man, especially not this man who could so easily muddle her mind when she most needed her wits. And she certainly didn’t approve of the warmth spreading through her belly just because he was looking at her, and only her. But oh, she dearly wanted him to stay on the portico with her and simply soak in the cool night air while bathing in the healing glow of the moonlight...with him.

Which was ridiculous. She certainly did not approve of the mysterious Lord Carew or of her own unhealthy fascination with him. Let Carew attract some other unwise maiden like a moth to a flame. Love only brought heartache for the woman because men, blast their handsome eyes, only ever desired power and money—two things that held very little value in Lia’s estimation.

Oh, botheration! Perhaps Lord Duncan was right. Perhaps she did make herself miserable by thinking too much. How wonderful it would be to lean in just a little closer, to let his lips brush against hers, to know what it would be like to mindlessly give oneself to another. What would it be like? How freeing…?

“What? No protests? Splendid, my lady. Let the game begin. Come. Prove you have no feelings for me. Prove to me you are more clever and more heartless than I.”

He took her hand and led her not toward the glittering ballroom but down the stone steps and deep into the cool shadows of the garden.

How dare he? He was arrogant and too much in command of himself and everyone around him. She wasn’t his to order about. She had a mind to—

He picked up speed as he led her in a merry chase. They dashed around a potted topiary. The stone pavers sped by under their feet. It felt wonderful to forget herself and simply run under the bright moon like a hoyden. Lia laughed despite herself.

He stopped in the middle of the path and turned her toward him, his hands on her shoulders. He took a moment to catch his breath. Lia felt a more than a little breathless herself. Her heart pounded with life in her chest, and all because she took this reckless sprint away from the crush in the ballroom.

“We don’t have much time,” Carew warned. They stood in the deepest of the shadows that lurked in the farthest reach of the garden, hidden behind a line of thick, prickly hedges that muted tinkling laughter and lively music pouring out of the house.

“Much time for what?” She glanced around. “We really shouldn’t be so far away from the house. My aunt will worry.”

She tried to pull away, but his grip on her shoulders tightened.

“Shh, they’ll be upon us in a moment.”

Before she could demand who in blazes was coming, he framed her face with his warm, gloved hands. He moved closer, so close she saw the silvery moon reflected in his inky black eyes. “Lord help me,” he whispered, “you are so beautiful it causes me pain.”

And then he kissed her.





Chapter Two

Lord Carew’s lips, warm and powerful, moved against hers, caressing, guiding. The kiss was everything Lia had imagined it would be and so much more. He cupped the nape of her neck, pulling her closer. If anything, the touch of his lips reached all the way through to her heart. Her head tingled with pleasure.

When he nudged her legs apart, she complied even as he pressed her backside up against a moss-covered garden wall. He closed the distance between them until the entire length of his body conformed to hers. Through the layers upon layers of their clothing, she could feel the heat and hardness of him.

“Open your mouth, cub.” She parted her lips slightly, allowing his tongue entrance. His spicy flavor, one Lia had never tasted but instantly craved, burned on her tongue.

When he stepped back from her, she weaved on legs that had turned to water. “Oh my,” she gasped as she struggled to catch her breath. She’d been kissed before but never so skillfully, never so thoroughly.

His was a kiss that had awakened her senses. Unlike any she’d ever experienced, this one felt like a prelude for something more. Something she’d heard the maids whisper about, but had never quite understood. Something she now wanted more fiercely than anything she’d ever wanted in her life, which was shocking enough.

Propriety demanded she should slap him for overstepping his bounds. But his strong, warm hands caressed her cheeks, her neck, and then closed around her arms.

La, who was she kidding? She wouldn’t have slapped him even if she could.

No! She should tell him—

For the first time in her life, she stopped herself mid-thought. Instead of protesting, she followed his retreat and pressed her eager body to his. His hard bands of muscle felt like stone.

His strength should have worried her. After all, he had led her away from the house like a wolf would separate a lamb from the flock. She should be trembling. She was trembling, but not from fear. She felt safe in his embrace. This was where she belonged.

If he hadn’t been holding her arms so tightly against her sides, she would have twined her fingers behind his neck and…

Just a parting taste, she told herself. She might never get the chance again. He’d stepped too far over the line by leading her away from the ball and her aunt’s watchful eye. He’d never be allowed this close to her again. And if that were the case, what would be the harm?

She rose up onto her tiptoes and pressed her lips to his.

He jerked back with surprise. But a heartbeat later, his lips were devouring hers a second time. With the same commanding self-assurance that had at first piqued her ire, he returned her kiss. She was beginning to enjoy his habit of taking charge.

She felt him not only on her lips. His kisses were sinfully intimate, spiraling through her body, reaching all the way down to her curling toes. A heat gathered between her legs and lapped at her belly. He fed erotic flames sparking deep inside her, flames only his touch could extinguish.

As if sensing her growing need, he skimmed his gloved fingers down her arms and encircled her waist. He caressed her through the thin fabric of her gown, discovering places that made her squirm with delight. He then cupped her breast. His possessive heat branded her even through the layers of her muslin and cotton. He gently squeezed, awakening a need deep in her womb.

She arched her back toward him, savoring the warm shivers his touch created. Sensations built everywhere at once. Desperate to find a release from his exquisite torture, she shifted her hips against his hardness.

“Amelia… Amelia, my lovely cub, you strain my control,” he groaned into her mouth. He sounded pained. His roving hand moved lower, closer to the heat building between her legs. Inch by delicious inch he eased her skirt up, his hand on her bare thigh, moving higher, higher. Lia’s breaths came in short pants now. Her eyes rolled closed as she lost herself in his embrace.

But he pulled away before he found the center of her wanton heat. Like a promise unfulfilled, he left her wanting him. She cried out her frustration and bit his bottom lip.

She was stepping over a line every lady knew to avoid. But this was exactly what she wanted. She wanted to be touched. By him. And only him. And heavens, with a low growl in his throat he started touching her again, caressing her thighs, caressing her breasts. He then cursed and shed his gloves before working the bodice of her gown open. He slipped its fabric from her shoulders and smiled as the light blue muslin dropped to around her waist. Making silent promises with his kisses, he eased a breast from the confines of her corset and the cotton chemise underneath. With deft fingers, he pinched and rolled her nipple until it tightened into a taut bud of pleasure.

He then took her breast into his hot mouth. His lips closed tightly around her nipple. In that moment she became a part of him and he, a part of her. As he suckled her, frustrated tears filled her eyes. She pressed her hips more tightly to his body.

She wanted…

She wanted…

More.

Much more.

This time when he pulled away, her bruised and swollen lips and breasts—her entire body—throbbed with an indefinable need that begged to be answered. She clung to him, not willing to let him go. She wanted his kisses and whatever else he could give her.

She wanted him.

Shocking, she knew, but everything about being with him felt so right, so natural. She wanted him to take her body to do with what he would.

He drew in a ragged breath and swore fluidly under his breath in a language she didn’t recognize, but the meaning was clear. His eyes were wide, dazed. He swore again. He gave his head a shake and peeled her clinging hands off his lapels. When she tried to pull him back to her, he lifted his palm in warning and gave her a fierce look.

“No,” he said, still frowning. He backed further away from her. “I have gone too far already. This wasn’t supposed to— I wasn’t suppose to— I— I am sorry.”

“Lia! What are you doing?” Aunt Lettie rushed toward her errant charge, her purple turban in danger of wobbling right off her head. Lia clutched her loose bodice to her chest. With her dress gaping and her hair in disarray, she had no hope of pretending what had just happened didn’t happen. It was evidence enough to ruin her reputation. A disaster of epic proportions. Her very proper parents were going to be devastated. They had given her everything, and this was how she thanked them?

She should have never run off into the garden with a man she barely knew. She should have never gotten caught up in his game or agreed to such shameful behavior. Propriety, after all, was the foundation of civilization. It was a lesson every young Regency miss knew well.

“And you!” Aunt Lettie took one look at Lord Carew and raised her hand. “Only the worst sort of cad takes advantage of innocent maidens.”

Lord Carew could have easily protected himself from the coming blow, but instead he stood his ground. The older matron’s hand slammed against his jaw with enough force he staggered back several feet.

“This isn’t the end of this, Lord Carew,” Lettie warned, her voice shaking.

“No, it’s just the beginning,” he agreed. He sounded miserable about it. And then he did something that truly confounded Lia. He turned his back to the both of them. “Put yourself back together.” His voice was hard, unfeeling, and so very different than it had been a moment before.

“But-but…” Lia sputtered. This had been the most momentous event in her short life. How could it not have been the same for him?

“Do as I say. Put yourself back together.” If anything, he sounded even more distant. Where was the charming rogue who’d led her down this gilded road to ruin? Oh, she hadn’t been very clever tonight. No, not clever at all. She’d fallen under his spell as easily as an empty-headed calf. “And be quick about it.”

Her hands shaking, Lia fumbled with the ribbons and buttons. Aunt Lettie silently helped, for Lia wouldn’t have been able to manage on her own.

“This is for the best, my dear,” Lettie whispered gently, which only caused Lia to regret her folly so much more. Her aunt wiped a tear from Lia’s cheek. It was too late for recriminations. The damage that had already been done could never be undone.

“You won’t have her money,” Lettie directed the words toward Carew’s still turned back. She then softened her voice again. “Come, my dear Lia. It is late enough. We don’t need to return to the ballroom. We shall take the back gate out to the alley and clear our heads with the fresh air as we march home. As you know, my town house is less than a block away. You shall stay with me tonight.”

Lettie paused. Her gaze returned to Carew, who had turned back around to face them. Lettie’s lips tightened. “You will be hearing from Lia’s father on the morrow. Good night.”

“But Aunt, Papa won’t be home until…” Lia’s words trailed off as an eerie fog rolled over the back garden fence, down the stone path, covering them all in a thick yellow haze.

A half-dozen dark shadows emerged from the bleakest part of the gloom. “Ah, is it not the beautiful Lady Amelia Routledge?” A finely dressed, but frighteningly bulky gentleman blocked their escape at the garden gate. His accent was thick, Russian, perhaps. A roughly dressed gang gathered around him. “At last we meet.”

Lia’s heart pounded in her throat. Though the man was dressed like a gentleman, a vicious gleam glittered in his eyes, and a wicked slant pulled at his sideways smile.

“Stay away from us,” she warned as she backed away, pulling Aunt Lettie along with her.

“Ah, ah,” he warned. He surged forward and grabbed Lia by the arm. With one sharp tug, he pulled her snug against his chest. “You are not to go anywhere without me.”

“Release her!” Aunt Lettie bellowed. Using her silver-handled cane like a club, she struck a raggedly dressed man who dashed at her. Blood spurted from the man’s nose. She hit a second, much larger, man on the head. He crumbled to the stone pavers.

She appeared ready to take on the entire legion of villains. Two of the gang’s men backed up, circling with the measured step of a hound approaching an angry badger. Lettie swung her cane again. It missed its mark and clanged on a stone paver.

Not willing to give up so easily, Lettie let out a most unladylike curse and turned her ire on the man holding Lia. She raised her cane high in the air. “Release my niece, or I shall bash your pudgy head into your pudgy neck.”

The man wasn’t as pudgy as he was thick. Muscular. Handsome, but unlike Carew’s disarming good looks, this man’s striking appearance did nothing to assuage Lia’s fear of him. His arms, massive cords of muscles, squeezed Lia’s ribs so tightly they felt as if they might snap. But she didn’t see a need to point this out to Lettie. Her aunt wouldn’t stop until they were both safe…or both dead.

Since lending her aunt a helping hand appeared to be their only hope, Lia struggled against her captor while furiously trying to come up with a better plan of escape. She twisted and kicked at his legs, but the man’s grip only tightened.

“Yes.” His quickening breath brushed her ear. A hard bulge in his pants pressed against her backside. “Fight us.”

His excitement only made her more frantic to get away from him.

“Lord Carew!” she called. Where had that blackguard gone? Hadn’t he seen the men come through the garden gates? Surely he hadn’t fled into the dark leaving Lia and her aunt to face this horrible fate alone. She couldn’t imagine him playing the part of a coward. Not the self-assured always-in-command Lord Carew. So where was he?

“I have no money, you bounder,” Aunt Lettie shouted as more men charged her like wild dogs. “Get away from me.” She swung her cane wildly.

A thin woman with stringy brown hair grabbed hold of Lettie’s gown from behind, ripping it as she pushed Lettie into a prickly rose bush. The purple turban went flying.

Lia screamed. She could do nothing to help her aunt. The gang, dressed in rags, looked hungry, desperate. The thin woman pounced on Lettie and punched her in the side of her head.

“Stop that! Leave her alone!” Lia cried. The woman pushed Lettie’s face in the depths of the thorny bush over and over until Lettie stopped fighting back. No matter how fiercely Lia struggled to break free, she was helpless. Powerless to help her beloved aunt.

“If you agree to come quietly with us, we will stop tormenting the old woman,” her captor said, his ever-tightening grip squeezing every bit of air from her chest. She was on the verge of fainting when he twisted her around until she stared into his strange yellow eyes. “You are mine.” He growled, a deep guttural sound only an animal would make. It must have been the fog, but his face appeared to change. His teeth grew longer, more menacing. His features elongated, transforming him into a dog with a snout…or perhaps a wolf. But…but there were no wolves in England. “The old woman is useless to us. Kill her.”

“No!” Lia twisted sharply away from the monster, finally breaking free of his hold. The gaunt woman crouched over Aunt Lettie like a hound would stand over a fox moments before it went in for the kill.

“No!” Lia pulled at the woman’s arms. But the woman was much stronger than her haggard body looked. Lia couldn’t get her to budge. Much to her horror, the woman opened her mouth, revealing a line of extra-large, razor-sharp teeth. She lurched forward, going for Aunt Lettie’s exposed neck.

Lia, on her knees now, beat at the woman’s shoulders and face. “Leave her alone! Leave her alone!” she sobbed.

“Enough.” The sharp command came from a refined English voice Lia instantly recognized.

The crazed woman halted mid-lunge. So did Lia.

“Lord Carew,” Lia whispered. His warm, gentle hands lifted her from the ground and set her back on her feet. “You came back for us. Thank goodness. Thank goodness.”

She pressed herself against his chest and wrapped her arms around him. They weren’t safe from danger yet. Carew was just one man. What match was he against six hellishly strong beasts?

The lead monster growled.

Lord Carew, apparently not the least bit frightened of these half-man, half-beastly creatures, stood strong and tall against them. “Stand down, Vlad.”

Lia held her breath, expecting to be attacked, or killed, or worse.

Her heart thundered in her chest as she waited.

And waited.

Remarkably, the monsters remained where they stood. “My aunt’s house is not a block away. I would be ever so grateful if you would see us home. Lettie is hurt. She needs to be looked after. Perhaps you can carry her?” Lia blathered thoughtlessly. “I don’t know what we would have done if you hadn’t…”

There was no reason for the monsters to have obeyed Carew. He wasn’t that charming. And no matter how strong or clever, he certainly wouldn’t be a match for all of them at once. “I’m not sure how you…”

She suddenly noticed most of the beasts had gathered behind Lord Carew.

“Lord Carew?” She looked up at him.

“Vlad, you can’t hunt in the gardens of Mayfair like this.” His voice was still as hard as the stones in the garden wall. Dangerous. “It will cause a panic and draw too much attention. Possibly bring the hunters.”

“Lord Carew?” she asked.

He didn’t look at her. The truth of their situation was beginning to dawn on her. He wasn’t their savior. He wasn’t rushing to their rescue. “You’re not going to help us.”

“No.” He pressed his gloved hand over her mouth before she could scream again. “The carriage is at the gate. We’ll take them both to my residence.”





Chapter Three

It hadn’t been a tidy abduction. Under better circumstances Dimitri would have done things differently, much differently. He certainly wouldn’t have allowed Vlad to man-handle her like he had. But Dimitri had wanted to see Lady Amelia fight, or rather see if she would fight.

He’d also hoped the shock and stress of being taken so forcefully would cause her to shift.

Unfortunately, it hadn’t.

He stalked through the kitchens belowstairs, staying away from the pack gathered in his parlor and even further away from the weeping Lady Amelia.

He knew he shouldn’t care what happened to her. She wasn’t his concern. Not really. He’d done his duty to his family and his pack. He’d tracked her down and had made it possible for the young beauty to be returned to her own kind. He’d even personally attended to Lady Amelia’s aunt, treating her wounds and making sure the older woman slept peacefully. As for the rest…

A lone wolf didn’t form bonds, didn’t care about the welfare of others.

But it was difficult, impossible really, to put the whole damned thing behind him when the pack had made themselves at home in his upstairs parlor, Lady Amelia’s aunt safely and comfortably tucked away in a small room in the attic, and the lady of such intense interest locked in his own bedchamber.

Why in blazes had he kissed her?

He had known better. For months, he’d been so careful to keep his distance. She wasn’t his, would never be his. It had been simple curiosity that had moved him to ask her to waltz with him. And what had happened in the garden?

By taking her in his arms, he’d only tortured himself. He’d never again taste nectar so sweet, but because she wasn’t his to take, he had left things between them unfinished, painfully so. A low growl emerged from his throat as he gnashed his teeth. He was never going to rid himself of her exquisite flavor.

He should slink away into the night, begin again in another city, another country even. The Americas were half a world away. That might be far enough.

Damn it, the moon wouldn’t be far enough for him to forget the feel of holding Lady Amelia in his arms and to want more. Damn her. Damn her. Damn her.

Who was he kidding? This wasn’t her fault. The foolish girl believed herself human. He’d seen the horror, the stinging terror frozen on her face when Vlad had started to shift back to their natural wolf form in the duke’s garden. She would never accept any of them…especially not Dimitri.

They were monsters to her, creatures from her worst nightmare. And yet, to them, she was their salvation. What would they do to her when they discovered she’d become more human than wolf? How would they react when they learned she didn’t know how to shift forms and might never know how? Would they welcome her as their leader’s mate when they could clearly smell her weakness and fear clinging to her like a bitter perfume?

Hell, the pack wouldn’t accept her. It was their nature to cull the weak in favor of the strong. She might last a fortnight, if she was lucky. And then the pack’s instincts would kick in causing Vlad and the pack to put an end to her existence.

Curse it! Dimitri turned abruptly around. He’d regret this. He knew he would, damn it. But what other choice did he have? The cursed woman was already in his system, throbbing in his veins like a bloody fever. He should have taken her in the garden on the ground and been done with her. He shouldn’t have been so gentle. He shouldn’t have pretended to be a gentleman. He wasn’t.

Hell, he wasn’t even human.

She would have been just another bloody rut with another bloody animal.

But now, with every beat of his heart, he wanted her. And yet, he couldn’t have her. She belonged to the pack, not him. He hadn’t been part of the pack since Ivan’s death and Vladimir assumed the alpha role. That had been more than seven years ago. Although, to be honest, Dimitri had never really fit in with the others. Ivan had tolerated Dimitri’s lone wolf tendencies. Vlad, on the other hand, saw them as a threat.

It had been either leave or die. So Dimitri had fled. He’d thought he’d never see any of them again. He’d built a new life, a good life. He’d been content. Well, as content as a wolf could be living in the middle of a bustling city.

Then a little more than a year ago, his sister, Misha, wrote a frantic letter to him about the hunters.

It wasn’t news he hadn’t heard before. The hunters—humans who hated their kind—sought to cleanse the wolves from the earth. It was an old battle. The hunters targeted the alphas, the heart of the pack. In the recent past, the men had killed Sasha and Lev, the strongest alpha pair in the pack’s memory. After that, it had taken nearly a decade for the pack to regain a small measure of its past strength. In the interim, the hunters had shot Dimitri’s parents as the pair of wolves hunted small game in the forest. And then more recently, the hunters killed Ivan, strung him up from a tree, and skinned him alive.

Losing Ivan had nearly torn the pack apart. But despite the hunters’ successes, the pack—those who survived the assaults—always regrouped. It always survived.

This time, however, things had changed. The hunters had recently shifted tactics. Instead of targeting the alpha, the strongest, they now hunted the young, the old, the weak, picking off the pack one-by-one until only a dozen of the strongest, the wiliest, of them were left alive. And worse, the nearby villagers had begun to convert the forest—the only home the wolves had ever known—to farmland. Their home, their sole source of food, was slowly being eroded away. If something didn’t happen to change this, soon the pack would become a distant memory, a shadowy fable parents told to scare young children.

His sister’s letter detailing the deaths and carnage had been graphic. Her jagged handwriting betrayed her growing alarm.

Dimitri had replied, begging Misha to save herself and join him in England. She’d refused. The girl had always been stubborn to a fault, a family trait.

The letter that followed, the one he carried in his breast pocket, had moved him to action. Misha, like all the women in his family, possessed the gift of what his kind called the Kiss of the Moon. She had visions of the future. Not often, but when a vision happened, the pack’s ears perked up, even a lone wolf’s like Dimitri’s.

He loped up the back stairs to the first floor. His silent stride carried him to the parlor where the pack was holding a council of war. With arms crossed, he stood in the shadows of the doorway, listening. He’d hoped to slip into the room without anyone noticing, but Misha turned toward him almost immediately, her dark eyes wary.

Her face used to be wreathed with laughter. The years of being chased by the hunters had changed her. He feared for her. He feared for all of them, though this wasn’t his battle. Vlad had made that much clear when they’d arrived in London a month ago.

The pack had clearly suffered. Except for Vlad, they were all appallingly thin. And even Vlad looked more than a little haggard. The hunters must have resorted to starving them out of their hiding places. As long as they were under his roof—Carew’s roof—they would have access to all the food they’d need.

Vlad gladly took Dimitri’s food, his hospitality, and expected Dimitri to dutifully obey his orders or else there would be bloodshed. Dimitri’s blood. But once this was over, it was over. The pack would be gone, and this time Dimitri doubted he’d ever see any of them again. Which was probably a blessing. They’d all changed. The emptiness he saw in their eyes frightened him. Hell, what more proof did he need after what had happened in the garden? His sister, his own baby sister, had been ready to kill Lady Amelia’s aunt for no better reason than the older woman had been a human and in their way. The path the pack was taking could only lead to more deaths and, ultimately, extinction.

“You could stay here,” he mouthed to Misha. “Live here.”

She shook her head and turned away. It was an old battle between them. She refused to leave the pack, and he couldn’t stay.

Vlad was on the other side of the parlor by the fireplace, pacing. Two of his dogs had joined him up there. Dimitri didn’t recognize them. They had probably been pups when he’d left. They looked young, hungry, and vicious, not the kind of wolf one would want to meet on a dark, overcast night like tonight. The two were arguing over which one would kill Lady Amelia’s adopted parents. They were discussing the murders as if the humans in question were scraps of meat to be devoured. Dimitri supposed he was just as culpable as they were in that part of the plan. He’d already sent a messenger with letter guaranteed to lure Lady Amelia’s parents to this residence, to this trap.

The others in the room rabidly argued over Lady Amelia’s future and her place in the pack. Vlad must not have told them his plans to keep the young lady for himself, which was interesting. Was Vlad’s hold on the pack weakening?

The pack had reverted to their native Russian despite Dimitri’s warning to speak only the English language. No reason to risk leading hunters to his doorstep. Servant gossip spread like wildfire through Mayfair. The ton already knew all about his ragtag household guests. He’d explained them away as a charity case, but their presence in his house was still a danger. Add to that the two hostages tucked away upstairs and, hell, he might as well toss a bloody powder horn into the fire grate.

He sighed. Other than the pack, he knew of no others like himself. And although he had no place within their ranks, he didn’t belong to the human world either. No matter how adept he’d become in conforming to the human’s ways, he was still a wolf.

These wolves were his family, his kin. He’d chew off his arm before turning his back completely on them, which put him in one hell of a predicament. Despite Misha’s vision, he’d seen enough of the world to know that Lady Amelia lacked the means to deliver them into a better life.

By now, several of the wolves had noticed Dimitri standing in the doorway. Their gazes, glowing yellow in the dim light of the room, were fixed on him…on his throat. Their hunger, their jealousy of his new life, rolled off them like heat from a roaring fire.

He’d been a fool to worry about Lady Amelia’s safety when his own position was so damnably precarious. They might not welcome a lone wolf to the pack, but they sure as hell wanted his money and his possessions. As soon as they figured out they no longer needed Dimitri or his expertise on London Society, those greedy wolves would likely rip out his throat and take everything he owned.

Luckily, they needed Dimitri and his connections for a little while longer. And after that… Well, Dimitri had survived—thrived—as a lone wolf for a reason. He was clever and knew more of this cruel world than any man or wolf should ever hope to know. No one had managed to kill him yet though countless foes had tried. And if he could keep his wits about him and not let some tempting she-wolf get under his skin, he should be able to keep a few steps ahead of his pack.

“Misha,” Vlad spoke, bringing everyone’s attention back to where he was holding court by the fireplace. “Remind us again the details of the vision.”

Misha slowly rose from the settee and crossed the room to stand beside Vlad. Color flooded her cheeks as she glanced up at her alpha. Vlad didn’t seem to notice, but Dimitri hadn’t missed it. Misha wrinkled her nose and glanced quickly away.

Ah, no wonder she continued to refuse Dimitri’s offers to leave the pack and live with him. She was in love with Vlad. Clearly, it was an affection that went only one way.

“The pack will suffer. Many will die. All will seem lost,” she closed her eyes and recited. Having memorized what she’d written in the letter, Dimitri knew the words by heart. “But there is one who can save us. Possess Sasha and Lev’s spawn, the seed of their love. She lives. Find her. Possess her.” She opened her eyes and focused directly on Dimitri as she spoke the rest. “The one who has left must be returned. That is the path the pack must take. It is the only way.”

“What is there left to do?” a younger female wolf with striking blonde hair asked. “We now possess her. No human can harm us. Is that not correct?”

“Let us go out and hunt. I’m in the mood to celebrate,” a large male suggested.

“Yes, I have a craving for some human blood,” another said.

Vlad’s voice turned sharp and impatient as the room erupted into excited discussions. The heated energy in the room crackled in the air. Vlad would have his hands full for quite a while as he worked to calm the restless pack. Some in the group had already begun to shed their human forms in anticipation of going on a hunt.

While many within the pack obviously believed simply reacquiring Lev and Sasha’s offspring would be enough to save them, Vlad had apparently interpreted Misha’s vision another way. Based on his earlier comments, he defined possession in a more carnal sense. And judging by the strain in his voice, he was clearly becoming more and more anxious to put his plan into action.

Whether the lady was willing or not, Vlad would make her his mate and his possession. Brute force had always been Vlad’s way. Even as a pup, he’d snap and growl, fighting for more than his fair share. Now that he was alpha, what reason would he have to change?

Come morning, life as Lady Amelia knew it will have crashed down around her ears. She’ll have had her dignity, her standing within her beloved ton, her family, her illusion of freedom, and her virtue forcibly ripped away from her. If she put up a fight, she’d be broken, bruised, and crushed, utterly crushed. And Vlad won’t give a damn. Her existence was merely a means to an end.

And this is none of my bloody concern, Dimitri reminded himself. The lady wasn’t his responsibility. Nor did he want her to be.

Yes, there was one thing he could do. Yes, it might save her a night—perhaps even a lifetime—of pain and humiliation. But it would mean exposing his own neck. He hadn’t survived this long by doing something as foolish as that. And he didn’t plan to start now.

Lady Amelia would simply have to fend for herself. He wasn’t the gentleman she’d seen in him. And he sure as hell wasn’t a hero. But to let her fall into Vlad’s clutches…

Hell. He was going to regret this. That was, if he lived to regret it.

* * * *

Lia tugged at the ropes that bound her arms to the bed’s headboard until her wrists burned raw. The knots were tight, the biting rope unforgiving. She could live with the pain, as long as she managed to escape before…

This was his room. Lord Carew’s scent was all over the bed sheets. She wondered how long it would be until he sauntered through that door to take advantage of her vulnerability.

She’d been such a fool to fall for his charming manner and rakish good looks. After her one disastrous brush with love, she should have known better than to trust any man. She should have never let Carew lead her into the garden. And she certainly shouldn’t have kissed him. How could she have so lost herself in a kiss that had clearly meant nothing to him? Lord Duncan had been right all along. Not only had the wickedly handsome Carew not raced to her rescue, he appeared to be the leader of the motley gang. A gang of monsters!

His betrayal really shouldn’t hurt this much. After all, she barely knew him. But, dash it all, it did.

How dare he kiss her with such feeling and then step back and let those creatures manhandle her and her brave, dear Aunt Lettie? Lia’s heart began to pound with a new, much more violent emotion. How dare he watch her with such intensity and then do this? This!

“The bounder. The cad. The… The…”

“Lovable rogue?” the offending cur offered. She jerked her head toward the bedchamber’s doorway. How did he manage to always sneak up on her as silently as a ghost? Not a piece of his clothing rustled as he moved into the room and closed the door behind him.

“No? Not the right word, then?” he said thoughtfully. One corner of his mouth lifted in a half-grin. “Something stronger, perhaps? I’m a bloody bastard.”

She fought the ropes with renewed vigor. “You are the devil. And you will rot in hell for what you have done.”

“I’m sure that is true.” He moved toward the bed, toward her. She wanted to hold up her hands and force him back. But she couldn’t, not while her hands were tied. She was helpless against him. “I am the worst sort of blackguard because I will not help you escape, do you not agree?”

He stopped when he was no more than a few steps from the bed. The hard look in his eyes had softened just a touch. His crooked smile faded as if he was truly sorry for the position she’d been forced into, which frightened Lia much more than anything he’d done so far.

“Why don’t you defend yourself instead of helping me come up with nasty names to call you?” she demanded. She’d much rather be angry than suffer this terror beating through her veins. “Why don’t you concoct another lie for me to believe?”

“You wish to condemn me.” He glanced pointedly at her wrists tied to the bedposts. “Who am I to take that away from you?”

“Implying that you can take whatever else you want? I hate you! I hate you!” She fought to tear free of her ropes even if it meant ripping her hands from her body. She was not going to let him terrorize her like this, nor was she willing to lay motionless like a helpless doll while he violated her. If he forced himself on her, it would kill her. Didn’t he realize that? Hadn’t he seen how ready she’d been to freely offer what he now planned to steal?

“Stop. Stop. You’re going to hurt yourself.” He bent over her. The lapel of his coat brushed against her cheek as he freed her wrist from the ropes. He moved to work on the knot binding her other wrist.

She took the opportunity and grabbed his neck and squeezed with all her strength.

His fingers stilled on the ropes. She continued to squeeze his throat, letting her anger and fear fuel her. Lord help her, she would kill him with her bare hands.

She’d thought she was on the verge of winning when he moved with lightning fast speed. He grabbed her hand and peeled her crushing fingers from his throat. With the full weight of his body sprawled across hers, he pressed her arm into the mattress.

“I know you won’t believe this,” he whispered into her ear, not sounding the least bit injured. “But I am trying to help you.”

“By accosting me?”

“Yes.”

His gaze met hers.

“I’m not going to harm you. But I am going to make love to you. Here. Tonight.” He paused for just a heartbeat. “Now.”

When she moved to scream, he pressed his hand over her mouth.

“Shh… If that fool Vlad hears you, he’ll come bursting into here. As it is, we don’t have much time. You don’t understand the situation. You don’t even know who you are, do you? No, of course you don’t. Please, you have to trust me. Certainly what we had in the garden was real. Tell me you weren’t playing the role of coquette behind the bushes. All I am asking is that we rekindle that flame of passion and finish what nature intended.”

He was mad. Crazed. She shook her head, trying to get his hand away from her mouth. Perhaps if she screamed loud enough a servant would take pity on her and send for help. She had no idea why she hadn’t tried that before now.

“Please, Lady Amelia, I beg you at least kiss me and see if you don’t still feel the same attraction for me that I feel for you. I won’t force you to do anything you don’t want to do. But Vlad—that brute who grabbed you in the garden—he will.”





Chapter Four

Carew appeared to be holding his breath as he lifted his hand from her mouth. Lia considered screaming. Her heart banged against her chest. This was a nightmare, a horrible, terrifying nightmare.

“Is Lettie…er…er…Lady Brampton?” she whispered, ashamed for not thinking to ask after her aunt earlier.

“She’s safe. Her wounds tended.”

Lia sighed with relief, though for the life of her she didn’t know why she trusted anything he said. Perhaps she did because it was better to trust him and cling to a thread of hope than to believe the worst.

He shifted, moving his weight off of her, and finished untying the ropes. Once she was free, he sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed her wrists until her numb hands felt warm and alive again.

“Thank you,” she said, pulling her hands into her lap as she sat up. She could not bring herself to look at him. Being alone in his bedchamber was embarrassing enough. She didn’t want him to see her face. He seemed able to read her feelings better than anyone she’d ever known, even her family. If he looked at her, would he know that beneath her pounding fear a pulling restlessness still lurked? Would he know how her restlessness had flared into a roaring blaze at the suggestion she let him… let him…claim her?

Her cheeks burned at the thought.

“You are trying to trick me,” she mumbled. “But you see, I may be a woman, but I’m not an empty-headed fool. Men do women a grave injustice when they forget the gentler sex has the ability to think.”

He curled his finger under her chin and turned her face toward him. He leaned forward slightly, closing the distance between them.

“It’s not your mind that troubles me.” He lightly brushed her lips with his own. “It’s that you, Lady Amelia, have forgotten how to follow your instincts. We are animals, you and I. Nothing more than simple creatures who heed the call of the moon.”

“I don’t understand.”

“I know. Let me show you.” He gave her hand a gentle tug. With a nod of understanding, Lia rose from the bed.

He kissed her gently at first, and then with more passion. Her senses bloomed to life at the reminder of the unfulfilled promises his body had made to hers in the garden.

“Yes,” she whispered, despite herself. “Yes.”

Dimitri ran his hands down her sides and across the flat planes of her belly. She was soft and tiny. Her blue eyes grew wide and dark as his caresses went lower. Her breathing deepened. He smiled at her readiness. She was certainly a biddable woman in his arms, and here he’d been thinking earlier he wouldn’t enjoy that about her.

He unlaced her gown with exquisite care and let it slide down her glorious body. Her corset was the next to go. Lust darkened her blue eyes even further as she helped him remove it. Her breasts were swollen and taut against the plain fabric of her chemise, her rosy nipples visible. He kissed them through the fabric, sucking hard, feeling her respond as her chest rose toward him. She was panting by the time he let up.

Sensing she was ready for more, he untied the ribbons and let the chemise drop to her waist. At first, he did nothing beyond drinking in the glorious sight of her young body.

She nervously glanced away. Her hands trembled as she pressed them against his chest in both an invitation and a warning. Clearly, she didn’t yet understand the desire burning through her body. He would have to go slowly, teach her to accept and savor those feelings, teach her an animal’s need to trust its instincts.

He bent his head and took her breast in his mouth. Suckling, pulling, nipping, he teased her until Lia’s mind spun like a top. She pinched her thighs together and squirmed. She grew damp and hot between her legs as he devoured her body inch by delicious inch, ever so slowly. She would not be able to survive the sweet torture.

She only vaguely noticed when he eased her chemise down her narrow hips. The virginal white material dropped to a pile at her feet. Still trembling, she stroked his chest, circling lower and lower until she felt the hard bulge in his pants. His breath caught in his throat when she first touched him there. Pleased by the reaction, she stroked harder.

With a frustrated growl, he took possession of her lips. His tongue thrust into her mouth, filling her as his hand followed the contours of her naked body until his fingers lightly stroked the mound between her legs, easing her thighs apart. Gentle at first, he stroked her damp, soft flesh, giving her time to grow used to his touch, his possession of her body.

Then he stroked her harder, teasing her.

“That’s right, cub,” he whispered in her ear. “Don’t think, just do what nature wants us to do. Open to me.” He eased his forefinger into her damp opening. “Stay with me.”

Lia gasped as her body tightened. She pressed her hips against his caress, letting her instincts take control of her movements. The animal in her knew exactly what was happening. And it wanted more. She bit his soft earlobe, encouraging him.

He pushed deeper within her soft folds and slowly pulled out. Before she could cry out, he pushed back inside her. Faster this time. He moved within her, stroking her from the inside out. He added a second finger, stretching her.

“Please,” she whispered, grabbing onto his shoulders to keep her wobbly legs from collapsing beneath her. “Please.”

“Please what?” he teased as he stroked her.

But she didn’t have the ability to answer. Her whole body was tightening, tightening around his caresses, until she completely came apart. She bucked against his hand between her legs. Colors flooded her senses as her body throbbed with so much pleasure she could barely breathe.

He seemed to be having trouble catching his breath as well. He tore the shirt from his body. The sparse hair on his chest was black, tapering into his breeches. Lia pressed her face to his warm chest, kissing him, loving the taste of his skin.

He scooped her into his arms and lowered her onto the bed. He followed, kissing and caressing every silky inch of her tingling body. His touch was demanding but gentle. Too gentle. Lia bucked against him. She twisted her hips, raising her body to press against his tight breeches.

“Shhh.” His voice was smooth against her throat. “I’m not going to hurt you.”

He drew her legs up, bending them at the knees, spreading her legs wide, leaving her open and vulnerable to him. He lowered his mouth to her.

“Ohh…” Lia breathed her surprise. “Oh,” she repeated as his warm, rough tongue caressed her down there. The intimate pressure of his lips and tongue against her made her eyes roll back into her head. He suckled her, gently pulling. His tongue followed the path his fingers had taken just a moment earlier, mimicking the movements she was beginning to realize his cock would soon make. As he made love to her with his mouth, she felt outside of her body, as if she was nothing more than a feeling, a building force of excitement. His fingers joined his tongue, pumping in and out of her body in a rhythm the beating of her heart raced to match.

She dug her fingers into his strong arms. Her body tensed. For the second time in only a few minutes, she was being pulled apart. She had long ceased to breathe. She mindlessly writhed against him, letting his tongue carry her back to those dizzying heights.

“Hold on,” he said before her world exploded into beautiful sparks again. He placed a reverent kiss on her pulsing heat and then tugged his breeches, ripping them off. She had never seen a naked man before. And he was very different than her with his cock large and hard and jutting.

He paused. His brows furrowed, his lips pressed together, she’d never seen anyone look so serious, or so tempting. “I won’t force you,” he said. Sweat beaded on his forehead. “I don’t want to hurt you.”

She knew she should be scandalized at the thought of what she’d already let him do with her body and what she was about to let him do. But this felt too right. He felt right. She took an unsteady breath and tried to listen to what her instincts were telling her. “I think stopping right now would probably hurt me more than anything else.”

He flashed the same disarming crooked grin that had won her over at the ball. “It would definitely kill me.”

He turned her over on her belly and playfully nipped her shoulder. She arched up to him. He guided her, spreading her legs and lifting her so she was on her hands and knees in front of him. He eased her head to the pillow, positioning her so her bottom was in the air and he had free access to her. He caressed her soft folds with his cock until it was slick with her juices. He then pressed against her soaked opening. It felt hot like a brand.

The pressure built as he entered her. She was tight and her maidenhead firmly in place. And though her body was moist and ready, she couldn’t help but stiffen when his member bumped up against it.

He bit her neck. His feel of rough teeth grating against her skin zinged throughout her body. With a greater urgency, he pushed her legs wider and tilted her hips so he could go just a little deeper.

“My name is Dimitri,” he whispered, sending delightful shivers down her spine. “I would like to hear it on your lips.”

“Dimitri,” she said on a breath, losing herself to the sensation of his long, thick cock stretching her. “Dimitri.”

He reached around and took her breast in his hand. His skillful fingers pinched and rolled her nipple until the sensation of his touch throbbed through her already tingling body. She felt as if she was standing at the edge of an abyss, begging to be pushed off the ledge.

Her body moved with instincts she did not know she owned. She nipped his fingertips and cried his name several more times. He pinched her pebbled nipple even harder and with a grunt thrust fully into her.

She cried out at the invasion.

“Don’t move,” he said, kissing her neck. “Just get used to me. I promise it will feel better in a moment. You are mine now. Forever mine.”

As promised, the sting quickly ebbed. His chest rubbed against her back as he began a slow rocking movement. His hands covered her body, caressing, teasing. He stroked her with much more force now.

“Oh,” she said with renewed pleasure.

They were both panting and urging the other to thrust harder to fulfill nature’s promise of pleasure. And then it came. The world exploded. Her body delightfully pulled apart. Dimitri’s muscles tensed, and he cried out her name. Lia felt the branding heat and dampness of his seed shoot through her entire body as he came deep inside of her.

He slowly moved and turned her onto her side. With words murmured in that exotic language he’d spoken earlier, he pulled her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. His chest was her pillow. She snuggled closer to him. Exhausted from the abduction earlier that evening and from the exertions just now, she started to drift off to sleep.

“My family calls me Lia,” she mumbled.

He had shared his given name with her. She felt she should do the same.

“Lia,” he repeated, sounding groggy himself. She liked hearing him speak it. “Lia tastes sweet on my tongue. The name suits you.”





Chapter Five

“Dimitri?” Lia asked in the hazy twilight between wake and slumber as they lay in his large bed. She liked the taste of his name on her tongue, too.

“Hmm?”

“That’s a foreign name.” And he’d spoken foreign words. She lightly ran her fingertips down the fit planes of his stomach. “Carew’s family didn’t have any foreign branches.” She yawned. “That’s what the old viscount always claimed. ‘Pure English blood,’ he’d liked to say.”

“Hmm.”

“You’re not his heir,” she said drowsily. “Not really, are you?”

“No.” Being so close to him, Lia could feel his body tighten ever so slightly. “Is that a problem?”

She kissed his warm chest. “If you hadn’t stepped forward, the viscount’s widow would have lost everything. You did her a kindness. She spends most of the year at the country estate, does she not?”

“Country estate?” He sighed. “It’s in Kent, not very rural. When in London, she makes use of this town house.”

“Does she know the truth? About you, I mean?”

“She’d exhausted all her resources. There was no heir. She knew that well.”

“I see.”

He was silent for so long, Lia imagined he’d fallen asleep.

“Are you shocked?” he asked at long last.

“You kidnapped me. Why should I be shocked to learn that you’re a lair as well as a criminal?”

He sat up and brushed aside her gentle caresses. “I have hurt no one. The old viscount was careless with his money. Since I’ve taken over management of the estates, I’ve more than doubled its income. His widow and the estate’s employees are enjoying a better lifestyle thanks to me.”

She kissed his chest again. “I meant no insult. Despite your hard edges, Dimitri, I suspect you have a kind heart hidden away in here. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have…” She bit her lower lip, shocked at what she had almost admitted.

“You wouldn’t have what?” he asked. His mouth hardened the same way as it had when Aunt Lettie had confronted him, as if he were expecting a blow.

Well, he could scowl all he wanted. She’d learned years ago that a man like Dimitri, a man with his confidence and standing in society, didn’t want or need a woman’s love.

“Nothing,” she said. “You are a skilled lover, Dimitri.” She continued to press her lips to his bare chest, nipping and licking. He groaned when she worked her kisses lower.

“No other man has ever touched you,” he ground out. “You have no means for judging my skills.”

Her lips neared his jutting sex. She wondered if she’d be brave enough to kiss it. She enjoyed feeling his body tremble beneath her lips. She also enjoyed teasing him. “Are you suggesting I should invite other men into my bed so I can compare?”

“Don’t you dare.” He grabbed her shoulders and had her on her back before she realized what he was doing. He nudged her legs apart and thrust his cock into her. “You are mine, Lia. No other man will ever touch you.”

* * * *

It could have been minutes or hours that had passed after making love to Dimitri for a second time. Lia startled awake to a loud bang. Darkness still blanketed the room, and it took her several moments to realize she was still nestled in Dimitri’s protective embrace, his spent cock still buried deep within her.

His arms tightened around her as the bedchamber’s wooden paneled door swung open with such force it cracked when it hit the plaster wall.

A black wolf, large and imposing, leapt into the room. Its sleek fur stood up on its back. Long white teeth gleamed in the room’s candlelight. With its head held low, it growled as it approached the bed. Dimitri scrambled to put his vulnerable, naked body between Lia and the wolf, a move that would surely get him killed.

“No!” Lia screamed. But it was too late.

The wolf jumped onto the bed and attacked her lover.

Dimitri threw his arm up to block the wolf’s charge. As he twisted sideways, the beast bit into his shoulder. It hurt like the devil, but the maneuver had kept Vlad away from Lia. He’d known there’d be hell to pay for taking her virginity, but he regretted nothing. She was his, would always be his unless he died here in this room.

“Run!” he shouted. “Run up to the attic. That’s where you’ll find your aunt.”

He punched the black wolf in the neck and earned a deep gash in his shoulder for his effort. He was a fool to fight Vlad in this form.

“Go!” he shouted. He didn’t want her anywhere near here, especially not when his own wolf was about to burst through his skin. “Get out of here!”

Lia, clutching a sheet to her chest, stubbornly shook her head, and refused to move.

Just what I need. Another stubborn woman in my life.

The air in the room crackled with tension. Sparks leapt from his body. He couldn’t hold back his true form any longer. It didn’t matter, though. She’d learn soon enough he was a beast. He just hadn’t wanted her to learn the truth so violently.

With a shout of frustration, he began to shift.

Lord help her, she couldn’t lose him. Though she was frightened down to the tips of her toes, Lia couldn’t leave Dimitri to face the beast alone. If he was foolish enough to fight a wolf barehanded, they’d fight it together.

With a crazed look in his eye, Dimitri tried to fling her away from him and toward the bedchamber door. She fought his attempts to get rid of her by grabbing hold of his arm and shoulder while frantically scanning the room in search of a weapon. There was an iron poker beside the fireplace. “Please! Let me help you.”

“No, cub,” he gurgled as his body shimmered, his features elongating, his teeth growing. “Don’t…touch…”

Suddenly Dimitri was gone!

A large silver wolf, as beautiful as a pale full moon, crouched where he’d been kneeling. It lunged at the black wolf, teeth bared. Lia screamed but only a gurgling sound emerged from her throat.

Oh dear, she didn’t feel right. Holding her breath, she looked at the hand that had been touching Dimitri’s shoulder before the wolf had taken his place. Her hand tingled as if it had fallen asleep and was slowing waking back up. The sensation grew stronger and stronger and spread up her arm and down her back. Soon pinpricks of pain covered her entire body.

Bones began to break. Her skin pulled. Her insides roiled with fire. Fighting the invisible force that seemed intent on tearing her apart from the inside out, she curled into a ball, but there was no stopping it. Pain as sharp as a deafening clap of thunder struck her, enveloping her, blinding her. She couldn’t breathe. She couldn’t move. She couldn’t think. A tidal wave of power pulsed, pulsed, pulsed through her veins devouring even her essence until she was no more than a throbbing lump of agony.

And then...suddenly...it all stopped.

Am I dead?

That singular thought rolled around in her mind. There were no other thoughts. She looked through eyes that weren’t hers. Moved with muscles that felt new and strong and very different from anything she was used to.

She glanced down at her legs; they were covered with a snowy white fur. Instead of hands, she had large paws. And it felt right. Natural. This was who she was—what she was. That restless spirit pacing inside her had finally found its way out.

A crash on the other side of the room caught her attention. She snapped her head up and leapt to her four feet to stand on the rumpled bed.

The silver wolf and black wolf had rolled off the bed and were locked in fierce battle. Blood was smeared across the bedding and onto the blue and amber Aubusson carpet. They tumbled, knocking over tables. The heavy washbasin shattered on the floor next to their heads.

Lia put her ears back and lowered her head, not sure what to do.

The two wolves snapped and tore at each other. Chunks of silver and black fur littered the bloodstained floor. They moved in a blur of speed, tumbling again, this time toward the bed. Lia crouched low, ready to defend herself. A deep rumbling rose up from deep in her throat.

Stay back, she was warning them. The silver wolf heard her. He glanced up at her and froze. His midnight black eyes widened with a look of surprise. The black wolf wasn’t as easily distracted. He took the opening and slammed his body into the silver wolf’s side. Teeth bared, he went straight for the jugular.

The silver wolf yelped as the black wolf sank its teeth into its silky neck. Blood soaked his beautiful fur. She knew instinctively what would come next. With the next bite, the black wolf would kill the silver wolf. She stared into the silver wolf’s steady, sad gaze. And just as she instinctively understood the sequence of the battle taking place, she also understood that look.

He is saying goodbye.

Her lover, the first man to understand her, the one man who could calm her restlessness. She had to help him.

She leapt. Her teeth ripped into the black wolf’s muscular back as her full weight slammed into him. Knocked off balance, the black wolf skidded across the bunched-up carpeting. But he was soon on his feet again. His angry yellow eyes locked onto her.

She charged him before he could attack. She’d already seen what he was capable of, and she didn’t intend to become his next victim. But the black wolf moved quickly as well. He nipped her shoulder and slammed the full weight of his heavy body into her side. She jumped into the air, avoiding the worst of his attack.

He came at her again. And again. She defended herself the best she knew how, but he’d managed to back her into a corner. She was trapped. Not willing to give up so easily, she lunged with her teeth bared. The black wolf yelped as she sank her teeth into his shoulder. He turned and bit her rear leg. She stumbled.

The silver wolf, bloody and unsteady on his feet, joined the fight. Jaws snapped, more blood spilled onto the carpet. Soon the black wolf collapsed in defeat, his neck exposed. One bite, and the silver wolf would put an end to its existence.

“No. Stop.” All of the sudden the silver wolf became a man. The handsome man crouched on the floor, his knuckles fisted like paws. His voice sounded vaguely familiar. His black hair long, attractive. But he was still a man. He smelled like a man. Lia slunk back toward the bed, frightened. “I will not kill you, Vlad,” the man was saying to the black wolf. “That is not our way. Not anymore. I am Alpha now.”

The black wolf stumbled as it moved toward the door. Its tail held low, ears flat against its head, its posture radiated defeat. The mighty wolf accepting defeat from a man. Lia found it all too amazing to believe.

And then the man who had bested a wolf stood and turned to her.

“White wolf,” he said, his voice gentle. He held out a hand toward her but kept his distance. “My lovely, lovely mate. You saved my life.” He went down on one knee. “You forever own my heart. Come back to me as a woman so I can hold you.”

A piece of her remembered the unbearable ripping pain transformation had brought. No! She would not go through that again. She growled. If he came near her, she would attack.

“Don’t be afraid.” He braved a step toward her. Foolish man. If he came any closer, she would kill him. But he didn’t seem to have any sense at all. He moved closer and closer until he laid his hand on her head. “It won’t be like before. Your wolf was ripped from you, which is the worst kind of violation. Come to me.”

But the pain…

His touch on her head was warm, familiar. Welcome. Yes, yes, she wanted to feel his arms around her. She wanted to touch him and kiss him, and Heaven help her, make love to him again…as a human.

Suddenly, she was in his arms. Her long, awkward arms. She reached around his strong chest, wiggled her fingers, and laughed.

His lips captured hers, and like a pair of playful cubs, they tumbled onto the bed.





Chapter Six

The next morning, Dimitri played lady’s maid and helped Lia dress. Her body was stiff from a full night of lovemaking. It was a good sort of stiff. Last night felt like a dream, a strange, hazy dream. One she didn’t quite understand. But she didn’t want to think about that. And she wasn’t ready to think about what last night would mean to the rest of her life. She didn’t want to think at all. She simply enjoyed the intimate moment of right now. She smiled as she stole a look over her shoulder at her lover while he struggled with her corset.

“These are a hell of a lot easier to get undone,” he grumbled.

She blushed. “You were saying that you visited Lettie already this morning? What did she say? Is she well?”

“As well as expected. Her face is bruised and scraped from my sister’s attack. But she is…er…relieved to know she will soon see you.”

An hour later, the pack gathered in the upstairs parlor. Vlad, Dimitiri noticed, stayed as far away from him as the room allowed. The rest of the wolves read their posturing and instinctively understood the mantle of power had shifted. When Lia’s aunt was brought in, the others carefully watched Dimitri to see how he’d act toward the human. Once he handed her a cup of tea, Misha rushed forward with a plate of pastries.

But the older woman had no interest in the tea or the breakfast fare. She placed the cup on a side table, bustled over to Lia, and hugged her tightly. “My poor, poor dear. I cried all night with worry for you. Did he hurt you?”

Lia flushed a deep red, which seemed to be answer enough for the older woman. She turned to glare at Dimitri with such force that he was struck with a sudden urge to run. Now that he was the alpha, he couldn’t run, or cower, even if it meant doing so would protect his own hide. As alpha, he would always have to show his power. It was a change that was going to take some time for this lone wolf to get used to.

“You will marry her,” the older woman said. At least she hadn’t struck him with her silver-handled cane.

“Naturally,” he said with a bow.

Her gaze narrowed. “But I will make sure the earl does not provide you with even a farthing of her dowry.”

“I have no need of his money or hers.” He gave Lia a wicked smile that caused her blush to deepen further. “My only need was her.”

“Well!”

“He may be outrageous, Aunt Lettie, and a bit unconventional,” Lia said with a rush. “But he has a kind heart.” She took her aunt’s hands in her own. “He did not hurt me.”

“Then he seduced—”

“What about the earl?” Vlad interrupted. “He stole her from us in the first place. Our plan cannot change. He must be punished for what he’s done. He must be killed.”

“My father?” Lia entreated of Dimitri. “You want to hurt my father?”

“He isn’t your father,” Misha said with a snarl before Dimitri could think of a gentle way to explain the truth. “You are like us. You belong to us.”

“She belongs with us,” Dimitri corrected. “Your parents—your real parents—led our pack for many peaceful years. They were respected and loved by all who knew them. They were the backbone of our kind.”

“Our kind?” Lia asked, shaking her head with confusion.

Dimitri winced. Despite having experienced her true wolf form last night, she clearly still hadn’t accepted the truth.

“You, my cub, are like us. You’re a wolf,” he said quietly.

“No.” She shook her head more violently and stumbled into her aunt’s embrace. “No.”

“Then how do you explain last night?” he asked.

Tears filled her eyes as she continued to shake her head in denial.

“You are my mate and a wolf. We are the same.”

Aunt Lettie gasped. She tightened her grip on Lia. “He’s a madman.” She glanced around at the ragtag group that had joined him in the room. “They’re all mad. We can’t stay here.”

Lettie led Lia toward the door. Dimitri lifted a hand to warn the others not to stop her. If Lia needed to run away, if she needed time to accept what she was, he was willing to give that to her. It was the least he could do.

“But what about my parents?” Lia asked. She pulled away from her aunt’s embrace but remained quite an uncomfortable distance from Dimitri. “My father is the Earl of Hawthorn. My mother is the Countess of Hawthorn. You wish to harm them? Why?”

“That bastard isn’t your father,” Misha said before Dimitri could answer Lia. His sister nearly spat the words. “Aren’t you listening? The great Lev sired you. Sasha gave birth to you. They were both wolves. How can you believe otherwise?”

Lia’s hands trembled and the color drained from her cheeks. She stumbled back toward the door as if Misha had struck her. “Aunt Lettie? Is this true? I’m not my parents’ daughter?”

“Of course you are their child.”

“Don’t lie to her!” Misha shouted. “She does not belong to them! She never has!”

“L-Lettie?” Lia’s eyes filled with tears.

“Oh, how I’d prayed this day would never come, my child.” Lettie pulled her niece into a tight embrace. “You’re the child of their heart. Never doubt that. Their love for you has always been real.”

“But I’m not their natural-born daughter?”

Her aunt nodded. “I’m only one in a very small number who know the truth. It happened while your father was serving the Foreign Office, acting as envoy to the royal family in Russia. They’d discovered your mother could not bear children. So they adopted you.”

“Stole you,” Vlad said, much to Dimitri’s chagrin. But, hell, it was the truth. “Ripped you from your dying mother’s arms. But now we have you back. Once more you belong to us.”

“With us,” Dimitri corrected.

With them? This was all too much for Lia to take. As she shook her head, she soaked in the sight of the gaunt, unkempt men and women surrounding her. Their eyes were hollow with hunger. Why would anyone in such a position want to add to their numbers?

“I don’t know who your true parents were. I was told they had died,” Aunt Lettie said quietly.

“They were murdered,” Misha growled, “by your parents’ hands.”

“No, I cannot believe that,” Lia said, regaining some of her color. “I will not believe that.”

“They are hunters,” another said as if being a hunter was an abomination. She supposed to them, to a wolf, it would be. “We have rescued you from them. And you will save us from being starved to death by the hunters, as it has been foretold.”

“Rescued me?” She clutched her throat and fought the urge to laugh...or cry. “I have spent the night in a gentleman’s bed who is not my husband. You did not rescue me. You have ruined me.” Hot tears spilled down her cheeks as the reality of last night began to take hold. “Do you think I can help you when you have stripped me of all I have, all I am? Because of last night, no one will look at me. My parents, such as they are, will no doubt cross the street rather than be seen with me.”

“No, Lia,” Aunt Lettie protested. “They wouldn’t. They—”

Lia refused to listen. She flung her hands in the air. “I’ll starve in the gutter alongside you, and no one will notice. You have doomed me to your fate, not elevated yourself to mine. Why can’t you see that? How can you be so blind? How can you sit there and think I would even want to help you? You…you…you don’t understand what-what you ha—”

Warm hands enveloped her, pulled her close to a scent she knew and trusted. Her entire body quaked with the shock of having her world pulled out from beneath her feet. She sobbed into his chest, ruining his finely cut coat with her tears. And still, he kept holding her.

“She is correct. It is time we start using our minds instead of acting solely on instinct,” Dimitri said. “Our future may not be what we expected or even what we want it to be. We may have to change our ways and rethink what Misha’s vision was really telling us. We may all have to take our places in the human world. And the first change that will take place will be a very human and very proper marriage between me and my mate.”

He rubbed Lia’s back, soothing her.

There was a light scratch at the parlor door. The room fell silent as an elderly butler shuffled into the room. With a loud voice that suggested he was more than half deaf, he announced the arrival of the Earl and Countess of Hawthorn.

“They have arrived sooner than I’d expected,” Dimitri murmured. “They must have traveled at top speed all night.”

Lia pulled back with surprise as her parents entered this den of angry wolves. “You used me to get to them?” she asked the room, distancing herself from Dimitri. “This was the plan all along, wasn’t it?”

“Things have changed,” Dimitri said but didn’t get the chance to elaborate. The earl took one look at his daughter’s tearstained cheeks and Aunt Lettie’s bruised and scraped face and slammed his fist into Dimitri’s jaw.

Dimitri dropped like a brick.

* * * *

“If they truly have nowhere else to go, why can’t they live on our estate?” Dimitri heard a cultured feminine voice ask as he slowly regained consciousness. He must have been out for quite some time. Someone had moved him to the settee and put a damp cloth over his aching forehead. The earl had one bruising chop.

He half opened one eye, surveying the situation before letting anyone know he was awake.

“Papa,” Lia said. She had clearly taken command of the room. The wolves were watching her with rapt attention as she made a grand gesture with her slender hand. “I must know. Did you kill my parents?”

The earl blanched and then sank down in the nearest chair. “When we were living in Russia, I was invited on a hunting expedition.” The others in the room growled. A few moved aggressively toward him. The earl held up his hands. “The hunters had told me we’d be tracking wolves that had been terrorizing a nearby village. For a week, we tracked a pair of them. We were getting close. We could tell by the fresh tracks. One morning, the leader of the hunters went out to scout the area with three others. We heard the shots. When we came running, we saw that they’d killed a pair of wolves. But the baby that was with them—you—still lived. They wanted to shoot you, kill you. But you were human, not a wolf. And they still wanted to kill you. I turned my blunderbuss on them and scooped you from the damp grass. From that moment on, you were my child.”

Although tears sparkled in Lia’s eyes, her expression remained impassive. “Those wolves that were killed that day, they were my parents?”

Dimitri felt a surge of pride at her courage. Perhaps Misha’s vision had been the truth after all. Perhaps Lia would bring back their pack’s strength. Her presence in his life had already made him a better wolf.

“You knew all along what I was?” Lia asked, her voice surprisingly steady.

Lia’s mother pressed her hands to her lips. The muscles in her father’s jaw tightened.

“You are my daughter,” he said with fire in his eyes. “Regardless of your birth, you are the child of our hearts. You must believe that.”

Lia nodded. But at the same time, her slender hands tightened into a pair of tight fists. Her gaze narrowed as she drew in a slow, deep breath. “But you knew when you took me that I was more wolf than human?”

“We suspected that it was the case,” he admitted. “The villagers had told many tales about the wolf people that lived in the surrounding forest. And though there are many, many tales of children raised by wolves, logic told me that no ordinary wolf could keep a baby alive. Those lost children so often touted in legends, I suspect, are in truth the offspring of creatures who are a mixture of wolf and human...like your true parents.” He glanced at Dimitri. “And like him as well?”

Dimitri pushed the damp cloth aside and gingerly rose from the settee. He flashed Lia a blazing smile and paid for it with a sharp pain in his jaw. Though he might not have wanted to be the alpha of this motley pack, she clearly was born to be a leader.

“Yes, I am wolf,” Dimitri said. He gestured toward his pack gathered behind him. “We all are.”

“This is insanity.” Lettie stamped her foot. “I cannot believe you are even listening to this man’s twaddle. Can’t you see how this charlatan is spinning a yarn in hopes of stealing Lia away from us? You can’t let that happen. You simply cannot!”

The earl sighed deeply. His shoulders drooped in defeat. “She was never truly ours to keep, Lettie,” he said.

Dimitri’s heart went out to the earl and his wife who had started to quietly weep. The man Dimitri long considered an enemy was nothing like he’d imagined. He wasn’t anything like the blood-hungry hunters in the Russian countryside. This man, though wary of the wolves crowding the parlor, truly cared for Lia and wanted what was best for her. What Lia wanted or needed weren’t ideas that Vlad or Dimitri had even considered.

Did that make the earl better than a wolf?

No. That was impossible!

“Hawthorn, I had lured you here this morning in the hopes of killing you for the crime of killing our alpha and stealing his daughter,” Dimitri admitted, even though his mind still whirled in light of what was happening. “It is a crime for which you had already been tried and convicted by the pack.”

Many in the pack, eager for revenge, surged forward, their shapes changing to wolf form.

“No!” Lia cried as she threw herself in front of the earl. “How can you do this to my family?”

Lettie screamed.

The earl bravely rose from the chair and stood his ground.

Dimitri raised a steadying hand, which instantly stopped the pack in their tracks. “However,” he said, raising his voice, “after hearing how you saved Lia from the hunters, I suspect we misjudged you. We were wrong to want to harm you. Because of you, Lia has been returned to us. From this day forward you, Hawthorn, and your family, will be considered honorary members of our pack and, as such, under our protection.”

“I am honored,” the earl said in a booming diplomatic tone. He stepped around Lia and reached out his hand to Dimitri. “For Lia’s sake, I had long hoped to meet someone such as yourself, someone who could teach Lia and guide her.” As soon as Dimitri accepted the earl’s handshake, the earl’s grip tightened and he pulled Dimitri close to his chest. What the earl said next was spoken so softly it could only be for Dimitri’s ears. “I am not pleased, however, that you have stolen my daughter’s virtue. You will pay for what you’ve done to her. And you will restore her honor.”

“As I was telling the pack before you planted that facer, Hawthorn.” He rubbed the side of his face. “I plan to marry your daughter.”

“In a church,” the earl demanded.

Dimitri shrugged. “Wherever you want.”

The earl scowled.

“I love him, Papa,” Lia said.

“You do?” Dimitri asked, stunned.

“You are my mate,” she said, glancing shyly away before meeting his gaze again. “We belong together. Isn’t that how it works with our kind? We mate for love...and for life?”

“We always hope to,” Dimitri said. A smile pulled at his lips.

“For the last several years I have been restless, unsettled. The restlessness had grown more painful with the passing of every day. And I didn’t know why. But now I don’t feel that anymore.” She sounded truly surprised by this.

“You have found your wolf. It had been begging to be freed. You did that, my cub. You freed yourself.” And he couldn’t be more proud of her for her strength. She was truly an amazing wolf.

“Perhaps,” she said thoughtfully. “But I suspect something more than that happened to me last night. I no longer feel incomplete, as if I’m missing part of myself. Because of you, because of the connection we forged when we fought together and when we...” She blushed deeply. “I finally feel complete.”

His heart started pounding against his chest as if he had run across hundreds of fields and had the energy to dash across hundreds more. Not caring who was watching or who might be scandalized by an open display of affection, he crossed the room and enfolded her in his arms.

“I have never felt this feeling that I feel for you. My heart is tight and warm and happy and jittery as hell,” he said and reverently kissed the top of her head. “It’s really quite a confusing jumble that I’m feeling for you. I believe it must be love.”

“I believe it must be,” she said with a stunning smile that took his breath away. “And now back to the issue at hand. The property.” She gave Dimitri a quick kiss and slipped from his arms to return to her father’s side.

“M-much of our land is too rocky for farming and the rest is too wet,” the countess tearfully explained. “And dear, you aren’t interested in raising sheep. Our property is in the farthest reaches of Northumberland, remote and vast. The only thing we have in abundance is small game and vermin.”

“But the danger—”

The countess caught the earl’s hand. “Sh-she will leave us if we don’t. She was never ours. We-we knew that. And now she’s grown. We can’t force her to stay.”

The earl’s frown deepened. He cupped his daughter’s chin. “We loved you as if you were our own. We did the best we could for you.”

“I know, Papa. I don’t want to leave you. But I have to learn who I am, what I am. I… I don’t belong here.”

“No,” he said. “I don’t suppose you do. Do you really love him?” He gestured toward Dimitri.

“I do, Papa. I truly do.”

And so it was decided that morning that the pack would make their home in the north of England on the Earl of Hawthorn’s vast property, but not before—the earl insisted—Lia and Dimitri were properly and legally wed, not just in a church, but at Westminster Cathedral with all of London Society in attendance.





Epilogue

Four Months Later

“Are you ready, my cub?” Dimitri asked.

Lia swallowed hard. The dark fields and fens spread out for as far as the eye could see. The vast space was both beautiful and terrifying. “I-I don’t know.”

He squeezed her hand. “I’ll be right beside you.”

On a rise in the distance, a group of wolves gathered. They turned their gazes up toward the moon and howled. Their somber song called to her.

Lia glanced back at the manor house. There was a soft glow from the windows. It would be warm inside there. Her parents would be in the library by now. Was her father reading the newspaper? Was her mother embroidering another elaborate table runner? Was life moving on without her?

Part of her wanted to go back to the house, back to her family and the comfortable life she’d known. But the wolf in her paced restlessly, anxious to escape from its cage. Please, she could hear it cry. Please, let me go.

“You’ll see your parents again,” Dimitri promised. “I give you my word that you will.”

“Yes, I believe you.” She took a deep breath and gathered her courage. “I’m ready.”

He gave her hand a squeeze and kissed her cheek. “Let’s go.”

Together they shifted. Her wolf, snowy white with a black-tipped tail, leapt from her body. Feeling more alive than she’d ever felt before, she ran beside her silver lover to join the rest of the pack.

And she ran free.





THE NUDE





To Jim

This story has always been for you, my personal hero.

And to my father, Robert Dollar McFalls

You were my best champion with my writing. I miss you dearly.





Prologue

London. May 1814

He’d finally lost his sanity. There was simply no other way to explain it. His breathing quickened as a solitary tallow taper sputtered, the bright orange flame turning smoky. Dionysus tore his gaze from his work long enough to search the cluttered workshop—the floor littered with discarded brushes and paints—for a replacement.

“Sir?” a servant called after tapping on the door. “Sir? Please, will you eat today?”

Dionysus, too absorbed in his work, lit a new taper and returned his attentions to the canvas. His heart thundered in his chest. He lifted his brush and pulled it slowly across the canvas—tracing the gentle curve of a thigh.

Her thigh.

He’d only seen her briefly at the Baneshire’s ball. She was a widow, one of the grand matrons of the ton had whispered, after taking notice of his overlong stare. He could not, no matter how hard he tried, lift his eyes from the beautiful creature dancing—nay—floating like a gossamer faery across the glassy ballroom floor.

“She’s my niece,” the Earl of Baneshire had told him when asked. “Her husband died on a battlefield in France, poor thing. Left her without a sou. It appears his estate was mortgaged to the hilt.” The earl paused to watch his niece curtsy to the man she’d been dancing with as the set came to a close. “She’s just now out of mourning clothes. It warms my heart to see her in something other than widow’s weeds. I could introduce her to you.”

Dionysus’s heart had been hammering, like now. His palms had grown moist and his mouth dry.

Could it be her? Could it really be her?

“No, no, thank you,” he’d said with a bow. He didn’t even ask her name before finding a footman, before demanding his carriage sought and his cloak retrieved. No matter what, he could not stay.

He could not.

That very evening he’d locked himself in his workshop, trying desperately to exorcise the demon that had stolen his sanity. He’d tossed aside six canvases before finally finding the right strokes and the right shades of pigment to create a portrait of the woman.

He held his breath, lightly tinting the tips of her breasts with a delicate paint prepared from powdered garnets. Her deep eyes from crushed sapphires. Her full lips from the dust of rubies.

As he stepped back, a wave of dizziness overtook him. He reached out to steady himself against a small worktable. He’d missed too many meals, lost too many nights of sleep. Pulling a shaky hand through his hair, he stared at the image in front of him.

It was perfect.

She was perfect.

Now that the work was finally finished and his obsession drained away, he could see what he’d done for what it was—madness.

Unable to lift his eyes from the painting, he sank to his knees. What had he been thinking? What had he created?

No one could ever see it.

No one.

But to destroy it, to deface the perfect image of her, would surely be echoed by the destruction of his soul.

His strength gone, Dionysus curled up at the base of his easel and fell asleep with her perfect ruby lips smiling down on him.





Chapter One

“You must come!”

The breathless demand sailed into the tiny parlor where Elsbeth sat alone. Not a moment later the parlor door came crashing open. Elsbeth glanced up from her embroidery work and frowned. What excitement had caused her cousins to forget, yet again, that they were gentlewomen and well beyond the reckless age of sixteen?

“The exhibition promises to be the grandest event this week! You simply must want to come,” Olivia shouted as she dashed into the parlor. Lauretta, the younger of Elsbeth’s cousins, came trailing closely behind. The two ladies crowded around Elsbeth’s overstuffed chair.

“Papa already said we could attend, but only if you agree to chaperone,” Olivia said in an overeager tone. She tugged on Elsbeth’s sleeve, nearly ripping the tender pale-blue muslin.

Their exuberance brought a bitter pang to Elsbeth’s chest. They were both so innocent, so excitable. She paused, trying to remember what it truly felt like to be so mindlessly happy…

No matter, such foolishness only led to trouble.

She pried her cousin’s fingers from her arm. “I fear I’m suffering from another headache.” She set aside her embroidery—a table runner she’d been trying to finish for the past three months—and reached for the tea tray. A delicate Wedgwood cup clattered against the saucer in her hand while her conscience battled a silent war.

Her uncle, the generous Lord Baneshire, had invited her to come live with his family after her husband’s death. Although her options had been severely limited, she’d accepted his charity only after he’d agreed she could serve as chaperone to his two daughters for the Season.

She shouldn’t be shirking her duty to her uncle. Not after all he’d provided. It shouldn’t matter that the thought of mingling with the gossipy ladies of the ton frightened her all the way down to her trembling toes.

No, that wasn’t precisely correct. It wasn’t society she was afraid of facing—but herself. How could she live with herself when nearly everything that passed her lips felt like naught but a lie?

“La, you’ve suffered from a headache for the past week,” Lauretta said with a long sigh.

“Ever since Mama’s and Papa’s ball,” Olivia finished.

Ever since the ball. All gathered had praised her for her strength of character. And they praised her husband for his heroism.

Elsbeth winced, and thought just how undeserving they were of those praises. But she’d accepted their words, agreed with them even though she felt by no means strong. And her husband…She shuddered at the thought of him; her husband was certainly no hero. He’d been just a man…a man foolish enough to be shot by a Frenchman a mere six months after purchasing his commission.

Thank the Lord.

“Yes,” she agreed, yet another lie forming on her tongue. “I haven’t been well since the ball.”

Her gaze strayed to the new pile of invitations that had arrived in the morning post. Her husband’s dead hero status—a by-product of a brutal war—had made her a curio, a much sought after one at that.

Despite the ton’s eagerness to include her at their entertainments, Elsbeth had discovered she was unready to face the beau monde and continue the charade. She planned to pen gracious refusals, delaying her full return to Society for at least another week.

As if a week could change the truth.

“Ask your Aunt Violet if you’re so anxious. She should enjoy the frivolities of such an art exhibition.”

The younger ladies drew long faces.

“But—but—” Lauretta sputtered.

Olivia swooped down beside Elsbeth’s chair. “But you’re ever so good at puzzles,” she said, her hazel eyes coming alive with color. “Shouldn’t you want to attend the art exhibition? Shouldn’t you want the chance to discover the true identity of Dionysus?”

Olivia inched closer. “Imagine, all those fantastic paintings. They say a nobleman paints them. But no one knows who. His identity is more carefully guarded than Sir Walter Scott and his Waverley novels.”

“Wouldn’t it be grand if Dionysus were my Donald?” Lauretta whispered. “Wouldn’t it simply be grand?”

Sir Donald Gilforth was a fine young gentleman perfectly suited to the mild Lauretta, and dull. Exceedingly so. He couldn’t possibly be this mysterious Dionysus, this new artist fueling the gossips.

Elsbeth sighed. She was curious about the paintings. She would like to see for herself if—

A sharp pain struck her heart.

Dionysus couldn’t be—

“Elly,” Olivia whined, using a pet name that set Elsbeth’s teeth on edge. “Please, please, please, come with us.”

“We don’t want Aunt Violet to come,” Lauretta said. “She never allows—”

“Ah—she doesn’t give us the company you do,” Olivia quickly said, sending her younger sister a quelling glance.

“I understand very well why you prefer me over Aunt Violet. I allow you and Lauretta to disappear with your beaus unescorted. She does not.”

Lauretta and Olivia both lowered their pretty heads. Tears sparkled in their eyes. It was the lowest trick in their arsenal. She hated to disappoint the lovely girls. Olivia, the elder of the two, had recently turned one-and-twenty, and Lord Baneshire was beginning to openly despair that she’d ever settle on a man long enough to marry. Lauretta, on the other hand, at merely eighteen was lost in love.

Elsbeth reached over to pat Lauretta’s hand. “Will Sir Donald Gilforth be in attendance?”

“Oh, yes, he’s promised to explain the finer points of the paintings.”

“Truly?” Elsbeth said, and felt the tug of a rare smile. Lauretta was something of an artistic genius and could tell Sir Donald volumes more about the paintings than he could possibly think to tell her.

“If I refuse, you will no doubt badger me the entire afternoon. At least at the art exhibition your attentions will be on something other than me.”

Both of her cousins remembered their manners long enough to thank her politely before dashing away like unschooled hoydens.

* * * *

The carriage rocked and swayed. The horses’ hooves clopped a steady beat on the pavement as they approached Montagu House, the stately building that housed the British Museum. It was located in the middle of the affluent residential neighborhood of Bloomsbury. Having visited its exhibits several times with Lauretta in the past few weeks, Elsbeth knew the building well. And she usually enjoyed the museum. But unlike her regular visits, this event turned out to be a quite a crush. She should have known it would be. Hadn’t Olivia warned her?

Her cousins led the way into the special exhibition room, their eyes wide. The three of them squeezed their way past a throng of young gentlemen and a pair of giggly young ladies with their stone-faced chaperone, stopping in the first unclaimed niche adjacent to a small painting framed with ornately carved mahogany.

The work—a lush landscape of deep purples and greens—depicted the vast expanse of the Yorkshire moors with vibrant colors and bold, broad brushstrokes.

“It’s lovely,” Olivia breathed.

“It makes me uneasy,” Lauretta said with a shiver.

It’s him. Elsbeth gripped her golden locket. Her heart thumped heavily in her chest. It’s him. She now had a name—although a false one—to put with his work.

Dionysus.

She felt herself being pulled into the scene he’d created. The desolate, uninhabited moors appeared to extend far past the horizon, as if nothing else in the world could possibly exist. The painting evoked so sharp a pang of loneliness that it threatened to bow her in half.

She barely had time to recover before Sir Donald approached, bedecked in the most outrageous pink and yellow striped waistcoat decorated with a half-dozen shiny watch fobs. He greeted them politely, flashing his teeth.

“Lady Mercer,” he said, touching her arm.

Elsbeth shuddered.

“If you would but allow me to escort Lady Lauretta over to a particular painting. It’s the pinnacle of blending color and light and realism, and I wish to point out to her its less obvious merits.”

Elsbeth warned Lauretta not to stray far, and watched Sir Donald as he led her cousin to a large painting filled with crimson and violet shades.

“Did you see those silly watch fobs he wears?” Olivia whispered, after Sir Donald was out of earshot. “I say, that large one is the most—”

“Not now, Olivia,” Elsbeth said tightly. Severin, the fifth Baron Ames was fast approaching and there was absolutely no possible way she could make a graceful escape.

“Oooo, look,” Olivia had noticed him, too. She latched onto Elsbeth’s arm. “Lord Ames is ever so handsome. Please, Elsbeth. You know him. Please, introduce me.”

Introducing Lord Ames to her innocent, young cousin was one of the last things she wished to do. Unfortunately, Olivia curtsied to Lord Ames before Elsbeth could stop her.

Ames was a powerful man with dark hair and a clever gleam to his eyes. Elsbeth prayed for strength as she stepped in between her cousin and this wicked rake. She needed all the strength she could muster, because Ames had been friends with the late Earl of Mercer—her husband. And she’d battle the devil himself to protect her cousins from men like Ames.

But hadn’t Ames, on certain occasions, stood up for her? Hadn’t he even spoken out against her husband on her behalf? Foolish man.

Rude or not, she refused to give Olivia an introduction to the wicked Lord Ames. Olivia, not one to be thwarted, blurted out her own name while batting her long eyelashes.

Ames didn’t appear the least bit shocked by Olivia’s outrageous behavior. He flashed a playful smile.

“My dear ladies,” he purred as he bowed in their direction. He then lavished Olivia with the most outrageous compliments: inquiring after her dressmaker, praising Olivia’s skills in selecting the most refined fabrics, and suggesting Olivia’s complexion rivaled the moon in its beauty.

Much to Elsbeth’s vexation, Olivia drank it all in. Blushing, the young woman started babbling on and on about some silly fluff of a bonnet she’d spotted in a shop window. Ames crossed his arms over his broad chest and appeared to be utterly enthralled by the conversation.

“Lady Mercer?” a soft voice from behind startled Elsbeth. She turned her back on the wicked Lord Ames long enough to come face-to-face with a beautiful woman dressed in a shimmering gold gown.

“Ah, it is Lady Mercer,” a second woman said. Several heads turned and before Elsbeth knew what was happening, she was surrounded by the very people from which she’d been trying to hide. They were closing in on her, pressing her with questions about her heroic husband.

She backed away, murmuring her answers—lies, mostly—and berating herself for being such a coward. One bold woman pressed more doggedly than the rest, insisting that Lord Mercer deserved a medal for his sacrifice while tut-tutting over the debts he’d accumulated before his untimely death.

It was really too much to take.

She pried the woman’s hand from her sleeve, only to have another take her place. She was trapped. And she had no choice but to smile, and pretend, and play the dutiful wife who had loved her husband.

* * * *

Damnation.

Severin, Baron Ames, listened with only half an ear as young Lady Olivia twittered on and on about a dress she planned to wear to Almack’s that week. He smiled and nodded at the appropriate intervals, but his attentions kept straying to Lady Mercer.

Offering his arm to Lady Olivia, he edged closer to where Lady Mercer stood, trapped by the worst of the town tabbies. He stepped closer still, but the din in the large room was too loud for him to hear a thing. He fought an urge to toss himself in front of those swarming vultures. Lady Mercer had suffered enough.

Once, several years ago, he’d overstepped his bounds and tried to rescue her from her bounder of a husband only to be rewarded with a sharp tongue-lashing from her for his efforts.

Lady Mercer was a cold woman. He watched as her deep blue eyes hardened. She was strong, much stronger than her willowy form would lead one to believe. But he knew better.

She would never allow a man to rescue her.

He smiled down at Lady Olivia and patted her hand. “And kid boots to match the dress, you say? Splendid, simply splendid,” he said absently, checking his battered pocket watch. It was past time for the circus to begin. With one final glance in Lady Mercer’s direction, he gave a shrug.

She wouldn’t welcome his assistance anyway, he assured himself.

“See that painting in the front of the room covered with the heavy sheet?” he asked, interrupting Lady Olivia’s excited nattering. “It’s time for the unveiling.”

Just minutes before the doors had opened to the public; Severin’s assistant had delivered the extra painting wrapped tightly in brown paper. His hands already full with last minute arrangements, Severin hadn’t taken the time to think about the painting, much less inspect it. But its existence had given him an idea. The added drama of unveiling a new work would only intensify the ton’s interest in the artist, increasing his demand and, hopefully, the prices of his paintings.

Not that Dionysus needed the money. He didn’t need to be selling the paintings at all. Why he felt the need to offer his paintings for purchase—or to keep his identity hidden—Severin could only guess.

True, the man was a powerful member in the House of Lords and confidant to the Regent himself, but that shouldn’t be a reason to hide his talent. But who was he to question the man’s motives?

Unlike Dionysus, Severin sorely needed the funds and was more than thankful for the sixty percent commission he earned from each painting sold. For far too many years, he lived off the generosity of wealthy friends, putting up with more than he should. He still thanked God he made that fortuitous acquaintance of Dionysus last year. He wouldn’t be alive otherwise…

“Ooo, this is ever so exciting,” Lady Olivia breathed and latched tightly onto his arm. Her eyes were alive with color as she accompanied him up to the front of the exhibition room.

His first instinct had been to return the noisy young beauty to Lady Mercer. But, he sighed, he needed to keep up his appearance as fashionable rogue by escorting a different, yet equally, beautiful woman on his arm at every event.

The crowd parted to let him pass to the tiny stage where the veiled painting sat on a wooden easel. At Severin’s prodding, the room quieted to excited whispers, and the crowd slowly closed ranks around him.

His gaze swept across the crowd. He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Lady Mercer had extracted herself from the gossips’ clutches and had found a place in the crowd beside Lady Olivia’s younger sister, Lady Lauretta, and the young lady’s suitor, Sir Donald Gilforth.

Lady Olivia waved from the stage to her sister, who quickly returned the gesture.

“It is my great pleasure to unveil Dionysus’s most recent work,” Severin spoke in a voice loud enough to reach the far corners of the room. “I have it on the best authority that this painting is, by far, Dionysus’s finest yet. And, I am sure, will command a steep price.”

He grabbed a handful of the sheet.

The room took a collective breath.

“I give you—” With a grand sweep of his arm, he uncovered the painting the crowd had waited breathlessly to see “—The Nude.”

* * * *

Elsbeth swayed, her vision blurring. If not for Lauretta’s steadying hand, she might have collapsed.

The throng pressed forward to get a better look, closing in on the little space afforded to Elsbeth and her cousin. Her gaze flew back to the painting. Perhaps she’d been mistaken.

She wasn’t.

Lord Ames stood frozen still clutching that sheet Elsbeth prayed he’d toss back onto the painting.

“Why Elly,” Olivia blurted loud enough for half of London to hear. “That’s you!”

Roaming eyes tore themselves from the painting to search out the lady it portrayed.

A heavy blush stung Elsbeth’s cheeks and heat quickly spread down her chest. Those around her glowered at her, judging her, damning her. She would have died, simply died if not for Lauretta’s tight hold on her hand.

“Is this some kind of punishment?” she muttered, closing her eyes. If only she could pinch them closed long enough for the fervor to die down. But such a scandal would outlast any effort on her part to hide. And worse, the scandal could tarnish the spotless Baneshire name. Olivia and Lauretta, two innocents on display in the Marriage Mart, deserved better than to be ruined by something done to her.

She drew a deep breath and forced herself to face the crowded room. She couldn’t forestall the scandal, but she could take steps to endure the brunt of it, and protect her cousins from the irreparable damage that could befall their futures.

Lord Baneshire had trusted her after all.

Freeing her hand from Lauretta’s strong grasp, she pushed her way to the front of the room. The gentlemen in the audience glared, while the ladies turned their backs to her as she made her way to the steps of the stage.

“This was done without my permission or knowledge,” she forced from behind clenched teeth. After taking one last look at the painting, her blush deepening, she ripped the sheet from Lord Ames’s hand and tossed it back over the accursed painting.

“How could you?” she said, and slapped Ames across the cheek. The sound of flesh striking flesh echoed within the now eerily silent room.





Chapter Two

Nigel Purbeck, the sixth Marquess of Edgeware, liked the sharp sting of a damp ocean breeze against his face. It made him feel alive. With a shift of his thighs, he urged his dappled gray stallion, Zeus, into a hard run along a trail that paralleled the low cliffs. The crimson morning light glinted off the turbulent waves. The sight of it made Nigel’s heart race. It had been many months since he’d witnessed such an inspiring sight. London, where he made his home for most of the year, was dank and smoky and not at all as wildly beautiful as the landscape surrounding his Dorset estate.

Zeus flicked his ear and stubbornly tugged on the reins, pulling his head in the direction of the estate’s main house, Purbeck Manor. Its worn rock and marble walls rose up on a knoll in the distance behind a line of storm-beaten, half-dead palm trees his father had imported from Italy ages ago.

Zeus pulled harder to the right and danced in his step, bobbing his head.

“Easy,” Nigel soothed.

The large horse was willful and notoriously difficult to handle. Only Nigel and the estate’s head groom could consistently manage his bouts of bad temper. Under Nigel’s patient care, the stallion rarely showed his temper, almost never demanded to get his own way like he was doing on this damp, spring morning. The stallion snorted and yanked on the reigns, fighting with a ferocity Nigel hadn’t seen in years.

“Easy, boy,” he said, and reached out to pat the horse’s broad neck. “We’ll head home.” He let Zeus turn back toward the manor while he tightened his thighs over the stallion’s broad back, hoping to regain some control.

Zeus immediately screamed and reared up. While pulling up on its powerful hind legs, the horse twisted his long, sleek neck back toward his own shoulder, and nipped the back of Nigel’s outstretched hand.

Nigel cradled his bleeding hand while leaning forward, desperate to keep his seat, but Zeus had other ideas. The great beast landed with a thud and kicked up with his hind legs, sending Nigel sailing over the top of his stallion’s head.

There was nothing he could do to protect himself. His head hit the pebbly ground first. Dazed and wondering if death would soon be upon him, he landed flat on his back, staring up into the sun-kissed morning sky.

Zounds, this was not the way he imagined he’d die. He’d hoped to live at least a few more years than his father had been able to eke out. In fact, he’d rather hoped he’d live to be a very old man. At least live long enough to find a woman to love.

With the sound of approaching hoof beats thundering in his ears, he raised his head. A sharp pain struck him, and his eyesight blurred.

Damn, he thought as darkness enveloped him. Damn and blast.

* * * *

“Lord-a-mercy! What havey-cavey is this?” Joshua peered down on the bloodied and crumpled body sprawled out on the wet grass and shook his head. No one in the tiny village of Purbeck ever expected the Marquess to gain his thirtieth year. His father hadn’t accomplished such a feat. Nor had his grandfather. And his lordship, on the dawning months of nine-and-twenty, was growing close to surprising the members of the village.

“Who’s his heir?” the stranger standing next to Joshua asked. He was a messenger dressed in full livery who’d recently arrived on horseback, demanding to see the Marquess without delay. His mount was still blowing hard. “Considering the urgency I was told to treat this task, I believe this message should go to his lordship’s heir straightaway.”

“Aye,” Joshua agreed. “His lordship was a bachelor. He produced no children, least none that weren’t bastards.” He shrugged. “His uncle, Lord Purbeck, is his lordship’s heir. God save him.”

“Take me to him. I was given orders that this letter be given the highest priority.”

The messenger’s cold demand momentarily stunned Joshua. He tilted his head, still staring down at the immobile body that once was his master. “His lordship was a good man, he was. Always treated his servants kindly.” Joshua dragged his cap from his head and clutched it against his chest. “He will be sorely missed, he will. God deliver him.”

The corpse moaned.

Both men jumped back as Lord Edgeware, eyes still tightly sealed, slowly sat up.

“The devil!” Joshua shouted.

“Don’t be too quick to deliver me up to the devil, Joshua,” Edgeware said. “I have yet a few more breaths in these lungs.”

* * * *

Nigel’s head menaced him. The pain, sharp and unmerciful, tried to draw him back to unconsciousness, but he wouldn’t allow it. By sheer force of will, he pried his eyes open.

“You’re alive, m’lord!” Joshua, his head groom, cried.

“Of course, I’m alive. I hope you planned to have me checked over more carefully before sending for a casket maker.”

Joshua stumbled a step back and looked as pale as if being forced to stand before the devil himself. “F-forgive me, m’lord. It-it’s just that everyone expects you to—”

“I’m soaking wet,” Nigel mused aloud. “Did you douse me with water?” He pulled a handkerchief from his coat and wiped the liquid from his brow and looked at it.

He puzzled over the ruddy cloth until his sluggish mind realized what he was seeing. Water shouldn’t stain a handkerchief. But blood did. Goodly amounts of it, which was never a good thing.

“Help me stand.” He reached out to Joshua while fighting a wave of panic. “Damn man, don’t just stand there gawking. I will bleed to death if you don’t help me.”

With some effort, Joshua and the messenger helped Nigel get his wobbly legs underneath him. Joshua fastened Nigel’s cravat tightly around the crown of his bleeding head and had tucked several handkerchiefs against the wound for good measure.

“That should staunch the flow, m’lord,” he said, drawing a deep breath. His groom’s senses seemed to be returning. Joshua jammed his cap back on top of his head and turned to the messenger. “Go fetch a litter to carry his lordship back to the manor.”

“Wait, I’ll ride back. I’m not dead yet. I refuse to be transported as if I were.”

“But, m’lord, your head.”

“Damn my head. I want to have a look at Zeus. He tossed me as if I were a bee in a woman’s bonnet and I want to know why.” He quickly spotted his ill-mannered stallion happily feasting on wildflowers no more than a few yards away.

Joshua offered his shoulder for support. Leaning heavily on him, Nigel limped over to inspect his horse. Every muscle in Nigel’s body screamed with pain. He needed to get into a tub of hot water before his muscles tightened into a set of impossibly stiff knots. But first he was determined to tend to Zeus. It had been years since he’d seen his horse panic so forcefully. There had to be a reason.

“Gads, m’lord,” Joshua exclaimed, when they lifted the saddle and blanket from the horse’s flank. A metal burr was embedded in Zeus’s tender skin.

“The harder I tried to control him, the deeper I drove this cursed thing into his back. Zounds, how did this happen? Who saddled him this morning?”

“I did, m’lord. You know I did, m’lord. No one else would dare touch your horse.” Joshua grew pale.

“Then how did this happen?” A new wave of dizziness hit Nigel as fresh anger made his blood race. A trickle of blood ran down his cheek. He rounded on his groom. “How did this happen?”

“I-I don’t know, m’lord. You know I take great care with the blanket and saddle. I check the blanket for burrs every time, m’lord. You know that.” His ruddy cheek bloomed red with anger. “Someone purposefully injured Zeus.”

“A chilling thought.” Nigel accepted Joshua’s innocence for the moment. His groom sung to the estate’s horses and treated them as if they were his children. He wouldn’t harm a horse as a means to kill a man. But if not Joshua, then who? Who would be interested in his death?

“My lord,” the messenger stepped forward. “Begging your pardon. But my master insisted I not hesitate to deliver this note to your hands. I am to await a reply.” The lanky messenger held out a folded piece of foolscap.

“Joshua, take care of Zeus. I’ll ride Hera back to the manor.” Nigel stumbled a step. “In a moment.”

He took the message and studied the red, wax seal. The seal, a growling beast surrounded by a circle of flowers, was a mark he quickly recognized.

Matters had to be dire for Severin to contact him. Nigel peeled back the wax and opened the letter.

Lord Edgeware, it read, a certain situation in London requires your immediate attention. I dare not explain more. But I must impress on you the urgency in which this is written. I only pray you make every effort to attend to this catastrophe with utmost haste. The message had been signed with an elaborate letter “A”.

Nigel blinked several times as his vision swam in and out of focus. The timing of this new crisis could not be any worse. He swore an oath beneath his breath as he crumpled the foolscap clutched in his bloodied hand. He knew he could not ignore the plea for help. Severin would not write without desperate cause. There could only be one reason he’d send this note.

Dionysus.





Chapter Three

Lord Baneshire ground his jaw as he paced the green-hued parlor, the muscles in his reddened cheeks visibly straining. A day after the scandal and his anger had still not cooled.

Word of the scandalous painting had reached the Baneshire household even before Elsbeth could usher Olivia and Lauretta into the carriage and rush home. Lord Baneshire, grim-faced, had waited for them at the front door. His arms crossed and his legs spread wide, he made quite a menacing picture. He’d taken one look at the three girls and pointed the way to their bedrooms. They had silently obeyed.

Late the next morning, the earl summoned Elsbeth and her cousins into the front parlor. Elsbeth sat primly in her favorite chair. An uncomfortable calm filled her as she watched her uncle pace.

Lord Baneshire had every right to be angry. His family was a model of propriety. Such a scandal wouldn’t only mortify him and harm his children’s chances at finding husbands, but it would also touch his political career. A career in which he took great pride.

She should have never accepted his invitation to live with them. She should have known her dream of returning to London and settling into a quiet, unassuming life had never been possible in the first place.

“Strumpets pose for artists,” he said without altering his stride. “Whores pose for artists.”

“The children, my lord,” Lady Baneshire, paler than usual, scolded softly with a quick glance in the direction of Olivia and Lauretta who sat huddled together on a small sofa, their heads lowered.

“When did you do this?” he shouted with a great wave of his arm. “You were supposedly observing a period of mourning this past year. Or did this happen before your husband’s death? Were you unfaithful? Were you seeing another man while he was fighting—dying—for our Mother England? That’s what the gossips will think, you know. Is it true?”

He stopped pacing to tower over Elsbeth.

She clasped her hands in her lap, squeezing them tightly together to keep from trembling. She reminded herself she’d never seen him strike anyone, but then again she’d never seen him so angry, his cheeks so red.

Surely, he wouldn’t strike her.

“You must tell me who this—this Dionysus is,” he demanded. “I will call the cove out if I have to.”

“Nooo,” Lady Baneshire wailed.

He waved away his wife’s distress. “He will do the right thing by you. I will insist upon it. He will marry you if that is what society demands.”

“Marriage?” Elsbeth’s head turned icy cold at the horrifying thought. The green urns sitting on shelves in the alcove swam in and out of view. “I cannot marry.” Lord Baneshire appeared to have floated away.

Elsbeth drew a fortifying breath and straightened her shoulders. All she could seem to think about at that moment was the first time her husband had flown into a rage. He’d tossed her onto his bed, twisted her long hair in his hand, ripped at her gown, and—

“No! I will not marry again!” Never again.

Her uncle crouched down beside her chair. “You will if I demand it. As your closest living male relative, I’m responsible for your actions.” He took her hand in his. His blue eyes, eyes so much like her mother’s, softened just a touch. “This is the only way to protect your name and to keep the ton from turning against my family. So tell me, Elsbeth, who painted that portrait of you?”

It was difficult to look her uncle in the eye and say what she had to say. It was even harder to keep the tears from falling. Somehow she managed both.

“I—don’t—know,” she said with great care.

Lord Baneshire’s expression darkened. He dropped her hand and stood with a rush. “You refuse me? It’s a fool’s folly to protect the blackguard who did this to you—who did this to your family. He has brought ruin upon us all.” He prowled the green parlor like a tiger in the depths of a jungle. “Everyone out.” He pointed to the closed double wooden doors. “I must speak to Elsbeth alone.”

Olivia and Lauretta’s faces drained of all color.

“Papa,” Lauretta cried, “it’s not her fault.”

“She honestly didn’t know about that painting. I saw her. She appeared as shocked as the rest of us,” Olivia wailed.

“Out!”

“Come girls.” Lady Baneshire led the two teary-eyed girls toward the door.

“Please, Papa, please. Don’t send our Elly away.” Large tears dropped down Olivia’s pretty, round cheeks.

The parlor door closed with a loud clank. “Send the chit away,” he grumbled as he marched back toward Elsbeth. “If only a scandal could be so easily snuffed. Girls!” He waved an angry arm in the air. Elsbeth winced as if he’d dealt her a blow. “I’ve been cursed with girls! Not a blasted son in the bunch!”

“I will leave your home if you wish it,” she offered bravely. Truly, she had no other place to go other than out into the chilly London streets, but she would leave if he asked it of her.

“And then what would you do?” he asked. The redness of his cheeks deepened. “You would run away from your responsibility? From protecting my children’s futures? You would abandon them to the worst of the gossips?”

“No! No, I would never abandon Olivia and Lauretta. I only wish to—”

“Then tell me his bloody name!”

Lord help her, he was going to hit her. She slipped from her chair and rushed for the door only to have her uncle grab her arm and spin her around.

“You won’t escape so easily,” he warned, and tossed her back into the chair. “And I had such high hopes for you. I had thought you had bloomed into a gentlewoman much like your mother. Now there was a lady with a steadfast and trustworthy head on her shoulders. A model. A paragon. Henrietta never hesitated to scold me till I feared my ears would bleed should I dare step over the line of propriety. Even when my father was willing to look the other way, my sister wouldn’t.”

Baneshire closed his eyes and moaned.

“For you to stand here and lie to me without a shiver of remorse, it chills my blood. It’s impossible for me to believe that you wouldn’t know the man’s name. He wouldn’t have been able to paint such a painting unless you’d willingly posed for him…like a bloody whore. Damnation, I can’t abide to be in the same room with you.”

He marched toward the door and stopped just before his hand touched the knob, his shoulders cinching with tension. “Your husband,” he whispered. “Were the rumors about his perversions true?”

“No,” she said. Not precisely a lie. Her husband’s rages were sadistic, much worse than what any of the gossipy members of the ton could ever imagine.

“Then why, Elsbeth? Why did you do this?”

To that she had no answer her uncle would be willing to believe. She had lied too well for too long to expect him to believe the truth now.

* * * *

Dionysus lit a solitary candle before turning the brass key in the cellar door’s heavy lock. He used his shoulder to jar the swollen door from the rotting jam and then raised the candle, shedding a flickering light into the cavernous space. Not enough light for someone unfamiliar with the uneven stairway. Yet he knew each stone step well. With a quick stride he nearly flew down the last steps. He’d come, not to paint, but to gaze on his latest work—his obsession—his madness.

Her smiling lips, her haunting eyes, her golden hair were forever imprinted in his mind. Those delicate features, perfection in the form of womanhood.

And still he didn’t know her name.

She was the Earl of Baneshire’s niece. But Baneshire came from a rather large family, and so did his wife. She could be the daughter of any number of the respected families populating the ton.

She’d been married and must have loved her husband dearly. The pain shadowed in those eyes could only be borne from great suffering. Terrible sadness.

Dionysus knew such pain. If only she could peer into his eyes, she’d recognize a fellow, suffering creature. And perhaps, her soft, upstanding gaze could heal.

He closed his eyes and drew a deep breath. The lovely image of her—the one he called Perfection—swirled into view.

A flash of a memory.

Nearly a decade ago he was a young man just completing his studies at Oxford, tall and lanky, still shy and uncertain of his own power. When the weather was pleasant, he would escape Merton College just as the sun rose and hide among the trees near the Iffley water mill, trying to capture in oil and canvas the elusive slant of light of the sun’s golden rays as they skidded off the mill pond’s glassy surface. With the wooded hills and lush pastures forming a gentle bucolic backdrop, he once believed he’d never find another subject that could keep his artistic attentions so enthralled.

But that was before she walked into the scene.

A young woman still dressed for the schoolroom, she’d gathered her wide skirts into her hands and dashed across the grassy field. Two matrons, one clearly a lady aunt or mother, chased after the child. The girl’s golden locks tumbled free from the pins and flowed freely in the gentle breeze.

His breath caught in his throat. It took no great feat of artistic talent to recognize the budding woman, hovering oh so near to sweet ripeness, in the schoolgirl. Given a year or two, she would be married.

He gulped at the thought and swung away with those uncomfortably long arms of his and crashed into his easel. His paints and brushes scattered onto the dew-moistened grass.

“Damn and blast,” he muttered as he dipped to his knees and started gathering up his mess, all the while praying the women wouldn’t spot him, praying that if they did, they wouldn’t come over to speak to him.

If that young beauty came over and turned her sapphire gaze toward him…His heart hammered painfully enough in his chest at the mere thought of speaking to her.

He glanced up. The girl was still sprinting across the field, her long legs carrying her as gracefully as a young doe. She waved a bouquet of yellow flowers in the air and danced circles in front of her harried-faced guardians.

“So this is where you sneak off to every morning, Pole.” Hubert, a thick bully who lived for the day he’d be able to take his father’s title, punched Dionysus in the arm with such force the paintbrushes tumbled to the ground again.

Dionysus rose. He wiped at the grass stains on his breeches and maneuvered himself in front of the painting he’d been laboring over. “Leave off, Hubert. A man’s entitled to some time away.”

Hubert tossed back his head and boomed a laugh. “What are you trying to hide there, Pole?” He pushed Dionysus aside with a meaty paw and crossed his arms as he studied the painting.

Dionysus gasped when he saw it himself. In the center of the unfinished landscape the beginnings of the dancing schoolgirl’s face had appeared. His hand, without his mind’s permission, had captured but a fraction of her beauty.

Hubert looked out over the field and quickly spotted the sensuous phantasm. She was laying out a blanket among a throng of wildflowers. His lips quirked up into a grin.

“I didn’t realize you indulged in, in—what would your uncle call it?—in a female’s talent, Pole,” he said as his gaze remained trained on the young woman. He licked his wide lips. “I certainly can’t fault you in your choice of subjects, though. Zounds, that chit would make a man of my ilk a mighty fine wife.” His grin grew by wolfish proportions.

“I-I can’t imagine what you mean. I only paint landscapes. The child intruded into my work, that is all,” he protested, though Hubert’s interest had already been turned.

“Child? She’s sixteen, if not a day,” Hubert said, and snatched the wet painting from the easel.

“Hand that back!”

“If you don’t want your uncle learning of this frivolous pursuit of yours, you’ll do as I demand,” Hubert said.

His uncle’s efforts to forcefully mold Dionysus into a hard, no-nonsense man—the exact opposite of his dreamy father—were common knowledge at Merton College. The blood drained away from his head at the thought of pricking his uncle’s ire. He backed down and stood unmanned, silently cursing his bloody weaknesses and his wretched fear of his uncle, as he watched Hubert swagger toward the bevy of women, the wet painting swinging in his paws.

More than eight years later, his heart still thundered, his breath still fled at the thought of speaking to the lovely angel Hubert had so boldly approached that spring morning. But he didn’t need to speak to her, for he now possessed the painting. He crossed the dimly lit workroom to his pile of discarded canvases where he’d hidden it away from anyone’s eyes but his.

Tossing the canvases aside, one by one his muscles grew taut, eager to drink in the view of her rose-petal lips and her creamy body.

He lifted the last of the canvases and stared at the bare, stone floor. “What trickery is this?” he whispered, dragging both his hands through his hair. He tugged at the strands until his scalp burned. “Where is she?”

His mind raced, his chest constricted, frightened to consider the possibilities. His painting—the proof of his madness was gone.

Someone must have found it.

Taken it.

* * * *

It had taken only two days for the ton’s censure to fall on the entire Baneshire household, confirming Elsbeth’s worst fears. Because of her position as chaperone to Baneshire’s daughters, not one member of the ton dared send an invitation for fear of her inadvertent attendance. And yesterday, Sir Donald Gilforth had paid a call to Lauretta. She’d been expecting him to propose marriage. But instead, he coldly broke off their relationship, announcing that in light of Elsbeth’s scandal, he needed to think of his unmarried sisters’ reputations. And that he didn’t dare let his name continue to be associated with theirs. Elsbeth decided right then and there that something drastic had to be done to remedy this disaster. And soon.

Early in the afternoon the very next day, Elsbeth hastily departed from the Baneshire town house. None of the servants raised an eyebrow or questioned the wisdom of her venturing out alone on foot with only her oilskin cape for protection from the freezing rain.

She curled icy fingers into a pair of tight fists. Dionysus, whoever that rogue turned out to be, would soon regret the day he sought to ruin her. He would pay for the humiliation he’d served her while hiding like a coward in the night. She hadn’t lied to her uncle. She didn’t know Dionysus’s true identity…but she knew someone who might.

A cold wind whipped a stinging rain against her face. She tugged at her cape, pulling the fabric close to her body. Trying to ignore the water soaking through her thinly soled half boots, she marched down the street, head lowered, toward what surely would be considered improper behavior.

She was about to visit a bachelor in his home.

If her reputation were not already in tatters and Lauretta’s heart not already smashed to pieces, she would have never considered such an outrageous course of action.

* * * *

“What is it now, Graves?” Severin asked his butler who’d appeared once again in the doorway. The baron had spent the afternoon sequestered behind closed doors in his shabby study, working desperately to keep one step ahead of his creditors. The constant patter of rain against the windowpane confirmed that the weather outside continued to be dreadful. For a day when any sane man or woman should be huddling beside a blazing fire, he couldn’t imagine why his study was becoming as busy as a fashionable tearoom.

“There is a woman demanding entrance, my lord,” Graves announced in a tone that made Severin wonder if his butler had recently gotten a whiff of some truly awful scent.

“Send her in,” he said, without glancing up from the piles of ledgers on his desk.

“But-but, my lord,” Graves stammered in a most uncommon manner. “The lady is unescorted. I shall send her away.”

“Send her away? An unescorted woman? Graves, I am shocked. You know I have a reputation to keep. By all means send the woman directly up—and be sure the neighborhood witnesses my thoroughly debauched behavior.”

“Very good, my lord,” Graves said flatly.

A few moments later the doors to the study again slid open. Severin set down his pen and waited to see who his mysterious visitor could be. The dowager Lady Buckley had been making bold passes of late and had hinted that she was looking for a new lover. Would she be so brash as to appear on his doorstep in the middle of the day? Her coffers were overflowing and her face still lovely. He could dearly make use of such a combination.

He sat forward in his leather chair and watched as a slender figure, still cloaked, entered the room. A heavy hood shadowed her face. Water dripped from her hem, staining his bright red Axminster rug, a rug he could ill-afford to have ruined.

“Graves!” he shouted. “Graves! Where is your head? Take the lady’s cloak straightaway. And fetch a pot of tea.”

The butler returned, his back ramrod straight. “Aye, my lord.”

Severin took to his feet and crossed the room while the lady allowed Graves to help her shed her sodden cloak. “Please,” he said, and let a seductive smile curl his lips. “Stand with me by the fire. I daresay your bones must be chilled through and through.”

She turned toward him. There was no matching smile in sight. The heat in her gaze damned well burned him.

Severin’s rakish grin froze on his face. Shock—that was what had done this to him.

What in blazes was she doing here? The Marquess of Edgeware, after blistering Severin’s ears for having displayed the scandalous painting without his knowledge or permission, had promised to set things right. Dionysus was, after all, Edgeware’s responsibility. Severin had spent more money than he could afford already when he’d dispatched a messenger to the Marquess of Edgeware’s estate a few hours after the unfortunate unveiling. Severin’s responsibility had ended there. Or so he’d hoped.

“Lady Mercer, this-this is indeed a surprise.” He motioned again to the fire. “Please, take a moment to warm yourself.”

The bright peacock and white striped promenade dress made from the thinnest muslin fabric complemented her winter-pinked cheeks and rosy lips. Her golden hair, swept up away from her slender neck, formed a halo of silky curls on the top of her head.

“This is by no means a social call.” She drew a deep breath and straightened her shoulders. “I am here on an important matter of business.”

“Indeed,” he said.

He leaned against the hearth and watched her slender fingers tug at the damp woolen gloves, struggling to peel them off. After a few moments, she gave up and with a huff turned her attentions instead to the contents of the rather plain reticule hanging from her wrist.

Severin stepped forward, concerned she was about to produce a revolver.

“Actually, two matters of business,” she said, as she retrieved a silken purse from the reticule. “I don’t possess a great fortune. And I cannot take an advance in my quarterly income without my uncle’s knowledge.”

She swallowed hard and cleared her throat. “I wish to purchase the painting.” A blush brightened her cheeks. “The painting of me.”

“I’m sorry, my lady, but that would be quite impossible.”

“I am more than willing to pay your price.” There was a compelling strength in her tone. But when she held up the silk sack, clearly heavy with coins, he saw that her fingers were shaking. “You must sell it to me.”

Fearing she was on the verge of collapse, Severin rushed to her side and led her to a chair near the fire. He kept a tight grasp on her damp hands as he freed the silk coin purse from her fingers and laid it on her lap. “I am sorry, but the painting is no longer available.”

“Oh dear,” she whispered. “I hadn’t considered that possibility.”

She looked up quickly. “Provide me the name of the buyer. I must have the painting. I simply must. Certainly you can understand why.”

Severin returned to the large fireplace. “Forgive me,” he said. He kept his back to her, unable to face the anger that darkened her sparkling blue eyes. “I gave my word as a gentleman that I would never reveal the buyer’s name.”

The room fell silent for many minutes save for the occasional crackle from the fire burning behind the grate. Slowly he turned to find her gaze set upon him and her mouth drawn to a thin line.

“You had two matters of business? Perhaps I’ll be able to assist you with the second?”

Lady Mercer blinked.

He held his breath, bracing for her patience to come to a quick end.

“If you gave your word…” she said finally with a sigh. She rose from her chair. “Dionysus.” A sharp fire flared anew in her eyes. “Tell me, Lord Ames, who is he?”

His mouth dropped open. “You don’t know?”

Her slender body trembled, but this time it looked as if womanly rage, not fear, shook her.

“No. No, why should I know him? Tell me, Lord Ames. You are his sponsor. Tell me, who is he?” She shook her bag of coins. “I can pay for the information. I must…I must find him and demand that he answer for what he’s done to me…and to the Baneshire family.”

Severin stood torn between rushing to comfort her and fleeing to the far side of the room to take cover from the fury he was, no doubt, about to cause. “Forgive me, my lady. As much as this too pains me, I have sworn an oath of secrecy to the artist. I cannot help you.”

* * * *

He had sworn an oath?

“Very well,” Elsbeth said while silently cursing her own foolishness. Why had she expected answers from him? Just because he’d been kind to her once? She should have expected nothing, for despite the kindness he’d shown her years ago, he’d also been a friend of her husband’s. And that fact alone should have been enough to warn her not to expect any goodness from the likes of him. “With or without your help, I will find him.”

With her shoulders squared, she marched out the door.

“If there is ever anything else I can do—” he called after her. She didn’t wait to hear the rest of that empty offer.

What a simpering fool he must think her to be. He was probably laughing behind his hand right now. Ames’s butler quickly helped her with her cloak and ushered her back out into the worst of the cold, wet weather. She took one last look at his town house.

The rogue, along with his cronies, knew exactly what they were doing when they chose to display that horrid painting. Her cheeks burned with a deep blush from the memory of seeing the image of herself spread out like a wanton, naked and unashamed, on a crimson sofa. The details were startling. How could Dionysus know her so intimately? Not even her husband had seen her in such a willing pose. Never, ever, had she been so comfortable with her body to so abandon her modesty.

She stifled a sneeze.

What a fine fettle this afternoon was turning out to be. And her folly was about to reward her with a terrible head cold. “My family would probably be better off if I contracted a lung affliction and died.”

She sneezed again.

“God bless you, my lady.” An unmistakably masculine gloved hand pressed a crisp handkerchief into her soggy palm. “The weather is wicked enough to kill the stoutest of creatures. Whatever is a delicate bird like yourself doing tempting the fates so?”

The stranger stood so close she could feel the heat rise from him. His hand captured her elbow, sending every muscle tightening in her. Her nervous fingers dabbed at her nose with the man’s handkerchief while her mind raced at a frantic, almost unmanageable rate. She shivered and thought how foolish it was for her to leave the Baneshire home without a maid. The London streets weren’t safe for ladies, even widows. The men of the city seemed to prowl upon them like hounds on the hunt for foxes.

She dabbed the handkerchief to her nose again, stifling another sneeze. The foreign scent of him was strong on the warm cloth, a spicy mix of almonds and sage—a scent she’d imagine wafting out of a Dionysus painting. It sent her gaze sailing to his face.

Large, black eyes overflowing with questions, stared back from down a sharp, aristocratic nose. His sun-kissed brows, raised slightly at the corners, drew her attention, as did the wisps of hair escaping from the confines of his hat. He pursed his lips with amusement but kept his thoughts to himself. Rain dripped from the rim of a highly polished beaver hat and beaded upon the shoulders of a long, black greatcoat.

He was the devil, she thought, fueling her courage to try and jerk out of his grasp.

His grip on her elbow tightened, and he pulled her closer. “We must not delay getting you out of this weather.” He hastened her forward using brute force.

She planted her feet, struggling against his quickened stride. But his muscles were stronger than her resolve. Her feet tangled beneath her legs and she stumbled, sending her tumbling into his solid chest.

A surge of panic struck her and she fought him. “If you don’t unhand me, sir, I will scream.”

“I beg you, don’t.” He faltered a step. She followed his gaze as he peered up and down the unusually deserted Queen Street. “I don’t wish to draw undue attention.”

A loud enough shout would rouse servants to the door despite the cold weather and heavy rains.

The pressure of his hand on her arm burned through the layers of her clothing, reminding her not to trust her safety to a man. The hard gleam in his eyes betrayed his determination. He would not let her go without a fight.

But considering the frustrations she suffered earlier in the day, she was only too ready to provide him with a royal battle. She tossed back her head, the hood of her cape sliding away, and opened her mouth to let out a scream guaranteed to stir the most sedentary of beings.

A warm, dry gloved hand swiftly pressed against her mouth. “I sincerely apologize, my lady. But in the interest of protecting your reputation, I cannot allow you to alarm the good people residing on this street.” He bustled her toward a waiting carriage as if she were nothing more than an extra piece of baggage.

Two enormous horses, dark as midnight, stood before the black unmarked carriage, waiting to carry her into the depths of hell, or worse—to this man’s personal bedchamber.

A finely appointed footman, dressed in green livery, tipped his hat to her as if she were a willing guest and swept the carriage door open. Ignoring her struggles, the stranger lifted her and tossed her unceremoniously into the carriage’s darkened interior.

He climbed in behind her, filling the small space with his full frame. Without a word of apology, he dropped down on the upholstered bench across from her, trapping her legs between his thighs and then rapped on the roof with his fist. The carriage jerked into motion, tossing her against the carriage’s leather squab.

“It is good to escape that dratted rain, wouldn’t you say so, my lady?” He had the audacity to lean back and stretch his arms out along the back of the bench as if abducting helpless ladies was a common practice. “I despise the interior of carriages. Too cramped and airless for my liking, but on a day like today I gladly make allowances.”

She clasped her hands together in front of her. “Sir.” Her teeth chattered with the word. “Are we acquainted? For I don’t recall you being introduced to me at Lord Baneshire’s ball, and I cannot imagine where else I would have met you.” She struggled to draw a calming breath. “Are you a friend of my deceased husband?”

“You’re shivering.” He reached toward her legs.

She squealed and drew her feet up from the floor.

He gave her a puzzled look but kept his hand beneath her bench. “Here,” he said. He grabbed her ankles and set her feet on a heated brick. “That should warm you.” He then produced a blanket from underneath his own bench and draped it over her legs.

It wasn’t the cold that was making her shiver so; her heart fluttered wildly in her throat. She’d been abducted. Why ever would he want to kidnap her? Her husband’s inheritance wouldn’t buy a loaf of bread, much less warrant a ransom.

“W-what do you want from me?”

Instead of answering, he leaned forward in the seat. “I know all about Dionysus’s painting,” he said softly.





Chapter Four

“Dionysus?” Elsbeth’s anger heated the entire compartment. “Dionysus!”

She curled her tiny hands into a pair of tight fists and shook them at him. “I have no idea why he’d wish to ruin me. I don’t even know the man. And—and if you think I’m the kind of woman portrayed in that painting, you are sorely mistaken. I am a God-fearing woman, chaste and faithful. Society may believe me fallen, but I assure you, sir, my morals are above reproach. I will fight you to my death if need be.”

The stranger laughed. The hearty sound filled the carriage as he tossed off his top hat and gave his head a good shake. “My dear lady,” he said. “I’m not looking to steal your virtue, but to restore it.”

She regarded him with grave caution. “Who are you?”

He sobered. His dark eyes flashed from the shadows. She wished she could see his face more clearly. She considered herself fairly competent at reading a man’s intentions—especially the depraved ones.

“Forgive me, my lady. The company of the gentler species is foreign to me.” He inclined his head a notch. “Allow me to present myself. I am Edgeware. And you are correct. We have yet to be introduced.”

“Edgeware? The Marquess of Edgeware?” She couldn’t believe she’d heard him correctly. Edgeware was a well-known name. A powerful political figure. The matrons of the ton all clamored for his attendance at the most elite of events. More often than not, he’d disappoint the poor women, refusing all but a select few engagements to attend every year.

A powerful recluse.

A mysterious bachelor.

“I would have acted sooner, but I only recently learned of your predicament.” He settled back in his seat again. “And unfortunately I have other pressing matters also requiring my attentions.”

“Predicament?” she cried. “Predicament? That’s a blasted understatement! I, sir, have been ruined, utterly ruined. And even so I would be able to survive this scandal if it only affected me. But my cousins are suffering every bit as much.” She closed her eyes and remembered the tears glistening on Lauretta’s cheeks after Sir Donald had stomped on her heart. “More so.”

She drew a breath and straightened. “For them, I intend to find this—this Dionysus. I intend to expose him, to force him to answer for what he’s done. If you can help me, I implore that you do.”

Her abductor tugged at his gloves. “I will help restore your reputation,” he said, crisply. “However, I cannot allow you to act against Dionysus.”

“Why? Why would you help me? I don’t even know you.” A prickle of unease crept down her spine. In her experience, gentlemen, despite their supposed code of honor, rarely acted without expecting a sharp payment in return for their troubles.

Only one man, her uncle, had ever treated her with unfailing kindness. She winced, imagining how he must now be regretting his invitation to have her live with his family.

“True, I do not know you.” He leaned forward. The interior lantern illuminated his face. His haunting eyes latched onto hers. “I do know, however, that you’ve been wronged. And though I cannot discuss this matter much further, I can tell you that I bear the brunt of responsibility for Dionysus and his actions. I am his keeper, of sorts. You have nothing to worry about with me.” He reached out and stroked her cheek. A tremor of alarm shot through her when his touch sparked a pleasing tingle that spiraled through her chest. Startled, she pulled away as sharply as if he had stung her.

“I will set things right for you.” He sunk back into the shadows of the carriage. “But understand, too, I’ll do what I must to protect Dionysus from your efforts to expose him.”

He rapped on the roof.

The carriage, Elsbeth was shaken to notice, had already drawn to a halt. A cloaked footman, damp from the pouring rain, swung open the door. She peered out the opening and recognized the highly ornate front door to the Baneshire town house only a few feet away.

“Thank you for the carriage ride,” she said as she scooted across the bench.

“I am hosting a house party next week at my country home in Dorset. Attend the party, my lady.” His deep voice rumbled in the darkness. “I’ll accept no excuse for your absence.”

With a quick nod and a silent vow that she’d do well to avoid any and all events involving the Marquess, she dashed through the rain and inside the town house. After depositing her dripping oilskin cape with Tallford, Baneshire’s grim-faced butler, she hurried up the stairs despite Olivia’s attempts to delay her. Elsbeth managed to make it up to her room without missing a stride.

“Imagine that,” she said to her empty bedchamber as she leaned against the door. “He expects me to attend a house party.” Her heart raced and a fresh rush of heat burned her cheeks.

She may have escaped his carriage, but she feared the abduction was far from over.

She’d barely a moment to hatch an excuse for getting out of the invitation before a light knock sounded at the door. Elsbeth jumped. “Go away, Olivia.”

The door eased opened. Molly, Elsbeth’s rather unconventional lady’s maid, one of the very few reminders of her life with her dead husband, backed into the room with a tea tray in her arms.

“Beg pardon, milady,” Molly drawled in her less-than-perfect English. “Tallford said you’d be needin’ a pot o’ tea?”

“Yes, thank you Molly. I would also appreciate a hand changing into a dry gown.”

“Gracious, milady.” Molly closed the door after her and rushed to set the tray down. She tugged at Elsbeth’s damp gown like a nervous mother hen. “We must get this off you before you catch your death. You should have rung for me right away.”

Elsbeth allowed Molly to fuss over her. Soon she was dressed in a serviceable wool gown that was not only warm but also extremely comfortable.

It was not at all the thing a fashionable woman would dare wear. Her late husband would have claimed she looked as dowdy as a washerwoman. She smoothed out the deeply creased skirt while Molly reluctantly excused herself from the chamber. Once again alone, she pressed her ear to the door, straining as she listened for evidence of her cousins lurking in the hall.

This afternoon, she heard blessedly few sounds. A creak here and a moaning floorboard there. Alone, and after surviving such an adventure in the dreary cold, she felt as if she could finally breathe easily.

Before she realized what she was doing, she knelt beside her bed. The day she’d moved into this chamber she had shoved a carefully wrapped package underneath it.

Her hand quickly found the flat package wrapped in a length of pink and white fabric. She sat on the bed and brushed a layer of dust from its surface. A pink ribbon crisscrossed the package. It was a ribbon she’d worn in her hair when she was still a young woman as silly and carefree as her cousins. She pulled one end of the ribbon. The knot loosened and the fabric slipped away.

With a heavy heart she picked up the stiff canvas and ran her finger over the beautiful oil painting. At one time she owned many such works.

In a fit of rage she had destroyed them all—all except this one.

Why had this small painting survived? The work of art, not much larger than a sheet of foolscap, gave life to a simple scene. The artist must have stretched out flat on his stomach in the midst of a field of wildflowers to capture such an intimate perspective of the deep purple and bright yellow flowers waving in the soft summer breeze.

In the forefront, a single white daisy leaned forward, almost reaching out from the canvas, so close it must have tickled the artist’s nose.

A mist of tears clouded Elsbeth’s vision. She blinked, hoping to hold back the memories and the pain. The life, the freedom, the unbridled happiness in the painting pricked her heart like a broken promise.

Fields of wildflowers were long gone from her life.

She could scarcely remember the love she’d once felt toward the creator of the painting. The feeling had changed, become twisted, and transformed into something ugly.

Even so, she still appreciated the passion in the artist’s bold brush strokes. She’d never seen any other artist work the same way, plying the paints so heavily on the canvas, but at the same time evoking a light, sometimes playful effect. Nor had she ever seen a painter reveal so much of the deep longing that must be hidden in the artist’s heart.

She’d never again seen such a painting…not until Dionysus. Why was he so determined to torment her? Damn the man to Hades and back. Who was he?

Were the years of pain and horror she’d suffered living with her husband not enough? Was the artist determined to deny her even a moment of peace? A glimmering chance for happiness? She raised her hand, poised to tear the aging material and destroy the last remaining evidence of her ability to love.

Her arm, hanging in the air, froze.

“I can’t.” She tossed the painting aside and collapsed on the middle of her bed.

“I can’t,” she sobbed.

* * * *

Nigel lifted the neatly folded handkerchief Lady Mercer had left on the empty bench as the carriage pulled away from the Grosvenor Square town house.

“Well, well,” he said. The damp scent of lilacs and orange blossoms lingered with his cologne on the soft linen. “She’s not quite the wilting flower I’d expected.”

In fact, after meeting her, he decided she was much more a mystery now than when she was just a beautiful figure sculpted on canvas.

A canvas now safely locked away in his private vault.

Her fiery spirit was delightfully intriguing. It pained him that he’d have to block her efforts for revenge. He’d much rather fight battles for the lady than wage one against her.

He could easily crush her. But destruction was the last thing on his mind.

Perhaps…perhaps…

Perhaps he wouldn’t wage a war against Lady Mercer. Perhaps he could bend her will to suit his own purposes.

He smiled at the prospect. Seduction wouldn’t be simple. He wasn’t a fool. The young widow had frozen like a terrified doe when he touched her. Her warm skin had cooled to ice under his fingertips.

But her feelings didn’t signify. Nigel relished challenges, the more impossible the better. And he’d never met a proper unwed lady who wasn’t either moon-eyed or near to swooning in his presence.

Disdain—now that was a novel experience. Terrifyingly so.

The carriage pulled to a halt and the door swung open.

He took one more whiff of the sweetly scented handkerchief before jamming the cloth into his coat pocket and leapt from the carriage with the confidence of a man prepared to take on the herculean task of holding up the world.

The game was on. He’d seduce Lady Mercer—she was a widow after all—save her reputation. And distract her until he could destroy all evidence of Dionysus’s existence.





Chapter Five

Molly pulled back the curtains, sending an overly bright beam of sunlight streaming into the large bedroom. Elsbeth groaned and buried her head within the soft folds of her down pillow.

“No use ’iding, milady,” Molly drawled. “Lord Baneshire is already calling for ye to meet ’im in ’is breakfast room. An invitation ’ad been delivered yesterday. To a party, milady.” She hummed an unrecognizable tune as she bustled noisily about the room.

“You’re dropping your H’s again.”

“Forgive me, milady. It’s just the excitement ’as me tongue slippin’,” She bobbed a curtsy and blushed. “Here is a pretty gown, milady.” She’d tossed open the wardrobe and quickly produced a bright pink morning gown. The intense color made Elsbeth draw in her breath.

After a year of donning black gowns, the array of brightly colored gowns her uncle had insisted she have made still had the power to take her breath away.

Molly laid the gown across the foot of the bed, then stood back and smiled. “I pronounced me ach’s nice an’ clear that time, I did.”

“Yes, Molly, you did. You are a gem.” Molly, the youngest daughter of the Mercer’s smithy, was by no means trained as a lady’s maid. Mercer’s housekeeper, Mrs. Brucket, had gasped and sputtered so much when Elsbeth brought the sturdy young woman into the house, everyone present feared the poor housekeeper was suffering from a fit of apoplexy.

“I will have to inform his lordship about this,” Mrs. Brucket had threatened once she’d caught her breath. A knowing gleam had darkened her eyes. The housekeeper’s threat did nothing to deter Elsbeth even if the threat of her husband’s anger had given her reason to pause.

The danger of not acting had been simply too great.

Georgette, the lady’s maid originally assigned to her, had been much more interested in pleasing Lord Mercer than attending to any of Elsbeth’s needs. Georgette’s seductive presence, jealous rages, and seemingly innocent lapses in memory proved to be a dangerous combination.

After the girl had created a situation where Elsbeth was “discovered” by Lord Mercer alone in her bedchamber with one of the estate’s footmen—the consequences Elsbeth shuddered to remember—she knew, for her own safety’s sake, that Georgette had to go.

Molly, a plain girl, strong and silent, became her saving grace. The younger woman, proud of her new position, had quickly assumed the role of Elsbeth’s keeper. Together they persevered against Lord Mercer…and his violent rages. She doubted she’d have been able to survive without her lady’s maid’s unbreakable cheerfulness, strength, and friendship.

“Well?” Molly scoffed. “Are ye planning on commentin’ on the gown or no?”

Elsbeth shook her head to clear away those shadowy memories. “Yes, of course, that pink gown should suit.” Not that she could fathom what manner of dress she should choose to tell her uncle of her plans to refuse Lord Edgeware’s summons to attend his house party.

Less than a quarter hour later, she made her way downstairs and paused in the doorway of the breakfast room. The stormy weather had broken sometime during the night, and the sun poured into the windows filling even the corners of the room with a warm light.

And that was where she found him—the demon himself dressed in gentleman’s finery—standing in front of the sideboard, grinning from behind sparkling onyx eyes, and spooning a serving of eggs onto his plate as if he were in his own home.

It wasn’t by the farthest stretch of one’s imagination a decent hour to be visiting. How dare he make such a breach of etiquette and enter her home?

And what in blazes had he said to Lord Baneshire?

“Good morning, Elsbeth,” her uncle said. He was clearly beside himself with excitement. “Please, join us.” He motioned toward the empty chair next to his wife. Even her wan cheeks held a blush of color as she smiled upon the gentleman who looked too young to be a marquess.

Elsbeth felt no need to be taken in by Edgeware’s dashing looks, which were a good deal more striking in this morning’s bright sunlight than in the dim light of the dreary day before. He was too handsome by half. And by the arrogant way he held himself, she could tell he knew the havoc his stunning good looks could do to a lady’s knees.

He turned toward her. His expression became serious as he gazed at her for a moment with a smoldering under-look that made her think of dark carnal desires. Repressed desires.

Her breath caught deep in her chest.

Lord Baneshire missed their sinfully improper albeit silent exchange as he rose from the table. “Edgeware, please allow me to present my niece, Elsbeth, the dowager Countess of Mercer.”

“My lady,” he said smoothly, “the Earl of Mercer was your husband? My sympathies.”

She blinked twice, still feeling somewhat unbalanced and uncertain of the feelings his simmering gaze was provoking. Purposefully provoking, no doubt.

“What are you doing here?” she demanded.

“Elsbeth!” her uncle gasped, his brows rising sharply.

“I beg your forgiveness, Uncle, Lord Edgeware,” she said, carefully avoiding the Marquess’s gaze. The tingling that spread through her belly must have been sparked by those seductive eyes of his. She stared at her satiny kid slippers instead. “I meant no insult. It is just that I’m unaccustomed to receiving guests so early in the morning, and in the breakfast room. Is this a new London custom I’ve not yet been made aware?”

A tense silence followed her less than sincere apology. She dared to chance a peek. The dark lord, as she was beginning to think of him, tilted his head and stared at her in the most aggrieving manner.

She tried again to decipher his expression. Amusement? Did he think of her and of her predicament as nothing more than a silly joke? A diversion to relieve a case of ennui?

“I was speaking with your uncle about my upcoming house party. I wanted him to understand that the invitation I’d issued yesterday was presented with the most heartfelt feelings of goodwill.” A smile curled his pursed lips, drawing her attention to them. “Please, do join us in the discussion.”

Her heart sputtered despite her efforts to hold rein over her control. Running from the room was beginning to look like a reasonable course of action. She didn’t want to gaze at his lips or remember the gentle way his hand had caressed her cheek in the carriage the day before. And she certainly did not wish to remember the pleasant dream his wicked self had marched into and made even more pleasant with fantasies of gallantry.

This marquess, no matter how refined, no matter how handsome, was willingly aiding Dionysus. No matter what, she could not overlook that fact. She simply couldn’t let her defenses be swayed. She grasped the doorframe and held her ground, remaining a step outside the breakfast room.

At least she hadn’t yet run away.

“Lord Edgeware.” Her tone could have frozen the flames licking the coals behind the grate in the fireplace. She stiffened her shoulders, finding her body trembling from just the thought of speaking against a man’s wishes, especially a man whose broad shoulders looked ready to burst through the material of his fashionably tight coat.

She gulped. Truly, she was a widow now, and though a poor relation, no longer beholden to any man. “Lord Edgeware,” she tried again before her conviction waned. In her experience men didn’t take well to having their wishes thwarted. Her gaze strayed to the rosette plasterwork on the ceiling. “I do thank you for inviting the Baneshire family and myself to your house party. I’m sure the attentions you’re giving Olivia and Lauretta will restore them to the positions in Society they so dearly deserve.”

She swallowed hard and hurried on. “And I am glad to see you here, in the breakfast parlor. For, my lord, it will save me the trouble of penning a note. Though I have given the matter a great deal of thought, I feel I must refuse your invitation. My presence will only remind the ton of the perfidy they believe true of me and will surely further taint how they view my cousins.”

Edgeware stood in the center of the room clutching the breakfast plate in his powerful hands and just stared at her.

“Elsbeth,” Lady Baneshire spoke in her gentle tone, “are you certain you are taking the wisest course of action?”

“The wisest course of action?” Edgeware said, his tone rising. “What she has suggested must be the most damnably idiotic notion I have ever heard.” He dropped his plate on the table with a loud clatter and took two broad steps toward her.

God protect her, the dark lord was going to attack her, here, in the Baneshire breakfast parlor! She crossed her arms in front of her chest and with a small cry of alarm backed away. Before she could gain any great distance, his hand shot out and clamped down around her arm, effectively trapping her.

“I’ll not have this conversation with you cowering in the doorway, looking like a frightened rabbit ready to bolt…my lady.” He pulled a chair out from the table and sat her unceremoniously into it. With his hand still trapping her arm, he dropped into the seat next to her.

“I cannot imagine what has gotten into our Elsbeth,” her uncle said, his complexion suddenly as pale as the white linen tablecloth.

“She is obviously suffering from a breakdown of nerves.” Edgeware’s unbreakable black gaze threatened to singe her. “The strain, the suffering from society’s censure must be taking a terrible toll. But you need not fear the outcome of the house party, my lady.”

Both Elsbeth’s aunt and uncle heartily, and loudly, agreed, both launching into lengthy speeches.

Edgeware chuckled. “It appears I’ve created some discord here,” he said, not sounding a whit sorry for it. Instead, he leaned in close and lowered his voice so she could barely hear him above her aunt and uncle’s excited speeches. “As I have already explained, I fully intend to restore your reputation…with or without your cooperation, by the way.”

She tried with little success to ignore him and, for that matter, to ignore the arguments her aunt and uncle were quickly offering up as reasons why she ought to agree to attend the blasted house party. And she found it impossible to ignore the warm hand still curling around her arm.

A man as self-important as Edgeware, a man so like her husband, could easily lose his temper and justify harming her. Though his grasp was surprisingly gentle, she dared not trust the dark lord. His eyes were as black as the devil’s heart.

She was barely able to stifle the whimper that tried to escape her quivering lips.

* * * *

Lady Mercer stared, fixated on his hand, the hand gripping her slender arm. Her sapphire eyes turned as hard as the gems they resembled. A look of outrage tightened the fine features of her slender face, rushing away the wariness that had frozen her expression a moment before.

Nigel had to admit his actions bordered on the outrageous. But if he hadn’t grabbed her when he did, she would have dashed from the room, creating an impossible scene that may have trapped him into withdrawing the invitation to the house party altogether.

No, he could not allow that. Besides, he despised nasty, emotional scenes. They served no purpose other than to play havoc with his digestive system.

Lady Mercer brought her gaze up to meet his eyes. “Do what you must to serve whatever twisted version of justice you are seeking, but understand this. I vow I won’t stop until I’ve uncovered that demon you hide. Dionysus will not be allowed to continue his charade,” she whispered. A fire sparked between them as a deep flush deepened the pink of her cheeks.

“Your eyes, my dear lady,” he said, finding himself becoming trapped by her stinging gaze, almost seduced by them. Dionysus’s efforts to capture the life in her vivid blue eyes were but pale imitations when compared to the real things.

“What about my eyes?”

“They are not quite a deep blue, are they? But there is an unusual quality that darkens them. That shade of blue is far from what I’d consider dark,” he said, and let his hand slip from her arm. “I believe they are almost a Sardinian blue. But not quite. Like you, they are quite unique. A treasure.”

Lady Mercer—no, he could not think of her by that cursed name—to him she was simply Elsbeth, and Elsbeth, pretty as a spring flower, didn’t smile at his compliment.

“Do you not like your eyes?” he asked. “Perhaps you wish they were a pretty shade of green, like emeralds?”

Elsbeth stiffened her shoulders and sat ramrod straight in the chair. “I, sir, am not at all displeased with the color of my eyes. It is your commenting on them that offends me,” she said, no longer whispering.

“Indeed?” He sat back in his chair. Most young women were trained to be coy, not straightforward. And she had come back with her set-down as quickly as a seasoned society matron. “Do you care to tell me why?”

Before she could answer, her uncle broke into their conversation.

“What nonsense is this?” he asked. “We were discussing the house party. How ever, Elsbeth, did you manage to stray from the topic?”

Elsbeth glared at Nigel, sputtering with frustration. “I-I-he—”

“No matter,” Baneshire said smoothly. “I can quickly settle this matter of the house party.”

That caught Nigel’s attention.

“Lady Baneshire and I have been more than pleased with your service as lady’s companion to my daughters, Elsbeth.” Baneshire smiled as he spoke, but Nigel recognized an undercurrent of tension in the man’s voice. “And of course you will never be turned away. You may feel free to stay with us as long as you wish.”

“Thank you,” she said. She lowered her head and appeared to be very interested in the intricate stitching on the tablecloth.

“I remember when you first came to us, you insisted on making yourself useful. You were the one who begged to assume the duties of Olivia and Lauretta’s companion and chaperone. Do you wish to continue in that role?”

“Of course I do. I just don’t—”

“Splendid.” Baneshire clapped his hands once. “Then it is settled. You will accept Edgeware’s generous invitation to his house party and allow his irreproachable reputation to repair yours.”

“I will have Tallford send for Madame Bossier this afternoon,” Lady Baneshire said. She, too, was clearly delighted. “Olivia, Lauretta, and, of course you, my dear, will simply have to order a new wardrobe.”

At that, Elsbeth glanced up from the tablecloth with more than a little degree of alarm. “I beg you, Aunt. Please do not go to any bother for me. I am in no need of a new wardrobe. I have barely worn any of the dresses ordered for the Season. They should be sufficient for a country house party.”

“No, my dear,” Lady Baneshire’s voice was gentle but firm. “As you already know, a house party requires a very specific wardrobe.”

“Surely my gowns will do.” There was an edge of panic in Elsbeth voice. Nigel wondered at it.

“No, they won’t do.”

Her chin tightened. Nigel could only guess why the thought of ordering a new wardrobe would overset a young lady’s nerves. Money, or rather a shortage of it, was most likely at root of her worries.

“Baneshire,” he said, rising from the table. He gave Elsbeth a warm smile. “I thank you for a delicious breakfast.” Of which he did not eat a bite. A shame, really. The pastries did look very tasty. “Unfortunately, I have another engagement that I cannot delay.”

Actually, he didn’t have any waiting engagements that morning. He had cleared his schedule so he could focus all his attentions on repairing Elsbeth’s reputation. The reason for the lie was that he suddenly needed a moment alone with Elsbeth, and he would not get one while lounging in the breakfast parlor.

Baneshire rose from his chair and took Nigel’s hand, thanking him again for inviting them to his house party.

“I am indeed sorry to hear that your health prevents you from attending, Lady Baneshire,” Nigel said as he bowed over the lady’s limp hand. “It was certainly a pleasure seeing you again.”

He purposefully ignored Elsbeth and started toward the door. Baneshire, naturally, followed with the intention of walking his guest to the entranceway.

“Lady Mercer.” He paused at the threshold and turned to face her as if she were an afterthought.

She looked so untouched in her perfection. He couldn’t picture that this slender beauty had lived as another man’s wife for nearly six years. The thought of her engaged in any sort of carnal act was staggering.

He quickly cleared his throat. “Perhaps Lady Mercer would be kind enough to show me to the front door?” He posed the question to Baneshire instead of Elsbeth who would have deftly rejected him.

Her uncle appeared delighted. He stepped back, giving Elsbeth ample room to take Nigel’s arm and no room to refuse.

She wrinkled her gentle, blond brows and frowned deeply, hesitating a long moment before touching his sleeve. “My lord,” she said briskly, “the front entry is this way.”

Within a few steps they were alone in the hall. He stopped and turned abruptly to her. Her sapphire eyes darted beyond his shoulder, to the ceiling, to his feet, and after a lifetime of breathless moments and a long shuddering on her part, stilled to gaze on his face. He rewarded her with a smile.

“Very good, my lady. I don’t believe you met my eyes once in the breakfast parlor. A lady of your standing has certainly been trained better.”

Her gaze hardened, and thanks to his rebuke she appeared to have grown all the more determined to hold his gaze.

“What do you want from me?” she asked with a huff.

Splendid. The question surprised him, of course. From what he’d heard from Severin, he’d expected to be singed by her tongue. But the fact that she hadn’t burned him to a crisp made what he wanted to accomplish today seem even more accessible.

He peeled off a glove and held out his hand.

Elsbeth, slightly alarmed, flicked a glance at his open palm before locking her gaze with his again. “I don’t understand.”

“Place your hand in mine, Lady Mercer.”

Both her hands closed into fists. “Why?”

At least she had left room for negotiation.

He glanced up and down the hall. There were no servants about. They were still quite alone, though in a busy London town house he could only expect to remain so for longer than a moment or two.

He gave her a blazing smile; one he knew could melt even the most jaded woman’s knees. “I promise not to scandalize you. And I also vow that you have no cause to fear me. Please, place your hand in mine. To indulge in a lengthy discussion of why a man would wish to touch a woman’s hand would only destroy the effect, do you not think?”

“I don’t see this as necessary, my lord.”

“Indeed, it is not necessary at all.” He kept holding his hand out like a beggar, waiting. This was foolish. She was definitely planning on spurning him. But in spite of his misgivings he did not let his smile waver. “I will not force you.”

At least she had spent the past several moments looking only upon his face. That was something.

Chilly fingers brushed his palm. He closed his hand around hers. She flinched but kept her hand within his. Her skin was as cool as the purbeck marble mined from his cliffs. With the pad of his thumb he began tracing a broad circle on the back of her hand.

“Is this so very terrible?” he asked.

“I have experienced worse things.” Her chin lifted a good inch and her lips thinned.

Touching her and believing her to be his, if only for a fleeting moment, filled him with a surprising amount of satisfaction. It was an experience he definitely intended to have repeated and soon.

“I’m glad to know I do not completely repulse you.” He lowered her hand, and released it.

Her eyelashes fluttered as she lost her composure for a moment. A deep blush rose to her cheeks. “The door, my lord,” she said with a grand gesture.

“Just a moment.” He held back from touching her arm. She was as skittish as a kitten when it came to being touched. “Take this.” He held out a banknote he’d fished from his pocket for her. He’d intended to use the note along with several others to pay Severin for his services, but he suspected Elsbeth needed the money even more desperately. “Use it to purchase your gowns.”

“What is this?” She eyed the banknote as if she thought it might bite her. Her sapphire eyes then flashed to his face. “I will not accept charity.” Her eyes grew even wider. He spied a touch of fear in them as she stumbled back a step and stared at the hand that had touched his. “I may be a destitute widow, but I am no doxy whose favor you can purchase.”

Nigel laughed. “No, my lady, I never thought you to be a doxy. You are a treasure, and this is a payment.”

Her nose wrinkled delightfully as she stared at him with some confusion. “A payment? A payment for what?”

“For the painting, of course. If Dionysus received money for selling The Nude, why ever shouldn’t you share in his bounty? You have certainly suffered its existence.”

She stared at the banknote again, this time with more curiosity than caution. “Two hundred pounds? Are you sure that is the sum of money the painting had been sold for?”

“The Nude didn’t sell for two hundred pounds,” he said, a pleased smile spread across his face. She listened to him so eagerly. “The painting was commanding a price more than twice that.” He didn’t tell her that since he took possession of the painting, it never actually sold. If she knew the truth of the matter, she wouldn’t accept the money. “But since you merely acted as the muse to prompt Dionysus to paint the piece, I didn’t think you deserved to keep the full price of the work.”

“Indeed?” she sniffed. He suspected she was about to demand more money from him before she caught herself and pushed the money into a fold of her skirt.

He quickly accepted the victory, small that it may have been, and offered her his arm. She took it much more readily this time and politely led him to the door.

Being a poor relation must be a terribly trying experience for a proud woman. She seemed uncomfortable with the charity the Baneshires no doubt freely gave to her. And the Season’s obligations and events were expensive enough; they were surely straining Elsbeth’s nerves.

Nigel vowed to change all that.

For Elsbeth, a woman far more interesting than a seductive image on a canvas, deserved everything he could give her.





Chapter Six

“Attend the house party, my lady,” Edgeware said with an imperial air. Before Elsbeth had a chance to respond he signaled his intention to leave with a bow. It was a grand gesture full of romantic flourish, yet tempered with a teasing grin. He then turned on his heel and sauntered away.

She watched, feeling more than a little stunned as he departed down the long hallway. She should call out to him. She should rebuke him. But the words simply wouldn’t come.

She pressed her hand to her mouth. Her skin still felt warm from Edgeware’s strong but gentle touch. Like a lover’s caress, his heat spread from the tips of her fingers to her tingling lips.

“No,” she whispered as tears pooled in her eyes. Even though her feelings were in turmoil, even though her belly quivered with both excitement and fear, she would not lose herself to her emotions.

And yet, it had been so long, so very long since she’d felt this way. For the first time in more years than she cared to count, she could feel a slight stirring in her heart. This was Edgeware’s doing, of course. He’d blown into her life like a maelstrom. Or like a brave knight atop a white horse with his bold promises to save her. What woman wouldn’t find herself falling prey to his charms?

Not her. She was no longer a bright-eyed virgin, naively believing in fairytales. Though she didn’t fully understand his motives, she knew exactly what Edgeware was doing. She recognized his heated glances and pretty words for what they were. She also recognized the way her own treacherous body was responding. There was no question in her mind at all about what was happening.

He was trying to seduce her.

And, Heaven help her, she was tempted, oh so dearly tempted to let him.

* * * *

Nigel sipped his brandy and peered over the top of the Gazette he was reading. White’s was crowded with the influential men of the beau monde, many enjoying the warmth of the blazing fires while London suffered from yet another day of chilly rains. His appearance at the gentleman’s club created a minor disturbance. A self-acknowledged recluse, he rarely graced the private rooms of White’s. But despite how much he hated drawing attention to himself, some matters needed to be handled in full view of the public.

“Have you lost your marbles, Edgeware? You have the matrons of the ton all twittering.” Mr. George Waver, Sir Justin Waver’s second son and Nigel’s neighbor in Dorset, plopped down in an adjacent leather chair.

Nigel set his crystal snifter on the small round table between them. He’d nursed the brandy for close to an hour, waiting for George to arrive.

“It’s rare when I’m not the topic of gossip and speculation,” he said wryly.

“But it’s so out of your nature to be the one creating the gossip, to—I hesitate to say it—to entertain.” George threw his legs over the arm of the chair and crossed his ankles. “Do you realize how much entertaining you’ll be responsible for with a house party? Guests linger, you must know, for longer than the week.”

“No one will linger. I’ll make certain of that.”

George shook his head. “For someone who has never hosted a party, you’re certainly jumping into this endeavor with both feet. May I inquire what the blazes you’re up to?”

Nigel chuckled. He never imagined he could surprise George, the founder of a large, though often beleaguered, shipping company. He lifted a manicured finger to his lips. “You may find the house party’s purpose even more shocking than the fact that I’m hosting it. But it is one of the reasons I’ve asked you to meet me.”

George lurched forward and swung his feet to the floor. “Really?” His sky-blue eyes sparkled. “It involves danger? And you need me to watch your back?”

“Danger of another kind, George. And, yes, I do need you to watch my back.” He paused for the sheer joy of watching his friend squirm in his seat. “I’m setting out to restore Lady Mercer to the good graces of society.”

“Lady Mercer? The Nude?”

Nigel clenched his teeth. “Yes, Lady Mercer. She’s suffered a great wrong and I intend to make reparations. I hope I can count on your assistance in ensuring my guests treat her with the highest degree of respect.”

“I say she’s just as guilty as your Dionysus. If she didn’t want to be sneered at like some rantipole, she should have never taken up with the artist. She’s no better than any common light skirt—”

“No!” He reached over and caught George by his coat’s collar. “She had no knowledge of the painting. She’s had no contact with Dionysus. She is an innocent in this affair.”

“Very well, Edgeware.” George’s expression darkened. “Release me before you attract the attention of every damned gentleman in the club.”

Nigel let go of George and tried to straighten his friend’s crumpled lapel. “Can I count on your support?”

“Of course you have my support. You always do. I will kiss her hand and speak pretty words to her. And I will use my influence to sway my friends to do the same.” He frowned. “But Edgeware, Lady Mercer? Are you certain of her innocence? I mean, she was married to that bastard Mercer, after all.”

Nigel shuddered at the thought. Before a few days ago he hadn’t known of the Earl of Mercer’s marriage to Elsbeth. Sure, he’d known that the dastardly earl had married. All of the beau monde pitied his poor, nearly invisible wife. But Elsbeth? She’d been married to that monster? Worse, he suspected that the marriage was, at least in some part, Dionysus’s fault.

“The lady is above reproach,” he said.

“Even so, I cannot believe your sponsorship at a house party will repair the damage done by the painting. Over half the beau monde turned up at the exhibition.”

“If one party is not enough, I will have more. I have a duty to fulfill.”

“What is this connection to Dionysus? Is he a bastard sibling?”

“You know I cannot tell you, George.”

“I don’t know anything.” The matter had grown to be a sticking point between the two men. “Pardon me, I’m going to fetch a brandy.”

Nigel returned his attentions to the paper he’d been reading. But his mind wouldn’t focus on its articles. Instead, he spent the time alone cursing himself for not trusting his closest friend with this secret and cursing Dionysus for ruining Elsbeth’s reputation.

“I’m glad to see you’ve finally decided to make a presence for yourself in Society, my boy. It took you long enough.”

Nigel glanced up from the paper. Lord Charles Purbeck’s thick lips were pursed with the same sour expression he seemed to always wear. “Good morning, Uncle. I didn’t realize you made a regular haunt of White’s. I would have suspected Brookes’s more to your political tastes.” He motioned to the empty chair beside him. “Please take a seat, sir.”

“Brookes’s. White’s. Bah! I keep membership in all the clubs, just as you should, boy. Wise men keep close tabs on both sides of the political fence.” His uncle settled in the chair and dug his hand into an interior pocket of his coat. “You cannot imagine the pleasure and surprise I felt when I received notice of your upcoming house party. I hope you have invited the right sort.” A strange gleam grew in Uncle Charles’s eyes. He pulled a slip of paper from his pocket. “It’s not too late to amend the invitation list.”

Nigel accepted the paper and unfolded it. He quickly read the names of three of the most influential families of the ton. Luckily, the families had been invited. His efforts to secure Lady Mercer’s return to society would be a waste of time without the cooperation of powerful families.

“These families boast some of the most eligible young women on the Marriage Mart. I would most assuredly approve of such a match for you, boy.”

Nigel fought an urge to bury his head in his hands. His uncle despised such behavior, deeming any show of emotion to be below their class. “I’m not yet in search of a wife. This is nothing more than a simple house party,” he said very calmly, though the panic welling deep within him was anything but calm. His uncle had played the role of matchmaker four times. Each time ending in utter disaster.

“Bah!” Uncle Charles leaned forward and thumped Nigel on the chest. “It’s past time you to beget an heir, boy. You have a duty to your title, to our family line. And don’t think I haven’t heard of your accident at the estate. You’re lucky to be alive after being thrown from a horse like that.”

“But I am alive. And I fully intend to enjoy living a bit longer before I shackle myself to some simpering milksop or fishwife.”

“Nonsense! You only need to stay with a wife long enough to get her with child. An heir and a spare. That’s all that’s required of you. Find a wife who enjoys the country and keep her at the estate while you continue to pursue your business here in London. Nothing needs to change in your life. Nothing at all. You can even keep your doxies, and after your wife has produced your brood, she can do the same.” Uncle Charles sighed and smiled. “That’s how it went between your aunt and myself.”

And look how happy their lives had been. Nigel remembered grimly a terrifying summer morning. He was probably no older than six or seven at the time. He entered the breakfast parlor just as his aunt tossed a pretty blue and white flowered butter dish at Uncle Charles. Uncle Charles had ducked and the dish had shattered against the door mere inches above Nigel’s head.

“I’ll consider the notion of marriage, Uncle.” It took much less energy to agree with the man who’d raised him than to engage in what would inevitably turn into a heated argument.

As much as his uncle resented the truth of it, Nigel’s hands were now firmly on the reins of his fortune, his title, his estate, and yes, even his life. He doubted the world had ever experienced such a battle of wills such as the one he’d waged to wrest control from his well-intentioned uncle.

Charles had made his home at Purbeck Manor shortly after the death of Nigel’s father, which bestowed the title of the sixth Marquess of Edgeware on Nigel’s head at the tender age of three. Lady Purbeck, and their infant son, Charlie, naturally accompanied him in this move.

“See that you do, boy. Life, especially yours, is too short to delay on such important matters as begetting an heir.” Charles heaved out of the chair and bustled away, leaving Nigel to wonder if his uncle knew how his recent brush with death had not been an accident.

“Gawd, Edgeware, you look as if you need this brandy more than me. Your jaw’s as long as an old nag’s.” George returned, chipper as ever. It was a wonder how George never held a grudge for long.

Nigel waved away his friend’s comment with a negligent flip of his wrist. “Just a brief encounter with my uncle, who was only too happy to provide recommendations of whom to invite to my house party.”

“Sounds like you’ll be sleeping guests in shifts at Purbeck. I don’t remember the old place having enough bedchambers to house the bulk of London.”

“It doesn’t, and I have been a trifle more exclusive than that in my invitations.” He leaned forward in his chair. George, though projecting his usual lazy demeanor, was acting anything but normal. The deep lines underscoring his eyes hinted at several nights of lost sleep. “I know what my worries are. Why do you require a brandy fortifier?”

George flustered for a moment, a most unusual behavior for the businessman. “I? Did I say something was wrong?” He swallowed nearly half his drink. “You must be mistaken.”

“Come now,” Nigel urged.

“Just a bit of trouble with the shipping business. Nothing that wouldn’t bore the ears off a true aristocrat such as yourself.” George took another sip. “By-the-bye, I want to thank you for involving my mother with this grand event of yours. She’s bubbling over with excitement, chattering on and on about how delighted she is to have been asked to play hostess at your house party.”

“I’m only too pleased she’d agreed. With a household filled with men, I required the services of a respectable matron to fill the role.” He let the matter of George’s business problems fade to the background, though he wasn’t quite ready to let the matter drop completely. If his friend needed assistance, he wanted to help.

“Let me ask you an impertinent question, Edgeware.” George’s natural smile returned. “Why a house party? A series of balls hosted by yourself and some of your most powerful friends would do just as well in repairing Lady Mercer’s good name.”

“Time,” Nigel muttered. “I’m short of it. I was at Purbeck when Lady Mercer’s disaster erupted.” He glanced around the room to make sure no one could overhear them. “No one other than my head groom knows this,” he said. “I expect you’ll be able to keep your mouth shut regarding what I am about to tell you.”

“Have you ever known my lips to run unfettered?”

“No, I haven’t. And don’t pick up the habit now. A few days ago I was riding the borders of the estate in search of fresh evidence of smuggling operations when Zeus bolted. He tossed me headlong to the ground.”

“Zounds, you’re lucky to be alive! That stallion of yours is a mammoth.”

“That’s not the half of it. I took a pretty bad crack on the head and suffer from various pains ever since.”

“Zounds,” George breathed through his teeth.

“It wasn’t Zeus’s fault. Someone placed a metal burr beneath his saddle. My weight caused him considerable pain.”

“A murder attempt? You cannot be serious.”

“Considering how I was mistaken for dead for several minutes after the accident, I have to be serious about this.” Nigel pulled a hand through his hair. “Since I can’t imagine having any enemies among the locals in the village, I’m wondering if I hadn’t stumbled into the middle of a crime ring. Smuggling is growing again in the area. You’ve been to your estate in Dorset recently. Have you heard any talk about illegal activities?”

George paled. “Gad no. If I had, I would have come straight to you. You’re the highest ranking landowner in the village, after all.”

Nigel eyed his friend carefully. There was something in the way George’s mouth twitched and in the tone of his quick answer that didn’t sit right.

“Of course you would,” he said slowly. “Why wouldn’t you?”

“There is no reason I wouldn’t, so put that out of your mind,” George said a little too vehemently. “So you’re sitting on pins, anxious to get back to your problems at Purbeck? Certainly you’re not actually considering conducting an investigation while a house party is underway in your own home?”

“That is precisely what I’m planning.”

“And you suspect an attempt against your life is connected to some errant smuggling operation?” George paled further.

“What else am I to think?”

“Then you must not return. Not with the confusion of a house party. There will be too many new faces on the estate for you to properly protect yourself. Not only the guests, but you’ll have to bring in extra servants to care for all those demanding sops residing under your roof.”

“I know, I know all that. But I can’t let this trouble with Lady Mercer simmer. I have a responsibility to take care of Dionysus’s messes. You know that.”

“No, I don’t know anything. And what good will you serve Dionysus if you are bloody well dead?”

“Don’t get flustered, George. I have a plan all worked out. But I do need help. If your business can spare you for the week, I would be delighted if you attended my party as an honored guest.”

“You can always rely on me.” George laughed then, though it lacked its usual warmth. “Another adventure, eh Edgeware? What a change this will be. I’m usually the one who’s dragging you down into stews. It’ll be a treat to be pulled up into the bright world of high society.”

“Don’t put yourself down. Your family is perfectly accepted in the ton.”

This time when George laughed, the rumbling sound was genuine. He stood and drained the last of his brandy. “I work for my fortune; you inherited yours. There’s a world of difference in that statement, Edgeware. A damned world of difference.”





Chapter Seven

A gentle breeze rustled through the crisp, brown fronds hanging limply from the ailing palms encircling Purbeck Manor in the southeastern end of Dorset. Despite the ill-chosen tree species, the manor house itself was impressive in both size and architectural style. Adorned with the local Purbeck white marble, a stone commonly found on many of the estates and homes in the region, there was nothing common about Purbeck Manor. The pale marble blocks that had been quarried from the estate grounds had been finely polished and intricately carved in the 17th century to form fanciful details such as sweeping arched lintels and spiraling columns. The work had been directed by an ancestor Nigel had always thought of as a bit mad.

Who else but a madman would have built such a sprawling manor? Fashioned to mimic a palatial Italian villa, the colossal structure held no less than ten guest apartments, a master suite, a grand ballroom, and an adjoining dining room with a table large enough to seat fifty people. Why anyone would willingly want to feed and entertain so many had been beyond Nigel’s understanding until now.

Fashionably dressed for the upcoming country affair in a long coat and tailored breeches, he stood outside the front entrance and leaned against one of the fifteen marble columns flanking the front exterior while a line of carriages rolled up the lane and past the estate’s neatly-scythed front lawn.

The first of the guests were arriving as scheduled. The plan promised to be a challenge. But Nigel felt ready. He had to be, for Elsbeth’s sake. His thoughts strayed to that steely flower. Her strength had startled him. She refused to be cowed. And her determination to expose Dionysus appeared unbendable. Yes, he’d do well to restore her reputation before she could unravel the mystery behind Dionysus.

If only he didn’t have other distractions—like an attempted murder—to deal with. He was going to need all his concentration to seduce Elsbeth in order to keep her mind off Dionysus. He was contemplating the delightful task of enticing the intriguing lady into his bed when the hair on the back of his neck rose.

He caught a glimpse of movement in the dark grove just north of the manor.

Damnation, what now? His nerves were frayed to begin with. The entire household was excited and noisy and in his way. He could hear Lady Waver, George’s mother, rushing about, giving last-minute instructions to the servants. Certainly his imagination was joining in the excitement, creating villains where none existed and seeing shadows of men in the home wood. His nerves must surely be undone.

But again, out the corner of his eye, he fancied he saw a clear outline of a man. His senses alert, Nigel gazed out into the dark grove.

An unmistakable pair of eyes flashed from within the shadows of the wood. Someone was definitely out there watching him.

“Lady Waver!” he called out. He paced the portico, eager to track the intruder. A round woman with bright eyes and flushed cheeks joined him on the front steps.

“Ah, carriages are approaching,” she said cheerfully. “The house will soon be filled with activity.”

If he went through the house and out the back way, he might be able to sneak up on whoever was hiding in the woods. Perhaps those eyes belonged to the cove who’d put that burr in Zeus’s saddle.

“My lord?” Lady Waver said, her cheerful smile fading. “Is something wrong?”

“Yes.” He started toward the front door. “Please greet the incoming guests and give them my apologies.”

Lady Waver caught his arm. “My lord!” she cried. “You don’t plan to greet them yourself? Surely your guests are expecting—”

He slipped free from her grasp and gave a brisk bow. “I trust you will manage well enough without me, madam.”

The guests would have to make do without him. He had a shadow to catch.

* * * *

Nigel returned from his search of the woods to find that the carriages had already emptied of their passengers. Other than the ripped piece of wool he’d found hanging on a tree branch, there were no other signs to suggest there had been an intruder on the property, no other evidence to prove he hadn’t imagined his being watched.

Just to be safe, he sent Guthrie, a rather burly footman, to thoroughly search the woods and report anything suspicious.

Perhaps he should also find George and—

“I will not have it!” a round tone sang out just as he entered the front hall.

Damn and blast. The guests.

Nigel forced a grin and forged forward, prepared to play the friendly host.

Lady Waver stood in the middle of the entrance hall, her face red as a cherry. “But—but Lady Dashborough, you cannot mean to leave.” She waved her stout hands in the air while blocking the path of three ladies who were trying to push their way out the front door.

Nigel drew a deep breath. He’d expected trouble, and though the prospect of confronting the formidable Lady Dashborough frayed his nerves, he was not unprepared.

“Ladies,” he said, as he strode quickly across the hall to greet the unhappy women.

Lady Dashborough was the first to turn around. “Lord Edgeware, how dare you?” She punctuated each word and then thrust her chin in the air. “We are leaving.”

“Leaving?” he echoed. He leaned against an interior column and let a crooked grin form. “Why ever for, my lady? You’ve only just arrived.” He knew the picture he created, the untamed bachelor with a gleaming smile.

Lady Dashborough, still a beautiful woman in her own right and one of the most influential gossips in the ton, stepped toward him. Her hunched shoulders relaxed a good three inches.

“There has to be a mistake,” she said, her voice softening to almost a whisper. “Your hostess has shown that Mercer creature to one of your guest rooms. We cannot be expected to consort with a woman of…of…that sort. I cannot imagine how the Baneshires manage to allow that thing to live in their home, much less allow it to act as chaperone for their daughters. I, for one, would have swiftly kicked it out and let it fend for itself in the stews where it assuredly belongs.”

Nigel gave a quick nod to Lady Dashborough’s two daughters before taking the grand lady’s hand in his. “I am sure you would have done just that. I can understand why you’d feel offended by her presence.” He led her to the far end of the hall and lowered his voice. “But then if Lady Mercer knew of the secret liaisons you and a certain married duke, a married duke who has openly sworn his devotion to his lovely wife, have been carrying on for nigh three years now, she might feel just as offended to be included on the same guest list as you.”

Lady Dashborough sucked in a great deal of air. “I have never broadcast that relationship. There is no scandal.”

“No?” he said smoothly. “No, I suppose not. At least, there won’t be one as long as a certain influential wife of a certain duke remains ignorant.”

“Are you threatening me, Edgeware?”

Nigel loathed both threats and confrontations. But since the success of the week depended on the guests actually staying for the house party, he was forced to play the clever bastard.

“Yes, my lady, I believe I am.”

George had been right. His friend had spent the previous week gathering all sorts of nasty bits of information against the invited guests from a variety of underworld sources. Nigel had protested but was now glad George hadn’t listened.

“Shall I have Lady Waver show you and your daughters to the guest chambers I’ve selected specifically for you?”

Lady Dashborough smiled through tight lips and her voice sounded strained. “Yes, my lord, that would please me.”

He gave a deep bow. “Until this evening then, my lady.”

The first crisis of many, no doubt, had been quite smoothly handled. Satisfied, he turned his mind to Elsbeth. Lady Dashborough was not the type of woman to keep her dislikes silent. If she and the Baneshire family had arrived at the estate at the same time, he could only suppose that Elsbeth was upstairs licking her wounds and planning her escape.

He stopped a footman who was descending the grand stairs. “Is Lady Mercer settled in the chamber I’ve selected for her?” he asked, thinking to invite her and her cousins into the red parlor to take an early tea. Women often required extra attention and reassurances when faced with a difficult situation. He doubted Elsbeth was any different.

“No, my lord,” the footman said.

“She is not?” Had she run off so quickly?

“Lady Mercer had asked for directions to the gardens. I showed her the way myself, my lord. And then a few minutes later, I showed Lady Olivia the same path.”

“Very good,” he said, and raced back down the stairs and out the back door into the estate’s private gardens.

The soft scent of daffodils greeted him. Beyond the yew hedges, he heard the whisper of voices and the rustle of skirts. Steeling himself for the worst—namely, a river of tears—he straightened his coat and began a brave march forward.

“Ho there!” George’s voice carried across a grassy field.

Nigel waited for George to trot across the field. “What detective work have you been pursuing today?” he asked.

“Me?” George shrugged. “Nothing, really. Just a brisk trot around the grounds.”

“Looking for evidence, perhaps?” Nigel pulled out the scrap of material he’d found in the woods and handed it to George. “Something like this?”

George studied the woolen fabric.

“I believe someone was stalking in the woods, watching me. He eluded me when I went in pursuit but not without tearing his cloak.”

“Strange,” George said, giving the cloth even more attention. “I spoke to Charlie on the wooded path between our houses a few minutes ago. He arrived this morning with three young friends. They are looking to invade your house party.”

“Charlie?” He was surprised to hear that his cousin, the younger Charles Purbeck, would leave the excitement of the London Season for what promised to be a staid country gathering.

“He’s set up at the dowager cottage.”

“Fine. I’ll send a footman to invite him and his friends to dinner. The younger women will be grateful for the company of men closer to their age.”

George frowned. “Are you not the least concerned that Charlie or one of his friends might be wearing a torn cloak?”

Nigel considered the idea and quickly dismissed it. “Charlie’s harmless.”

George frowned, not looking at all convinced.

“Granted, Charlie has an uncommon talent for mischief,” Nigel conceded. “But I assure you, he would never do anything to harm me. We were raised together. We survived his father’s rages together. We’re as close as brothers.”

“Of course you are,” George shook his head and smiled. “I’ve been working in the shipping business too long, I suppose. I no longer trust anyone.”

“I’m sure that’s not true. Anyhow, I don’t have time to worry about this now. I’m tending to a fire on our other front.” He explained the situation and was more than a little relieved when George followed him into the gardens. His friend had a certain way with women, handling the fairer sex with a rogue smile and a smooth tongue.

Without too much searching they found Elsbeth and Olivia in the folly, a sham ruin celebrating the goddess Athena. The round Greek temple sat in the midst of one of the garden’s many ponds.

“My ladies,” Nigel said, as they crossed the arched bridge and joined the women in the shelter of the marble stone structure. “Please allow me to introduce my friend and neighbor, Mr. George Waver.”

Olivia stepped forward. Her smile rivaled the sun reflecting off the pond. Elsbeth stayed behind her cousin. Her features remained as still as the stone ruin. At least her sapphire eyes, though hard and wary, were clear. No evidence to suggest she’d been weeping. Perhaps Lady Dashborough’s complaints had not reached her ears.

George greeted the women using his extraordinary charm and began to recount a silly adventure Nigel and George had shared as lads. “We were convinced the head gardener was a French spy and had set out to uncover the truth,” he said and then launched into his tale with vivid descriptions.

George’s presence seemed to put the young Lady Olivia immediately at ease. Elsbeth was more reserved in her reaction. Her wary gaze, Nigel noticed, kept straying away from George and in his direction. Nigel crossed his arms in front of him, hoping to strike a languid pose.

What was she thinking? What did she find so unpleasant about him that she would have to regard him so?

George must have noticed Elsbeth’s odd behavior for he stopped mid-story. “Lady Olivia, would you care to stroll the bulb garden with me? The flowers are near their peak, and the light is perfect for viewing.”

Olivia quickly agreed and latched onto George’s proffered arm. “I will see you at dinner, my lady,” George said, giving a departing bow to Elsbeth, who had stepped forward to join in the stroll. “And do not worry after your young cousin. I will have her back to the house in a trice.”

“Very well,” Elsbeth said with a sigh. “I will be waiting for you in our apartment, Olivia.” Her gaze stayed fixed upon the departing couple until they disappeared around the corner of the path. She then turned to Nigel.

“Why do you stare at me so?” she asked in a harsh whisper.

“I don’t understand.” He was quite taken aback at the charge. He took a step toward her. “It was you who was staring at me. Not that I mind the attention, mind you. At least you are finally taking notice of me.”

“Absurd. Simply, absurd,” she said, as she backed away from him until she’d pressed herself up against one of the far columns.

Her behavior confounded him. “Is it so terribly frightening to find yourself alone with me?” He braved a second step forward. Pursuit of a woman was foreign to him. He was much more used to the role of hapless prey than aggressive predator. And aggressive predator was unquestionably the role he filled now. He purposefully stood between Elsbeth and her escape, making damned sure there was no danger of her fleeing. There could be no seduction if she refused to remain in his presence for more than a moment or two.

“I am not afraid,” she whispered. Her lips quivered ever so slightly as she pressed herself more firmly against the far stone column.

“You believe I will attack you?” Certainly she didn’t think he’d—

“A-attack me?” she breathed.

Ah, she did.

Her gaze shifted toward the bridge, the only way out of the ruin, and back to where he stood blocking the way.

“I promise that you are safe with me,” he said as he stepped to one side, careful to keep his distance while opening up her escape route. “I spoke with Lady Dashborough. Lady Waver mentioned that she arrived the same time as you. I hope she—”

“Did she leave?” Elsbeth asked before he could explain. “She told me she planned to leave.”

“I’m sure Lady Dashborough told you a good many things she now regrets.” He couldn’t help but chuckle as he remembered how easily the good Lady Dashborough came into line. “She would not dream of leaving my house party.”

The news didn’t seem to cheer Elsbeth in the least. “This bodes to be a very long week.”

“And pleasant, I hope. I am pleased you decided to attend.”

“You gave me no choice! You conspired to set my own family against me!”

Despite her fierce scowl he couldn’t help but take heart from her sparking anger. Where she was standing, at the far end of the ruin, the sunlight streamed in and bathed her in the most ethereal light. She could have been the warrior, Athena, returned to earth as lithe as a deer and as strong as a lioness.

A sudden surge of lust nearly stole Nigel’s breath. He wanted this goddess to come to life, this picture of perfection, but he had no idea how to win her. The goddess standing in his garden was as real as the water in the ponds. She would be staying in his home and sleeping in one of his beds. The thought was staggering.

“You’re doing it again,” she said.

“Doing what?”

“Staring at me like that.” She clutched the locket at her throat. “Like you’re hungry. It makes me uneasy.”

Well hell, that was the last thing he wanted to do. “I only wished to speak with you. I was curious to know how you fared after your encounter with Lady Dashborough.” His voice was purposefully neutral, though he felt anything but neutral toward her and the whole bloody situation.

“I’m fine. Lady Olivia has convinced me that my uncle would be most upset if I showed up at their London town house a few days after leaving.”

“That is a—what did you say? Baneshire is in London?” Her uncle, a very well respected member of the ton, was to play a large role in the reformation of Elsbeth’s good name.

“He sends his regrets. He had every intention of attending. But at the last minute found it impossible to leave Lady Baneshire alone. She’s been gravely ill for some time now, you must know. He insisted we come, though. He sent an army of footmen with us to guard the carriage.”

The unplanned change of topic worked well to smooth the worry lines from Elsbeth’s brow. Her tone strengthened and turned quite clipped and frosty. If only the change in topic would do the same for Nigel, and his lust for her could be so easily forgotten.

“Lord Baneshire will be missed.” He took a step toward her. He caught a whiff of her perfume, a sweet orange scent in the cool breeze.

“Stroll with me in the gardens,” he said, and instantly cursed himself for sounded imperious. He had rather hoped his invitation would have sounded as accommodating as George’s had when he invited Olivia to accompany him through the gardens.

“I should return to the guest chamber, my lord. I am still in my carriage dress.”

True, she was dressed in a heavy dark blue gown, suitable for traveling. There was a smudge of dust on her cheek, a tiny matching hat sat askew on the top of her head, and a few pins were coming loose, letting the random blond strands of hair escape from the tight styling.

“Very well,” he said, but he was not ready to leave her company. He tilted his head and smiled at her. “Perhaps you can do one thing for me before you take your leave?”

Her gloved hand shot out. “You wish to touch my hand again, I suppose.” Sapphire blue eyes smoldered from behind her steady lashes.

“Please, Elsbeth,” he said. He drew off his hat and tossed it aside so he could drag his hand through his hair. This was going to be a very long week indeed. “You have no need to feel a duty to placate me. And I promise you there is no reason to fear me. The only two things I will insist upon is that you accept my assistance in restoring your reputation, and that you do not attempt to uncover Dionysus’s identity.”

She closed her palm and lowered her hand. For a moment her brows furrowed. “I don’t know…”

What she didn’t know, Nigel wasn’t sure. “I had hoped, though, to persuade you to agree to a chaste kiss.” Of course he had pictured the kiss blooming into something daringly passionate.

She appeared scandalized by his admission. “I would not enjoy it.”

“A challenge, then?” He stepped away from her. She looked ready to dive over the railing and into the pond to escape his wicked presence. “Now you will certainly have to agree to permit me to brush my lips with yours. For if you don’t, I will forever believe you find me lacking.”

With a look of outrage, Elsbeth charged toward the bridge. Nigel’s heart dropped as he watched her rush past him. Skirts raised, she made haste over the wooden planks and down several feet of the garden trail.

And then, much to Nigel’s astonishment, she stopped.

“How chaste a kiss?” she inquired over her shoulder.

“Our lips would touch.”

She took several more steps down the path before stopping again. “For how long?”

“For as long as you desire.”

She stayed frozen in the middle of the path with her back to him for several moments. Nigel was wise enough not to pursue her. Instead he held his breath while she considered the request, convinced she’d refuse. But like a skittish wren lured to a bowl of seeds, she slowly turned around.

“I will not enjoy it,” she said, but closed her eyes and puckered her lips.

As light as the spring breeze in the air, Nigel made a jaunty trail to her. Elsbeth stood stiff with her eyes tightly sealed. He didn’t dare wrap his arms around her for fear she might bolt again. So he leaned in close until his lips were a whisper from hers. “I will kiss you now,” he said softly.

He brushed his lips against her mouth. She stood unmoving, unresponsive. And yet, his desire grew. He flicked his tongue over her puckered lips hoping to soften them, praying he could draw her out.

She gasped, perhaps to protest. No matter, he took advantage of the opening and suckled her lower lip.

Instead of pulling away, she leaned in closer, her mouth drinking in the attention as if starving. She pressed a hand against his chest and returned his kiss passion for passion.

Nigel groaned.

Suddenly, she pulled back. “That is not the kind of kiss we had agreed to.” Her whole face was flushed, her breathing hitched.

“Did you not enjoy it?” he asked, knowing full well that he was the very devil for teasing her.

“Certainly not!” She turned on her heels and held out her arm. “I would thank you to escort me back to the house now.”

He gratefully placed his forearm under hers. At least she’d not run away. She was a proud woman and strong. He could admire that. “I must practice then, my lady. For a kiss should be most enjoyable for both parties. Perhaps you will give me pointers?” he said seriously, though a smile played upon his lips. He guided her back to the house while she remained silent.

“Your lips are most exquisite,” he said just before leaving her at the base of the grand staircase, knowing it would scandalize her. “I won’t be able to think of anything other than your sweet taste upon my mouth for the rest of the day.”





Chapter Eight

Elsbeth stood off to one side of the drawing room door and watched the ladies taking afternoon tea with the gentlemen gathered within. Everyone appeared so at ease. They visited and laughed freely with each other.

Her heart shuddered.

She’d never experienced such familiarity with her husband and his friends. Men, loud and often brash, simply could not be trusted. They needed to be watched as carefully as one would watch a thief around the household’s best silver.

She felt much more comfortable around the servants. That was where she had spent the afternoon, questioning the servants about Dionysus. Though they had expressed honest concern, every single one she’d questioned was either too loyal to the Marquess, or they truly didn’t know Dionysus’s secret identity.

She tended to think that it was the latter, that the servants simply did not know. The secret was that deep.

“Dreadful, isn’t it?” a voice whispered in her ear, startling the wits out of her. She nearly jumped to the ceiling before she whirled around with such speed that her feet jumbled beneath her, tossing her directly into his chest.

His chest.

She felt his muscles ripple from beneath the layers of his clothing. Or was that just her overactive imagination at work? And that kiss in the garden. She couldn’t seem to keep from thinking about it. Or wondering if there would be a second one. Those unruly thoughts frightened and excited her all at once. She shouldn’t be having such thoughts about a man, especially not about a man who could turn her legs to jelly with the twitch of his lips.

Edgeware smiled down on her as he very gently set her back on her feet. “I didn’t mean to frighten you,” he said softly.

Her face heated from embarrassment…and from that other emotion she was unwilling to acknowledge. She was forever making herself look the fool around him.

She quickly gathered her composure and turned a hard glare toward the devilishly handsome lord.

“What do you mean by saying I am dreadful?” she asked.

“Not you, dove.” His gaze flicked toward the drawing room. “Them. I despise such gatherings. One feels obligated to be in a perpetually cheerful mood and such obligations tend to irritate my nerves by half.”

He looked so miserable, so utterly put out, she couldn’t help but smile. Surely he was jesting. A man of his position and wealth must thrive on social gatherings.

“We must go in, you know,” he said. “My fortifiers—brandy, sherry, and port—are all on that sideboard…” He sighed. “On the far side of the drawing room.”

“Poor man.” His behavior was so unlike her late husband’s. Lord Mercer would have never bemoaned the location of his brandy. Instead he’d have plowed into the room, poured a snifter full, and ignored the guests if that was what he chose to do.

“I have a duty to my guests,” Edgeware said and heaved another deep sigh. “Perhaps if you stay close to me, we’ll both survive the ordeal.”

He wasn’t jesting. He was actually dreading this evening more than she. And he was looking to her to be his strength.

Amazing.

“If you smile like that all evening, I won’t notice anyone in the room but you,” he said. A wolfish gleam appeared in his black gaze. His eyes shimmered with a brooding hunger, the same erotic and almost tempting hunger he’d used against her defenses that afternoon in the garden. And just like in the garden, she couldn’t run away. Not from him…or herself.

“Thank you, my lord. But I have no need of support. I am perfectly capable of enjoying an evening with my peers.” This time when she turned, she did so with careful precision. Head held high, she marched into the drawing room. Alone. The laughter and giddy chatter abruptly came to a halt. All eyes turned to her.

She did need his support, damn his teasing ways.

She didn’t want to face his guests alone. She didn’t want to face them at all. They knew. Because of that horrid painting, they now knew. She could read it in their disapproving gazes. They knew she’d been unfaithful to her husband, the royal hero who’d bravely given his life in battle. Though she hadn’t taken comfort in another man’s arms in his absence—as some now believed—she had broken her marriage vows.

She’d denied the truth to her uncle. Denied it to herself, too. She hadn’t been a faithful wife. She’d withheld herself from him in the worst possible ways. A wife was bound by duty to love and honor her husband, no matter the hardships. And she’d done neither. The day word of his death reached her ears, she’d breathed a sigh of relief for being released from him, a man she despised.

Somehow Dionysus had seen through her stiff upper lip and silent nods. Somehow he knew of the dishonor lurking in her heart and was determined to reveal her secret to the world.

She had to stop him before he dealt another blow to her and her family’s reputation. There were too many secrets hidden beneath the pain. Society would forever shun her if they ever learned the full truth of her marriage.

With a brave smile that was anything but real, she stepped toward her cousins, who were, unfortunately, sitting on a sofa next to Lady Dashborough’s two daughters. Just as she was about to politely greet the lovely quartette of ladies, her gaze landed on a large painting hanging above her cousins’ heads.

And she froze.

Varying shades of purples and crimson had been blended to create a stunning sunset. The paint nearly glowed. The artist’s short bush strokes and heavy use of paint struck Elsbeth immediately.

Dionysus had painted the scene.

Even here, far away from the frivolities of London, he plagued her, underscoring the urgency of her task. Naturally, she’d expected it to be the case since Edgeware had baldly admitted to being Dionysus’s keeper. But even so, her heart wasn’t prepared to soak in the heartrending landscape.

A man, alone, with only his back visible stood on a rocky outcropping, a cape fluttering in the harsh wind. Other than the rocks and the vast expanse of the sunset, the landscape was barren. Utterly barren.

The raw despair bared in that scene threatened to rip open her heart. How could this be the same artist who wished to ruin her? How could he display such depths of feeling while being cold enough to seek to destroy her bruised and broken heart?

“Elly,” Olivia said loudly, saving Elsbeth from being completely absorbed into Dionysus’s painting. “I was afraid that you were determined to hide upstairs for the entire week.”

The younger of Lady Dashborough’s two daughters, a creamy-skinned beauty with soft auburn hair, sniffed haughtily. “One could only have hoped.”

“That new gown looks lovely on you, Elsbeth,” Lauretta said on the heels of the snide comment.

“Yes,” Lady Dashborough’s elder daughter said. “The silver threads are simply stunning.”

Elsbeth held her breath, waiting for the young woman to follow up the compliment with a snide remark of her own. The woman merely batted her pretty long eyelashes and stared up at Elsbeth with a look akin to reverence.

“Thank you,” Elsbeth said finally. Shock kept her from saying anything more.

Besides, her attention was drawn back to the painting. It was a self-portrait of course, a man utterly alone in a harsh environment. His shoulders sagged, drawn down with exhaustion from bearing too great a weight for far too long. She recognized his anguish, knew such pain only too well. Here, in the middle of this drawing room, she felt just as alone.

“Lady Sara, Lady Constance, please permit me to introduce my cousin.” Olivia jumped up from the sofa and pulled her arm around Elsbeth.

“There is no need,” the younger of the daughters said. She rose from the sofa and walked away.

“I am Sara,” the elder Dashborough said. “Please forgive my sister. She is…insecure.” Sara edged closer to Elsbeth. “But I am fascinated by you. I would dearly enjoy talking to you sometime this week.”

“I would be only too happy to—”

“Please excuse me, ladies.” Lord Edgeware appeared at Elsbeth’s side and deftly captured her arm. “Allow me to introduce Lady Mercer to the other guests before the three of you monopolize all her attentions.” He gave the women such a charming, dimpled smile it would have been impossible to object.

“A pretty splattering of colors, do you not agree?” he said, not sparing even a passing glance toward the painting she could not seem to ignore. The dark lord stood too close to her. His spicy masculine scent left her breathless, her mind muddled. “I thought it matched the décor of this room.”

Pretty? She shivered and forced herself to turn away from the haunting image. He couldn’t even begin to understand how Dionysus’s lonely images could sting her heart.

Just standing next to Edgeware and looking at the “splattering of colors” made her miss the soft emotions she’d long ago abandoned. Gracious, she needed to regain control. Allowing her foolish heart such freedom would prove dangerous.

It always did.

“Don’t run from me again,” Edgeware whispered as they strolled across the room, his voice an intimate caress on her ear, making it all the more difficult to steel her nerves against the softening of her resolve.

“Forgive me, my lord,” she said, her voice as sharp as a fishwife’s.

“Just don’t do it again,” he replied smoothly. “I would hate to wrack my brain once more in order to come up with a fresh excuse to lure you back to my side.”

She bit her tongue, stopping herself before she told him that spending the evening in his company was one of the very last things she wished to do. A lie, if there was ever one, too. Perversely, like Dionysus’s paintings, Edgeware fascinated her.

So, with a smile forming on her lips, she allowed herself to be introduced to the crowded room. Every now and again she caught her gaze straying back to Dionysus’s painting and would have to forcibly return her wandering attentions to the guests being introduced.

Not all present that evening were staying at the house. Some were Edgeware’s neighbors. And not all of the faces were unfamiliar to her. Lord Ames had the decency to blush as he rubbed his cheek in memory of the slap she had given him the day of the exhibition.

The famous “Beau” Brummel, the arbiter of taste and refinement, bowed over her hand and complimented her silver sheath of a gown. Stunned by his acceptance, she just barely murmured her gratitude. Mr. Brummel and Edgeware paid her no heed as they talked amicably about courtly affairs.

Lady Cowper, one of the patronesses of Almack’s and a powerful figure in her own right, greeted Elsbeth with cool civility before turning her charm toward Edgeware. “I have pulled myself away from London during the height of the Season with the sole purpose to recruit you into our ranks, Edgeware. Whenever will you join Almack’s?” She swatted him with her fan. “There are so few eligible, handsome faces attending lately.”

Lady Cowper’s husband, the Fifth Earl of Cowper, was on the other side of the room, talking politics with several of Edgeware’s neighbors.

Much to Elsbeth’s surprise, other than Lady Dashborough’s youngest daughter, no one insulted her or tried to spurn her company. Even Lady Dashborough apologized for her earlier behavior. Apparently the Marquess’s social influence hadn’t been overstated.

After the introductions, she wasn’t given the chance to return to her cousins or to disappear into a corner where she could ponder her unsettling reaction to either Dionysus’s painting or the way the dark lord made her heart race. Instead, she was persuaded, rather doggedly, to partner Edgeware in a game of Whist, a game she was, luckily, able to play with a great deal of skill and confidence. After a while, she found that the evening promised to be a bit better than the utter disaster she’d initially imagined. And much to her surprise, many of her giggles were even genuine.

* * * *

Did she realize the effect she had on men when she let her eyes sparkle so?

Nigel supposed not, since no accompanying coy smile tugged on her artfully shaped lips. Nor did she sneak glances with the other men at the table to read their reactions. Her behavior was as straightforward and honest as a sunrise. The only fleeting glances she’d sneak were toward that damned painting on the wall.

He cursed his decision to hang that dratted painting in his drawing room. She was clearly repulsed—frightened even—by it, though her gaze seemed drawn to it.

George and Severin, the whist team Nigel and Elsbeth were pitting their wits against, were playing a sharp hand while talking incessantly about the most nonsensical topics. Elsbeth laughed prettily at a jest George made before laying down the queen of hearts—exactly the card Nigel had been waiting for.

“I’m tempted to smuggle you into the worst of London’s gaming rooms,” he leaned forward and said as he played his turn, winning the fifth consecutive game point. “I’d say your skills would win me a fortune several times over.”

“Then you simply must let me have her,” Severin said. “I could make better use of the lady’s skills than you ever could, Edgeware.”

Severin made the comment in such a lilting manner that no one would have taken him seriously. They were joking, having a bit of fun with the compliments. From the way the color drained from Elsbeth’s face, one would have thought they’d been contemplating selling her into slavery.

“I say,” Severin said, mirroring her distress. “’Tis a little jest, that’s all. Truly, nothing to get the vapors over.”

Elsbeth murmured something unintelligible. Since it was her turn again, she drew a card from her stack and dropped it on the pile without even looking at it. Her play stunned Nigel. The card she’d tossed down hadn’t followed the suit of the trick being played nor did it trump the highest card on the table. In fact, she’d revoked. A move only a novice player would make. According to the rules, they’d be penalized three points. Not that he cared about the points. It was her reaction that had him worried.

He tried to get her attention, to ask her what was wrong, but she refused to look up from the tabletop.

“Lady Mercer?” he asked softly. “Are you unwell?”

She blinked up at him for a silent moment before flicking a glance toward the drawing room door. At least she wasn’t sneaking another look at that accursed painting. Her slender hand reached up and clutched the locket hanging around her neck. The color in her cheeks faded further and her lips tightened when her gaze returned again to the drawing room door.

Something was terribly wrong.

Nigel rose as he followed her gaze. Charlie, followed by three of his friends, was strolling into the room like a group of well-groomed roosters.

“Nigel!” his cousin called out. “Surprise!”

* * * *

Devils and demons, Elsbeth cursed. She should have suspected a handsome demon like Lord Edgeware would be mixed up with a devil like Charlie.

“Lady Mercer.” Edgeware had somehow slipped from his chair and made his way to her side without her notice. He placed a steadying hand around her arm and urged her to her feet. “Lady Mercer, allow me to present my cousin, Mr. Charles Purbeck.”

She stared into Charlie’s dead eyes. A chill direct from hell sailed through her. Charlie and her husband had been two parts of a very close trio. The third, a Captain Pime, was still on the continent with the British army. When the three men had stayed at the estate, she’d felt as if she was their main prey. And it was Charlie, always Charlie, who’d mercilessly tease her husband about his lack of heirs. It was a topic that was a source of endless tension in their marriage, made worse by Charlie. While the men would drink in the parlor after supper, Charlie would whisper in her husband’s ear. She never knew exactly what he was saying to Hubert. But the result was always the same. Her husband’s face would turn a ruddy red and his eyes would harden every time he’d glance in her direction. And then, later—

Charlie took her hand with brash familiarity, caressing her fingertips before lifting her hand to his lips for a tender kiss.

“Elly,” he said. The nickname grated her nerves, and he knew it. He also knew how improper it was for him to be addressing her so intimately. “Elly, my dear, it is ever so good to see you again.”

He paused and licked his lips. “With the rumors of your indiscretion flying, I’d been worried about you. I’m glad to see you have found safety under my cousin’s…um…protection. I look forward to renewing our acquaintance this week.” His gaze held a wealth of promises that churned her stomach. Before she could tell him that she wanted to do nothing of the sort, he turned his back and greeted Lord Ames.

“Severin,” he said, and gave Ames a good pound on the arm. “Good to see you, man. We’ve missed you in our group. What with the war and all, our numbers have been dwindling. We need you back at our tables to help fill in the void, and our pockets.”

Charlie’s friends all laughed at the joke.

Edgeware frowned. “Now Charlie—”

“Don’t get your indignation all twisted about, cousin. Severin knows I’m just having a bit of fun.”

At his expense, Elsbeth thought, remembering only too well the times she’d been the target of Charlie’s inappropriate humor…and worse, much worse once her husband and his friends had gotten deep into their cups. She moved to escape the drawing room and bumped into Edgeware’s chest.

He wrapped a comforting arm around her waist. “Easy,” he whispered. “There is nothing to fear here.”

She longed to believe him. But with Charlie in the room, she had reason enough to doubt her safety.

“Donald?”

Elsbeth glanced up at the sound of Lauretta’s voice. Sure enough, the fickle-hearted Sir Donald Gilforth stood beside Charlie, his fingers playing with a large crested fob hanging from his waistcoat pocket. How could she have missed him before? She was becoming careless, and with so many gentlemen about, that could prove dangerous.

Sir Donald stared blankly ahead as Lauretta rushed up to greet him. Elsbeth’s heart stopped. She pulled away from Edgeware just as Lauretta, with eyes bright and a pretty smile pursed on her satiny lips, stepped happily into what promised to be a crushing scene.

“Lord Edgeware,” Lady Waver bustled up and latched onto the Marquess’s arm. “Dinner is ready to be served.”

“Splendid,” said Charlie while capturing Elsbeth’s hand. “Please allow me to escort you to the dining room, Elly.” She had no time to refuse him. Not when there was a more pressing matter worrying her.

Lauretta’s fragile heart.

“Donald, it is wonderful to see you,” Lauretta was saying, her pink cheeks glowing.

“Yes,” Sir Donald said vaguely, no longer looking in Lauretta’s direction but at someone beyond her shoulder. “Excuse me, my lady.” He brushed past Lauretta and made a beeline to Lady Dashborough’s youngest daughter, the lovely Lady Constance.

“Oh dear,” Elsbeth muttered, and tried to hurry over to comfort her cousin. But Charlie held her back, squeezing her hand so hard she feared her bones might snap.

“Come along, Elly. Dawdling is so very unbecoming.” For a moment he sounded exactly like her dead husband, and she suddenly felt as helpless as a rag doll, unable to do anything other than obey. She might have let Charlie lead her away from her cousin and into the dining room if Edgeware hadn’t stepped into their path.

Anger smoldered deep within the brooding dark lord’s eyes. With a smooth motion, he freed her hand from Charlie’s crushing grip. “George has already claimed the right to escort Lady Mercer this evening,” he said.

George had done nothing of the sort.

But no matter, she was grateful for the lie.

George gave a little start, shook his head, and stepped forward. “Of course, I don’t know where my mind is.”

“I would have escorted you myself,” Edgeware quickly explained. “But Lady Waver would never forgive me if I were to ignore the convention of personally escorting the highest ranking lady into the dining room. I am the host, after all, and Lady Waver has graciously agreed to play hostess since this household has been woefully without one for over a decade. I will not upset her.”

“I wouldn’t expect you to,” Elsbeth said, perplexed.

“And Mr. Waver will be crushed if a lady were to turn him away at the last moment.” Edgeware spoke so gently, so calmly. His voice soothed her raw nerves, and she was so very glad to accept his friend’s proffered arm.

Oh dear. Once free from Charlie, her concerns returned to Lauretta. The girl stood in the middle of the room, alone as a lost lamb. Tears were just starting to well up in her eyes as she stared, disbelieving, after her beloved Donald.

Olivia, Elsbeth saw, would be no help. She had attached herself to the illustrious “Beau” Brummel, certainly a coup of enormous proportions.

Elsbeth squeezed her eyes shut. She needed to take care of her cousin. As chaperone, Lauretta’s welfare was her duty and no one else’s.

“Mr. Waver,” she said and swallowed deeply. There was no hope for it. She’d have to feed herself to the lion in order to keep Lauretta from being stranded and brokenhearted in the middle of the drawing room. “I hope you’ll forgive me for crushing your spirit,” she said, “but, you see—” she cleared her throat “—I did not realize Charlie would be here. And since he was a dear friend of my late husband’s, I feel compelled to accept his company.” That didn’t quite come out as graciously as she’d intended. “Lady Lauretta is without a companion, sir.”

George followed her pleading glance and nodded, understanding her purpose. “Yes, of course. I see Lady Lauretta is waiting for me.”

Edgeware, unfortunately, didn’t seem to follow the byplay occurring between Lauretta and Donald or notice the young lady’s budding tears. His brows darkened as he stared daggers at Elsbeth. “Forgive me for presuming, Lady Mercer,” he said tightly and stormed over to where Lady Waver was waiting.

Halfway through the meal, food Elsbeth scarcely touched, Charlie leaned over and spoke in a low voice just loud enough for her ears. “I don’t know how you tricked your way into this house party. I’m truly surprised to find you under my cousin’s roof. I’d have thought that glorious nude painting would have transformed you into a social pariah.” He took a bite of the roast pheasant on his plate. “No matter, Elly. I don’t even care that you’ve attracted my cousin’s attentions. You’re still the most beautiful woman in all of England.”

He chewed and swallowed. “And I would dearly like to renew our acquaintance and take it to a deeper, more intimate level. Before this house party is over, Elly, I will have you in my bed.”





Chapter Nine

No! She had told him emphatically, no! And he’d laughed.

That night, Elsbeth tossed in her bed, unable to sleep. Charlie had made himself only too clear. He wanted her. He’d tried time and again to convince her husband to share her. For the most part, Hubert had resisted. And she had always resisted. She wanted nothing to do with Charlie. Ever.

She stared into the darkness while listening to the light snores of her two cousins in the adjoining room, and worried.

Though Charlie had been one of her husband’s closest friends, almost always accompanying Hubert when he’d return from London after the Season, he certainly wasn’t her friend. Charlie used to sip his brandy and smile as he watched Hubert take his angers and frustrations out on her. It was as if he enjoyed seeing her cower, as if he enjoyed seeing her humiliated and suffering.

Elsbeth winced as the dark memories swirled through her head. They pricked like tiny infected wounds. She fought to push them away, crying softly into her pillow.

Charlie was back in her life, again. Why? What could he possibly gain from tormenting her?

With nothing at all resolved and an ocean of unease thrashing through her body, she finally slipped into a troubled slumber just as dawn sparked on the horizon. Morning sunlight streamed down tinting a wide field of wildflowers an eerie purple shade. She rubbed her eyes, wondering just how she came to be in this place. And still dressed in her nightrail.

She couldn’t remember leaving her bed. She turned around, searching for Purbeck Manor or, for that matter, any sign of civilization. The field of wildflowers stretched out for as far as she could see.

“Elsbeth,” a voice called out to her.

“I am here!” she called back, feeling a trifle unsettled since she had no idea where “here” was.

A warm hand closed around hers. “I’ve been dying, waiting for you.” The soft voice caressed the back of her neck.

Dionysus? Her heart tripped at the thought of meeting him at long last. He would explain himself, would explain how he loved her and had never meant to cause her pain. She simply knew he would.

Spinning around, anxious to meet the only man she had ever let into her heart, she stepped into Lord Edgeware’s embrace. His dark, brooding gaze sought hers as he dragged a finger seductively across her lower lip.

A deep longing—one that surely matched the hunger in the dark lord’s eyes—contracted in her chest.

“You?” she whispered.

He kissed her then, his lips brushing lightly over hers, demanding nothing.

She breathed in his scent, an unforgettable mix of almonds and sage. Embracing it, she pressed her face into his chest.

“Trust your broken heart, little dove.”

His hands traveled down the length of her body, tracing the gentle curve of her hips. This was what she wanted. What she longed for. She was comfortable with him, here, among Dionysus’s wildflowers…until a sharp cackle of laughter broke the spell.

She peered over Edgeware’s shoulder to see Charlie leaning back, laughing his pretty blond-haired head off.

“You can’t have him, Elly.” Charlie raised the pistol clutched in his hand. “No one can.”

The pistol popped.

Elsbeth bolted upright in bed. Sucking in air, barely able to catch her own breath, she peered around the darkened room. Olivia and Lauretta were both still in the other room sleeping soundly.

Good gracious, Elsbeth thought, whatever could that dream mean? Had she really imaged herself losing herself so completely within Lord Edgeware’s arms? Never had her nerves been so overset to produce such a dream. Never had she felt so…

How did she feel?

Her jangling nerves and leaping pulse made her think of fear. But no, fear had never warmed her like an oven. Fear was a cold emotion with the power to freeze her from the inside out until she was sure death would come. Whatever she was feeling wasn’t fear.

She tossed aside the heavy blankets and swung her feet to the floor. The first light of dawn was streaming across the horizon. There was no possible way she would be sinking back to sleep any time soon, so she might as well start the day. Better be up and moving than worrying over an emotion she had no time to be feeling. She had things to do, and a long morning walk was just what she needed to clear her head. She needed to plan.

And Dionysus needed to be found.

Curse him! Curse his heartrending paintings!

They’d made her feel as hot as an oven…once…a long, long time ago.

* * * *

Nigel stood on a rise of the Purbeck Cliff that wasn’t more than several hundred yards from his estate’s manor house. He gazed out over the ocean. It was early. The morning light was still dim and lightly dusted with fog. Reds and pinks streaked across the sky, as the first signs of dawn broke through the darkness overhead.

His thoughts weren’t on the brilliant brushstrokes of colors, or on the way the waves crashed on the beach below him. There was no room in his head for such thoughts when it was tightly latched to figuring out how to seduce Elsbeth.

She was so unlike the beautiful woman portrayed in Dionysus’s painting. There was a stubbornness, a fire in her, that he ached to understand. What in blazes made her so different from every eligible miss in England? Why had she spurned his attentions last night and yet accepted Charlie’s? But even with Charlie, she’d shied away from even the most innocent of touches. Her behavior reminded him of his stallion. Zeus had been like that once, wincing away from the slightest touch as if expecting a blow. She acted as if she were protecting herself from the abuse she feared she might suffer at the whim of any man.

His insides churned at the thought. No, he had to be mistaken. She was overly proud. Pride did terrible things to one’s behavior. He’d witnessed the truth of that firsthand.

It had to be pride, not abuse.

Still, he shivered.

“I was hoping you would wander this way,” Nigel said, when he heard the crunch of leaves scattered in the field behind him.

“You were?” George asked as he strode up from behind. He sounded surprised.

“I saw you crossing the lawn earlier. I suppose you were on the lookout for intruders?”

George’s gaze tripped nervously across the landscape. “Yes, yes, I was searching.”

“And?”

George shook his head. “And nothing. All has been quiet.”

“I don’t believe so. Follow me.” Nigel led George down a narrow, hazardous trail that brought them down to the beach far below the cliff’s ledge. They stood side-by-side in the sand for a moment before Nigel kicked a charred log, stirring the ashes of a recently doused fire. “I’d say whoever used my beach last night unloaded a ship’s cargo.”

“Cargo, Edgeware? You don’t actually believe smugglers came onto your property, do you?” There was a shiver in George’s voice. “To flaunt such a crime beneath your nose would be beyond bold.”

“True. But take a look at these footprints and where they’re leading.”

Rumors of smugglers were common in the region. Many families bolstered their incomes on the illegal trade. Even so, Nigel was outraged that someone in the village might commit such a crime on his property.

“Damn it. I had several footmen on watch last night. Why didn’t they see a blasted thing?”

“There was no moon, Edgeware. And with a fog rolling in, we have no way of knowing what happened on the beach last night. Smuggling is only one explanation, and not even the most likely. I’d rather guess that a band of gypsies was passing through.”

“I pray that is the answer,” he said, unconvinced. He scanned the white cliffs searching for more clues. After the weather cleared, he’d send men to scour the area. The chalky cliffs were peppered with caves, both natural and from the quarrying of the purbeck marble. Those caves would serve as excellent hiding places and storage areas.

In the distance, he spotted a shadow moving along the cliff’s ridge. He cupped his hands over his brow and watched the figure crouch down out of view.

“I say, what’s that about?” George asked. But George was pointing toward the trail, not the top of the cliff.

Nigel followed his friend’s extended arm.

“It couldn’t be—” But it was.

“What in blazes is she doing?” George asked. He must have recognized her too.

Elsbeth was waving her arms and running down the hazardous trail to the beach much too fast. If she tripped she’d fall to her death. Rocks skittered off the steep edge as she lost her footing and slid several feet before catching herself. Nigel’s heart stilled in his chest as he breathlessly watched.

He was too far away and unable to do anything but watch.

“Look out!” her voice carried over the roar of the waves.

Look out? He was about to shout those same words to her.

She stumbled again. Her arms flailed as she slid over more rocks. The dark cape she wore flapped in the foggy ocean breeze.

This time both Nigel and George charged forward. She was halfway down the trail, and there was no way either man could hope to get close enough in time to catch her if she were to fall, but that didn’t seem to matter. They had to do something. Running toward her, Nigel sprinted ahead of George.

Before either of them could reach her, the sand beneath their feet jumped and the air exploded with a loud crash from behind that whomped the breath from Nigel’s lungs.

Sand and rock shards rained down the side of the cliff. He raised his arms over his head to protect himself from the falling rocks. He turned back toward the place on the beach where he had come from.

He was shocked at what he saw. A three-foot tall boulder that hadn’t been on the beach a moment before sat half-buried in the sand. Nigel and George had been standing in that very spot a few moments earlier. If Elsbeth’s reckless charge down to the beach hadn’t compelled the two men to rush toward her, one or both of them would have been crushed. Nigel turned back toward the trail. He froze where he stood, stunned.

Elsbeth, still running toward them, stumbled into his outstretched arms.

“Are you injured?” she asked, out of breath. She ran her hands up and down his chest and arms as if searching for injuries.

“Am I?” He stood utterly still while she continued to caress his chest, his arms, his legs. The front of her body was pressed against him. She didn’t seem to notice. A wicked smile captured his lips. She could touch him however she wished. He wouldn’t complain. “I should ask you the very same question. Are you injured, my dove?”

“Of course she isn’t injured and neither are we,” George said irritably.

Nigel mentally shook himself. He took Elsbeth’s hands in his own and stepped a proper distance away.

“What were you thinking blazing down the trail like that? You’re lucky you didn’t break that lovely neck of yours,” he scolded.

Elsbeth straightened her shoulders. He watched as her soft, vulnerable expression hardened into that damnable stiff shell he was beginning to know too well. She drew back, breaking away from his touch.

“A boulder crashed down onto the beach, my lord. Or perhaps you didn’t notice. The wretched thing nearly smashed you and Mr. Waver into the ground.”

“You were trying to warn us?” Nigel gazed up at the spot high on the cliff where the boulder must have sat just moments before. It was very near the spot where he’d seen a shadowy figure moving around.

“I saw the boulder rocking. And then I spotted the two of you. I thought you might be in danger.” She drew a sharp breath, her sapphire blue eyes sparkled in the morning light. “Obviously my instincts were correct. That boulder would have killed you.”

Nigel nodded. Over time, rocks shifted, boulders tumbled from the cliffs. But in this instance, with the past attempt on his life, he found it impossible to believe the boulder’s fall was anything but natural.

“There must be a connection,” he said to George.

He turned to Elsbeth. She did appear to be fit and safe, despite that harrowing charge down the trail. She could have fallen to her death! But, thankfully, she’d managed to keep her feet underneath her.

He watched her as she strolled over to the boulder. She ran her slender hand along its rough surface. There was nary a limp in her gait or any other evidence that her sliding plunge down the cliff wall had caused her any harm.

“George, please escort Lady Mercer back to the manor.”

“And what will you do?” George demanded.

“I think I’ll have a look around.” Nigel gave a quick glance in Elsbeth’s direction. He didn’t want his guests, especially not Elsbeth, to know anything about the dangerous situation he was trying to keep under control. “I want to see if there are any other loose boulders preparing to fall.”

“Did you see anyone else on the top of the cliff, Lady Mercer?” George asked, concern in his expression. “Anyone at all?”

“No. I was surprised to see the two of you, in fact. The house was so silent I thought I was the only one up and about this early.”

Nigel eyed the top of the cliff again. Elsbeth had been wandering along its edge alone with a killer out there. The number of mishaps that could have happened was staggering.

“George,” he said, his panic rising, “take Elsbeth back to the manor. Now! Before anything else happens.”

“No. I have more experience around…um…loose boulders than you, Edgeware. And besides, the welfare of your guests must take precedence over any attempts…um…freak accidents.”

Of course George was right. Nigel offered Elsbeth his arm, which she accepted much more readily than the day before. He led her back up the trail.

“Is it you or Mr. Waver whose life is in danger?” she asked once they reached the top of the cliff, and out of earshot of George.

“I cannot imagine what you mean.”

“Someone was trying to kill one of you, or is it both? I saw the boulder move. I may not have seen anyone, but I’m convinced someone must have forced it over the edge.” She heaved a deep sigh. “I suppose I should have chased after the villain.”

“It was simply an accident, dove.”

She stopped suddenly in the middle of the path. “It’s Dionysus, isn’t it? He’s mad, isn’t he? Of course he’s mad. He’s an artist, and since you’re his keeper, he’s striking out at you.”

He caressed the deep crease that had formed between her brows. “Dionysus is perhaps a bit mad. And I have already told you I am his keeper, of sorts.” He paused, wondering what exactly he was planning to tell her.

In light of the havoc Dionysus’s existence had caused her, he knew he owed her the truth. But how would she react? His finger strayed from her troubled brow to trace the gentle curve of her chin. She stiffened but didn’t quail from his touch as she had before.

If he kept to his original plan, he’d need to continue playing these seductive games to keep her distracted and away from the truth. It was a plan that offered some pleasing prospects.

He smiled wryly. “I’m not in any danger.” He leaned forward, his lips carefully seeking hers. “Unless…”

Her scent, a fresh bouquet of lilacs and orange blossoms, filled his senses. “Unless,” he whispered, “I am in danger of losing my heart to you.”

* * * *

Elsbeth closed her eyes and leaned into his kiss, accepting the tingling surge of heat his lips sent spiraling through her chest, down her body, centering firmly between her thighs. Heavens above, last night’s dream sprung to life!

She laid her hand against his chest. His kisses demanded nothing. They were merely gentle pleas, urging her to respond, tempting her to give over to him everything she had to offer.

Their tongues touched.

She pulled back suddenly.

“No,” she whispered against his mouth. The heat of the moment left her breathless and wanting. His warm hand cupped her cheek. Instinctively, she reached up and caressed the hard plains of his jaw. “No,” she said, protesting her own reaction, not his. “We mustn’t. I—I cannot.”

Stumbling a few steps backwards helped give her the distance she needed to weaken the spell he seemed to have woven around her. The magic must have come from those black eyes of his. He stared at her, wide-eyed and looking just about as dazed as she felt.

His chest heaved as if he couldn’t catch his breath. “Elsbeth,” he breathed her name and pulled her close again. His lips felt hot against hers. She sought his kisses and welcomed his whispering caresses. “I-I didn’t know that this could be so—”

“Nigel!” Charlie’s voice carried across the trail, effectively throwing a pail of cold water over the whole smoldering situation.

Elsbeth was grateful. Charlie, the devil himself, had saved her from forgetting herself and the painful lessons she’d learned about men and love—at least their protestations of an ability to possess such a tender emotion. How in Heaven’s name had she gotten to the point of wanting to let Edgeware ease his way into her heart?

Charlie grabbed Edgeware’s shoulders. “I just spoke to George. He told me what happened. Gad, it makes me shiver to think the horrible death you would have suffered if our Elly hadn’t happened along. You are unharmed, aren’t you? Oh, cousin, please tell me you are unharmed!”

“Don’t get yourself worked up, Charlie. Of course I am well. It was a freak accident. Nothing to worry over.”

“Not worry? How could I not worry? Wouldn’t you fret after me if I’d been the one in danger? Sometimes I feel as if you are my keeper, Nige,” Charlie said, and smiled a deep smile that narrowed his eyes. Elsbeth had seen that look of sheer satisfaction on him before and knew to be wary of it. Charlie was plotting.

“Please excuse me, my lord,” she said with a bowed head, wishing to escape the men and, more importantly, her tender feelings that were threatening to betray her. “I believe I should head up to the manor house after all this excitement.”

Charlie latched onto her arm. “I’ll escort you, Elly.”

Edgeware stepped into their path and peeled Charlie from her arm. “It’s vastly improper for you to address Lady Mercer in such a familiar manner,” he said.

“Hubert, her dear late husband, and I were very close. Weren’t we Elly?”

“Yes, they were close,” she conceded. Charlie had been close to her husband, and he had said it himself: he thought of Lord Edgeware as his keeper.

Charlie? She felt the blood drain from her cheeks.

“Almost like brothers, I’d say. Or like you and I, Nige.” Charlie laughed and patted Elsbeth’s hand. It was all she could do to keep herself from bursting into tears.

Could it be true?

The air seemed suddenly too thick to breathe. “Please excuse me,” she murmured before picking up her skirts and darting back toward Edgeware’s sprawling estate house.

What if Charlie was the link?

Charlie knew both her husband and Lord Edgeware, and with his love of high-stakes gambling he was certainly greedy enough to wish his own cousin dead. With Edgeware out of the way, the title and control of the money would go to his uncle and eventually to Charlie.

And wasn’t Edgeware responsible for Charlie? As head of the family, Edgeware would naturally be considered his cousin’s keeper, of sorts.

She dug her nails into her palms, determined to keep a level head. Please, please no. Let me be wrong. But how could she be wrong? As harsh as it seemed, this was most likely the truth she’d traveled all the way to Dorset to learn.

Charlie was Dionysus.

Of course she needed proof. There was no need to give up all hope until she knew without doubt that Charlie was in fact Dionysus. No need at all.

Dionysus would pay for his sins, of that she was certain. Perhaps it would be easier, knowing the rogue was naught but a devil and someone she couldn’t have—should never have—loved.

“Come now, Elly.” Charlie caught up to her and grabbed hold of her hand. She jerked it away, giving the bounder cause to have a good laugh at her expense. “Now, now, don’t be this way.”

She took a moment to search Charlie’s face, looking for a clue, a glimmer of Dionysus’s passion, his pain, his genius. She found nothing but emptiness. She saw nothing but mischief in his scheming eyes.

“I’m sure Hubert would want the two of us to remain close,” he said, and flashed a toothy grin. “He and I shared everything, did we not?”

“Not everything. And it-it is unkind of you to remind me of such things, sir,” she snapped just as Lord Edgeware caught up to them. “My husband is dead!”

Thank the good Lord!





Chapter Ten

Nigel paced his study. The ladies were in the far field, holding an archery competition, and the gentlemen had left for the afternoon on a hunting excursion. He’d claimed an urgent estate matter demanded his immediate attention and had sent Charlie with the men in his place to serve as a guide.

What a blasted lie. He couldn’t concentrate on even the simplest of his estate’s concerns even if he’d wanted to.

Elsbeth. She’d filled his mind, overwhelmed him in a way no woman had ever done before.

What was he to do? He’d barely begun the game of seduction. He’d petted her, paid her lovely complements, and kissed her. That last kiss had been his downfall, turning his desire into a creature stronger than simple lust.

This was no longer about seduction. He wanted to bed her; that was certain. But he also wanted more. This need ran much deeper than wanting to win her or own her like he owned his estate, or how he owned his horses. He wanted her every breath to be for his sake.

What madness was this?

And worse, he didn’t know how to reach her. Her dedication to her departed husband, that bounder Lord Mercer, was visible. She’d paled, nearly swooned, at the mention of his name. I can’t, she’d told him after pulling away from his kiss. Her husband was dead, and yet she believed herself unfaithful?

Nigel poured himself a second glass of brandy. “I can’t compete with a dead bastard. How he won her heart, how he’d won such devotion, I will never understand.”

Before rushing off to the Peninsular War, Lord Mercer had made quite a reputation for himself. Debauchery, gambling, rumors of brutality and cruelty would rush through the ton whenever the young earl happened to be in London.

To Nigel’s knowledge, little was known of Lady Mercer. Though he shunned the parties and the clubs, he kept abreast of the activities and rumors flaring within that tight circle of High Flyers. If Lady Mercer had ever visited London with her bounder of a husband, tongues would have surely wagged, and Nigel would have inevitably heard about it. Which possibly meant that Elsbeth had no idea of the true character of the man she’d married.

A light knock on the door jarred him out of his thoughts.

“Come,” he called, after swallowing a healthy dose of his drink.

George entered and closed the door behind him.

“I thought you went hunting with the rest of the men,” Nigel said.

“Begged off. Never had a taste for the sport. Besides, I’ve been meaning to catch a private word with you. But what with the morning’s excitement and your obligations as host, there hasn’t been an opportunity.”

Nigel shrugged as he offered George a drink.

“No, thank you,” George said. He took a chair by the fire. “Stop pacing and sit, Edgeware. I won’t talk to you otherwise.”

Nigel sank into the leather chair next to George’s. “I’m listening.”

George steepled his fingers in front of his pursed lips and stared at Nigel for several long minutes. “I have been wondering about Lady Mercer,” he said at last.

“What about her?” She was the last person Nigel wanted to talk about. Not with George, and not now.

“I know you too well. We’ve been friends since before your father died. I’ve seen that obsessive look in your eyes before, though never for a woman.”

“I cannot imagine what you’re talking about. I have engineered this house party for no other reason than to repair her reputation. It’s only natural I show an interest in her activities.”

“Indeed?” George said wryly. “And if I were to pursue the lady’s attentions? She is a stunning beauty, is she not? That long blond hair of hers, the delicate structure, and those crystal blue eyes are quite memorable. Yes, Edgeware, I do believe I should try to win her favor. What do you think?”

Nigel’s jaw tightened. “Go ahead, though I’d recommend you pursue an heiress for a wife. What, with the volatility of your shipping business, I’d think a woman who could fill your coffers would suit you much better than the penniless Lady Mercer.”

“I wasn’t suggesting I was looking for a wife.”

Nigel slowly rose from his chair and walked back over to his liquor cabinet. George was bluffing. He had to be bluffing. His friend couldn’t possibly be suggesting he’d take Elsbeth for a mistress.

“Before you shoot me, Edgeware, let me just say I noticed—as I’m sure every bloody person in the drawing room did last night—that your gaze never left Lady Mercer and that you scowled all through dinner while you were forced to watch your cousin flirt with her.”

“As I already explained, my attention to her is more than warranted. I fear she might inadvertently thwart my efforts to repair her reputation,” Nigel said.

“So you’re afraid her morals are indeed as warped as her husband’s were purported to be?”

“No, damn it! Not that. Just—just she doesn’t feel comfortable here. And I have to keep a close watch on her because she has vowed mischief. She’s determined to expose Dionysus.”

“She is?” George perked up. “Perhaps I should help her. That cove takes advantage of your protection. He deserves to be exposed and ridiculed. What hold does he have over you, anyhow?”

“Enough,” Nigel said. “Enough that his destruction would be mine as well.”

George lapsed back into silence. The tension in the room was palpable. Nigel hated this wall building between them.

“Tell me—” Nigel hoped to turn the subject “—did you find anything of interest on the beach?”

“No, nothing of import. Did you see anyone when you escorted Lady Mercer back to the house?”

“Just Charlie.” Nigel saw red for a moment as he remembered the familiar way his cousin had behaved toward Elsbeth, taking her arm, speaking too freely with her, shamelessly calling her Elly. “But Charlie’s harmless,” he said. But for the first time in his life, he questioned just how harmless his younger cousin really was.

“Then, I suppose we need to dig deeper,” George said as he rose from the chair. “I won’t waste any more of your time.” He paused at the door. “Just indulge me once more and answer this question— When this week is over, will you be able to set aside your affection for Lady Mercer and return to your hermit-like lifestyle?”

Nigel tried to imagine his life returning to normalcy. Would he be tempted to attend the horrendous balls if he thought he’d have a chance to dance with Elsbeth? Would he be tempted to accept invitations to those dratted teas if there was the hope he’d have a chance to sit next to her and speak with her for a moment or two? Would he be able to return to his lonely life?

“Honestly? I don’t know.”

* * * *

At that very moment on a far field, the ladies had all gathered to partake in a friendly archery competition. With the pressing puzzle of Dionysus and what appeared to be an attack on Lord Edgeware, Elsbeth had claimed a headache and had excused herself from the excitement. Lady Waver had graciously volunteered to chaperone Olivia and Lauretta to the field so the girls wouldn’t miss out on the fun. Even more surprisingly, Lady Cowper had cheerfully joined in, volunteering to watch over the young ladies as well. It seemed that Edgeware’s efforts were beginning to change the beau monde’s opinion of her and her cousins.

Which was amazing, simply amazing.

Perhaps he wasn’t quite the villain she initially believed him to be. If he were a rotter like Charlie and her husband, certainly he wouldn’t have come to her defense after Dionysus’s painting went public. Which meant there had to be a good heart hidden somewhere inside the dark lord’s seductively broad chest, making what she was determined to do all the more difficult.

She tightened a gray cashmere shawl around her shoulders and followed one of Edgeware’s footmen into the manor’s dank buttery, a small storeroom off the kitchen where bottles of wine and other liquors were stored on shelves and casks of ale were stacked against the walls.

She was dressed in a gown purchased specifically for the house party. The fashionable pale pink walking dress with a muslin skirt flowed with almost indecent ease. Madame Bossier must have made a mistake with the design. Nearly all of her new gowns revealed far too much skin and seemed too sheer, hinting only too well at the shape hidden beneath the material. She gave her shawl another tug.

“I do beg your pardon,” she called out to the servant she was following, “but may I trouble you for a moment of your time?”

The footman, a giant of a man, stopped and turned toward her. His heavy brows furrowed and his thick lips sank into a deep frown. “Yes, m’lady?” he growled.

“What is your name?” she asked, briskly. This one footman, she’d noticed, tended to skulk through the halls at the most unusual hours and listen in on conversations he had no business hearing.

“Guthrie,” he said, the creases in his brow deepened. “What can I do for you? I’m busy.”

“Well, Guthrie,” she said slowly. “With the number of guests at the house party I can imagine you are sorely overtaxed. If you will allow me to take but a moment, I have a question for you.”

“I don’t see how I could—” he started to say when Elsbeth raised her hand.

“You appear to be a clever chap. I’ve noticed you have the opportunity to see things that go on in this house that perhaps his lordship wouldn’t want you to know about.”

“I don’t know what you—”

She raised her gloved hand again. “I would be willing to pay a pretty coin for some information.”

“How pretty a coin, ma’am?”

“A gold sovereign.” She held out the heavy coin. His muddy brown eyes lit up at the sight of it. “Two, if you can provide proof of what you know.”

He wiped his hand on his trousers several times and looked eager to snatch the coin out of her grasp. “What do you need to know, ma’am?”

“The Marquess is protecting a gentleman. This gentleman may be his cousin or friend. Whoever he is, he hides behind the name Dionysus. Have you ever heard anyone refer to this man?”

“Dial…nay…what-sus, ma’am?”

“Dio-ny-sus,” she pronounced with care. “He is an artist. I believe he might be Mr. Charles Purbeck.”

Guthrie guffawed at that. It was a crackly, rumbling sound. “Mr. Purbeck an artist?” He laughed some more. “I ain’t heard anyone use a fancy Dial…ny…sus name around here. And Mr. Purbeck ain’t ever expressed an interest in art, not like his lordship. I was a young lad and so was his lordship when I first came to work in this house. I’d been told his mother breathed her last a few days after his lordship was born. And his father, too, dropped short when the lordship was just a young tot, no more than three or four. It’s common knowledge in the village that the Edgeware men leave this world at a young age.”

Elsbeth gasped. “The family is prone to sickness?”

“Nay, my lady. Duels, fox hunting, carriage races, and the like are to blame. Shortly after his father’s death, the lordship’s uncle moved into the household with his wife and son in order to care for the estates and to mold his lordship into a sober and rather grim gentleman like himself, or so I’ve been told. I came to work here years later.” The footman sighed. “Hadn’t been here for much longer than a fortnight when I watched his lordship’s uncle fly into a rage and toss all of the Marquess’s artwork into the parlor’s fireplace. He then dragged his lordship by the scruff of his hair out to the barn and horsewhipped the lad something fierce.”

“So the Marquess is something of an artist?” she mused. It would be so easy to believe Edgeware, with his expressive but dark and foreboding eyes, brooding moods, and impossibly romantic notions of being a knight-in-shining-armor, was her devil, Dionysus. But that would be quite impossible. How could a man be his own keeper?

She chewed her bottom lip, thinking. No…no, it would be quite impossible. The bounder had to be Charlie.

“There has been an attempt against the Marquess’s life. Do you know anything about this?” she asked, determined to stay focused on the puzzle she needed to unravel.

“Aye, ma’am. His lordship was nearly killed when someone slipped a metal spur under his horse’s saddle a little more than a week ago.”

So the boulder hadn’t been the first attempt on Edgeware’s life? Elsbeth struggled to keep her surprise hidden. “And who do you think was behind this dastardly trick? Was Mr. Purbeck in residence at the time?”

“He was, ma’am,” he said, his eyes growing wide. “Are you suggesting Mr. Purbeck had something to do with—?”

“That is quite enough. Guthrie, return to your duties.” Edgeware, looking as dashing as a carefree London Corinthian in a pair of tight fawn-colored pantaloons, gleaming white waistcoat, and hunter green riding coat appeared in the buttery doorway…glowering.

“Yes, m’lord, of course m’lord.” Guthrie gave one last yearning glance at the sovereign Elsbeth still held in her hand before he hoisted a cask of ale onto his broad shoulder and hurried from the room.

“Pray excuse me,” Elsbeth said, as if she hadn’t just been caught asking one of Edgeware’s servants questions concerning him. “I should attend to my cousins.”

When she tried to sidestep him and slip out the door, he blocked her and drew the door closed behind him. She hadn’t noticed before how dark the room was. There was a heavy coating of dust on the arched window at the far end of the room, and with the door closed, very little light seeped into the chilly interior. Lord Edgeware’s expression was completely hidden in the shadows. She heard, rather than saw, the material of his clothes rustle as he crossed his arms in front of his chest.

“I will not kiss you again,” she said with considerable more bravado than she was feeling. “And it is highly improper for you to be alone with me in here…with the door closed.”

“Indeed?” he said.

The silence that followed had a dangerous air attached to it.

“Move out of the way, sir,” she said, giving him a healthy shove with the hopes of getting to the door before something truly shocking happened. It wasn’t exactly that she didn’t trust him. After this morning she wasn’t sure how things stood between them. And worse, she feared she shouldn’t dare trust herself around him. In a panic, she gave him a second shove when the first failed to move him.

It was for naught. She might as well have been trying to dislodge a stone wall.

“I must ask that this stop, Elsbeth,” he said, just as she put her shoulder into pushing him.

“I would stop if you stepped out of my way.”

“Not this,” he said, capturing her hands before she could shove against him again. “Interrogating my servants.”

“My lord, I would never—”

“Come now, Elsbeth.” He lifted her hands to his lips and gently kissed her knuckles. “Your unrelenting questions of my staff is creating quite a havoc belowstairs. Many of my people are worried that you wish to do me harm.” His teeth flashed white in the dim light as he smiled at the thought. “Naturally, I’m not the least bit concerned, for I know my secret is safe. But for my servants’ sake, you must stop. I rather pride myself on my ability to keep those in my employ happy.”

“I don’t know what to say.” Her cheeks prickled from a sudden rush of heat.

“Say you will leave my servants in peace.”

They were standing so very close she could almost feel the length of him pressed against the front of her all too thin skirt.

“Trust me to handle this matter for you, Elsbeth.”

“Trust?” She’d misplaced her trust once before and had ended up trapped in an abusive marriage. “I do appreciate what you’ve done for my cousins. Several of the ladies present have promised to issue invitations to them for upcoming teas and balls after we return to London. For that, you have won my regard.”

“But do you trust that I would never purposefully do anything to harm you?”

Did she dare trust him? He’d been honest with her about so many things, even warning her of his intention the very first time he’d kissed her. But what did she know of men? She’d done a miserable job judging her husband’s character before their marriage.

“I would like to trust you,” was the best she could offer. “However, I cannot and will not trust Dionysus, especially considering how it appears that he is not only trying to ruin me, but that he has tried to kill you even before this morning.”

“Dionysus is not trying to kill me,” he insisted, but she didn’t let that stop her.

She raised her voice to be sure that he listened. “He has ruined my life twice already. If you cannot control him, why should I trust that he won’t harm either you or I again?”

Edgeware didn’t seem to have a ready answer for her.

“My lord?” she asked. He was still holding her hands and standing a hairsbreadth from her in the midst of a tense silence that seemed to go on for an eternity. “This is highly improper. We shouldn’t be alone together in this room. I implore you let me go—”

“Twice?” he asked.

“What?” She tried to twist her hands free, but he only tightened his hold.

“You said he ruined your life twice.” He sounded angry. “Your marriage to Lord Mercer was the first time?”

Her reputation couldn’t stand being caught in the dark lord’s clutches like this. She didn’t trust his servants to keep quiet about what they might suppose she was doing alone with him.

“Let go of me,” she demanded, in not quite a shout.

“No. Explain it to me, what exactly did Dionysus do to you?”

She twisted again, her hands burning from his unbreakable hold. Tears sprang to her eyes.

“What did he do to you, dammit?” He gave her a little shake. “You need to trust me, to tell me what happened.”

“The paintings,” she cried. “He gave me paintings.”

“The paintings.”

“Every one more beautiful than the last. They made my heart ache. They made me love him. But they weren’t from him. Or rather, Lord Mercer gave Dionysus’s paintings to me as if they were his own.” She drew an unsteady breath. “Don’t you see? They conspired together. They lied to me. Tricked me. I would have never married Lord Mercer if it hadn’t been for those cursed paintings.”

Edgeware’s hands turned cold. “You were unhappy in your marriage?”

“I wish I had never met the bounder,” she confessed for the first time in her life. Perhaps it was because of the darkness. Or perhaps it was because the way he held her so very close made her want to bare her heart to him. “He was a monster. He didn’t have a drop of kindness in his blood. And I became just like him—a monster of another sort—the day I celebrated his death.”

“I didn’t know.” He pulled her into his arms and cradled her against his strong chest as she lost her battle holding back the tears.

For too long she had kept this secret, pretending her marriage was everything it was supposed to be. The pain she’d held at bay ripped through her. If not for Edgeware’s strength, she would have surely been torn apart by the years of pent up grief and anger swelling within her. In that terrible moment, her dark lord was her rock. Though he held himself stiff, unbending, she felt safe.

“Forgive me,” she said as soon as she was able to pull herself together and ease out of his embrace. “You must think me evil to bewail what many would say was a fortunate marriage. Please forget I said anything. I am overly tired.” She dabbed at her nose with the handkerchief she’d retrieved from a sleeve and skirted around him. He didn’t make a move when she tossed open the door. “I do apologize.”

“Don’t—” he said with his back to her.

She didn’t wait to hear what he had to say. She fled like a thief in the night from the kitchens, glancing over her shoulder only once to see him standing in the buttery doorway. Such naked longing was reflected in his eyes that it stole her breath.

She’d been wrong about him yet again. Though she’d feared his strength, he hadn’t used it against her just now. Instead, he’d wrapped his power around her like a magical cloak. Unlike any gentleman she had ever known, he seemed desperate to help her.

* * * *

An hour later, Elsbeth joined her cousins on the archery field. The sun was shining bright enough to have completely burned away the morning fog. In a lush part of the field, the ladies had gathered, dressed in their most fashionable promenade gowns, which Elsbeth thought was impracticable attire for demonstrating their skills.

When newly out of the schoolroom, she’d enjoyed archery matches, mainly because her skills were unmatched with the neighboring ladies. But despite the pleasant weather and the excitement of the friendly competition, she found it nearly impossible to enjoy herself. She toyed with the long wooden bow in her hand, plucking the taut string while her thoughts tumbled through the morning’s events and her shocking confession to Lord Edgeware about her unhappy marriage. Part of her was mortified and wished she could take back her words. Another part of her wished she had told him the full truth of her marriage. Edgeware had made her feel safe. Confiding her secrets had been easy. Perhaps too easy.

“Elly, pray pay attention. We are all waiting for you to take your shot,” Olivia said and pointed toward the round, straw-stuffed target.

The young ladies were watching her. Their elder chaperones had also turned their heads to watch from the wicker chairs that had been set off to one side. They were all looking at her…and a few were smiling.

Lauretta, Elsbeth noticed, was standing next to Lady Cowper, and the two women were chatting amicably. Only Lady Dashborough and her younger daughter, Lady Constance, appeared less than pleased with Elsbeth’s presence on the archery field.

Elsbeth drew an arrow from a leather quiver hanging on a wooded stake. She stroked the feathered end before setting it on the bow. The target had been placed at a distance generally reserved for the gentlemen. As a result, several of the ladies’ arrows had fallen short and stuck out of the ground like pins in a cushion. The few that had struck their goal had completely missed the center of the target.

As she drew back the string, the ladies all grew silent save for a giggle here and there. Though such consideration hadn’t been given to any of the other participants, Elsbeth wasn’t surprised. She understood only too well how closely her every action was being watched and judged. Because of that, she took her time as she aimed—praying that time hadn’t erased her abilities. She raised the bow higher to compensate for the longer distance. Holding her breath, she released the string.

With a thunk her arrow pierced the target very close to the center. Not a heartbeat later a second arrow sailed past her so closely that its breeze teased the ribbons on her bonnet. That errant arrow landed with an even louder thunk as it pierced the center of the target, hugging the spot Elsbeth’s arrow had already taken.

The ladies cheered with delight.

Elsbeth blinked, unable to take her eyes off that second arrow. She certainly wasn’t cheering when she turned around to see which young lady had played such a reckless trick. She hoped their hostess, Lady Waver, would have some stern words with whoever the young lady turned out to be.

Their hostess had risen from her wicker chair, but her mood was as bright as the sky. She was clapping and beaming a smile as genteel as the rest of the matrons. Elsbeth’s searching gaze quickly brought her face-to-face with the cause for their excitement.

Edgeware leaned upon his bow as if it were a fashionable walking stick. The smug expression on his lips told her all she needed to know—he’d purposefully sent his arrow whizzing past her and was confoundingly proud of himself for it, too.

“Ladies, I see the archery competition has been a resounding success,” he said. His rich voice hummed through Elsbeth’s body as if it were an intimate caress. Her cursed knees were on the verge of turning to jelly. “Naturally, I come prepared to present a reward to the victor.”

He produced a simple white daisy. Holding the bloom out toward Elsbeth, he went down onto one knee, making him look as valiant as the Robin Hood his green riding jacket had made him resemble.

“For your favor, my lady,” he said softly.

The ladies on the field all sighed with delight. Elsbeth couldn’t seem to breathe as she accepted the prize. She lifted the soft bloom to her nose and drank in its mild, sweet scent.

“And a stroll,” he said. That wolfish gleam returned to darken his eyes.

“A stroll?” She didn’t want to be alone with him, not with her heart all twisted up with no small measure of confusion.

“In the gardens.” He rose to his feet and offered his arm.

“I am sorry, but I cannot,” she said, backing away. Why in blazes was he trying to get her alone again?

“My lord, if Lady Mercer is unable, I will gladly take her place,” Lady Constance said as she rushed over to them, stopping just short of latching onto his arm. She, too, must have sensed the spark of disapproval in him. After taking a long look at his stony expression and raised brow, her coy smile froze on her lips.

“I have a duty as chaperone to my cousins, sir. I cannot leave them,” Elsbeth quickly explained, hoping to soothe his bruised pride.

He shook his head. “I am sorry, my lady, but the prize must go to the victor.” With delicate grace, he lifted the daisy she was in danger of crushing between her fingers and threaded its stem through the ribbon of her bonnet. “Lady Waver,” he called without looking away. Those hard, hungry eyes gnawed at her resolve. But how could she survive spending any time alone with him after having confessed to him her deepest shame?

“Yes, Edgeware?” Lady Waver called back.

“Would you be so kind to watch over Lady Mercer’s charges for half an hour while she strolls the gardens with me?”

“Of course, Lord Edgeware. Baneshire’s daughters are such lovely company, it would be a pleasure.”

He held out his arm again. “Any other objections, my lady?”

With her chin raised and her lips held firmly in place, she accepted his arm. A walk in the gardens wouldn’t be a terrible thing, she told herself. His manner reminded her of a playful pup’s. Certainly, her confession hadn’t shocked him. Certainly, he hadn’t sought her out just to scold her or condemn her for not having loved her husband. Still, she was uncertain.

What was a lady to do when one of the most elusive bachelors of the beau monde showed an interest in her, romantically tucking ribbons into her bonnet? What defense could a lady possibly use to guard her heart against such a man? A man who now knew her deepest secret? She couldn’t seem to stop her heart from racing as he led her through the arched entranceway that led into a tidy, privet-hedge labyrinth.

“There is a surprise at the center,” he promised, his voice deepening a degree.

“I won’t kiss you again,” she said a bit too tartly.

“As I have said before—” he patted her hand “—I won’t press you to do anything you don’t wish to do. I won’t even mention a certain matter that might cause you pain.”

“You won’t?” she asked, suddenly wishing she hadn’t renewed her vow not to kiss him.

“I don’t want you to get the wrong impression or to think of me as the worst sort of cad, Elsbeth. I want you to feel completely safe around me. I want you to trust me.”

He stopped in the middle of the path. “You may not believe this, but I do need you to know that Dionysus has never done anything to purposefully harm you.” He pressed a finger against her lips when she started to argue. “What appears to be his plotting against you were, both times, situations that were beyond his control. In fact, it tears at his heart to think that he has caused you harm. You must believe that.”

“I believe you plan to do everything in your power to protect me,” she said, for Edgeware did truly appear to be a good man. Perhaps, like herself, he was too trusting, blindly believing Dionysus’s lies.

“Good,” he said. “I am glad.”

“But I will never again trust Dionysus, and neither should you.”

“I assure you, I trust him no more than I trust myself, which sometimes isn’t very much.” He smiled ruefully when she backed away from him. “Don’t be alarmed, dove. You’re safe with me.” He led her down a twisting path through the labyrinth. The hedge walls extended several feet over her head and were so thick that she could barely see daylight through them. She glanced around, realizing just how isolated they were. Such a vulnerable situation should have left her trembling.

Oddly, she felt safe. And it was the dark lord’s doing.

He’d been so careful as he eased his way past her defenses. She closed her eyes and lost herself for a moment in the feelings of longing swelling deep within her.

She wanted to trust him completely. She truly did. She wanted to love—

“Please,” she said, and opened her eyes. Very slowly she reached out to him and slipped her hand into his. It was a heady feeling to have her hand nestled within his strong grasp and her fingers entwined with his.

“About misplaced trust,” he said as they strolled. “I have had some stern words with my cousin, Mr. Purbeck. He will no longer treat you with disrespect.”

“Thank you,” she said.

“Nor will I treat you shabbily. My initial intention for the week had been to seduce you. I had thought I would use my charms to distract you from searching for Dionysus.”

“I know,” she said, unable to think of any other way to respond to such a bald declaration.

“You do?”

She nodded. “I’m not an innocent taking her first turn on the Marriage Mart. I do know something of men and their intentions.”

“I suppose you must.” He sighed. “I had planned to…but after that kiss this morning, and our…um…discussion this afternoon, I have changed my mind. Seducing you in order to bend your will would prove too complicated. There is a strong attraction between us, pulling at us. I know you feel it.

“And the last thing I want to do is violate your trust. So know this, Elsbeth, if I am lucky enough to succeed in seducing you, it will be for one singular reason. I will do it solely because I want you to be with me.” He paused long enough for Elsbeth to catch her breath. “Ah, we have reached the center of the labyrinth. I’ve been told that this was my father’s favorite place.”

At the center of the maze was a round clearing. A smooth marble urn seated in an oval fountain sprayed water up at least ten feet into the air. Edgeware lingered there, watching the water dance in the sunlight.

“The secret—” he said, directing Elsbeth toward a second path on the other side of the clearing. Unlike the rest of the hedge-lined trail, the path was straight and short. Within a few short steps, she found herself in the middle of an open, geometric garden from which the manor house and archery field could be easily reached. “—is revealed. We spiraled around and around to find the prize when we might have taken a short, direct route instead. But tell me, if we had taken the easier path, would finding the hidden jewel have been as satisfying?”

She wanted to touch him. Even now, even after he’d declared his intention of seducing her, she wasn’t frightened…she was fascinated.

He was a mystery, a puzzle as complicated as one of Dionysus’s paintings with layer upon layer of depth waiting to be discovered—a secret prize she ached to unravel.

“Tonight is the ball,” he reminded her, lifting her hand and placing a reverent kiss on the top of her knuckles. “Perhaps you will save me a dance? Perhaps a waltz?”

Ninny, that her soft heart was turning her into, had her nodding her agreement and eagerly looking forward to the coming evening and the prospect of losing herself all over again to his seductive spell.





Chapter Eleven

“Lauretta, why ever aren’t you dressed?” Olivia scolded. She sounded surprisingly like Elsbeth, even to Elsbeth’s ears. But she ruined the stern image when she impatiently stomped her pretty foot. “Lord Edgeware’s ball is starting. I can already hear the guests arriving downstairs.”

Lauretta, dressed in the same gown she’d worn that afternoon, slumped on her bed, her chin cradled in her hands. “I have one of Elsbeth’s famous headaches.”

“Oh, pooh! Papa would never permit this. Elly, you aren’t going to allow her to hide up here, are you?”

Elsbeth emerged from the dressing room where Molly, her lady’s maid, had been fussing over her. She’d listened to her two cousins with only half an ear as she’d gazed at herself in the mirror. The gown, made from the sheerest pale purple muslin she’d ever seen, was cut very low. Nearly indecently so. Surely the modiste had made a mistake.

“Oh, Elly,” Olivia exclaimed, “you look ever so lovely. That gown is so much more fashionable than the ones you ordered for the season. It fits you much better too.”

“I feel like I am in danger of falling out of it,” Elsbeth muttered.

“You do look lovely,” Lauretta said rather sedately.

“Why, thank you.” She frowned at the long face Lauretta wore. “But you, my dear cousin, will not look lovely coming to the ball in that gown. You need to make a grand appearance, dazzling everyone present. You need to show Sir Donald—and everyone else—his actions have not affected you in the least.”

Lauretta gave Elsbeth a desperate look.

“It needn’t be true,” she said as she selected a white gown for her cousin to wear. “It simply needs to be believed.” She took Lauretta’s hands in her own. “Trust me, this is for the best.”

With Molly and Olivia’s help, it didn’t take long for Elsbeth to tuck Lauretta into her gown, fix up her hair, and lure her to the ball.

The guests, dressed in their most fashionable attire, lined the sides of the ballroom, chatting animatedly. Edgeware had reportedly invited gentry from as far away as a quarter day’s ride to Purbeck. Elsbeth guessed further by the number who had already arrived.

Shiny silk ribbons dyed to represent Edgeware’s family colors, dark green and rich lavender, floated across the ceiling and spiraled toward the grand chandelier in the center of the room. Matching drapes billowed in the breeze in front of the half-dozen arching double doors that had been opened to keep the room from becoming overheated. Palms potted in ceramic urns overflowing with exotic orchids marked the edges of the dance floor. Musicians dressed all in white stood at the ready on the far end of the room.

“For a man who has never hosted a ball, the Marquess certainly knows how to create a fairytale scene,” Olivia said.

Elsbeth nodded in agreement. The decorations made her feel slightly unhinged, almost as if she’d stumbled into one of Dionysus’s colorful paintings. “I have never seen such a wondrous spectacle. And look, there’s a miniature fountain at the edge of the dance floor.”

Lauretta followed along as quiet as a stone beside them, her shoulders hunched and her head bowed. The poor child was destined to have a miserable evening if circumstances didn’t quickly turn.

“Oh,” Olivia sighed, as her cheeks grew flushed. “There is Lord Edgeware dressed all in black. And I believe he is looking this way. He looks so formidable, don’t you agree, Elly?”

“I haven’t taken the time to notice,” Elsbeth lied. She had, in fact, sought him out the moment they’d stepped into the ballroom. And she thought the dark lord looked disturbingly dashing tonight.

What the devil was wrong with her? She gave herself a stern mental shake. In no way should she allow her feelings to grow for him. Even if his easy manner seemed to draw her like a moth to a flame, she shouldn’t risk losing herself to his seductive charm. He was a man, naught but a man.

“Ladies.” Edgeware had wasted no time crossing the room to personally greet them. He gave a grand bow and, blast him, looked as elegant as a prince. “Please allow me to reserve a dance with each of you beauties in turn.”

He gave Lauretta a second look, and frowned. “What’s this?” he said, gently lifting the unhappy girl’s chin. “I cannot allow such a gloomy face at my ball.”

“I simply can’t muster a happier feeling, my lord. Perhaps I should—”

“Do not speak nonsense, my beautiful lady. You’ve only stepped foot in the ballroom. How can you possibly know how the night will turn out?” He was scolding her, of that Elsbeth was certain. But his tone was so light, so playful that even the sensitive Lauretta’s grim expression appeared to lighten.

“But-but, my lord,” she sputtered. “You don’t understand. You couldn’t possibly know—”

“That Sir Donald has broken your heart? Yes, I do believe your father had mentioned something of that matter to me when we were discussing this house party.” He caressed the girl’s chin as an uncle would, before releasing it. “Just say the word, my lady, and I will ban Sir Donald from ever stepping foot in my house again.”

Lauretta gave a start. More than a little distressed she waved her satiny-gloved hands in the air. “No, my lord, I beg that you don’t punish him.” She swallowed hard. “I-I couldn’t…I mean, he-um-he-he—”

“Ah. I understand only too well,” Edgeware said. “Please grant me the pleasure of this first set, then.” His smile brightened again as he extended his hand to her with a grand gesture. “I promise Sir Donald will rethink his earlier foolishness after seeing his competition tonight.”

Elsbeth watched with a pang in her heart as her dark lord led Lauretta away. It was foolish, really, that she should feel jealous of her cousin. She didn’t want Edgeware’s attentions, truly she didn’t. Hang it all, she didn’t want him smiling at her like he’d smiled at Lauretta. And she really didn’t want him to remind her of that morning’s passionate kiss…or whisper any more shocking promises of seduction.

“Wouldn’t it be grand if Lauretta went home to father engaged to Lord Edgeware?” Olivia said dreamily.

“Don’t be ridiculous. Edgeware wouldn’t propose without talking to your father first,” Elsbeth snapped.

Olivia giggled. “Oh Elly! I didn’t realize that you—”

“Now you are being ridiculous, Olivia. Come now.” She latched her arm with her cousin’s. “Let’s step away from the entrance.”

“Am I being silly? The Marquess gallantly presented you a flower this afternoon and placed it in your hair as well!”

“Please, Olivia,” Elsbeth said, not quite able to fight off the tender memories.

“I do believe you are blushing, Elly. Oh la, there is nothing to be embarrassed about. He is an eligible bachelor, is he not? Ah, Mr. Waver, how do you do?”

George Waver inclined his head and smiled. “Good evening ladies. Please allow me to present to you Reverend Sirius Waver.” The handsome young man with features strikingly similar to Mr. Waver’s tugged nervously on his waistcoat. “Siruis is my younger brother as well as the local vicar,” Mr. Waver added with considerable fondness, which only seemed to make the vicar look more uncomfortable.

Mr. Waver hurried on, presenting Elsbeth and Olivia and detailing their family connections, Elsbeth puzzled over the young vicar’s agitation until she noticed how pink his cheeks had become when George Waver had spoken Olivia’s name. Once the introductions were completed, Mr. Waver turned and gave his brother a nod.

“L-lady Olivia.” Reverend Waver cleared his throat a couple of times. “Lady Olivia, I would be honored to lead you in the first set. That is, if you haven’t already accepted an invitation from another gentleman. Which in that case, I’d hardly expect you to agree to dance with me.”

Olivia giggled, her pink cheeks brightening even before she latched on to his arm.

“And would you, Lady Mercer,” Mr. Waver asked, “be available to dance the first set with me?”

“No, I’m afraid she would not,” Charlie said, nudging Mr. Waver out of the way. “The first set is beginning and Lady Mercer has promised it to me,” he said, using her proper title for the first time since they’d been reacquainted. But despite that courtesy, he took possession of her arm as if he owned it.

“Perhaps later, then?” Mr. Waver said with a frown.

“Yes, later would be nice,” Elsbeth said. She allowed Charlie to tow her along with him, even though the thought of being with him made her whole body tremble with fear. This was no time for cowardice. If Charlie was indeed Dionysus, she needed to gather evidence in order to expose him. Besides, she reminded herself, she had no reason to be frightened of Charlie. He wouldn’t dare harm her in the middle of a crowded ballroom.

The small orchestra began playing a minuet, the traditional opening set. The dancers lined up, waiting for their turn to whirl down the line with their partners. Lauretta, looking worlds livelier, was the first to dance in front of the other guests. She turned toward Edgeware for the lead-in. They did a right-hand turn, a left-hand turn, and then a two-hand turn before starting the sequence again until they had glided to the end of the line. Edgeware had given Lauretta a wonderful gift. By choosing her to partner him in the opening dance of the ball, every man present would now look at her in a new light.

Charlie kept Elsbeth by his side as he lagged back in the line of guests. “I know who you are,” she said, in hopes of tricking him into a confession, “and what you’re up to.”

“You do?” he said and raised a brow.

“Of course I do.”

He snarled at her confidence. “You’ve won my cousin as a champion and it makes you grow bold. He turned on me this afternoon because of you,” he whispered with a ragged breath in her ear.

Elsbeth tried to pull away, but Charlie only clamped down on her arm. “No,” she said, feeling a tremor of alarm. “No, you have no power over me.”

“I may not. But be warned.” Fire flashed in his eyes. “I won’t let you come between me and my cousin.”

“And I won’t let you harm him!” she spat with a passion loud enough that several heads turned. But she didn’t regret a word, realizing suddenly she would fight to protect Edgeware from this bounder. She simply could not let Dionysus ruin anyone else’s life. Especially not Edgeware’s.

Charlie’s face bloomed red. He glanced around, smiling benignly. “Very well,” he said though his lips were pulled tightly into a sharp grin. “Very well,” he said again and stalked off.

As Elsbeth watched him retreat, her bravery wavered. She feared her little act of rebellion would not go unpunished.

* * * *

Severin prowled the ballroom, keeping a keen eye peeled for scheming young ladies that might be lurking behind a potted palm or a Doric column. He pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and dabbed at his heated brow. Edgeware’s welcoming ball was brimming with young, innocent, unmarried ladies all hoping to put the matrimonial hook into some poor, unsuspecting sot.

What was a poor rogue to do? He’d danced with most of the young chits at least once. Several of the approving papas had approached him in conversation, prodding him for information about his state of affairs and intentions.

“There you are, my lord,” a tender voice said just as a silken fan swatted his arm, sending Severin nearly leaping out of his skin.

He turned around and stood chest-to-chest with Lady Dashborough’s more than ample bosom. She stepped closer, brushing up against him. “My word,” she said, a sly grin adding a new dimension to her pretty features, “you are jumpy tonight.”

“Am I?” he asked, taking a step back. “I suppose I am.” Lady Dashborough’s youngest, Lady Constance, had been shamelessly pursuing him all evening. He prayed her mama wasn’t planning to plead a case for her. He simply wasn’t interested in naive young ladies…or marriage.

“I’ve heard rumors that you are especially skilled at pleasing women, Lord Ames.” She placed her hand on his arm, letting her fingers stray to his bare wrist. “These young girls populating this ball must surely bore you.”

Severin let out the breath he was holding. “I have a great admiration for experience and knowledge, as I am sure you understand.”

“Yes,” she purred. “I, too, feel the same way.” She traced a gentle circle over the sensitive skin on the underside of his wrist. Her gaze strayed to her diamond bracelet as it brushed against his skin. “I also generously reward talent and skill.”

That diamond bracelet could pay his living expenses for a month. Her offer was becoming very tempting indeed. “I see.” He ran his tongue over his lower lip as if tasting a succulent fruit. “A midnight rendezvous? A sharing of experiences?”

“Yes, my lord. I would enjoy that.” She slipped a key into his hand. “Midnight, then.”

He discreetly pocketed her key. “Would you care to dance?” he asked, offering her his arm.

She gave him a calculating glare. “I think not,” she said, and then turned and sashayed away.

Severin leaned against one of the Doric columns he’d been hiding behind and smiled as he watched her dress sway around her full hips as she walked. A relationship with the wealthy Lady Dashborough could prove most lucrative.

“Oh Sir Donald, you are so very funny.” He heard Lady Constance’s high-pitched voice and cringed. The young woman’s sweet laugh tinkled in the air. He peeked around the column and watched as Sir Donald maneuvered Constance toward the terrace. The young man took her hand and raised it to his lips, turning her palm up. He nudged her glove and kissed her bare skin. “You, my love, must be the most beautiful woman in all of England. The other ladies present tonight all look like wilted flowers compared to you.”

A woman gave a strangled cry from the opposite side of the column. She then charged into Severin, nearly knocking him over.

“Do pardon me,” he called irritably after her as she raced across the ballroom and up the staircase.

Who in blazes was that gel? Lady Lauretta?

Severin remembered then—he’d seen Lady Lauretta and Sir Donald together at Dionysus’s now infamous art exhibition. What had that silly Lady Olivia said to him about the pair?

Oh dear…the Baneshire family had been expecting an engagement announcement before the end of the Season. Who could tell what mischief a broken-hearted girl could find for herself when in such a state? Concerned, he followed Lady Lauretta through the darkened hallways of the maze-like Purbeck Manor. Her virginal white dress appeared to glow in the gloom. She looked more like an ethereal specter than a woman in solid form. Her light whimpers and stifled sobs made the hair on the back of his neck stand on end.

He picked up his pace and turned a corner only to confront an empty hallway. Not easily discouraged, he systematically opened doors in the hall, peeking into the dark rooms.

A clock somewhere within the house began chiming. Severin slowed his step as he counted the hour.

It was midnight and Lady Dashborough, wearing a very expensive diamond bracelet, was in her chamber waiting for him. He should go to her and leave Lady Lauretta to her grief. But as he opened one last door he heard a muffled sob. With a sigh, he pulled out his handkerchief and smoothed it in his hand. Lady Lauretta was in desperate need of a few kind words and gentle reassurance. And, it appeared, he was the only one around to give that to her.

“Please, my lady, do not cry over that bounder,” he said softly. “No man is worth those lovely tears.” He crossed the threshold into the narrow portrait gallery and closed the door behind him.





Chapter Twelve

Elsbeth wrung her hands until they stung. Nothing was amiss, she assured herself. Just because Lauretta was absent from the ballroom and Charlie, also unaccounted for, had stalked away from her earlier in a thundering rage shouldn’t mean that she needed to disintegrate into a leaky watering pot while stranded in the middle of the dance floor.

But what if Charlie had lured Lauretta away? What if—?

She shook her head. Fretting never solved a crisis, real or imagined. What she needed was action. And help.

She quickly found Olivia sequestered in a corner with the illustrious Beau Brummell, discussing—of all things—the troubles of importing fashionable fabrics from France because of that troublesome war.

“Olivia,” she said as she pried her cousin from the sofa’s plush cushion, “go straight up to our apartment and see if Lauretta has hied herself off to bed.”

“But-but I’m—” Olivia twisted out of Elsbeth’s grasp so she could turn her gentle, albeit shocked, expression back toward Brummell.

“Heed me, Olivia, and do as you are told.”

Olivia paled a degree. “Is something wrong?”

“Wrong?” Elsbeth squeaked. “Of course not. Why would you ask such a question?” No matter what, she couldn’t let the other guests suspect that Lauretta might be alone with a gentleman; she couldn’t let another scandal darken the Baneshire door.

Olivia turned and stared at Elsbeth, her eyes grew wide. “Oh dear,” she said and then uttered a polite excuse to Beau Brummell before rushing from the ballroom.

Elsbeth wondered what her cousin had read in her frozen expression. No, she shook her head and forced a brittle smile. She could not lose herself to paralyzing fear, not now. Things were different when it was just her, and she could collapse like a simpering rag doll after her husband flew into one of his heartless rages. But now Lauretta and Olivia both depended on her, and Lord Baneshire, foolish man, had entrusted her with his children’s safety.

Charlie. And Dionysus. Or were they two names for the same man? Damn her husband, damn his friends. They seemed to always be at the root of her troubles. Even now when, by all rights, she should be free from them.

Until death, the marriage vow had proclaimed, not beyond.

“Pardon me.” She reached out and latched onto the arm of a rather flustered Lady Dashborough as the lady rushed by. “Have you seen Charlie…um, I mean Mr. Charles Purbeck, the younger Purbeck, I mean.”

“Men!” Lady Dashborough exclaimed, as she shook off Elsbeth’s hold. “This blasted ball has misplaced more men than I care to acknowledge. If you happen upon Lord Ames, you can tell him that he needn’t come looking for me. Good evening.”

“What was that all about?” a deep voice whispered in Elsbeth’s ear, sending her senses reeling into a dizzying spin. She dug her fingers into her palms and walked away from the spicy scent she now associated with Lord Edgeware. He was one complication more than she could handle at the moment.

Two iron-willed hands curled around her arms and twirled her around until she was forced to stare into his shimmering black eyes. Fear tickled the back of her throat.

“Elsbeth?”

“You are not a man I must bow to,” she said sharply. There were too many men haunting her life already. She didn’t need another. “You have no hold on me. You don’t own me, my lord. You cannot hurt me.”

His frown deepened. “I merely hoped to assist you. Forgive me if I have offended,” he said softly. At that, she could only blink. He’d done it again. By acting in the complete opposite manner than she was accustomed from a man, he’d thrown her and the whole ghastly situation off balance.

“Lauretta is not in the bedchamber. I cannot imagine where she has disappeared to,” Olivia blurted out as she hurried over to them, which Elsbeth dearly wished she hadn’t. She was hoping to keep Lauretta’s disappearance private.

“Am I interrupting something?” Olivia asked, as her gaze landed on Edgeware’s hands and how they were trapping Elsbeth’s arms.

“Not exactly,” Edgeware said and cleared his throat. He let his hold slip away, leaving Elsbeth feeling cold, as if she missed his touch. Which didn’t make any sense, and was completely beside the point. She needed to find Lauretta, not fall under this man’s spell. He was, after all, the one who assisted a bounder like Dionysus and a villain like Charlie.

Lawks, it had to be Charlie behind Lauretta’s disappearance! He was punishing her. She was certain of it.

“Charlie,” she said, her gaze frantically searching the ballroom for a glimpse of that devil. “Where is he? Don’t try to protect him, Edgeware.”

The doors leading out to the gardens were open. She gathered up her skirt and started toward them. Any number of unspeakable horrors could befall an unsuspecting young lady in an unlit garden. Lord help her, Charlie would pay dearly if he harmed her sweet, innocent Lauretta.

“What’s going on?” she heard Edgeware ask from behind her.

“Lauretta’s gone missing,” Olivia replied. “Elly must be worried my fool sister has gone and done something rash. She believed herself in love with that milksop Sir Donald, you must know.”

Edgeware grunted. “And what has Charlie to do with this?”

A shiver traveled up Elsbeth’s spine. The worrying edge in Edgeware’s voice and the undeniable fact that he was determined to follow along continued to unsettle her.

“I cannot imagine why she’s searching for Mr. Purbeck. Perhaps he has seen Lauretta?”

“Doubtful. Our most accommodating hostess, Lady Waver, wished to accompany her daughter home. I sent Charlie to escort them in my carriage. He’s been gone for a little over an hour and I don’t expect he’ll return before for least another quarter hour.”

* * * *

Elsbeth stopped abruptly and turned back around. Her eyes sparkled with an angry brilliance rivaling the purest blue sapphires as she stared fixedly at Nigel. “If not Charlie, then who has stolen my Lauretta?” she demanded.

Stolen Lauretta? She’d suspected Charlie, harmless Charlie, of debauchery? But why? Charlie had claimed to be so chummy with her—like brother and sister. Could these accusations of abduction be sparked by a growing romantic attachment?

By a womanish jealously?

“Well?” she pressed. “This is your house party, Edgeware. Whom should I suspect?”

He mentally ticked off the names of the male guests in his head. Sir Donald had been seen leading the lovely Lady Constance into the gardens. George and his brother were still in the ballroom. Severin was—for the life of him, Nigel could not remember the last time he’d seen Severin.

“Severin, what are you up to?”

“Lord Ames?” Elsbeth gasped, and looked ready to throw daggers.

Damnation, he must have said the last aloud.

“I assure you, Lord Ames is as trustworthy as they come.” She didn’t appear convinced. Wringing her hands again, she made a beeline toward the stairs that led toward the center of the house.

Nigel gave instructions to a nearby footman before following after her. Soon, nearly half the manor’s staff were discretely searching the serpentine halls for Lady Lauretta and Lord Ames.

It would only be a matter of time before one or both of them would be found. Nigel caught up to Elsbeth and told her just that. Even so, she insisted on forging ahead with her own search. In the shadowy light of Purbeck Manor’s back staircase, they formed an unspoken partnership. Together they searched, methodically opening doors along a rather long and dimly lit hallway. With each step, Elsbeth’s shoulders bound up tighter and tighter.

“She’ll soon be found, and she will be found safe,” he said. “I promise that.”

She released the door handle she was holding and chewed her bottom lip. She tilted her head up toward him. “I know you don’t mean me any harm. I mean—” she said and stopped, frowning. “The Baneshire family doesn’t need another scandal. If this were to get out—”

“No one will ever learn of this.” He crossed the hallway and drew her into his arms. “I won’t allow it.”

He felt her muscles loosen as she snuggled against his chest. Her arms tentatively reached around him until she was holding onto him as if for dear life.

“I should never allow myself to feel safe while alone in a hallway with a man,” she whispered against his neck. “But with you, I do.”

“You are painfully safe with me,” he said with a groan. For all the world he wanted to kiss her, but he held back. Men frightened her. That he was beginning to understand only too well…and it was beginning to appear as if her unhappy marriage to the Earl of Mercer was at the root of that fear.

She gazed up at him and, with a halting motion, ran the tips of her fingers along the side of his face. “You’re different from the others, I think. You’re rather like a pleasant dream on the verge of wakefulness, not quite understood yet comforting.” She blinked back a bright sheen of tears that had flooded her eyes. “If only I could just wake up into a dream and know that Lauretta is safely tucked into her bed and that my social ruin and…and…my marriage were nothing more than ghastly figments of an overactive imagination.”

What she needed more than his passion or his lust was his strength. So he tightened his arms around her. “I’m right here. And you can trust that I’ll do everything in my power to make your life whole again.”

Holding her near and not acting on his desires was torture. She was too real, too close. She broke through all his carefully laid barriers, and this time he couldn’t ignore it. He covered her mouth with his and fed her the strength of his longing…and Dionysus’s longing. The erotic energy that had been nipping between them swirled into a liquid heat, rising up through them as their lips mated.

She pressed her body against the length of him, molding to him. Her soft lips parted at the pressure of his tongue and she moaned when he slowly explored past her lips.

He guided her until she was pressed up against a wall. He planted his hands on the plaster just above her head to keep his hands from roaming over her body. As difficult as it proved to be, he kept a tight rein over his desires, afraid he might frighten her flaring passion away.

And it was passion, as alive and hot as his own, that answered his exploring kisses. She nipped his bottom lip. Dear Lord, who was this woman in his arms? She was nothing like the feminine ideal of perfection that had lingered in his dreams for nearly a decade. This woman was real.

“I wouldn’t dare trade this moment for even the sweetest dream in the world,” he whispered. Immediately he knew he’d made a tactical mistake. She peeled her lips from his. The passion that had been so real a moment ago was gone.

“Lauretta.” She wiggled away from the wall. The dreamy passion in her eyes had been replaced with panic. “We have to find her.”

“Of course.” His lower half was screaming for him not to give up so easily. He was being ruled by lust and had started this seduction in the hallway even though he’d known finding Lauretta was their priority. “As I already promised,” he said tightly. They continued down the rather quiet, narrow corridor, each resuming the task of opening doors on either side. “I won’t ignore this attraction between us.”

“Later, we will discuss this—” Elsbeth gasped. “Lauretta!”

Nigel peered over her shoulder into his portrait gallery in time to see Severin pull away from Lauretta and jump to his feet. Even in the yellowy light, Nigel could see how the young woman’s lips were as swollen as Elsbeth’s and her cheeks brightened from Severin’s skilled kisses.

“Severin?” he said, his temper building in concert with Elsbeth’s agitation. “Do you care to explain yourself?”

“Do not speak,” Elsbeth said, throwing her arms wide. “I cannot bear to hear your voice.” She paused just long enough to scowl at Nigel. “Or yours, my lord.”

Severin backed quickly away while Elsbeth approached as assuredly as a harridan with a weapon. Without another word, she snatched Lauretta up from the small bench in the middle of the gallery and bustled her out the door.

Nigel followed until Elsbeth turned a corner. He then returned to the gallery and closed the door behind him.

“So, Severin.” He crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Tell me. Do your tastes now run toward young innocent maidens?”

Severin, intelligent man, seemed to sense the danger he faced and took a step back. “Really, Edgeware, this isn’t what you think. We were merely discussing art and artists.”

* * * *

Elsbeth paced her bedchamber. A silvery moon sent a chilling beam through the floor-to-ceiling window. She’d sent Olivia and Lauretta to their beds in the adjoining room without allowing Lauretta to explain herself or her actions.

She didn’t care to know, for whatever had happened, which didn’t appear to extend beyond a few kisses, was not nearly as bad as what could have happened. And what could have happened was what had Elsbeth worried.

Charlie, Dionysus, and Lord Ames, they were all dangerous in their own way. And, as was proved tonight, they were dangerous not only to herself but also to those closest to her. Attending this house party without the protection of her uncle was beyond foolhardy. She couldn’t protect Olivia or Lauretta from those men. She should have never thought she could. Years of marriage should have taught her better.

When, in the past six years, had she ever proven she could protect herself from the men in her life? When?

Even now, even after Edgeware had boldly declared for a second time his intention of seducing her, she felt her resolve slipping. His words, his touch, his blasted presence was driving her out of her mind. Only an hour ago, he’d nearly brought her to her knees with wanting him, and she hadn’t a clue how he’d managed it. Something about him made her feel young and innocent again, as if the child who’d once blindly fallen in love with Dionysus’s paintings had miraculously sprang back to life.

She stopped her pacing and stood at the window, gazing out into the darkness. A shadow crossed in front of a row of trees. She frowned.

There were too many intrigues going on in this accursed place, too many opportunities for mischief.

She should leave. That’s what she needed to do, escape. At first light she planned to see that Olivia and Lauretta’s belongings were packed up. By mid-morning they should be well on their way back to London. Her fingers involuntarily curled around the oval locket hanging around her neck. But she hadn’t needed the reminder.

Dionysus.

He was still out there. And despite Edgeware’s assurances, he was still a threat to the Baneshire family.

Tonight.

She lit a candle and pulled a wrapper on over her thin nightrail. Tonight, she would have her proof.





Chapter Thirteen

Sleep would be impossible. Nigel wasn’t even going to try. He shrugged off his evening coat and tore at the knot of his cravat until it fell free. Damnation! He flexed his stiff hand before undoing the buttons on his waistcoat. He’d punched Severin for no better reason than for causing a moment of embarrassment in front of Elsbeth—his paragon of perfection.

A sudden urge to paint overcame him. But he couldn’t give in to it, not while the house was bursting with guests. He wandered to the window, instead, and pressed his sore fist against the pane. Being so near her and yet so distant, was tearing holes into his sanity.

What the bloody hell?

In the moonlight, he watched as a shadowy figure darted from the garden path toward the cliffs.

Now there was a problem he knew exactly how to handle. He retrieved his pistol from a small wooden box sitting atop his dressing table. Come morning, he’d have one less problem.

* * * *

Elsbeth eased the door to Lord Edgeware’s study open and held a small candle aloft as she poked her head into the room.

There was a stillness. A safe, undeniably empty, stillness.

She slipped inside, nudging the door closed behind her with the toe of her slipper. A few embers smoldered behind the fire grate casting a deep red glow into the room. She went straight to a large oak desk that was in front of a bank of windows and gave the top drawer a tug.

It didn’t budge. The whole desk had been locked up nice and tight. Not even a scrap of paper had been left sitting out on its shiny top. Undeterred, she set the candle on the floor near a keyhole and fiddled in her hair a moment, quickly finding a pin. Her husband had once snatched a hairpin from her hair and had used it to open the household liquor cabinet after she had hidden away its key. He’d made it look so easy, his fingers nimbly working the mechanism until a faint snap had signaled his success.

She felt fairly confident she could copy her late husband’s actions. After all, he’d never really been all that clever.

Crouching down behind the desk, she slipped the pin into the lock and fiddled with it, with absolutely no idea what she should expect to happen.

“Gracious,” she muttered aloud and sat back on her heels. “This is harder than it looks.”

The door swung open. She moved fast, snuffing the candle as she dove behind the desk.

“Come out from there.” Edgeware’s voice tore through the room. She remained perfectly still, praying he’d just leave. “I know someone is in here. I saw the candlelight from under the door and I heard your voice.” Edgeware sighed. “If you don’t show yourself, I vow you won’t leave this room unscathed.”

“Pray don’t hurt me,” she said very quietly as she rose from her hiding place.

“Elsbeth?”

“Though you have every right to—”

“What in the world—?”

“—do whatever you choose. You caught me in the act. I was breaking into your desk.” She cast a soulful glance down at her hairpin still sticking out of the lock.

“You were robbing me?”

“Not very well, mind you. Perhaps if I had more time. You see, it had looked so easy when my husband had—”

“Money?” He stepped into the room and passed in front of a moonlit glass-paned door. His shirt was open at the chest and he was wearing a dressing gown instead of his coat. “Are you in need of money?”

“You see, he had once picked a lock with a hairpin and…what?”

“I said—” he took another step toward her so that only the desk stood between them “—are you in need of money? You have but to ask. I am your servant in this and in anything else you desire.”

“Money? You thought I would rob you?”

He leaned over the desk and stared at the lock she’d been working. “Why else would you want to pry open the drawer that holds my strongbox?”

“Certainly not to rob you!”

Edgeware smiled at that. “Then why?”

She fought an urge to scream. “Because of Dionysus, blast it all! Because I need to know who he is! I need to know why he torments me. Why does he wish to ruin my life?”

His smile faded and his eyes grew dark, as dark and frightening as the bleakest of nights. “As I have already told you, he has never wished you harm, Elsbeth. I swear it.”

“That tells me nothing.” She bent down and plucked the hairpin from the lock and the unlit candle from the floor.

Edgeware circled the desk, blocking her escape. He spread his arms wide. “Then, I fear, I can tell you nothing.”

Oh, how she wished he would confide in her. No matter how hard she fought it, she felt drawn to him. They would make a good team. Together they could stop Dionysus from ruining any more lives. And, perhaps, they could share more kisses.

She quickly turned away and caught sight of a small marble status bathed in a pale beam of moonlight. The statue, sitting atop a round pillar in the far corner of the room, was of Dionysus, the Greek god of wine and ecstasy. The lithe figure reclined against a marble rock outcropping, his head thrown back, a lyre about to slip from his fingers. A diamond tear sparkled on the stone god’s cheek.

Dionysus, a myth known for his eternal pursuit of life’s pleasures, was a tragic figure really. Like Edgeware, Dionysus’s mother had died at his birth. Elsbeth had forgotten, until that moment, the stories her governess had read to her about the god. A god who’d not been accepted in either the realm of Olympus, or in the world of mortals.

“A mystic wanderer doomed. All whom he loved was destined to share in his tragic fate,” she mouthed, trying to remember something she’d once read. Something important, but then a hand caressed her jaw, turning her face back toward Edgeware until she was trapped in his penetrating gaze.

“I only seek to restore your reputation,” he said. “I will do everything in my power to protect you and your relatives from the sharp tongues wagging through the ton. Beyond that, I-I—”

He faltered, seemingly at a loss for words. He closed the distance between them. His warm hand, the hand still cupping her cheek, traced a line slowly across her jaw until his fingers could curl around the nape of her neck.

She felt her senses flee. She licked her lips, and her eyelids grew heavy with desire for this mysteriously gentle man.

“Oh hell, Elsbeth,” he whispered a moment before he kissed her. Her passion reawakened from the madness they’d shared in the hallway just a few hours ago. It stirred a dormant part of her heart. A lonely, aching need she could no longer deny.

She leaned into his chest and snaked her arms around his waist as she parted her lips. Her mind was surprisingly silent. She couldn’t think; she could only feel. She could only drink in how his touch, his caress brought life to her most intimate parts.

He helped her push away his shirt and she rained kisses on his bare chest, quickly becoming drunk from his sweet scent, that welcome mix of almonds and sage. His hands explored her body. He was slow and patient with her as he pushed away her wrapper to trace her shape through the thin nightrail she wore beneath. With a satisfied sigh, she reached out for him, feeling desperate to touch him. His muscles were taut, his skin smooth.

This was like a dream, a distant dream she’d long forgotten. “Yes,” she whispered, instinctively knowing how the scene was to play out, and knowing not to fear it.

Agile fingers unlaced the top of her nightrail and bared her breasts. Each round globe felt particularly heavy and wanton. He dipped his head and took a nipple between his teeth, suckling until she thought she might cry out. A vibrating heat filled her chest and spread low in her belly and high in her legs.

With his thigh he gently pushed her legs apart.

“Elsbeth, I have waited too long for this.” His smoldering gaze spoke to her in a way only Dionysus’s paintings had ever done. She longed to ease his suffering. And ease her own aching need as well.

He pushed her skirt up while fumbling with the front of his trousers. “This isn’t how it’s supposed to happen, dove,” he said between deep kisses where their tongues were given the chance to play. “There should be flowers, music…at least a bed.” His fingers parted her nether curls. His touch was warm and gentle with her delicate flesh.

“Relax,” he whispered, stroking her deeply between her legs until she thought she might melt into nothing at his feet. “Just feel.”

Her breathing hitched. Awareness of her body—of how he was stroking her, touching her in her most delicate of places—exploded with a flash of bright colors. Her budding heat pulled and strained against his touch in such a pleasing manner she opened her legs wider. And then desire took over. She traced her finger down his chest and daringly reached into his unfastened trousers to caress him.

Slowly, he withdrew from her until only his lips touched hers, breaking the contact she had learned to crave.

“The door,” he whispered and gave her a quick kiss. He was only gone a moment. But it felt like a lifetime. He hurried across the room and pushed the door closed. He then fumbled with the key in the lock. But before he could turn it, the wretched key slipped out of his hand, bounced across the oriental carpet and disappeared under the heavy desk. She’d never seen him look so harassed. He drew a ragged breath. He’d probably come to the same conclusion she had. They’d have a devil of a time finding the key in the dim moonlight.

“Everyone is abed.” She reached out to him. “Surely, we are safe.”

With him, she felt uncommonly safe. His body was trembling with need by the time he pulled her back into his arms. She grabbed his shoulders and held on to him, silently begging for him to give her more.

He answered by positioning the wide tip of his manhood at her opening and pushing deep into her with one smooth stroke. She’d always been small, tight. Her body stretched to accommodate him. Though he was stretching her to her limit, she welcomed his fullness, a swelling of sensations more fantastic than before. A fullness that felt natural.

The tip of his tongue eased her mouth open, urging her to breathe. He pulled out and pressed back in again, moving slowly and rhythmically massaging her sensitive flesh.

“Oh my,” Elsbeth moaned. It had never been quite like this. She had never even dreamed…

His motions grew more urgent. He filled her over and over until she was sure she could take no more. She cried out, her muscles trembling as she rode wave after wave of pleasure until she sank into his arms, feeling more relaxed than ever and unable to catch her breath.

He kissed her forehead, her nose, her chin, and then slipped from between her legs. “Next time,” he whispered, sounding as breathless as she, “we should definitely have a bed nearby.”

The mere thought of repeating that miracle set her legs quivering anew. Her eyes slipped closed as she held on to his strong shoulders and waited to wake up from what had to have been her most vivid dream ever.

His lips found hers again and she lost herself in his touch. Her life would never be the same again. Nothing would ever be the same, nothing would ever be so—

An angry fist knocked sharply against the study’s heavy wooden door. “Lord Edgeware!” a woman shouted. “La, I hope you’re in there. This is really most unacceptable. There is a man lurking outside the—” Lady Dashborough pushed open the study’s door and gasped. “What-what-what is the meaning of this?”





Chapter Fourteen

With his hand inside her wrapper, cupping her breast, his other hand tangled in her hair, and her nightrail hiked up about her waist there was no hope of pretending that what they’d just been caught doing was anything other than what it looked like.

Elsbeth jerked free of Edgeware’s embrace, pushed her skirt down, and pulled her wrapper closed as priggishly as possible. Still, her cheeks flamed the moment her gaze met the sharp scrutiny of Lady Dashborough, who had a brightly lit four-stem candelabrum held high over her head.

What a pretty pair they must have made. Her, dressed in her flimsy nightclothes with only a sheer wrapper for coverage. Edgeware, dressed without a coat or cravat, his shirt open, nearly torn off, revealing a goodly portion of his chest. And—Elsbeth’s blush grew hotter—his trousers hung open, unbuttoned. Yes, what a pretty gossip they had just handed to Lady Dashborough.

“My lord,” the good matron said after a sharp intake of air, “not only are suspicious men roaming your grounds. There is this. You must now understand why I was worried about letting my daughters cavort with such a…such a…hoyden.” She waved her arm in the general direction of Elsbeth. “Or has she woven her wiles so tightly around you that you’re blinded to the beast she truly is?”

Edgeware appeared to be having a bit of trouble gaining his wits. He cleared his throat several times while setting his clothes to right.

“My lady—” he implored only to be interrupted.

“I demand, Lord Edgeware, yes, demand, that you remove this thing from your house first thing in the morning. I would say sooner, but I am a charitable lady with charitable feelings toward the ladies Olivia and Lauretta. What damage their association with such an immoral—”

“My lady,” Edgeware nearly shouted, “you do not understand the situation!”

Elsbeth’s jittery attentions snapped toward him. How could he expect to convince Lady Dashborough that she was mistaken in what she had clearly seen?

“Not understand?” Lady Dashborough’s chin shot up toward the ceiling. “How can that be possible? What I saw was a woman with a history of questionable morals using her charms to ignite your lust.”

Edgeware chuckled nervously. “You see, my lady. This is where you are mistaken. It is my charm that has won the rather proper Lady Mercer over. For, I’m delighted to announce that—” he cleared his throat and gave Elsbeth a blazing smile “—the enchanting lady has just agreed to be my wife. What you saw was my expression of gratitude for her acceptance to my suit.”

Wife? The room began to spin. “But I must never marry again.” What was the dark lord doing? Why was he stealing away her freedom? What possible use could he have for her?

He didn’t know.

“Elsbeth?”

He surely didn’t know.

“Elsbeth? Breathe, my little dove.”

Two strong arms supported her.

“Sit her in this chair, my lord. She looks ready to faint. Your charms have overwhelmed her, no doubt. You are a very charming man,” Lady Dashborough said.

Elsbeth sank into a leather chair and cradled her dizzy head in her hands. A warm hand rubbed her back heartily.

This was foolish, and she never accounted herself acting a fool. She drew in a deep breath and slowly straightened her spine. She had to blink several times to clear away the blurriness.

“I say,” Lady Dashborough quickly spoke up, “I would imagine any respectable young lady would be overwhelmed by your suit, Edgeware. Your interests undoubtedly have near to killed a woman of Lady Mercer’s standing.” She clicked her tongue.

Elsbeth, feeling as if she was plodding through a murky dream, turned her head away from Lady Dashborough’s pained smile to focus on the hand now covering hers. She blinked.

“You cannot mean…I mean, my lord, surely you were jesting.” She drew a steadying breath. “And such a thing to jest about.”

He didn’t know. How could she possibly tell him?

“Lady Dashborough,” she said, her voice strong and clear. She rose from the chair. “Lord Edgeware is jesting. There is no engagement, only an indiscretion as you first suspected. I assure you, it was not planned.”

A sly smile spread on the lovely matron’s face. “Of course. How could I have thought otherwise? The ton will be very interested to know how the leopard has failed to change her spots.” She raised her hand. “No, Lord Edgeware, don’t you dare ply me with your threats. I’m willing to weather a minor scandal to protect others from this beast.”

“Threats?” Elsbeth asked.

“Threats?” Edgeware sounded perfectly innocent. “I cannot imagine to what you are referring. As for the engagement, I vow it is true.” He grabbed Elsbeth’s hand and cradled it against his chest. “My sweet dove, you cannot insist it be kept secret. You see, Lady Dashborough, her family is not yet aware of the arrangement. And then there is the matter of the marriage settlement and solicitors to be consulted. Of course, she insists she speak with her uncle before a formal announcement is made.”

“I see,” Lady Dashborough said, eyeing them both far too closely.

“Lord Edgeware—” Elsbeth began, ready to present him with a royal scolding. She had no desire to be party to his fiction.

“Hush, my dove,” he pressed a finger to her lips—lips that felt shamefully swollen—before she could utter her first protest. “She is adamant about the secrecy, I am afraid.”

“No, my dear,” Lady Dashborough said. Her eyes flashed in the candlelight. “This will not do. You cannot expect to suppress the news of the Marquess’s engagement. He is much too important. This move will come as a great shock to the matrons who have been busily grooming their daughters for him.” With that, Lady Dashborough took up her candelabrum and swept from the room.

“Sir!” Elsbeth rounded on the dark lord, her tiny fists pressing painfully against her hips. “What have you done?”

* * * *

What had he done indeed?

Nigel’s insides stirred with an unsettling mix of delight and terror. Certainly what he had just done would be very difficult to undo.

“I believe you should consider yourself engaged, madam,” he said, his words clipped and sharp. Anger against himself boiled over onto Elsbeth. “I have told you this several times before. I am prepared to do anything…anything to restore you and your relatives’ reputations in the eyes of society.”

“I never asked for this kind of help. Gracious, I believe I would rather seek the assistance of a footpad.”

“That can be arranged!” he shouted and charged from the room, muttering curses against Elsbeth, the rigid society they lived in and its damned rules, and himself.

Especially himself.





Chapter Fifteen

“You did what?”

Nigel was lounging against a brick wall with his arms crossed against his chest. He kicked a pebble lying in the middle of the walk, sending it skittering across the slate stones. The day promised to be a warm one.

He’d spent the morning with George, searching the grounds for intruders. After his surprise engagement the night before, he’d forgotten, until that morning, all about the shadowy figure both he and Lady Dashborough had seen prowling the grounds. By that time, no traces of mischief could be found. And even though his life depended on catching that bold, nameless interloper, he had a devil of a time keeping his mind on such matters.

“I believe you heard me,” he said, snarling.

“Yes, yes, I heard you.” George waved a hand in the air. “I just don’t understand why. Why tie yourself to Lady Mercer? Certainly you’ve heard the rumors about her. Her reputation was teetering on a sharp edge even before Dionysus’s painting of her emerged. Lord Mercer was a depraved maniac, and many believe his wife picked up several of his worst habits. Society matrons were inviting her to their teas and parties to see for themselves what kind of mad woman he’d created.”

Doubt flickered in Nigel’s mind. Hadn’t Elsbeth admitted to learning how to pick a lock from her husband? What else had Mercer taught his innocent dove? It was a disturbing enough thought to imagine Elsbeth having anything to do with the brute. He especially shied away from picturing her learning the secrets of the marriage bed from him. The image roiled his stomach.

“It was the only way I could think to protect her from that viper Lady Dashborough.”

“Blast it all, Edgeware, I never took you for a fool, but this…this is unbelievable. Lady Mercer is not your responsibility. What she and that rogue Dionysus did…well, that was her decision. Her responsibility. It’s not as if she’s some young innocent too stupid to know her own mind.”

Nigel pushed up from the wall he’d been leaning against. “That is quite enough,” he said, and stalked down the daisy-lined path back toward the manor.

“Damn and blast, Edgeware,” George called after him, “don’t run away from your friends. You’ll doubtlessly need all the help you can get to not muck this up!”

* * * *

“Elly, why ever didn’t you tell us?” Olivia, trailed by a beaming Lauretta, rushed into the bedchamber and hugged Elsbeth where she sat at her dressing table, busily pulling her hair into a severe topknot.

“We’re ever so happy for you,” Lauretta said.

Elsbeth batted her cousin’s arms away. “The rumor of our engagement is a mistake, a horrid mistake. I have no intention of marrying Lord Edgeware or anyone else for that matter.”

“I don’t understand,” Lauretta said.

“I mean…” Oh, why couldn’t there be just one happy ending for her? But no, her heart had been betrayed once and she had vowed long ago to protect that tender organ from further damage. Even if it meant being doomed to live each day with Edgeware’s passion seared onto her soul while still keeping him out of her life. “I mean I will not marry,” she said very softly.

He would be relieved. No man would wish to be forced into a marriage, especially not a confirmed bachelor like Edgeware. “I cannot marry anyone. And when the Marquess learns the truth of the matter, he will most assuredly agree.”

Olivia sank down onto a little bench beside the dressing table and pried Elsbeth’s fingers from the locket she was clutching. “You mean…?” Her cousin blushed. “Surely, he won’t hold that against you.”

“Whatever do you mean, Olivia?” Lauretta asked.

Olivia’s blush deepened. “Never you mind.” With a sharp tug, she pulled Elsbeth to her feet. “And what in blazes do you have on, Elly?”

Elsbeth briefly glanced at the dark gray gown. The material was heavy and the drab color did terrible things to her complexion, making her skin look dreadfully pale and splotchy.

“It is a suitable gown for a woman of my status. Half-mourning, I believe, is very proper.”

“Papa and Mama have both told you that you are too young to mourn a husband for the rest of your life. You need to remarry.”

“If I were to get such a marriage proposal, you would find me dressed in my happiest, brightest, yellow gown,” Lauretta said wistfully. Poor heart-broken Lauretta. No wonder she’d fallen prey to the dastardly Lord Ames so easily.

Olivia, flitting from man to man, leading the hapless gentlemen on a merry chase while guarding her heart, would be a good role model for her sister to follow.

“We have no time to dawdle,” Elsbeth said, her fingers nervously pushing the unruly strands of hair that had fallen from her topknot back into place. “Your maids should be along any minute to help with the packing.”

“Packing?” both Lauretta and Olivia cried.

“Packing.” Elsbeth said firmly. “There is too much going on at this house party that I do not approve. We, girls, are to be on the road back to London by noon.”

Elsbeth turned a deaf ear to her cousin’s cries of protests. She had another matter to settle before they could leave. “I will return shortly. I have put off confronting Lord Edgeware and his misguided idea of marriage for quite long enough.”

* * * *

“Have you gone and lost your bloody mind?”

“Good morning Uncle Charles,” Nigel said as his uncle stormed into Nigel’s study and slammed the door closed behind him. Nigel had been standing at the glass-paneled door, looking out into the housekeeper’s small physic garden. Pale lavender flowers waved at him in the warm morning breeze. “Pleasant morning, is it not? I believe I’ll take a ride. Would you care to join me?”

“Do not try to turn the subject, my boy.”

“I had not realized a subject had been raised. Pray tell me, to what were we speaking?”

“You’re trying my anger, boy. I have no patience for your pale attempts at humor this morning. Not after hearing how you plan to tie yourself to that harridan.”

“You speak of Lady Mercer?”

“She is most unsuitable for a marchioness.”

“Unsuitable?” He raised a brow at that. “She was once married to an earl.”

“Exactly! You should marry a virgin! Not a woman with such loose morals that you’d never know if her child was yours or not.”

Nigel closed his eyes and drew a slow, steady breath. Arguing with his uncle rarely accomplished anything. He unclasped his hands and flexed his numb fingers. His uncle no longer had a hold on his future. And though he had every right to express his opinion, his uncle’s thoughts were just that, opinions.

And those opinions weren’t going to change his mind…at least, not where Elsbeth was concerned.

“Uncle Charles,” he said as he turned around. A tremor of anger hardened his voice. “I appreciate your concern. But my mind is quite set.” He knew he was playing with a very hot fire. His uncle could be a brutal man. But he had to stand up for himself or else risk losing control over his own affairs once again. “Lady Mercer is going to become my wife.”

“Gracious, Father, I could hear your voice all the way down the hall,” Charlie said as he slipped into the study, closing the door behind him.

“My brother, your father, entrusted me with your care. He entrusted me to see that the family name continued to be respected.” Uncle Charles said a bit more sedately now that young Charlie was in the room. He glanced briefly at his son and gave him a quick smile. “Nigel, I cannot believe you would willingly disgrace our title by breeding your sons on an inferior woman. There are plenty of pretty, young ladies more suitable for the task.”

“Father,” Charlie said quietly, his gaze trained on Nigel. “I don’t believe my cousin understands the truth of the matter.”

“I understand everything I need to know. There is no woman better suited to the position of marchioness than Lady Mercer.” He turned back to look out into the garden, wishing his uncle and cousin would simply disappear, knowing they would not.

“I agree with you, Nige,” Charlie said. “A man would have to search long and hard to find the equal to our Elly.”

He cringed at Charlie’s familiarity with Elsbeth’s name. “She is Lady Mercer to you.”

“My pardon, Nige…No, Father,” Charlie said quickly, “hear me out. As much as I love her, I cannot recommend Lady Mercer for marriage.”

The muscles in Nigel’s shoulders tightened. He wasn’t about to let anyone, especially not Charlie who appeared to know far too much about Elsbeth’s personal life, speak against her.

“Sit down, Nige,” Charlie said gravely.

Nigel refused, not wanting to abandon his spot at the window, the very spot where he and Elsbeth had shared an intimate and completely life-changing moment. He would fight to the death to protect that exquisite memory. “You won’t change my mind.”

Charlie’s confidence seemed to waver. “This is something Elly would not wish you to know. But if you confront her with this, I’d wager she would not lie to you.”

“Yes?” Nothing Charlie could say would change his determination to marry Elsbeth.

“You see.” Charlie lowered his voice. “Despite Elly’s good attributes, she is quite—”

* * * *

Elsbeth stood outside Edgeware’s study. A footman had directed her here, claiming she’d be able to find his lordship within. She raised her hand to knock when she heard voices.

Several voices.

She hesitated. Perhaps she shouldn’t interrupt. What she had to discuss with Edgeware was very personal. She would die—simply die—if he demanded she blurt out in front of others her very logical reason they could not be married.

She stepped away from the door. She’d come back later…when he was alone.

Later? How much later? She needed to get her cousins on their way back to London without delay. The ride to London would take nearly two days. She didn’t wish to waste the morning waiting for Edgeware to find himself unencumbered by guests.

He would simply have to make time for her now. She would demand he see her in private. This sham of an engagement was of his making. Indeed, she shouldn’t be the one to be inconvenienced.

Her fist hammered out three sharp raps on the wooden door.

The sound of voices on the other side abruptly stopped. She held her breath and waited. An eternity seemed to pass before the door swung open.

Edgeware stood not a foot from her, his dark eyes glittering with anger. He was a demon. She’d not been mistaken about him so many days ago when he’d forced her out of the freezing rains and into his carriage. He was a demon fresh from hell, sent to earth to punish her for her unfaithful heart.

“I wish to have a word with you,” she said. Her voice sounded tight and unnaturally high. She quickly cleared her throat. “What I mean, my lord, is I demand to have a word with you. In private. Now.”

His formidable features softened a touch before he glanced over his shoulder. She followed his gaze and set eyes on the two Charles Purbecks, both the younger and the elder, who were frowning sharply at her.

“Please do excuse me. I believe I have heard quite enough,” he said to his relatives and turned back to Elsbeth. A strange light sparkled in his eyes as he stared down on her, assessing her. “If you care to follow me, my lady,” he said, “I know of a place where you may speak to me privately.”

She readily accepted his hand, more than a little anxious to get this difficult situation behind her as soon as possible.

“What a practical gown,” he said as they strolled out into the estate’s vast gardens. “The color isn’t quite right for your fair complexion, but the fabric must be soft and sturdy.” His gaze was still trained on the path before them. “Such a gown would be useful to a marchioness. The running of an efficient household, as you must know, involves much more than ordering servants about from a chaise in the parlor.”

She gave a curt nod. Though she agreed with him on the involvement required of the lady of an estate, she wasn’t at all comfortable with how he believed her becoming his marchioness was such a certainty.

“Pray tell me, my lord,” she asked after they had walked quite a distance, passing neatly manicured beds that flowed into a more natural pasture of elegant flowers, and worked their way through a rather nasty patch of flowering brambles. “Where are you taking me?”

The dark home wood loomed just ahead. The shadowed forest promised to be too ominous for her nerves. She would never tempt her fate by agreeing to accompany a man into such a secluded location. Even with a man she felt as safe with as Edgeware.

“Why, my lady,” he said, matching her formal tone, “you wished to seek out privacy. As you must already know, one must travel far and sacrifice much in order to find such an illusive treasure.”

He skipped over a root that had pushed up onto the path.

“This is quite far enough. I don’t wish to go into the woods with you, sir. I will not.”

“And you needn’t venture into the dangerous wilderness, my lady. Come, we are nearly there.” He took her hand and led her off the slate path and through a field of tall grasses. The ground sloped down. Soon, she heard the melodic tinkling of water.

At the edge of the tall grass stood a grand oak tree, its branches so massive the lower limbs hovered mere inches above the ground. A pebbly brook meandered around the base of the oak’s great trunk. Light streamed through the oak branches, making Elsbeth feel as if she were being showered by sunbeams.

Edgeware pulled out a handkerchief and gave the cloth an elaborate shake before he carefully placed it on one of the tree’s low-slung branches. “Please, do sit,” he said.

The branch gently rocked under her weight. The height was no different than a bench and just as comfortable, which made her uneasy. She hadn’t accompanied Edgeware deep into his garden for pleasure, and comfort was the last thing she desired.

“Now, what did you wish to speak to me about?” He had stepped back to the edge of the grass and stood there watching her. That strange look still making his eyes glitter. “I have never before brought another soul to this place…my place. I daresay no one else knows of its existence.”

The clearing, the small area beneath the large oak, was indeed an Eden. A cricket chirped and several toads answered. It felt almost as if she’d stepped into one of Dionysus’s landscapes.

Oh, how that painter, that monster, had damaged her heart. If only Edgeware was willing to point the way to the mysterious bastard. She might even be willing to marry the dark lord in exchange for Dionysus’s name.

Blinking away the mist in her eyes, she steeled herself to the task she had set before herself. “My lord—”

“Nigel,” he interrupted. “I believe, under the circumstances, you should call me Nigel.”

Of course she couldn’t bring herself to do so. “Yes,” she drawled. She stood. “I cannot marry you.” Before he could protest, she raised her hand. “I cannot marry you or anyone else for that matter. Even if I wished it, marriage to me would not be fair to you.”

“Not fair? What do you mean?” He paled—frighteningly—several shades.

“Please, sir, I beg you hear me out.”

“Nothing you can say will convince me to withdraw my proposal. And do not forget, your reputation—”

“Please, my lord,” she said sharply. Her cheeks flamed. Admitting the truth aloud was proving harder than she initially imagined.

“Nothing you can tell me will change my—”

“I was married for nearly six years,” she said more loudly than she intended. Edgeware was startled into silence. “Six long years, I was married to the Earl of Mercer.” She swallowed hard. “There were no children, my lord. In six years, there were no children born.”

“I don’t see—”

“He wasn’t a monk—”

A sharp pop ricocheted through the dark woods. Edgeware leapt toward her.

“My God. Someone is shooting at us.” He took her hand in his and tugged her arm. “We aren’t safe. Not even here.”

Elsbeth, too shocked to move, held her place. She could barely think. She looked down to where she’d instinctively covered the harsh stinging in her side and peeled her hand away.

Blood. Bright, warm blood stained her palm.





Chapter Sixteen

“Jenkins!” Nigel called for his butler, quite surprised he had any air left in his lungs. Every breath strained from the exertion it had taken to run with Elsbeth cradled in his arms all the way back to Purbeck Manor.

Damn it, he should have never taken her to such a secluded place. He should have never led her so far away from the main house, not when someone was plotting to kill him.

She was going to die.

“Jenkins!” he shouted again.

She’d fainted in his arms when he began the mad dash across the fields and through the flowered gardens, taking the most direct path and not minding the delicate blooms crushed under his boot as he charged back to the house. She still hadn’t stirred. Her delicate features were drawn and ashen…almost lifeless.

Taking the stairs two at a time, he continued to call for his mysteriously absent butler.

“What is the matter, Edgeware?” Severin dashed up the stairs from out of nowhere and easily matched Nigel’s stride.

“Shot,” he managed.

“Zounds! Many of the men are out hunting. Must have been a stray bullet. Poor Lady Mercer. Has a doctor been fetched?”

“No.” Nigel kicked open the door to Elsbeth’s bedchamber. “Jenkins!” he shouted again. “My damned butler has gone missing.”

Elsbeth moaned when he lowered her onto the bed. The pained sound twisted inside him, tightening like a vise around his throbbing heart.

“Go down to the stable and find Joshua. Tell him what has happened. Have him ride into town and fetch Doctor Pryor…and the vicar.”

Severin muttered a curse and was gone.

Nigel, too concerned after Elsbeth’s health to give a whit about proprietary, slipped a knife from his boot and sliced open her sturdy gown. That gray color was not good for her anyhow. Which was a silly thought, seeing how there was a chance she might not live to scold him for ruining her dress.

She would live. She would have to live. He simply couldn’t lose her now.

He peeled back the last layer of clothing, a thin chemise that had been white at one time but was now stained red. Blood oozed slowly from an ugly hole in her side. It was blood she couldn’t afford to lose.

He quickly searched the room and found a clean cloth neatly folded in the washbasin. He grabbed it and firmly pressed the cloth against the wound.

“Milord!” a woman screeched from the doorway. A short, stocky dark-haired maid stood frozen at the entrance to the bedchamber. Her face was as pale as Elsbeth’s.

“Come help me,” he ordered. “She is your mistress?”

The maid nodded but remained at the threshold like a terrified rabbit. Her behavior was beyond strange. He would have to instruct Elsbeth to scold her maid.

If she lived.

No, he mustn’t think like that. She would survive this. She would soon become his wife.

The cloth pressed against the bullet wound was quickly becoming saturated with Elsbeth’s blood. “Bring me some fresh linens,” he ordered.

“What have you done to her?” the maid shouted. She charged fully into the room when she saw the fresh blood. She wrapped her hands around Nigel’s neck and tried to pull him away from the bed. “What have you done to my ladyship?”

“Stop this foolishness,” he ordered, prying her sturdy fingers from his flesh. The tiny maid was much stronger than she looked. “Do as I say, woman, and find me some clean linens.”

“Lord Ames told me Elly’s been hurt,” Lady Olivia cried as she rushed through the doorway. She pushed the maid out of her way and made a hasty path to the bed.

“What has happened?” Lady Lauretta demanded as she followed in her sister’s path. “What did Lord Ames say?” She took one look at Elsbeth and stopped in the middle of the room. Her hands flew to her lips.

“Catch Lady Lauretta,” Nigel ordered of the maid.

The maid, thankfully, had regained enough of her wits to grab Lauretta’s arms just as Lauretta began to sink. Using brute strength, she heaved Lauretta into a small chair near the door.

“The linens,” he reminded the maid. Even he recognized the panic in his voice. “I’ll need a stack of them. And then fetch a kettle of hot water from the kitchen.”

“Yes, of course, milord,” she murmured. Lifting her skirts, she ran from the room.

“What has happened?” Lady Olivia whispered as she sat carefully on the edge of the bed and cradled Elsbeth’s hand in her own.

In the fewest number of words possible, Nigel explained the situation.

“Struck by a stray bullet just like my husband,” Elsbeth whispered. Her voice sounded rusty as she choked on a laugh. “Fitting.”

Nigel squeezed her hand. Her eyes had barely opened. “Elsbeth?”

She didn’t answer him.

Some time later, the maid returned and took a position beside Nigel. “She’s in pain,” she said quietly and pressed a small vial of laudanum into his palm.

He gave a nod and carefully measured a few drops of the drug into the glass of water the maid held in her other hand, took the glass, and guided it to Elsbeth’s lips.

“Am I to die?” Elsbeth asked after greedily drinking a goodly portion of the water. There was no emotion in the question. Am I to die?—she had asked as if inquiring whether the cook intended to serve peas or carrots for supper that evening.

He held her hand even more tightly. “No darling, I will not allow it. You are forbidden to do anything of the sort.”

Elsbeth chuckled, sounding weaker with each passing moment. “I don’t believe you can bully death into submission…Nigel. You are not so very terrifying.”

“Where is that damned doctor? Jenkins!” he shouted. Everyone in the room jumped.

Still, no butler appeared.

“I’m not afraid to die, mind you,” she said, scaring the very breath from his chest. “But my side hurts like the devil, and I’m afraid that it may never stop hurting.”

Damn and blast that Jenkins! The lazy sot will be out on his ear before the day’s end, he vowed. And Joshua, what in bloody hell was taking him so long to fetch Doctor Pryor? Were all his servants unfaithful sots?

He was about to go out of his head with worry when Doctor Pryor, an elderly gentleman with a pear-shaped figure, finally ambled into the room.

“Heard there’s been an accident,” he said and then hummed a tuneless note. “Let me have a look. Can’t be as bad as you think, my lord.” He unceremoniously pushed both the maid and Nigel out of his way and then started humming again.

“Lord Ames,” Lady Lauretta cried as Severin came rushing into the room. She rose from her swoon in the chair and was quickly at Severin’s side, petting the side of his face. “What happened to your eye? It’s nearly swollen shut.” She frowned in Nigel’s direction.

There was a purple shadow rimming the underside of Severin’s left eye, true. But considering her cousin suffered a much greater mishap than coming in contact with Nigel’s fist, her concern seemed woefully overdone.

Severin did nothing to discourage Lady Lauretta. He let the poor girl make a fool of herself as she caressed his face and ran her hands up and down his chest in a most inappropriate manner. Nigel was about to step in and separate the two—Elsbeth would want him to act on her behalf and protect her young cousin from disreputable rakes like Severin—but he was diverted by the arrival of George’s brother, Sirius.

Doctor Pryor glanced up from Elsbeth for only a moment. “Ah, Reverend Waver, I enjoyed Sunday’s sermon as always. The thought of taking one loaf and making many in our own lives really gave me something to contemplate. You must come by and join my wife and I for dinner some time this week. She’s been after me to invite you.”

“Vicar.” Nigel took Sirius’s hand in greeting. “Thank you for coming.”

“We’re not in need of his services today, my lord,” Doctor Pryor said. “This young lady has suffered only a flesh wound. The bullet has passed through her side without much damage. As long as we can stave off infection, she’ll be traipsing through the countryside in no time.”

“I am glad to hear I’m not needed after all. Lord Edgeware,” Sirius said with a bow and started toward the door.

Nigel caught his arm. “Wait, Vicar. But you are needed.”

Sirius smiled in that ethereal way of his. “Yes?”

“I insist you perform the marriage ceremony for Lady Mercer and myself. Now. You must marry us right now.”

His words shocked the room into silence.

Only Sirius seemed to take the demand in good stride. “I understand you’re upset over this accident. The lady—” he gave a nod in the direction of the bed “—she is your intended?”

“Yes.” He supposed he would have to submit to answering a few of the vicar’s questions before he could reasonably expect to proceed with the business of marriage.

“I sympathize with your concern, Edgeware, but I don’t see the need for such haste. Have the banns even been read?”

“No, but—”

“Doctor Pryor, is the young woman in any danger of succumbing to her injuries?”

“No, Reverend. We’ll have to keep an eye out for fever and infection. But that won’t happen for a day or two.”

Sirius’s smile deepened. “Now there, see. You have no need to rush.”

“But the danger of infection—” Nigel became suddenly very aware of the other people in the room. He led the vicar out into the hallway. His heart began pounding as he realized no one was going to turn his course. “Something might happen. Even Doctor Pryor admits he cannot be assured of her recovery.” He swallowed hard. “If something were to happen, if she were to…were to…I would want her to have my name.”

Sirius patted him on the shoulder. “Very well. I suppose I could petition the bishop for a special license after the ceremony. Perhaps he will agree with the urgency of the situation.”

Several minutes later Doctor Pryor banned everyone from the room, even Nigel, whom he claimed was hovering far too close. Elsbeth’s cousins left with Severin, saying they would wait in the drawing room. Nigel hesitated at the door. He knew he should follow the ladies to make sure they were properly chaperoned and to make sure the rest of the guests were being properly looked after. But the neatly stacked boxes just outside the door stopped him.

Damnation. Elsbeth had been planning to leave him? She hadn’t been willing to give him the chance to prove to her how much he wanted this marriage? She hadn’t been willing to listen to what he might say?

He suddenly needed to be alone.

He made it halfway down the hall when a small voice called out, “Milord?”

He turned. The stout maid who’d hovered with him at Elsbeth’s bedside marched toward him. “Yes?” he asked.

“You plan to marry my ladyship?”

“Yes, I do.”

The maid wrinkled her nose with displeasure. “My ladyship didn’t seem at all pleased by your suit. She was most upset this morning, she was, fidgeting with everything in sight.”

“She has yet to become accustomed to the idea.” He turned to continue down the hall, but the maid would not let him leave just yet.

“She doesn’t need another blooming man,” she hissed. “She is ’appier now. She is ’appier without a bloomin’ husband. An’ I am ’appier without ’aving to nurse my ladyship back to ’ealth.”

He peeled her hand from his sleeve. “The gunshot wound was an accident.”

“You ’aven’t taken my meaning, milord.” She hesitated. “Lord Mercer—” she lowered her voice “—’e was a monster, ’e was. My lady doesn’t need another man like ’im.”

Nigel’s heart stopped beating. “Another man like him?” he asked slowly.

“He liked to hurt her somethin’ fierce, milord, and far too often. And ’e’d not let me call a surgeon. ’E’d sooner let ’er die than ’elp ’er, ’e’d said.”

Mercer had better be in hell.

“Go back to your lady.” His voice trembled with rage. Damn the false mask of Dionysus. Damn his own failings. He should join Lord Mercer in hell. He should suffer for her marriage to that bastard and the pain he’d unwittingly led his beautiful little dove into.

“Milord?” The maid’s eyes nearly popped out of her head.

“Go!” he ordered, his sanity threatening to crumble. “Help the doctor make her comfortable. I will return to the bedchamber in an hour with the vicar. Do not doubt this. I will marry your lady today.”

* * * *

Elsbeth’s vision swam in and out of focus. She blinked; her eyelids felt as thick as a wool blanket. Her body didn’t feel at all steady. One arm seemed too long, the other too short.

Edgeware was there, caressing her hand.

She furrowed her brows—at least she thought that was what she had done. Edgeware was dressed in a highly ornate light blue coat. She couldn’t fathom why he would be dressed in such finery. His cravat cascaded in a multitude of starched waves. And he looked very, very serious.

Too serious.

Oh…dear. Was she drooling?

They had plied her with laudanum. That was a certainty. As a child she’d once fallen ill with a terrible fever. The doctor had kept pouring the opium concoction down her gullet while bleeding her dry.

She was lucky she had not died.

Unlike now. She must be dying from that silly, stray bullet. Why else would the local vicar be standing beside Nigel, incanting some terribly formal-sounding ceremony? Though she couldn’t seem to make her drowsy mind concentrate on his words for more than a sentence or two, she could tell by his tone that he was performing a ceremony.

“… charge you both, as ye will answer at the dreadful day of judgment when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if either of you know any impediment, why ye may not be lawfully joined together…” his droning words trailed away.

Wait a blessed minute!

The vicar was asking a question…an important question. She really needed to tell him what she had unsuccessfully tried to confess to Nigel earlier under that sprawling oak.

My, that tree was enormous.

No, if those men were discussing the wedding engagement, she really needed to stay sharp.

“I cannot marry Lord Edgeware,” she said. They must have understood her words, which was saying something since she could barely understand her slurred speech herself.

Edgeware sent her a quelling look that really disrupted her concentration. He gently squeezed her hand. His touch comforted her.

The vicar, who was the image of George, placed his hand on her arm and gentled his expression. “What are you saying, my dear?”

“I cannot marry. I-I tried to explain to him already this morning.”

“You cannot? But I thought—” He turned to Edgeware. “The-the lady is unwilling?”

“She is confused, Vicar. Please proceed.”

But the vicar didn’t seem at all pleased. He gently shook her arm, rousing her from another batch of wandering thoughts. “Speak, my lady.”

The room shifted and swam around. But she was determined.

There was no need to be embarrassed, she told herself. The only other people in the room, at least visible to her, were Molly and Doctor Pryor…nice man.

Wait, what did she need to say?

“I am barren,” she blurted out.

“I…see…” The vicar drew out those two words. At least it sounded like he had drawn them out. But in her drugged state, she couldn’t be too certain of anything.

Edgeware bent down and kissed her on the cheek.

“It doesn’t matter,” she could have sworn she heard him say.

* * * *

Nigel lurked in the butler’s pantry, the tiny room that served as a corridor between the kitchen and the dining hall. The hall just beyond the door echoed with voices. The guests at the house party were undoubtedly dissecting every tidbit of information they knew regarding the “hunting mishap” while waiting for their host to arrive and supper to be served.

In no way did he want to join his guests gathered in there, but it was beyond rude—though forgivable considering the circumstances—that he hadn’t attended to them earlier. As host, he should have sought them out and offered reassuring words.

He had not.

And now he had to face them—those vultures—with the knowledge that they had already filled those nosey heads of theirs with a plethora of servant gossip.

He took a sip from the glass in his hand and gave a nod to the two footmen who had arrived with bottles of Nigel’s best wine.

“Good evening,” he said in a booming voice as he stepped into the dining hall. “Supper will be served in a trice. But first, I would like to raise our glasses in a toast.” He paused, giving time for the footmen to make their way around the table to fill the spiral-stemmed crystal goblets.

The room fell silent. All eyes turned to Nigel. George appeared especially perplexed and perhaps a bit out of favor with his friend at the moment.

“What the bloody hell is this nonsense about?” Uncle Charles muttered as Nigel took his place at the head of the table next to him.

Nigel raised his glass and gave all his guests a smile to placate them. They followed, lifting their wine goblets in the air, with a variety of confused emotions coloring their faces.

“I wish to offer a toast to my new bride, who because of the accident this morning sadly cannot join us tonight.”

“Bride?” nearly every guest at the table echoed.

“Elsbeth, the former dowager Lady Mercer, now the Marchioness of Edgeware, and I were wed this afternoon in a private ceremony. I hope you’ll join me in taking a drink to my bride’s quick recovery and our future happiness.”

A delicate crystal goblet dropped to the table, shattering. The amber liquid soaked into the lace tablecloth.

Nigel lowered his hand and met Charlie’s burning glare.

* * * *

After a rather awkward supper and an even longer couple of hours in the drawing room listening to the disappointed young women entertain the guests with performances on the pianoforte, Nigel was finally able to escape into the cool night air on the terrace. Each and every mama in the drawing room watched his departure, frowning deeply and their eyes angry.

“A hunter’s stray bullet?” George asked from the darkness.

Nigel started at the voice, but quickly regained his composure. He leaned against a marble column. “The hunting party was traipsing through my open fields…on the opposite side of the estate. If this were a hunter, it was human prey he was after.”

“Our villain becomes more bold, Edgeware.”

Nigel tightened his fist, not able to stop himself from imagining the terrible fate that had nearly befallen his Elsbeth. “These attempts on my life must be linked back to the smugglers who used my beach the other night. Perhaps I’m a damned inconvenience to them, so the blackguards feel justified in resorting to murder. What a lucrative business they must have.”

“I’m not at all convinced that local smugglers are involved with this treachery.”

“You don’t need to be convinced.” He threw his arms up in frustration. “You aren’t the one they are trying to kill. Your wife wasn’t shot this morning. I have a plan to trap those outlaws, to smoke them out. And I intend to personally witness the hanging of every single person involved.”

“Be reasonable, Edgeware.”

“They will hang. I vow it.”

“And what if the people you hope to entrap are your villagers? The men and women who have grown up with you? What if they are only trying to make a living during tough times?”

“What do you know of this?” So George had been holding back information. Nigel should have pressed him harder in London when his friend’s reluctance to speak on the matter first arose. If he had, Elsbeth’s life might have never been endangered.

“Nothing…nothing of import, Edgeware. A rumor here and there, is all.” George withdrew back into the shadows of the terrace. “I feel the need to scold you, though. I thought you were my friend.”

“I am. What the devil does our friendship have to do with anything?”

“I would have thought you’d want a friend to stand up with you at your marriage…”

“Oh, the marriage.” That was the last thing he wanted to discuss.

“According to Lady Olivia, your bride had been given a healthy draught of laudanum and was quite insensible all day. I wonder, does the new marchioness yet know of her elevated position?”

How was Elsbeth going to respond to the news of their hasty nuptials? Nigel had no clue. And though that singular worry had been gnawing at him all evening, it wasn’t something he was willing to admit to anyone. Not even to George.

With a shrug filled with aristocratic arrogance, he turned on his heel and walked away.

Perhaps he needed to find a new friend, one with a lesser ability to scour out details. But, in truth, he would never wish to trade George for some mindless dolt.

“I can imagine any woman’s ire when she discovers she was duped into a marriage, no matter how favorable the terms may be for her.” George chuckled. “Do you desire to have a second stand up with you when you tell her? The duel that will most assuredly occur promises to be terribly dangerous…for you, Edgeware.”





Chapter Seventeen

The next morning Elsbeth sat up groggily in bed. Her side, stiff and angry, punished her for the movement.

“Will you be needin’ another draught o’ the laudanum?” Molly, who was fussing by the bedside, was quick to inquire.

“No, please, no.” Her mouth tasted as if she’d swallowed a down-filled pillow during the night. “Plain water, if you please.”

Molly crossed the room to where a silver pitcher of water sat ready on a tray. “Brings back un’appy memories, this does.” She clicked her tongue.

Elsbeth agreed. Too many distressing memories were stirring, triggered by all too familiar twinges of pain and helplessness. At least she no longer had a husband to contend with. At least she was free to tend to her injury in peace.

“The ladies Olivia and Lauretta ’ave been pesterin’ me all morning to see you,” Molly said after she pressed a glass of cool water into Elsbeth’s fingers. She helped Elsbeth lift the drink to her lips.

“I think I would like my hair braided first.” She savored the tiny swallow of water and was ready for more when an even greater need suddenly plagued her. “Um, I believe I require a hand getting out of bed, as well.” She gave a meaningful glance toward the screened area in the corner where the chamber pot was hidden.

“Just like old times, milady,” Molly clucked sadly as she helped her mistress cross the room. Her eyes darkened. “That reminds me. That dastardly Lord Edgeware demands to have a word wit’ you as well.”

My, Molly had certainly taken a quick dislike to the dark lord. “You don’t approve of the Marquess?” Elsbeth asked after settling back into the bed.

“’E’s a bleedin’ man, ain’t ’e?”

Elsbeth’s first instinct was to agree, but Lord Edgeware was so different from any man she’d ever known. She rather liked him—a realization that threatened to suck all the air from her chest.

“You better let my exuberant cousins in to see me now,” Elsbeth said as she fought to steady her breath.

Molly nodded to her mistress, and opened the door.

Olivia pushed her way in the room first with Lauretta not far behind.

“Oh Elly, we were so very worried,” Olivia cried. Fat tears dripped down her rosy cheeks. “You will live, though? Despite what everyone is saying?”

“Yes, my dear, I believe I will live. Who is saying I am dying?” She took Olivia’s hand and squeezed it.

“La, all the guests are saying you must surely be dying.” Lauretta rushed forward. “They are saying that is the only reason Lord Edgeware would marry you.”

“Beautiful girls.” She caressed her cousins’ bright cheeks. They were dears to worry after her so. “I am firm on my conviction. I will not marry Edgeware. I will not leave you.”

Olivia and Lauretta shared a silent frown.

“But-but Elly—”

“No, Olivia, my mind is set.”

“How could she not know?” Lauretta asked.

Olivia shrugged prettily and then drew Elsbeth’s hands into her own. “Elly, Lord Edgeware and you were married yesterday.”

Married? Ice ran through Elsbeth’s blood.

The golden band encircling her ring finger served as proof. How could he do this to her? Without her consent? Without a license?

Devils and demons, she was plagued. She was doomed to be unhappy.

Molly pulled the curtains open. The light crimson color of the morning sky was darkening thanks to a line of encroaching storm clouds. Lord Mercer had once given her a painting that had captured such a sky.

“You will enjoy the colors,” he had said when he’d handed her the carefully wrapped package. That had been years ago when she still believed he was the artist. Foolish, blind child, she had once been, she had believed that a heartless man could create such wondrous works of art.

“You will enjoy the colors,” he had said. The colors in the landscape were indeed beautiful. But the brushstrokes were quick slashes of frustration. An ancient ruin sat on a distant hill, awash in a bath of golden sunlight. The ruin’s stone walls crumbling into the lush grasses. A tree, its pale bark scarred and its branches twisted from years of enduring storms, dominated the forefront. Only a few branches still supported life. A rocky creek frothed as it forced its way through countryside and threatened the roots of the dying tree.

When she’d seen the painting for the first time, tears had sprung to her eyes.

She should have known the truth right there and then. For all her husband saw in the painting was a collection of colors. While she had seen into the artist’s soul and loved him all the more for his ability to share his beautiful soul with the world.

And yet Edgeware…Edgeware, so different from her Lord Mercer, had merely thought the painting in his drawing room was no more than a “pretty splattering of colors”.

Dionysus…Dionysus…whoever he was, she needed to know why he would dupe her into yet another loveless marriage. Why did he need her to be the subject in yet another heartrending scene?

Why did he hate her so? What did she ever do to him to earn his scorn?

“Elsbeth?” Edgeware’s voice startled her. “You are crying?”

She tore her gaze from the window and glanced around the room. Her cousins were gone. Even Molly had slipped away, leaving her alone with him. It was now proper. According to her cousins, he was her husband now.

“No, my lord,” she said with a sniffle.

“No?” He dried her cheeks with a soft handkerchief anyhow. “It would please me if you would call me by my given name, Elsbeth. I am Nigel, if you recall.” He settled into a chair beside the bed. “I will not insist, though.”

Molly had propped Elsbeth up in the bed with several pillows and fixed her hair into a loose braid that neither pulled nor pinched. But even so, she was uncomfortable.

“Was it legal, my lord?” she asked, not ready to speak with him with the familiarity and intimacy that should be shared between a husband and wife. She didn’t trust him yet. And worse, she didn’t trust herself.

Edgeware frowned as he studied his nails. They were buffed and well cared for.

“I mean, my lord, there were no banns read. I cannot imagine there had been time to secure a special license.”

“Does it matter?” he asked, still not turning his attentions from those utterly clean nails.

Does it matter? She couldn’t believe he’d ask such a question. Of course it mattered. It mattered to God, to society, to herself…she snuffed the angry response that was ready to fly out of her mouth. She would do well to remember this man was now her husband, and required to be treated accordingly.

“I ask,” he said, “simply because I want you to know that it doesn’t matter to me. If the vicar is unable to convince the bishop for special consideration in this matter, I am willing to repeat the ceremony…a hundred times if need be.” He turned to her then. “My only desire is to have you as my wife, Elsbeth.”

The heat of his gaze made her feel all the more trapped. Lord Mercer had wanted her like that, too. Like a possession. That was all she had been to him. A pretty possession. If not for the paintings…

“You didn’t wish for this marriage,” he said.

She turned away, unable to bear gazing into his black eyes while thinking of Dionysus. Instead, she stared out the window again and at the lightly tinted sky that reminded her of the artist she’d fallen in love with, the same artist who’d sought to destroy her.

The storm clouds had blown closer.

“Why the silence? Why don’t you scold me?” Edgeware asked. “Why don’t you blister my ears for acting against your wishes? Why do you hold back the anger I see dancing behind your eyes?”

“No,” she whispered, closing those same betraying eyes. His tone had grown sharper, bitter almost. The pretty, loving words he’d spoken to her only yesterday were now gone. They’d faded away just as they had with Lord Mercer.

“Is it because you’re afraid of me? Afraid I will fly into a rage and hurt you like that damnable Lord Mercer?”

She shook her head from side to side, all the while tears spilled from behind her tightly sealed eyelids.

“Are you afraid I won’t wish to ever hear a cross word leave your lips? Afraid I will punish you on a whim?”

She attempted to fight a sob. Failing, she hid her face in her hands and cried in earnest.

“Men like Lord Mercer are cowards. Sniveling, worthless cowards.” He pried her hands away from her face and caressed her cheeks again with that soft handkerchief of his. “Cry, scream, curse me. You may chase me from the room. You may wound my heart. But you will never so prick my anger that I would raise a hand to harm you. Never.”

Words. How many earnest-sounding words had Lord Mercer plied her with? How many lies had he freely given her?

“I cannot give you a child,” she said with a sob in her voice. She pushed his hands away, not able to bear the sensual feel of his touch and not remember the heaven he’d introduced her to the other night. She needed to be strong against him, for no other option was palatable. “Nor can I give you love. I have no fortune. I have no property. I have nothing for you. Nothing. We aren’t even properly married.”

His lips pulled into a strained smile. “I see.”

“Begging your pardon, I do not think you do. No matter how you badger me or weave your seductive charm, I do not want you. I will not have you. I will not let this marriage stand.”

He drew a deep breath and rose from the dainty bedside chair. There was anguish, pure Dionysus-styled anguish in the way his shoulders sagged against the weight of her anger. He gave her a shallow bow and, without another word, left her alone in the bedchamber.

* * * *

Nigel longed to have a paintbrush in his hand, to create in stains and dark pigments a solid image of the fresh torment cutting into his soul. This need, this unquenchable desire to paint was intruding into his daily life, something that had never happened before. And quite frankly, it shocked him to the core. His stormy relationship with Elsbeth was beginning to unravel the barriers he’d spent years constructing between Dionysus and himself.

For his sanity and hers, he should leave her alone. He shouldn’t press his company upon her.

A lump rose in his throat.

He would do anything, anything short of letting the marriage dissolve, to return a bit of happiness to Elsbeth’s life.

“Lord Edgeware,” someone called out to him as he went briskly through the hall. “Lord Edgeware! I must have a word!”

Nigel ignored the call. He didn’t have the energy to deal with the guests anymore. He should send them all home. The party was over.

But if he ordered them to leave, would Elsbeth find a way to escape with them? No banns had been read, no special license procured. If she were to contest the wedding, she would win. But in winning, she would be forever ruined in the eyes of the ton. What with the nude painting and having being caught in an indiscretion, her reputation couldn’t survive another scandal. The guests would simply have to stay to act as a buffer until she accepted that.

He threw open the front doors and headed toward the stables. A storm was rising. A sharp wind rushed toward the dark clouds approaching from the south.

Elsbeth would have her way. Though he couldn’t let her go, she would not suffer from his wicked presence. He would suffer alone. And apart.

Dionysus would bear the pain, not the Marquess of Edgeware. Never would he allow that powerful and important figure the luxury of suffering again.

He stiffened his shoulders and picked up the pace as he rounded the corner of the manor.

A sharp pain jolted him.

He stumbled to his knees.

“Elsbeth,” he cried, as his face hit a paving stone.

* * * *

“Edgeware.” A hand slapped his cheek.

Nigel moaned.

“Edgeware.” A second slap followed.

“What is this? What are you doing to the Marquess?” A new voice demanded. One he recognized.

“George?”

“A man attacked Edgeware. Hit him on the head,” said the man who’d been slapping him. “I frightened him away before he could do more.” That was Severin. Nigel recognized his voice now.

“And who was this phantom?” George demanded.

Nigel pried open one eye, a hellishly difficult task.

“I don’t know. A kerchief covered his face,” Severin said. “Thank God, Edgeware, you are revived.”

Nigel blinked, forcing both eyes open. “Which way did he run?” he at least had enough wits to ask.

“That way,” Severin pointed toward a path that followed the foundation of the manor house around to the back. “Did you see anyone, George? You came from that direction.”

“No, there was no one on the path.”

“Help me stand,” Nigel said. His blood was beginning to boil over the villain’s boldness. His anger quickly cleared his head, leaving only a dull ache.

Severin offered his hand and pulled Nigel to his feet. All three men started off down the trail.

“This is foolish,” George was quick to say. “We won’t find the villain hiding in the bushes.”

“Then where is he?” Severin stopped in the middle of the path and poked his finger against George’s chest. “You should have seen him.”

“I should have seen him? Tell me, Lord Ames, why were you stalking Edgeware in the first place?”

Nigel crossed his arms and stayed out of the argument. It was quite possible that one of his friends was lying. Which meant, either Severin or George could be involved in the plot against him and also possibly responsible for Elsbeth’s injury. But the very idea that someone he trusted and cared for would betray him was unthinkable.

Damn his throbbing head. It was keeping him from being able to think straight.

“Well, Severin?” George pressed.

Severin’s jaw tightened. He hesitated for far too long before quickly saying, “I was trying to catch a moment alone with Edgeware.” He cursed under his breath. “I spent the morning with Lady Lauretta—all in innocence, Edgeware, I swear. She is worried. Lady Mercer…um…um…her cousin…your wife, oh hell, Lady Lauretta doesn’t believe her cousin wished to marry you. She called out to you in the hall. But she was in no state to be speaking with you.”

“In no state?” Nigel asked.

“She…um…she said she wanted to bash you in the head like you did to me.” Severin smiled sheepishly rubbing his bruised eye. “I told her I would give you a…um…a nobber for her myself.”

“Ah-ha! He admits it.” George rounded on Severin. “He admits that he was planning to ambush you.”

“Were you?” Nigel tentatively touched the sore lump on the base of his neck. “Did you?”

“No! I was planning to talk with you while giving Lady Lauretta time to compose herself.”

Nigel continued a few steps down the path, not sure what to think. If not Severin, then he’d be forced to return his suspicions back to George.

He rolled his eyes heavenward. That’s when he saw, quite by happenstance, that one of the glass doors leading into his study was open. “Our villain’s escape route, I suspect,” he said with a nod to the door.

Neither George nor Severin seemed satisfied by the discovery. Both still eyed the other with suspicion.

“M’lord! M’lord!” Joshua came sprinting up. The groom’s face was stark and pale, his breathing erratic.

What now? He had enough troubles to tend to; he certainly didn’t need any more.

“M’lord, you must come to the stables,” Joshua shouted. “He-he’s dead!”





Chapter Eighteen

A few hours after sunset, Guthrie, the large footman who still longed after the gold sovereign Elsbeth had offered him earlier, volunteered to carry her to the small and generally ignored parlor at front of the manor house—a house Elsbeth still had a difficult time thinking of as her new home.

The bullet wound seemed so trivial, so minor when compared to how her body would ache after one of Lord Mercer’s rages. Compared to the past, she barely noticed the biting sting in her side. And lying abed all day while contemplating her future was threatening her sanity. She needed a change in scenery to take her mind off the dangerously handsome Lord Edgeware, if only for a little while.

Even though Molly had begrudgingly given her approval, she remained in the small parlor, fussing like a nervous nursemaid with a newborn, until Lauretta arrived and sent Molly away. Elsbeth’s young cousin appeared to be in a black mood. Once they were alone, she slumped on a small settee near the fireplace and cradled her chin in her hands. “He’s a monster!” Lauretta wailed.

“Who is?” she demanded, with a measure of alarm. Had Lauretta fallen prey to Lord Ames again? Elsbeth was half out of the royal blue velvet chaise lounge Guthrie had placed her on and fully prepared to confront Lord Ames. He had no right to push his attentions on a young, innocent—

“Lord Edgeware, of course. Who else could I mean?” Lauretta said with an unladylike groan.

“Oh! Edgeware.” Elsbeth settled back onto the chaise. Her stitches burned from moving too quickly. “My husband.” Those two words got stuck in the back of her throat and threatened to choke her. She coughed. Like the marriage ceremony she couldn’t remember, she couldn’t seem to free herself from the lump that formed every time she happened to think about the dark lord—her dark lord. Her pulse sped and her cheeks heated as a memory of their wicked encounter in his study rose unbidden in her mind.

The memory felt as foreign to her as the bullet wound. Had she really touched him so brazenly? She seemed to recall trying to tear his shirt from his firm chest. But no, that couldn’t be right. She would never be so—so—hungry for a man’s attentions.

He was a man, a man with her future nestled in the palm of his hands, after all. She shouldn’t be spending her time wishing for his return. But blast it, for the life of her she couldn’t seem to think of much else.

Much to Elsbeth’s relief, Lauretta helped to take her mind off the tempting Lord Edgeware. Her cousin spent most of the evening sharing her opinion of the house’s décor—too dark and gloomy for her tastes—imparting gossip, and detailing the excitements of the day. Some of the guests had apparently decided to stay until the end of the week. A few had even confessed to harboring morbid hopes being part of the dangerous drama that was unfolding. Most of the gentlemen had spent the day hunting, while the ladies played cards in the parlor. Lady Dashborough had caused somewhat of a stir after Olivia had accused the lady of cheating. Despite everything, Lady Waver was still an unflappable hostess. Elsbeth was grateful to hear it. She didn’t think she was up to taking responsibility for the household or its guests so quickly.

But the topic soon returned to Edgeware. Anger sharpened Lauretta’s tongue when she recounted how the dark lord had punched Lord Ames in the face shortly after he’d been discovered alone with Lauretta in the portrait gallery. “Honestly, Elsbeth, Lord Ames was a perfect gentleman. And yet, your Lord Edgeware attacked him. The man is a brute, a monster. Papa will surely assist you in gaining an annulment. Imagine, trapping you into marriage like he did. He is a scoundrel, naught more than a common scoundrel.”

Her cousin’s venom should have fed Elsbeth’s dark feelings toward the man who had forced her into a marriage she would have never agreed to, but it didn’t. All she could think of was the honest, open way he had pursued her, how he’d asked to hold her hand, how he’d asked to be granted that first kiss, how he’d even warned her that he’d planned to seduce her.

He was different from any man she had ever met. For one thing, he was careful around her. He acted as if he cherished her feelings. At least that was until they were married yesterday.

Oh bugger, not that she cared, but after his brief morning visit, he hadn’t given her the consideration of his company. He’d not even asked after her welfare. So much like Lord Mercer, he’d snagged the prize, and now it appeared he was quickly losing interest.

“Perhaps an annulment would be possible,” Elsbeth said, but saying it aloud only made her feel all the more miserable.

Edgeware was a villain, a rake, a cad, a scoundrel…a man. What woman in her right mind would wish to be saddled to such a combination of ill manners? She was not lonely for him. She did not miss his company. Truly, she didn’t. Damn the demon to hell. Damn him. Damn him. Damn—

“Lauretta? What did you say?”

“This afternoon, after Lord Ames frightened off the fiend who’d hit Lord Edgeware from behind with a sack of rocks,” Lauretta repeated. “I said, Mr. Waver had the audacity to accuse Lord Ames of plotting to stick Edgeware’s spoon in the wall.”

“Someone attacked Edgeware this afternoon?” Guilt. Pure, uncomfortable guilt buzzed in Elsbeth’s head. What had she done? She’d cursed a man whose life was in mortal peril. What kind of woman had she become?

Damn him for turning her into a shrew. No, no, forget that prayer. Protect him from harm, instead. Curses, how could she continue protecting her heart from him when his life was in constant danger?

“Indeed,” Lauretta said, “it happened right outside the manor’s front entranceway. Knocked over the head with a sack of rocks and would have been done in if Lord Ames hadn’t happened upon the villain, too! And the Marquess’s butler—” Lauretta shook her head slowly. “They found him dead in the stables. Strangled, I heard someone say. I shiver at the thought.”

Strangled?

Poor Edgeware. He must be devastated over the death of his butler. Unlike Lord Mercer, Edgeware seemed to truly care about his servant’s welfare.

Dionysus must have gone mad. For who else could be behind this plot against Lord Edgeware? And where did Charlie fit in all this? Did she still believe he was Dionysus?

Her heart said no. But if not Charlie, who?

Action. That was what was needed. She needed to act. She needed to stop Dionysus from further endangering either of them. She was struggling to get out of the chaise again when the parlor’s pocket door slid open.

“I beg your pardon, Lady Lauretta. I need to have a word in private with my wife.”

Careful of her wound, Elsbeth twisted toward the door until her gaze met Edgeware’s. Shadows haunted his onyx eyes.

She was surprised to see him. It was late. The sun had set hours ago. He was still dressed for dinner and entertaining guests, in a fine black coat and contrasting snowy-white cravat. Her heart skipped a beat at the sight of him, giving her cause to curse that tender organ for being so easily won over.

He lingered at the door, waiting for her permission to enter even though this was his home, not hers.

Lauretta stood. “Please, do excuse me,” she said sharply and made a quick retreat, passing by Edgeware without even a nod of recognition.

With a look of amusement, Lord Edgeware watched Lauretta flounce down the hall with a bouncing, angry stride. He shrugged and stepped into the room. “May I join you?”

Elsbeth stared at him, standing so straight and noble just a step inside the door. He seemed colder, more distant. More like she expected a husband to act. But not at all how she wished him to act.

“Of course, my lord. This is your home,” she said with a sigh. “However, I pray you have not come expecting to claim your marital rights,” she added, feeling her irritation surge.

A brow rose at that. “Ah…is that what you believe?” He tilted his head slightly as he studied her. His intense gaze lapped at her body like flames from a fire. “And how are your injuries faring today, my lady wife?”

Did he care, or had he come to her truly expecting to consummate the marriage tonight?

She couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like to lie with Edgeware in his bed. Surely, the enjoyment she felt from their passionate encounter in his study was nothing more than an aberration, a fantastic deviation from reality. She still couldn’t convince herself that what she’d felt at his hands was nothing more than a heated dream. She knew she shouldn’t hope that she would ever forget herself so completely again. She wasn’t comfortable with her body. According to Lord Mercer, her hips were too thin and her breasts too small. And she was impossibly cold. Hers wasn’t a body that could give pleasure to a man.

“I believe I will live, my lord,” she said sharply. “However, I do not believe I am up to any strenuous exertions to my person.”

“I see.”

She closed her eyes and tried to slow her erratic breathing. Prickly nerves were leading her into dangerous territory. She needed to calm down. But she was finding it nearly impossible to do so while a war was waging within her heart. She wanted him to touch her, to caress her, to love her. She wanted everything he could possibly give her. She wanted to feel him move over her and press her deep into his thick mattress.

But no…

She didn’t think she was strong enough to endure the look of disappointment she’d find in his eyes after bedding her. Her frigid body would inevitably disappoint him. And that disappointment would eventually lead to loathing and resentment.

The situation was impossible! Why had he married her? He barely even knew her.

“Lauretta told me about your butler. I am truly sorry,” she said carefully, hoping to turn the subject to a more pressing—and safer—topic.

Edgeware ground his jaw, clearly upset. “His death will be avenged.” She felt the danger in his voice. It made the hair on the back of her neck rise. Her husband would make a formidable enemy.

“She also told me that you were attacked today. I pray you are well.”

“Well enough.” He rubbed the back of his neck as he took a half step toward her. They were still yards apart, not quite having to yell across a great expanse, but close. When he spoke, his voice was icy. “There is no reason for you to worry. I have the situation well in hand. In fact, I will be posting a footman at your chamber door.”

“To keep me in or others out, my lord?”

Her sharp tone seemed to break through his icy demeanor. He heaved a long, audible sigh and took another step toward her chair by the fire. “Could you perhaps use my given name when you wish to curse me to the devil?”

“I cannot possibly know what you mean, my lord.”

He took another step toward her. Her heart rate quickened.

“I mean: the tone you use with me would be more palatable if you softened the blow by using my given name. It is Nigel, need I remind you? Not a terrible chore to trip up the tongue.” He took yet another step toward her. He was standing nearly on top of her now. “I will not insist, though.”

“Thank you—” she hesitated, unsure “—Lord Edgeware.”

Fire flashed behind his eyes. “Elsbeth—” he bit off and stopped to heave another deep sigh. “I had come to apprise you of the situation and to assure you that you are in no danger. However, I see Lady Lauretta has already done so. Apparently, there is no other purpose for this meeting, so I will wish you a good night.”

He turned. She’d thought he’d at least brush her cheek with a kiss. But he had not. Instead, he’d left her cold and more alone than before.

“My lord,” she called out before he reached the door.

He stopped. Her heart counted the number of beats it took before he turned to face her again. “Yes?”

How could this sham of a marriage have any hope of working? The promise of long, miserable days appeared before her. This was not the future she had dreamed of when praying for her first husband’s death, God forgive her.

But this was the future she was being offered.

Lord Edgeware was watching her. His dark expressive eyes mirrored her distress, her confusion. But there was also something else in that look he was giving her, something she wasn’t yet ready to recognize. Deep in her heart she longed to believe that illusive something she was seeing might mean that there could be a safe, comfortable future waiting for her. A future where she could be happy. But to try and reach for it would mean she’d have to risk a heart she’d long protected. And yet, she had to try.

She wanted him to kiss her. To love her. But she didn’t know how to ask for those things.

“Nigel,” she whispered.

She struggled to wrench the words she needed to say from deep within her heart, but they refused to come. She shook her head and waved him away. Her voice tightened again. “I am glad you came to talk with me. Good evening, my lord.”

He stared at her, his brows furrowed. He just stood there, refusing to leave.

Her heart beat wildly in her chest, and she couldn’t seem to catch her breath. She didn’t know him, didn’t understand his silent moods. Was he angry? Was he plotting to punish her? Or was his silence a kind of punishment?

Without a word of warning he stalked back over to where she was reclining. And before she could protest or pull away, he leaned down and brushed his lips across hers. His mouth tasted of brandy and spice. She sighed and leaned forward, seeking more, silently pleading for everything she couldn’t find the courage to ask of him. His was a flavor she craved.

He cupped his hand at the nape of her neck and deepened the kiss. When she parted her lips, their tongues touched. He made love to her mouth with such exquisite care tears sprang to her eyes. She reached around his neck, pulling him closer, wanting everything he was willing to offer. And still, she was unsure how to ask—no, demand—that he give up his heart to her.

She barely kept herself from crying out when he slowly peeled his lips away. His jaw tightened and he looked so serious as he reached under her and carefully scooped her up into his arms, lifting her from her comfortable spot on the chaise lounge.

“What are you doing?” she gasped.

“Taking you to bed, my lady wife.”





Chapter Nineteen

Wind whipped up from the shore. Another storm was approaching, and this one promised to be worse than the one that had battered the coast only a few days earlier. Nigel stood for a moment at the edge of the cliff, watching the interplay of the billowy black clouds against the early morning sky.

“No smuggler will be foolish enough to brave the waters tonight. You can give your men a rest, Edgeware. All will be quiet,” George said, as he approached the cliff’s edge.

George, George. A sharp pain ripped into Nigel’s chest.

Late last night he’d personally delivered Elsbeth to her bed, the narrow bed she’d been using all week. He’d been tempted to carry her away to his own chamber. But he doubted she would have allowed it. By the time he’d finished settling her beneath her bed’s quilted counterpane, his whole body had ached to stay with her, to make love to her. But she was injured and weak. She needed her rest. She needed time to grow accustomed to the thought of being married to him.

Even so, he’d lingered just inside the door, wanting to crawl into her bed and sleep at her side. To rest, knowing she was in the same room as him, knowing that she was safe and well. He’d waited longer than he knew he should, hoping she’d invite him to stay. She didn’t. Instead, she had called for her maid. With a heavy heart, he’d left.

And that was where Charlie had found him, just outside Elsbeth’s chamber. His cousin had taken one look at him and pushed a bottle of French wine into his hands. Smuggled French wine.

“What the hell are you doing with this?” Nigel had demanded right before he’d herded his cousin into his study before anyone could see them. “Do you know what this looks like?” he demanded once they were alone.

“Nige, the bottle doesn’t belong to me.” A black look had darkened Charlie’s normally jovial blue eyes. “I did a little poking around after Jenkins’s body was discovered. I found this bottle, along with several more crates of illegal goods on George’s estate.”

Not willing to take his cousin at his word—not for this—Nigel went skulking through George’s property. And like Charlie had said, he’d found crate after crate of smuggled goods in one of George’s storerooms. The discovery struck him more sharply than a mortal blow to the chest.

Could it be true? Could George, one of the few men he trusted with his life, be behind the smuggling operation…and the attempts on his life…and the attempt on Elsbeth’s life…and his butler’s murder? He’d sat up all night trying to figure out what he should do, how he should approach George. And still, he had no answers. Friend or not, the men responsible for those crimes would hang.

“This wind is ruining my cravat,” Charlie said as he joined them. He seemed to have no interest in the sky, the cliff, or the conversation. He found a stump and, after cleaning away the dirt and debris with a handkerchief, plopped down onto it and began poking at the soft ground with a twig.

Nigel wished Charlie and George would both just vanish for a while. Neither man was looking much like a hero this morning. Last night, after presenting Nigel with George’s smuggled bottle of wine, Charlie had once again resumed his begging for money. He’d claimed he needed close to thirty thousand pounds for a solid investment. An investment whose details he had refused to disclose.

Nigel dug his fingers into his palm. The last time he’d declined to pay Charlie a large sum to pay for some supposedly solid investment, the money had disappeared from his accounts all the same.

That Charlie, his harmless cousin, would stoop low enough to rob him to pay off what was more likely a reckless gambling debt than some thought-out investment—and was no doubt plotting to do so again—only pricked his already ravaged nerves.

I’m overrun by betrayals!

Tonight.

Tonight, according to Charlie, the villagers were saying that the smugglers were planning to land again with their booty. “You will see then, Nige, who your true friends are,” he’d said.

Nigel flexed his hand, his need for the relief only a paintbrush could provide him, growing urgent. Images of George being led to the gallows for murder—for brutally killing his butler, an innocent man who’d deserved better, he’d lead the bastard up the roughhewn stairs himself—and images of Charlie flirting shamelessly with Elsbeth while frittering away the Edgeware fortune joined the storm-whipped wind, echoing accusations in his ear.

“Enough!” he shouted.

George and Charlie, who’d been silent for quite some time, both jumped.

“Edgeware?”

“Are you quite cracked, Nige?”

Nigel turned to the two men he’d once trusted with his life and felt a strong urge to do murder. Whose? He couldn’t say.

Logic dictated he wait for tonight and catch the smugglers in the act. He needed proof. And, thanks to his uncle’s tutelage, Nigel was a ruthlessly logical man except when it came to his wife.

“Elsbeth,” he said and abruptly turned back toward the house. This was too much for him to handle on his own. Whether she welcomed his company or not, he needed her.

* * * *

After winning another heated argument with Molly, Elsbeth had risen from bed, and despite the pulling pain in her side, donned a light yellow morning gown and made her way to the breakfast room. A footman brought her a plate of toast and jams as she eased into a chair in the empty room. From where she sat at the small table, next to a series of large windows that looked out into the estate’s gardens, she could see the sham ruin dedicated to the goddess Athena where Lord Edgeware—no, he was to be Nigel to her now—where Nigel had first looked upon her with that wolfish gleam.

And kissed her.

It hadn’t been just a gentle brush of the lips, as he had promised. She pressed the tips of her fingers to her lips, remembering.

That kiss, and all the others that followed, demanded very little and had been like a series of silent pleas. Like his mouth was inviting her to return his passion with the same intensity—offering, instead of taking.

Gracious, she’d allowed her caution to be lulled by his subtle appeal. His seduction had appeared so seemingly harmless. In his study she’d given him her body and look what that had won her, an unwanted marriage with a man who was a bigger danger to her than her first husband.

It was true that Lord Mercer was a beast, but at least she’d realized early on in their marriage that he was not Dionysus—and not a man whom she could ever love. No matter how he had tormented her or tortured her—her heart had always been safe.

With Nigel, that layer of safety was slipping away. He was as different from the late Lord Mercer as day was from night. When angered, he might not throw her to the mercy of his friends like a master would toss a piece of meat to his hounds. It was worse. When she gazed into Nigel’s expressive eyes she could almost feel his soul and a deep sense of loneliness. She could almost hear in his clipped voice the grieving, confused boy who’d lost his mother at birth and his father at the tender age of three or four.

This was a man who could rival Dionysus in his depths of feeling. This was a man who could tempt her heart. Such a man had the power to destroy her, for like Dionysus, she felt herself tumbling into love.

“Elsbeth!” Nigel’s sharp voice carried down the halls shattering her thoughts. “Elsbeth!” She turned toward the door in time to see the servants fleeing the room.

“Lord Edge—Nigel,” she said. Her heart raced at the sight of him. “What urgency has you shouting my name through the halls of your estate like a madman, or is this how you plan to call for your wife…my lord?”

He eased the door closed behind him and started toward her. With each step the coiled tension in him appeared to melt away. His hunched shoulders began to relax.

“Elsbeth,” he said her name without heat this time. “Things are—I need—uh, we need to talk.”

She set the toast she was holding back on the plate in front of her. “Yes, I suppose we should.”

He settled into a chair next to hers and took his time drawing off his gloves. With a sigh, he reached out to touch her hand. “Dionysus,” he said and paused. “There is something I need to confess.”

He was going to reveal Dionysus’s identity at last. But she wasn’t ready to hear it, not when she was nearly convinced Dionysus was Charlie. Her heart wasn’t ready to face that sad truth, not this morning when her injuries had left her feeling weak and her feelings muddled. “I don’t want to hear his name. Please, not now. He’s a bounder who has threatened your life and coldly murdered your butler. As long as you recognize him for the villain that he is, that is all I need to know.”

“But—”

“No,” she said and sandwiched his hand between her own. “I will not give him the power to hurt me again. From now on, I will decide my own future…and with whom I intend to spend it. Edgewa—Nigel, you have been kind to me.”

“Kind?” he sounded hurt by the charge.

“You have given me a great gift. You make me feel almost loveable. But, still, I do not know what kind of wife I will make you.”

“Do not worry about the future, dove. I will make everything right, I promise I will. And I will make you happy.” He sounded so confoundingly sure of himself. “You will love me. And after tonight, everything will be—”

“No, it won’t,” she said not letting him finish. She didn’t want to love him. It would be safer not to love him, not to open her heart up for rejection or pain. It would be safer to give him no hope for the future. Perhaps then he would release her from this spell he was weaving around her.

“Please, Elsbeth, let me explain what’s—”

“Lord Mercer was a difficult man,” she said, looking away. That much was true. And the lie that followed came easily to her lips. “I don’t know if my heart survived the encounter. I don’t know if I am able to feel the feelings I should feel toward a husband. It simply doesn’t seem possible.” She drew an unsteady breath. “I beg you reconsider our marriage.”

“No.” He stood with a rush, almost knocking his chair over backwards. Pain flashed in his eyes, but he quickly concealed it. His voice hardened. “My marriage to you, though shabbily executed, is a decision I will never regret. If it takes a lifetime, I will make you understand that.”

There was something about his determination that set her heart throbbing again. And it frightened her.

“Please,” her voice cracked with emotion. “Please, I beg you. Leave me alone.”

He lowered his head and turned away. He had the door open and was nearly in the hallway by the time she found her voice again.

“The bullet the other day,” she asked. “Are you certain it was meant for you?” She no longer was. It was becoming more and more clear that Charlie viewed her relationship with Nigel as a roadblock to his riches.

“The danger will soon be gone.” His voice was hard, clipped. “I have a plan to trap the villain.”

“And Charlie?” she pressed. “You still trust him?”

Nigel waved his hand angrily as he retreated down the hall. “Charlie’s harmless.”

No, blast it! She had to bite her tongue to keep herself from shouting. Charlie has never been harmless!

Charlie was the one who had always found the liquor cabinet key whenever she would hide it from Lord Mercer. And he was the one who’d often provoked the worst of Lord Mercer’s violent rages, especially when he knew the drunken lord would take his frustrations out on her. Charlie seemed to enjoy watching her torment, seemed to enjoy watching the events unfold like a drama at the theater. And once he’d almost…No, she wasn’t going to think about that. He was a danger she needed to stop, for Nigel’s sake and her own. Which meant, she needed to go to him.

To confront him.

Her breakfast forgotten, she found a footman in the front hall where a confusion of activity was occurring. A group of guests, anxious to return to London to personally spread the news of Nigel’s surprise marriage, were leaving that morning. Several of the rooms in the sprawling house were soon going to be vacant. Elsbeth knew she shouldn’t be surprised. If she hadn’t been shot or entangled in marriage, she would have fled days ago.

She considered sending her cousins home. She had no right to keep them here with a murderous artist on the loose. But the thought of being alone with her husband was too much to bear. Much to her relief, not everyone was leaving Purbeck Manor. Lady Dashborough and her daughters, Mister George Waver, Lord Ames, and Charlie with his motley group of friends had all announced their intentions of staying until the end of the week, which was just two days away.

Gracious, there was so much that needed to be done.

“Can you tell me where Mister Charles Purbeck could be found?” she asked the startled footman.

He eyed her cautiously, seeming uncertain about how to approach the new marchioness. “In the library I believe, m’lady,” he drawled after a long pause. He bowed deeply before returning to his duties.

She was still watching the nervous footman when she turned and slammed into Sir Donald’s side. He’d been rushing toward the stairs and, like her, apparently had his mind on other matters. He seemed to shake himself out of his thoughts as he turned his gaze toward her.

He was a handsome young man. His features had all the aristocratic angles that often caught the attention of the ladies in the London parlors. She couldn’t remember ever seeing him not dressed in the height of fashion. He was tall and muscular and very much in command of himself. But there was something about his all-too steady gaze this morning that made her shudder.

“Lady Edgeware.” He stomped his boot on the hardwood floor as he turned to regard her more closely. “You look exceedingly healthy considering the…um…circumstances.” He fingered that rather large watch fob he always wore. “Charlie has been most distressed over the shooting, you must know. He believes the mishap has pushed his cousin into a foolish decision. Many of us cannot help but agree. None of this would have happened, do you not think, if you and Edgeware had been standing out in the open?”

His question sounded chillingly like a threat. An icy dread tiptoed down her spine.

“I feel fairly confident that I understand Mr. Purbeck’s feelings and his intentions only too well, sir.” She raised her chin and stared down her nose at Sir Donald as if he were nothing more to her than an unschooled child in need of a healthy dose of discipline. “In the future, you should not feel obligated to keep me apprised of his moods. Good day.”

Without giving him a second thought, she started out in search of the manor’s library.

“You better watch yourself,” she heard him hiss. But she didn’t need or welcome his warning. She already knew the dangers facing her and Nigel.

Her side was burning furiously and her head felt rather light by the time she reached the library door. Molly had been right, of course; she should have spent another day abed.

She promised her various aches and pains that she would go straight up to her chamber after confronting Charlie. There was no possible way she would get a moment’s rest until she’d completed this task. Though she was as terrified as a cornered rabbit, and shaking in her slippers by the time she reached the library door, she steeled her courage and pressed forward.

Even if Charlie was Dionysus, this was something she needed to do.

When she pushed on the heavy door she heard Nigel growl, “She is my wife, damn it.”

“That, I intend to challenge!” Lord Charles Purbeck shouted. She saw the elder Purbeck clearly through the cracked door. He raised his fist and shook it. The footman had been mistaken. It was Lord Charles Purbeck, not Mister Charles Purbeck, who was in the library.

She backed away, not wishing to hear more.

“If you’re not careful, she will destroy you financially just as she destroyed Lord Mercer,” Charlie said as he passed by the library door, pushing it closed again.

What was Charlie up to?

She had nothing to do with Lord Mercer’s missing fortune. Gambling had done away with Lord Mercer’s money and when the money was gone, it had created a pile of debts rivaling the highest of mountain peaks.

Curiosity eating at her, she pressed her ear to the door.

“Don’t speak to me of that…that bloody monster,” she heard Nigel sputter. A glass shattered within. “No one is permitted to speak against my wife.”

“Nige, Nige,” Charlie soothed. “We are on your side. Are we not, Father?”

Lord Charles Purbeck grunted.

“Charlie, this matter is not open for discussion.”

“How about the attempts on your life, Nige?” Charlie pressed. “What will you do when you discover your beloved wife’s involvement in the affair?”

“She didn’t even know me when the first attempt occurred.”

“No? Are you certain? Perhaps she edged her way into Dionysus’s life in order to get close to you. Perhaps she is after your fortune.”

There was silence in the room.

“Has she yet lied to you, Nige?” Charlie asked smoothly. “She lies beautifully, you know. Remember, I have known her longer than you have.”

Elsbeth’s shoulders tightened in the growing silence.

“Tonight you plan to spring your trap? Tonight you will capture your smugglers. I pray your heart will not also be broken.”

“I trust Elsbeth with my life,” Nigel said, his voice low, rigid…almost uncertain. She wished she hadn’t pushed him away. She wished she had listened to what Nigel had wanted to say to her that morning, because Charlie was doing it again. He was cleverly putting a wedge between her and her husband. She hadn’t been able to stop him when he plotted against her marriage with Lord Mercer. Why did she think she could do anything now? Nigel trusted Charlie while he barely knew her. And Charlie was right about one thing—she was able to lie well.

* * * *

Early that evening, Elsbeth posted a letter to her uncle, explaining matters and her plans to accompany her cousins home in two days’ time. Not that news of her marriage would come as a surprise to him. Just that morning she had received a rather stunned note of congratulations from her aunt and uncle.

“Shouldn’t you transfer your belongings to the marchioness’s chamber?” Olivia asked when she returned to the apartment shortly before supper. “It doesn’t seem proper that you to remain put up in one of his guest chambers.”

“She needs to be a watchin’ you gels an’ mendin’ ’er aches,” Molly answered sharply. “She’s not needin’ to be taking up her duties as marchioness or bothered by a man’s whims.”

There was a knock on the bedchamber door. Molly opened the door and took a large covered tray that Guthrie had carried up.

Lauretta appeared from the adjoining room. She was dressed in a pale yellow gown with a flowing train sparkling with crystals. Her cheeks were flushed and bright. “You won’t be joining us for supper, will you?” Lauretta sounded a bit too hopeful, which made Elsbeth itch to shout, “Stay away from that bastard Lord Ames!” They were all bastards though, weren’t they? All except for Nigel.

But even he wasn’t perfect. No doubt he now believed any number of vicious things about her, all thanks to Charlie. And the variety of horrid things Charlie could tell Nigel might all be true. She wasn’t the paragon Nigel believed her to be. Far from it.

Remembering her responsibility to her cousins, she pulled herself together.

“Molly,” she said, forcing her aching body to rise from the bed. “I intended to take supper with the guests.”

Molly “tsked” and shook her head. “Guthrie says your lordship ordered you to take your meal in this room.”

“He didn’t say anything about this to me. In fact, I haven’t seen him since—” She felt suddenly flush, remembering the uncertainty in his voice as he’d defended her. If he felt doubts about her or her involvement in the murder attempts against him, she would do well to avoid him.

So she ate her meal after giving both Olivia and Lauretta several admonitions to behave themselves and having secured promises from their hostess, Lady Waver, to act as chaperone.

Taking her meal in the room was a good idea, Elsbeth thought with a yawn. Her eyelids grew heavy even before she finished half the food on her plate. And she barely landed on the bed before sinking into a heavy slumber.

“Been drugged, we ’ave,” she thought she heard Molly say. But her maid’s voice was so soft, so distant. “Your lordship’s done an’ drugged us.”





Chapter Twenty

Elsbeth slowly awoke to the sound of a gale force wind howling. The not-so-distant waves broke against the shore with thunderous crashes. And a driving rain was stinging the side of her face.

She shivered. One arm was pinched under her body at an awkward angle. She couldn’t seem to move it. Nor could she imagine why she’d be sleeping curled up on the rocky ground. Never had she felt so cold or miserable. What a horrid, horrid dream. She tried to wake up, but couldn’t seem to manage the task.

“Are you sure it’s safe?” a man asked in the darkness.

“Aye, sir. The captain can handle any storm. Says he prefers ’em to running from harbor patrols,” another man answered.

“Even so, the men down on the beach could be swept away in this squall.”

“Better to risk the storm, than a hangman’s noose.”

Hangman? Elsbeth struggled to sit up. Her limbs didn’t seem to be working. She really needed to wake up.

One of the two men passed beside her. She heard the footfalls. Though in all this wet and darkness, she couldn’t see a blasted thing. A few moments later the second man approached. His boots sloshed in the mud. The freezing rain was coming down even harder.

“Please, help me.” She reached out to the man. Her hand brushed his slick boot.

He stopped.

A flash of lightning glinted off the blade of the dagger in his hand. She held her breath as he bent over her, blocking the worst of the rain. He was dressed all in black, no wonder she’d had trouble making out his features. Even his shirt and oilskin cape were black. A black kerchief covered his nose and mouth. A large hat, designed to disguise, hid the rest of his face. A horn, carved from bone, hung from a strap across his chest.

“God’s teeth! What in bloody hell are you doing out here?” the shadowy man demanded gruffly. He knelt down beside her and pressed his fingers to her neck. “At least you’re alive,” he muttered and then uttered a string of colorful curses.

She knew him, knew that voice. She blinked several times, trying to get her blurry vision to focus. It wouldn’t. Her head hurt from the effort, and the world was beginning to spin back into soft gray nothingness.

She had to be dreaming again. Why else would a flickering light be dancing among a grove of trees? The dancing light was drawing nearer. The man kneeling beside her must have seen it, too. He cursed again, then put the curved horn to his lips, and blew a long deep note that was loud enough to carry about the roaring storm.

The sound seemed to upset the distant firelight. It swung wildly as it drew even closer. Shadows emerged from the darkness.

“Damnation, I’m not going to let you be the cause of my men getting caught or hung.” The man whipped off his oilskin cape. His hands moved swiftly as he wrapped it around her shoulders. He then scooped Elsbeth into his arms and scurried to his feet. His quick movement jolted her buzzing head. Pain shot through the straining stitches in her injured side.

She heard a shout. Felt another sharp jolt.

And then, blissfully, nothing.

* * * *

Elsbeth shivered uncontrollably. She awoke, still miserably cold and wet. A sharp slap on her face added insult to her unhappy condition.

“Leave off, sir,” she mumbled groggily and batted the offending hand away.

“Wake up. Do as I say.”

She was slapped again. It was amazing how impolite some people could be.

“Leave off!” she howled. Her eyes fluttered open. “I am quite awake!”

She had to blink several times before her vision cleared. And after it had, she blinked again, hoping to improve things. She was inside a small abandoned one-room cottage. The room, if it could be called that, was bare, the roof mostly gone, the walls crumbling in the strong gale, and the dirt floor muddy.

She shivered—this time from fear—and hugged a dripping cape to her chest that had been wrapped about her shoulders.

Nigel’s friend hovered over her. “M-mister W-waver?” The words chattered with her teeth. “Y-you have abducted m-me? Why—?” She sat up, overcome with a fit of sneezing.

“Damnation!” He peeled off his leather gloves and shoved them into her hands.

His gloves, though large, were fur-lined and warm. “Thank you,” she said just before pulling herself to her feet. The pulling pain in her side felt much sharper now than it had all day. And the room was becoming blurry again. He swore again and then reached out to catch her when she stumbled.

She pushed his anxious hands away. “I have a bullet wound in my side that hurts like the devil. I am soaked to the bone…and cold.” She stifled a sneeze. “And I am foggy in the head, no thanks to you, sir.” She took a step away from him, which she instantly regretted since it put her into the path of the driving rain coming in through where the roof was absent. She returned to his side where she could find at least the illusion of dryness.

“I did not do this!” He waved his hand in her direction. “Good Lord, Edgeware will surely kill me when he finds us.” He began to pace, not seeming to mind that he’d wandered into the rainy part of the hut.

“You’re one of the smugglers?”

“What do you know about that business?”

“I listen to conversations I oughtn’t.” She paused, eying Mr. Waver carefully. “You are a smuggler.” Of course he was. Why else would he be dressed like the very devil? “And Lord Edgeware has found you out.”

Her heart thundered a beat. “You—you are Dionysus?”

She stumbled back a step, overwhelmed by the thought of finally standing face to face with the artist, the madman. “You’re trying to kill Nigel?” She just barely eked out the strangled question.

“No!” he shouted. His gaze sailed wildly around the room, seemingly startled by his outburst. “No,” he said more sedately. “But that is how he wants it to look.”

“Who?” Elsbeth could not help but ask.

“Who the bloody hell knows! Dionysus is as good a guess as any!” He gulped. “Forgive my language, my lady.” He tossed off his hat and wiped a puddle of rain from his brow. “Wait a blessed moment.” He stopped pacing and turned suddenly to stare at her. “You truly don’t know Dionysus? But how can that be? That painting was so…so lifelike.”

“I have never met the bounder, sir. I have no idea why he is determined to be my tormentor.”

He stared at her for a moment longer. “We should join forces on that front, but there is no time to discuss that now. You believe this Dionysus is trying to kill Edgeware? That is an interesting thought…I must think about that…but not now…”

He closed the distance between them. The menace in his eyes left her quivering all the way down to her toes.

He grabbed her arms so tightly she yelped.

“You cannot tell Edgeware about this, my lady. I am trying to protect him. I swear I am.”

“Y-you are not a-a smuggler?”

“Yes! I am that!”

The sound of distant voices carrying on the wind alerted the both of them.

“Yes,” he whispered, “I smuggle goods. Just like my father and his father before him. My work helps support the whole village.”

“B-but you d-denied—”

“I am not trying to kill Edgeware!” His gaze darted to the door. “I am as anxious as you are to uncover who is. In fact I have recently discovered a piece of evidence that will help lead me to the murderer. There has been talk in the village that Guthrie, one of Edgeware’s footmen, has bragged about how much money he’d been paid to put a metal burr in Edgeware’s saddle, a metal burr that nearly sent Edgeware to his death.”

“Nigel is convinced that the smugglers are the ones trying to kill him though,” she said, trying to put the pieces together in her fuzzy head.

“Yes, I know.” He turned away.

“I cannot keep this from him.” She shivered, wondering what Mr. Waver would be forced to do to her now that she’d refused to cooperate with him.

“Please, my lady,” he said. “Please, give me a chance to plead my case to Edgeware myself. Give me a chance to tell him by the morrow.”

If she didn’t…well, Nigel had said it himself that morning: He planned to kill the smuggler, which now appeared to be Mr. Waver.

“Very well,” she said with a sigh. “Till the morrow. I will not wait a moment longer. I will not put him in further danger.” Truly, she didn’t wish her husband dead. Nor did she wish to see him kill Mr. Waver. Quite possibly with his own hands.

The voices outside had grown very close. “They will search the hut,” she said. “They will capture you in a few moments.”

The thought of being captured along with the man her husband was hunting sent a shiver of dread down her spine. Would he believe, as Charlie intimated, that she was a criminal too? Or unfaithful?

She closed her eyes remembering only too well Lord Mercer’s punishments. His actions were always more vicious, more violent whenever Charlie had stirred his anger.

Would Nigel, after listening to Charlie and finding her with the smugglers, lose his temper in the same way? She closed her eyes, praying he was different but afraid her instincts about him were wrong. When it came to men, her instincts rarely led her in the right direction.

But Nigel? Not Nigel. He was different. Safer. He was a man who could steal away her heart.

She didn’t think her heart could survive if he were to physically harm her.

But, considering the damning circumstances, why shouldn’t he?

“I will need my gloves back, my lady.” Mr. Waver didn’t wait for her to offer them. He snatched the warm fur-lined leather gloves from her hands himself.

The voices were loud, nearly at the door.

“If Edgeware finds me out here, he might believe me guilty of conspiring against him,” she said in a panic.

How could Mr. Waver escape Nigel’s wrath? How could she?

“Ah…that might be true.” His eyes were alight with new danger. “But you, Lady Edgeware, must be my diversion.” He pushed her into the raging storm. At least he had let her keep his oilskin cape. “Do not worry overmuch, my lady. He does love you.”

She stumbled across the clearing toward the search party with nothing more than Mr. Waver’s assurances that Nigel loved her ringing in her head. The sharp pelting rain helped clear the last bits of fogginess from her head.

“Over here, m’lord!” she heard someone shout.

Nigel appeared at the head of the crowd of footmen like a forlorn figure in one of Dionysus’s paintings. His dark features were as hard as solid stone.

She froze. How would he choose to punish her for her unexpected appearance in the middle of this crime? Would he beat her, not letting up with his fists until she lacked the strength to move or even cry? Would he lock her in the cellar with the rats and leave her to starve until one of the servants in the manor grew weary of listening to her cries for help? She swallowed hard and tried to ignore the pressure of her heart pounding painfully against her chest as she stumbled toward him.

What would he do to her?

Nothing.

Mr. Waver was right. Her gaze met Nigel’s and her worries vanished. She suddenly realized she wasn’t afraid of Nigel. Instead, she was afraid for him and for their future. What he thought of her mattered. She couldn’t figure out when it had happened, but his trust in her mattered enough for her to want to fight for it.





Chapter Twenty-One

Just as Charlie had predicted, Nigel found Elsbeth standing in the middle of this tempest.

She stumbled as she plodded a path toward him through the violent weather. The cape she wore whipped about her slender body, tossed by the wind. Her soaked nightclothes clung to her body shamelessly. Her golden hair was wet and tangled.

His chest clenched. She looked like a besieged princess fleeing her captors and returning to a country now laying in ruin.

Hell, her feet were bare.

This wasn’t a woman who had willingly wandered out into a storm.

He ran forward and clasped her against his chest, protecting her from the driving rain by enfolding her into his voluminous cloak.

“You silly, silly dove,” he said, very aware his lips were a mere whisper from hers. Her orange blossom scent made him long to taste her. “When will you learn there is nothing but mischief to be found in the rainy weather?”

Elsbeth sneezed. It was a dainty sound that made him smile and worry at the same time. “I was stuck in the rain when I first met you,” she said gravely. “I suppose I should be more careful. Look how much of a muddle you’ve made of my life.”

A smile curled her brave lips. Giving into desire, he brushed his lips across hers.

Deuce it. She was as cold as death. He swept her into his arms. “Keep searching for another hour,” he called to the army of footmen he’d assembled.

Both Nigel and Elsbeth were soaked to the bone by the time he reached the front stoop. He kissed her forehead while struggling with the door handle. “Don’t worry. I’ll find some place dry and warm for you, my lady wife,” he said as he stepped inside.

He marched through the darkened house, up the grand stairs, down the hall, past her room, and kicked open the door to the master bedchamber. A healthy fire burned behind the grate of the fireplace, filling the room with healing warmth.

“M-my lord,” she stammered after he returned her to her feet. She hugged the dripping oilskin cape close to her body. “Perhaps I should return to my chamber.”

“We are both soaked and cold. There is no need to disturb the entire household. We can dry each other.” He didn’t need to glance in Elsbeth’s direction to know she shuddered. “And then you can tell me how you found yourself to be out in that deadly weather.”

After a search of his wardrobe, he found the shelves where his valet stored his heavy dressing gowns and a stash of towels. He grabbed up a fistful of towels and two gowns and tossed them onto the bed.

He then reached for Elsbeth.

She squealed and jumped away, tripping over the hem of her cape, a cape much too long to be her own.

Nigel didn’t have time to wonder about that now. If he didn’t want to lose Elsbeth to illness from the wet and cold, he’d have to get her out of those soaked garments.

“I am healthy as a stoat. I assure you, my lord.” She dashed across the room. “I have no need of your assistance.”

Foolish woman, she would hasten her own death if she continued to fight him. “Like it or not, I am your husband. I feel a definite responsibility after your health.” He picked up a towel and crossed the room with a purposeful stride. “Tell me, Elsbeth. How did you come to be outside in the middle of this storm?”

She crossed her arms across her chest. “I-I woke up outside, my lord.” Her gaze narrowed and she appeared to fight off a moment of confusion. “After you drugged me.”

“Drugged you?” He took her arms and peeled them away from her chest. “Why in blazes would I wish to drug you?” The cloak fell easily to the floor.

“Charlie made you believe I was plotting against you with Dionysus.”

“So you believed I drugged you in retaliation?”

Her pink tongue ran lightly over her lips as she nodded with uncertainty.

“I did not drug you.” He kissed her nose, wanting instead to cover her lips with his. “And I don’t believe you are conspiring with Dionysus against me. But if you feel you must, you can be sure I will not harm you for it.”

Her thin nightrail was indeed soaked through and through. The fabric clung to her taunt, rosy nipples and puddled between her long, creamy legs. He drew a ragged breath. And was suddenly as hard as the stones of Purbeck Cliff.

“Wife.” His voice was strained. “We must get you out of these sodden clothes.” The thought of peeling her ruined nightgown from her creamy body threatened his ironclad control. Yet the alternative, turning his back and giving her privacy, would surely put him in his grave.

“Close your eyes. I don’t wish to embarrass you, but I do need to remove your nightrail.”

Her cheeks flamed. “No. No. No. I can take care of myself, Edgeware.” The fear that had flared in her eyes melted away as she ran her hand down his chest. Her fingers trailed a path from his shoulder blade to the flat of his belly. She tilted her head and moved closer to him. She reminded him of a curious kitten straying too close to the hounds.

“So, I am Edgeware again?” He lightly touched her cheek. Lord, if she kept looking at him that way, he would soon be doing much more than simply caressing her.

She batted his hands away, but with less vigor than before. “I am not injured. I assure you.”

“That is not why I wish to remove your clothes.” He dipped his head and traced the contour of her lips with his tongue. She trembled, yet her eyes slipped closed, just as he had asked.

Heartened, he grew bolder and teased her lips apart and eased his tongue deep inside her welcoming mouth.

* * * *

Nigel’s scorching kiss chased away the death-knelling chill that had settled in Elsbeth’s bones. Like the other night in his study, this welling of need completely wiped away her caution. His gentle hands slowly moved over her body as he lifted her nightrail over her head. Not long after, a warm soft towel touched her damp skin.

She opened her eyes and peered curiously at him, trying to guess his thoughts.

“There is a bed nearby this time, love,” he said. His cheeks were warmed by his rakish smile. And all of the sudden she didn’t care that he was looking at her…all of her. Not while the soft towel and his warm hands stroked her body.

Hmmm…she sighed and peeled open his soaked shirt, rediscovering his rippling muscles.

Who was this man? Why did the soft glow in his eyes remind her of Dionysus’s lonely landscapes? How could he touch her heart so easily even while she fought to protect it?

With the towel he teased her nipples until they were taut and tingling. The sensation snaked down to her belly and lower. This time when he put his lips to hers, she parted her mouth at his touch.

He stroked her body all the way down to the damp curls between her legs. His touch awakened her body until a tingling, sinfully erotic warmth radiated out from that delicate place between her legs, spreading throughout her body. Like a fresh new day, she was gradually coming alive. Finally, she was taking her first slow breaths of life.

He swept her into his arms. With great care he lowered her onto the bed’s exotic indigo blue counterpane. She snuggled into its warmth. His spicy, erotic scent lingered on the soft fabric. She wrapped it around her while she watched him peel his wet shirt off over his head. He tugged on one of his drenched leather boots. It refused to budge. With a growl he left them on and crawled onto the bed with her. He didn’t seem to care that his boots were muddy and his fawn colored trousers were dripping. She helped him pull off his boots. He tossed them to the floor. Their gazes both followed up trousers to the straining buttoned flap at the front. Embarrassed, she quickly turned her head away.

She gasped when he touched her bare thigh and tugged her toward him. His skin felt damp and cool against her warm body. The contrast made her want him to rub his chilled, rain soaked body over hers. As if reading her mind, he kissed a path up her leg. She parted her legs as his caressing kisses moved closer to the heat between her thighs, a heat that was still throbbing from his deep strokes.

Their eyes met. His were hazy and filled with warmth. Biting his bottom lip he smiled at her. His gaze, deep and hot, raked her body over and over. “You are beautiful, Elsbeth. You’re a dream come to life, a miracle of art. Everything I have ever desired.”

He dipped his head between her legs and touched his lips to her sensitive flesh. Elsbeth gasped with surprise and tried to pull away. “This is very embarrassing,” she whispered as she buried her face into a pillow.

His tongue answered her, teasing her, creating a moist heat that bloomed and traveled up her body until even the tips of her fingers shivered with excitement. Her embarrassment, quickly forgotten, was replaced with a growing urge she couldn’t quite name. She was dying, and he was pulling her apart. Ah, such a way to die. Wondrous sensations flooded her till she could no longer think. She could no longer do anything other than squirm against the building pressure between her legs.

She arched her back and pressed her lips together to keep from crying out. His mouth was on her nether lips, deeply kissing her, suckling her until she did cry out her pleasure. He seemed pleased by her response and rewarded her by easing his hot tongue inside of her. His fingers dug into her hips. She laced hers through his hair. He pulsed his tongue in and out, mimicking the movements of lovemaking until her body felt like it was about to come apart. Her hips came off the bed as her tender flesh tightened and then throbbed, spreading throughout her body until she was nothing more than a puddle of tingling delight.

* * * *

Nigel kissed the soft inside of her thigh, setting off a fresh tremor of pleasure. Elsbeth couldn’t seem to catch her breath, but it didn’t matter. She smiled and squirmed within the soft cocoon of the bed’s counterpane as he made his way up her body, peeling away the heavy bedcovering inch by lovely inch while kissing the top of her thigh, her hip, her stomach…

He wasn’t even close to being finished with her yet. And surprisingly, she wasn’t done with him either. She felt as sensual and confident as the woman portrayed in the nude painting Dionysus had created of her.

Perhaps a happy ending was finally within her grasp.

“Nigel,” she whispered. Her heart thundered under the weight of what she planned to confess. Though she’d fought against her feelings every step of the way. He had refused to let her deny her passions, her need to be loved. And, whether she wanted to or not, she loved him. After all those lies about not being able to love, not being able to love him, he needed to know the truth. It was within her grasp to give herself the happiness she knew she deserved. And she was willing to take the risk.

“Nigel, I-I think I’m falling—”

“Good God!” he gasped and pulled sharply away.

Like a wanton she tried to draw him back. She missed his lips on her and the erotic heat his touch sparked throughout her body.

“No.” He pushed her hands away.

Cold and embarrassed to have him staring at her so, nude and exposed—almost like that…that cursed portrait—she covered her breasts with her hands and tried to roll from the bed.

“Lie still,” he ordered, his voice no longer honeyed. His wicked grin faded, so too did the hunger from his onyx gaze. “You told me you weren’t injured,” he said. It sounded painfully like an accusation.

“I’m not—I-I wasn’t hurt.” She gathered up one of his dressing gowns that was still lying in a crumpled heap on the bed. Feeling vulnerable, she started to cover herself. She should have never believed she could somehow transform herself into that beautiful, desirable woman in Dionysus’s painting. She should have never tried to reach for something so out of her depth. She was a cold woman—so she’d been told many times over—and she shouldn’t expect anyone to ever love her.

“Lie still,” he ordered.

Terrified, she obeyed.

He pressed a towel to her side. She nearly leapt off the bed from the sharp pain.

Nigel muttered a string of oaths before drawing a long, slow breath. “You are bleeding. Damnation, what happened out there?”

Elsbeth lifted the towel and saw a few smudges of blood encircling the bullet wound in her side and a deep red mark where a stitch had been torn loose. No wonder her side was hurting more fiercely now. Seeing the blood, though only a slight trickle, triggered ugly memories, memories where she felt all too helpless…all too vulnerable. Never again.

She couldn’t let down her defenses. Not yet. Not even with Nigel. He was still practically a stranger. His actions were often unpredictable. And her own were becoming more and more predictable. His appearance in the middle of the storm like some modern-day St. George had her falling into his arms, and into his bed.

Alarmed, she covered herself with the dressing gown and hugged her legs to her chest. “My lord,” she said, her voice sharp. “I am more than capable of taking care of myself. I don’t need you for a nursemaid.”

He reached for her. She scooted across the bed “I-I—” She took a deep breath. “Please, do not touch me.”

She held her breath, wondering what Nigel would do. He looked so very upset. His hands curled into fists at his side. Lord Mercer would have laughed at her, and would have touched her all he wanted. But then again, Lord Mercer wouldn’t have cared that she was bleeding. Nigel did.

He dragged a shaky hand through his hair. “Let me help you. Doctor Pryor—” he started to say when the door flew open and crashed against the wall.

Molly stood in the doorway, her eyes wild. She clutched a pistol with both hands.

“Stand away from my ladyship, you devil,” Molly said, her English spoken carefully.

“Molly, no!” Elsbeth leapt from the bed and charged forward, still hugging the dressing gown to her chest.

Nigel pushed her aside, putting himself directly in front of the barrel of the pistol. “Let’s all stay calm,” he said. His voice sounded surprisingly steady. Much more steady than it had been a moment before. She wasn’t feeling nearly as composed. She felt ready to pounce on Molly and rip the gun from her maid’s hands.

“Molly!” she shouted, trying to get around Nigel. “Molly! Put that pistol down right now! You are only making matters worse!”

“Elsbeth,” Nigel said quietly, “do not shout at her.” With his arms spread, dressed only in his sodden trousers, he took a step toward Molly.

The pistol wavered. “I will no’ be lettin’ any man ’arm my ladyship. You ’ear me? No man will be ’arming ’er again.”

“Trust me, Molly. I have no desire to harm your lady.” He braved another step toward the maid. Elsbeth latched onto his arms, trying to pull him back.

“Please, Molly! Don’t hurt him. I beg you, Molly!”

“’E drugged us, milady. ’E drugged us but good with that dinner ’e sent to us. ’E was wantin’ you docile so ’e could ’arm you. And I ’eard you crying out. I won’t ’ave it. I will be puttin’ a bullet in ’is gullet first.”

“No Molly,” Nigel said as he retreated a step. “There’s no need to be putting a bullet anywhere. Elsbeth is unharmed.”

“She’s been stripped nude as a babe.” Molly stared at the ruined nightrail on the ground. “’Er clothes been ripped away, you brute!”

“Look at your lady,” he said though he didn’t step aside to expose Elsbeth. “Does she look as if she’s been abused?”

“Please, Nigel,” Elsbeth whispered as she tugged on his arm, praying she could get him out of the way. Molly was still staring at the ruined nightrail. A murderous look was twisting on her lips.

“Molly! Look at me.” He pried Elsbeth’s hands from his biceps. “That’s a good girl, Molly. No one is going to get hurt. Hand me the gun.”

His hand shot out as quick as lightening and latched onto the barrel.

“You bleedin’ bastard!” Molly shouted.

“No!” Elsbeth screamed.

The pistol fired just as Nigel twisted Molly’s hand and pulled her up against his chest.

“So much for not waking the entire household,” he muttered. A spray of plaster peppered their faces, and the spent weapon clattered to the hardwood floor.





Chapter Twenty-Two

Nigel’s master chamber swiftly became overrun with the few remaining guests, all of them gawking. One glance at Elsbeth, still clutching that damned dressing gown to her chest as if her life depended on it, told him she was completely humiliated. Nigel was feeling quite the fool himself. He shoved Elsbeth’s maid into Severin’s arms.

“Lock her away somewhere,” he said, giving Severin a nudge toward the door. “Everyone else, out! I’ll be down in the drawing room in twenty minutes to explain what happened.” He herded the other guests, his uncle included, out the bedroom door.

He pushed the door closed and turned the key in the lock.

Elsbeth stood in the middle of the room, pale and still as Purbeck marble.

“Right.” He approached her as cautiously as he had Molly. “Let’s get you dry and into your own bed. I’ll have Joshua fetch Doctor Pryor. He will take care of your wound.”

He pried the dressing gown from her fingers, quickly slipped it over her shoulders, and tied the belt at her waist.

“What will you do to Molly?” she whispered.

The question made him pause. The gun had fired wildly, putting a hole in the middle of a painting of his great-grandparents standing hand and hand in the middle of a pasture while dressed in finery as though they were ready to visit the king.

Had he been in danger from the maid? Probably. But in the end no one had been hurt. “I don’t know. What do you suggest?”

The question must have taken her aback. She studied him, her eyes filled with wariness. “Are you testing me, my lord? Are you testing my loyalty to you?”

“No.” He sighed. What did he have to do to win her trust? His heart heavy, he scooped her up into his arms. Her hair was still damp. She needed to sit by a fire. “I won’t abide by your falling ill. You need to get warm and to rest. We will talk further on this in the morning.”

But when he lowered her to her feet in her chamber and turned to leave, her grip held firm on his arm. “Please, my lord.”

Her return to her cold, hard formality cut him to the quick. His disappointment must have shown on his face, for she quailed. Her hand slipped from his arm.

“N-Nigel,” she quickly corrected, which pained him even more. He didn’t want to force affection from his wife. How in the hell could he convince her to give her love freely outside of the bed? “Please, you are going down to the drawing room to explain what happened. I wish to be there.” She paused. “My place is at your side.”

He wanted to refuse her. He wouldn’t be able to breathe easy until she was safely tucked up in her bed with a footman standing guard at her door, and the doctor on his way.

A footman standing guard? Where in blazes was Guthrie? He should have been standing guard at her door all night. He should have protected her from abduction.

Elsbeth’s hand, so perfectly formed, touched his bare arm again. “Please, Nigel. I’m strong and quite stubborn. A pulled stitch doesn’t hurt me in the least. Let me accompany you downstairs.” With betrayals blooming all around them, he couldn’t be assured of her safety unless he personally saw to her protection, which meant he couldn’t leave her alone.

“Do you require assistance dressing?”

“Of course not. I can be ready in a few minutes.”

“Very well. I need to put on some clothes.” He looked down at his ruined trousers. Nearly the entire household had just seen him barely dressed. He smiled wryly, imagining the shocking picture they must have made. “I will return to escort you to the drawing room in a few minutes, then. Together, perhaps we can figure this all out.”

She smiled. Her rosy lips beckoned him as he pictured just how nude Elsbeth was under that ridiculously large dressing gown. “Ri-ight,” he drawled, for a sudden lack of words. He gave her a quick kiss and fled.

* * * *

Elsbeth pulled a sturdy gown from the wardrobe and slipped it on over her head. The bleeding from the gunshot wound had nearly stopped. But still she despaired that the chemise she wore underneath the gown was going to be ruined. She hated the thought of asking her uncle to purchase anything more for her. And then she remembered…

If Nigel refused to release her from this sham of a marriage, she would now have to apply to him, or his man-of-affairs, for money. She wouldn’t even have the small quarterly stipend her uncle paid her. The realization hit her hard. She sank onto the bed and cradled her head. Her hopes for self-sufficiency were gone, again.

A small knock on the door alerted her to Nigel’s return. She took a moment to drag a brush through her hopelessly tangled hair and secured the strands with a ribbon before opening the door. Nigel looked the part of the dashing lord of the manor as he stood at her bedroom door, dressed in a white shirt and buff pantaloons. A red velvet dressing gown was belted at his waist.

“Are you ready for this?” he asked.

“Of course I am,” she said before he changed his mind and insisted she stay in bed like a blooming invalid.

“I’m glad one of us is prepared to take on those dragons circling in my drawing room. They’re waiting to sink their teeth into this latest scandal, you must know. I, for one, would much rather run the other way.”

He looked as vulnerable as the day he had stood outside the drawing room and confessed his dread at the thought of entering. She still found it hard to believe. He was well-respected and so wonderfully skilled at winning the affection of others. Lord, look at what his charm had done to her. He shouldn’t need her support in facing the guests to explain what had happened. The fact that he sought it made her heart ache for him all the more.

With her permission, he lifted her into his arms and carried her to the drawing room where the rest of the household, in all manner of dress, were busy speculating on what had happened.

“I daresay she put that shoddy maid up to it,” Lady Dashborough’s voice carried across the room. “Her first husband left her penniless. She must be determined to have this one off before he can fritter away his fortune.”

Nigel shifted Elsbeth in his arms. His expression tightened and his gaze narrowed. She feared his control teetered on a sharp edge. But unlike Lord Mercer, he didn’t explode into a fit of rage. Instead, he cleared his throat as he forged into the drawing room.

“Lady Edgeware, though not well,” he said, a tremor of anger in his voice, “insisted on joining in the discussion.” He lowered Elsbeth to the sofa closest to the fire and piled several blankets on top of her. She welcomed the heat of the fire and the comfort of the blankets.

“Pardon me a moment, dove,” he said, and kissed the top of her head. “I need to speak to a servant right outside the door. I won’t be far or gone long.” Without even a nod to his uncle, he left the room.

Olivia and Lauretta, both wearing their wrappers and frilly nightcaps rushed over to Elsbeth.

“What is going on?” Lauretta asked. Tears had brightened her eyes. “When we went to bed you were fast asleep. What were you doing in Lord Edgeware’s room? Why is your hair wet? And what had happened to your nightgown?”

Olivia gave Lauretta a hard stare and shook her head. But it was Lord Ames who jumped up and guided Lauretta away. “Lord and Lady Edgeware are married now,” he said softly. “A young unmarried lady such as yourself shouldn’t be asking such questions.”

“But I don’t understand what is going on,” Lauretta persisted.

Lord Ames blushed deeply. “Ask your mama,” he choked out.

“Has Molly gone mad?” Olivia whispered.

“I don’t know.” She dearly wished Molly hadn’t charged into the room with a pistol. What would she do without her trusted maid? Who would serve as her buffer and her confidant in this marriage?

Her gaze strayed to the large painting over the sofa on the other side of the room. The deep purples appeared much lonelier and the crimsons more sinister in the dim light. Lightening flashed. The isolated man in the painting, the man standing on the rock outcropping looking out over into an endless abyss, appeared to flinch. Elsbeth shivered.

“We can talk about the rest later, Elly.” Olivia smoothed a hand over Elsbeth’s brow, pushing a damp tendril of hair from her face. “You don’t need to be afraid.”

Nigel returned then with Charlie not more than a pace behind, his young friends curiously absent.

“I’d thought Mr. Purbeck had returned to London,” Olivia whispered. Her nose wrinkled as she watched the young man with a look of undisguised distaste.

“Don’t delay any longer, boy,” Lord Charles Purbeck shouted from an overstuffed chair. He had raised his leg onto an embroidered ottoman and appeared to be in some considerable pain. “Tell us what in blazes is going on.” He slammed his fists against the arms of the chairs. “A servant tried to kill you, what? What?”

“Please don’t get yourself riled up, Uncle.”

“Not get riled up? You haven’t presented our family with an heir. You’ve married yourself to a barren woman.” The guests in the room gasped. “And, now, you’re toying around with dangers that will get you killed. What should I be feeling, boy? What? Pride?”

Nigel closed his eyes. Elsbeth couldn’t help but hold her breath. Even she was on the verge of jumping off the sofa to defend Nigel against Lord Purbeck. He’d embarrassed her husband in front of a room filled with guests. An explosion of wills was inevitable.

“Uncle,” Nigel said, his voice unnaturally sedate. “You will not speak against my wife. Nor should you worry yourself over the future of the family title or family name. I am the head of this household and have all these matters well in hand.”

“Bah! You are a fool and a damned dreamer. Just like your father.”

Nigel’s fingers tightened into fists.

“I had to raise you, provide for you because my fool brother went and got himself killed. Don’t you ever forget that.”

Everyone in the room was as still as death, waiting. Not even Lady Dashborough said a thing.

Charlie had taken a step back and appeared mortified.

This was it, Elsbeth thought. Her husband was about to explode. The muscles in her shoulders wrenched into painful knots.

“There were smugglers using my beach,” he announced to the room, turning his back on his uncle. “I believe the bullet that injured Lady Edgeware the other day was fired by one of them.” He paused and turned to give his uncle another meaningful stare. “I believe I was the intended victim. I had planned to entrap the criminals tonight.”

“Well?” Charlie spoke up. “Well? Did you capture him?”

“No. Every single man on the beach has escaped.”

“I find that hard to believe,” Charlie countered.

Nigel nodded in agreement. He then crouched down beside Elsbeth. “A servant has located Guthrie, the footman who’d been guarding your door tonight. He’d been knocked over the head and stuffed into a closet.” He took a moment then to explain to everyone else how Elsbeth had been drugged and left out in the middle of the storm.

His onyx gaze was sharp, assessing, and there was something sparkling in them that made her heart race and her cheeks warm.

“I’ve also sent Joshua for Doctor Pryor.” His voice was as gentle as a caress. “There is no need to worry. I’ll make sure you remain safe, dove.”

She wanted to reach out to him and brush away the tension straining his jaw. But old fears were hard to forget. Despite how she was growing fond Nigel, the thought of marriage to anyone still chilled her. Her hands in her lap, she let her gaze wander again to the lonely man standing at the edge of a precipice in Dionysus’s painting hanging on the wall. Perhaps the painting wasn’t a self-portrait, as she’d originally thought, but a portrait of Nigel. He kept himself apart. Even at this house party, he seemed to keep a wall around him, not fully including himself in any of the activities, not truly enjoying himself…except when the activity involved her.

“But what about that bloody crazed maid? It was her maid, was it not?” Lord Purbeck shook a crooked finger at Elsbeth. “I don’t trust the situation, boy. I don’t trust her.”

“I have already told you, Uncle Charles, that topic is not open for discussion.” Nigel took Elsbeth’s hand in his warm, strong grasp in an obvious show of affection. Elsbeth welcomed it. “Besides, we have a murderer to find.”

“You already know who he is,” Charlie said.

“Perhaps…” Nigel appeared uncertain. Was Charlie thinking of George Waver?

Mr. Waver had seemed genuinely afraid for his life at Nigel’s hands. And he’d mentioned that Nigel was already growing suspicious of his actions. But Mr. Waver had appeared truly surprised when she’d insisted that she didn’t know Dionysus’s identity. And if he wasn’t Dionysus, he wasn’t the killer. Thanks to her recent investigations, she was beginning to know something about the smuggling going on at the estate…and the murder attempts.

“Guthrie, your footman,” she said. Mr. Waver had suspected Guthrie was an accomplice. And it did make sense. He had been the one guarding her door. It would be easy for him to slip in sometime during the night and carry her away. “I wish to speak with him.”

“What? Speak to—? No, Elsbeth, I don’t want you involved any more than you already have been. This affair has nothing to do with you.” Nigel paused. “Not really. The men who attacked you did it in an attempt to hurt me. I won’t allow you to get further involved. I cannot.”

“My lord,” she said, her voice sharp enough to slice glass, “perhaps I didn’t make myself clear. I am sure the confusion is entirely my fault.” She drew a long breath. “I wasn’t asking for your permission. I was asking for you to arrange for me to speak with Guthrie. If you don’t, I will arrange it myself.”

The room fell into a shocked silence. Olivia’s jaw dropped open. So had Lord Purbeck’s. Lady Dashborogh was sputtering. Elsbeth was feeling fairly surprised herself. Never, not in all the years she’d been married to Lord Mercer, had she stood up to her husband quite so forcefully. Doing so should have left her quaking in her slippers. But Nigel had promised that he would never hurt her. And, despite all her efforts not to, she was learning to trust him.

However, confronting him in such a public manner probably wasn’t going to help their relationship. Hoping to soften the blow, she flashed Nigel a quick smile, one filled with challenge and a touch of an apology. She felt slightly lightheaded by her boldness, and by her body’s reaction to him. More often than not, when they verbally sparred, he usually ended up kissing her. She leaned forward, her lips more than a little hungry for his touch.

“I am but your servant, my lady wife,” he said. He rose from his crouched position beside the sofa. He didn’t look happy. No, he looked as if he was on the verge of strangling someone. Surprisingly, she refused to back down or let his dark mood cow her. She tilted her chin up and matched his hard glare. Again, her cheeks felt flushed and butterflies danced happily in her belly as she thought about kissing him.

After a long, heart-pounding moment, he sketched a stiff bow and left the room for a second time to speak with the servant stationed outside the door. He returned in short order with Guthrie. The burly footman was grumbling, moaning, and holding his head as he stumbled toward the sofa a few steps behind Nigel.

“Guthrie,” Elsbeth said sternly. She’d been trained to manage servants from a very young age and had honed those skills during her marriage. Lord Mercer had rarely taken the time to deal with such matters himself. “What has happened to your head?”

“What is the meaning of this?” Lord Purbeck barked.

The footman growled and turned a pleading eye to Nigel who only said, “Answer Lady Edgeware.”

“I got knocked but good on me noggin, m’lady.”

“You did?” While most servants were honest almost to a fault, there were always a few who could spin a yarn so tangled the truth never had even a flicker of a chance of seeing the light of day. She suspected that Guthrie, with his intense interest in gold sovereigns, fell short of being trustworthy.

She struggled to sit up straight on the sofa. Her side burned as if hot coals had been pressed there. The exertions that evening must have put a terrible strain on the wound, not that she would have changed anything that had happened with Nigel in the master suite. That was a memory, she suspected, she’d remember for a lifetime…even if their sham of a marriage ended in the next couple of days.

“Come over here, Guthrie.”

The footman hesitated until Nigel gave him a none too gentle shove.

“Bend down and let me take a look. Head wounds can be tricky, you see. They should never be left unattended.” All of which was true. If he were telling the truth, Dr. Pryor would be tending two patients instead of just one.

“M’lady, this is not—”

“Guthrie.” Her voice was sharp, though not quite sharp enough to cut through glass this time. “Do as I say.”

With Nigel’s hand pressing on the footman’s shoulder, Guthrie had no choice but to kneel down in front of her and lower his head.

She pushed aside his greasy hair and felt his scalp for bumps and tender areas. At first she was exceedingly gentle. Guthrie moaned and groaned and cried with pain even before she’d touched him.

“Where were you struck?” she asked him.

“Outside your chamber’s door, m’lady” he drawled.

“No, Guthrie, where on your head?”

He pointed to the top of his skull. She skimmed her fingers over the spot he’d indicated. Guthrie yelped at the lightest touch.

Elsbeth frowned. In her experience, head injuries swelled up rather quickly. Considering the amount of pain he purported to be feeling, she should be able to find at least the beginnings of a bump or a knot. She was beginning to believe that she was examining an exceptionally healthy skull.

“You may stand now.” She wiped her hands on the blanket and took a moment to consider what she should do next. She glanced at Nigel. He shrugged.

Guthrie rose. Anger filled the large man’s eyes when his gaze met hers.

“There is nothing wrong with your head, Guthrie, except for a rather unfortunate case of lice. Do you care to tell us who paid you to drug me and then abandon out in the middle of a storm?” She glanced toward Charlie, hoping to prompt Guthrie into loosening his tongue. “Was this the same man who paid you to put a burr underneath Lord Edgeware’s saddle, nearly killing him?”

“’E never said anyone would be killed, m’lady! I never killed anyone!” Guthrie shouted and then made a dash for the door.

“Just give us a name!” Elsbeth called after him.

Nigel, Charlie, and Lord Ames all dove for the footman. But he evaded their hands and the hands of the servants that charged into the room roused by the commotion. With a shout, Guthrie disappeared out the door. The men in the room, except for Lord Purbeck, ran after him.

Soon after, the sound of a gun’s shot ricocheted through the silent room. A man screamed. Another shouted “no.”

Lauretta covered her mouth with her hands and darted to the window. Lady Dashborough’s daughters, pale with shock, followed.

“Oh my,” Olivia whispered, “poor, Elly.”

No one else spoke.

Charlie ran back into the drawing room. “The footman’s been shot! He’s dead!”

Lady Dashborough fainted.

* * * *

Over an hour passed before the guests settled down. No one seemed interested in seeking out their beds. The drawing room remained crowded. Several guests sank into comfortable chairs, some meandered around the room, staring quietly at each other.

“There’s no sign of the man who fired the weapon,” Elsbeth overheard Nigel whisper to Charlie upon his return.

“You already know who did this,” Charlie replied.

Slowly, the talk returned to the subject of the smugglers. Elsbeth seemed to be the only one who believed them innocent of the killings. And since she didn’t want to talk about what had happened to her out in the storm, not until Mr. Waver had a chance to explain himself, she decided to keep her thoughts to herself.

“What do you need us to do?” Lord Ames asked. “I, like Charlie, find it difficult to believe that your army of footmen couldn’t catch even one person out of what had to have been more than two dozen men unloading a boatload of smuggled goods. Could it be possible that your smugglers are local town’s people? Possibly relations of your footmen?”

“That’s exactly what I think,” Nigel said. “Which makes the thought of them wanting me dead even more chilling.”

“The smugglers aren’t trying to kill you,” Elsbeth said before she could stop herself. She slammed her hand over her mouth and hoped no one had heard her.

“What did you say?” Nigel crouched down beside her and gently pried her hand from her mouth.

“See, Nige, I told you.” Charlie said. Like his father had done earlier, he wagged a sharp finger in Elsbeth’s direction. “Let me have twenty minutes alone with your wife. I know how to twist the truth from her.”

The room erupted with excited chatter. Elsbeth sat as dead as a statue awash in dread. In a fit of rage Lord Mercer had once handed her over to Charlie for an entire evening. Charlie, parroting her husband’s behavior, had slapped her across the face, knocking her to the floor. And when she’d tried to defend herself, he’d kicked her until she was huddled in a corner, fearing for her life. That’s when he’d grabbed the front of her gown and ripped it. He’d pressed his vile lips to hers and Mercer had allowed it. Her husband had actually laughed when she’d tried, and failed, to push Charlie away. That was the night Lord Ames had tried to defend her. The foolish man’s gallant attempt to rescue her had only made her husband’s rage that night turn all the more violent. She shuddered to remember more…She would kill herself before willingly let anything like that happen again.

“Silence!” Nigel shouted. He turned back to her. “Elsbeth, I’m sure you understand why I need to know what’s going on.” His voice was frighteningly steady, but his eyes were alive with a look of ruthless determination. “What do you know about these smugglers?”

The man responsible will not live much longer, he had vowed. And she was fairly certain from the way he had said it that he intended to personally see that the punishment for their crimes were carried out. As the highest ranking landholder in the area, he would of course have say over the proceedings.

What to do? What to do? She couldn’t tell him what she little knew, for she knew only one name. And Nigel was liable to kill Mr. Waver if she told what little she knew about his involvement with the smuggling operation. Circumstances did make him appear horribly guilty. And although she felt fairly certain he wasn’t a murderer, she had no proof. But she needed to say something to Nigel. He might never trust her again otherwise, and she needed him to trust her as she was beginning to trust him. She pinched her eyes closed and wished herself invisible.

“Elsbeth,” Nigel said. She flinched when his hand cupped her chin. “Elsbeth, look at me.”

She refused, knowing what her refusal meant. His trust. Her happiness. Their marriage.

“Let me have time alone with her, Nige.” Charlie said again, sounding hungry for the opportunity. “I know how to deal with her.”

“No, I can handle this.” Nigel took her hand and pressed it against his cheek. “Elsbeth, it is important that you tell me everything you know. It may mean my life, my dove.”

To tell Nigel might bring about an innocent man’s death. But to hold back the truth, she was likely going to destroy her future and her chance at finding happiness with a man she was beginning to love. She fiddled with her locket. She knew so little of love, so little of life. But she did know about honor. She wouldn’t let Nigel kill an innocent man.

“I gave the man my word,” she said with frightful ease. “I cannot give you his name.”





Chapter Twenty-Three

Damn, he was a fool. Apparently all his efforts to win Elsbeth’s heart had completely failed. She seemed more willing to protect a murderer’s identity than to preserve her own husband’s life.

Nigel let her hand slip from his fingers. He spoke not a word. He simply rose and walked out of the room. He needed to get away from this hell and just paint. It had been too damn long.

“Nige,” Charlie called from down the hall.

“Don’t you dare touch her,” he said without breaking his stride.

He needed to find some canvas to paint on. Hell, even a roughly cut board would do.

“Nige! Someone is trying to kill you. What should we do?”

What should he do? He wasn’t sure anymore. He’d hosted this blasted house party and put up with having all these blasted guests in his home in order to restore Elsbeth’s reputation. Then, after his hasty marriage, which had caused most to rush back to London, he’d let the few remaining guests stay. He’d known Elsbeth would be uncomfortable dealing with him on an intimate level. And had hoped the guests would serve as a buffer, giving her time to learn to trust him.

His plan had failed miserably. He now feared he’d never find a way to win her trust, or her heart.

Which meant the guests were no longer needed or wanted. He’d personally arrange for Elsbeth’s cousin’s to be safely escorted back to their father. Everyone else, though, could do whatever the hell they wanted…as long as they did it outside the walls of Purbeck Manor.

As for him, he needed to get away. There hadn’t been either paint or brushes at Purbeck since his uncle had tossed all of his art supplies into the fireplace’s flames all those years ago. Dioynsus’s domain was restricted to the dark, dank cellar in his town house. And that’s where he needed to be. He’d hire a Bow Street Runner from London to investigate his butler’s murder and tract down the smugglers. It was something he should have done days ago.

“Well, Nige? What do you want me to do?” Charlie asked.

“Send everyone home. I’m returning to London.”

* * * *

For two silent days Nigel rode in the carriage with his wife. He sat on the bench opposite her—a stranger to him—a woman who’d turned his heart inside out. She kept her lips so tightly pressed together that they had long lost their rosy hue.

He had no idea how to please her, or how to win back even one of her glowing smiles. Where was that giddy young imp who’d so firmly captured Dionysus’s heart when she’d darted across that dewy field so many years ago? She certainly wasn’t sitting across from him, wiling away endless hours watching the countryside. This woman was a mystery, a damned sullen mystery he feared he alone had created.

Love hadn’t been enough to keep her safe, at least not his love. But, then again, when had it ever been? His love hadn’t kept his parents from leaving him. And it sure as hell had fallen short of winning his uncle’s respect and affection. He wasn’t good enough. He’d never been good enough. That was why he had to keep that dark corner of his heart—the sensitive part of him that was Dionysus—hidden away.

He wanted to love her the way she needed to be loved. He needed to love her. He longed to make her giggle and blush and do all the things with her young lovers should be doing. But, with Elsbeth, he didn’t know where to start.

Taking away her maid had been a step in the wrong direction. He’d left Molly at the estate locked in an attic room with a footman to guard the door. Elsbeth hadn’t asked after her, but he could guess by the way her eyes sometimes grew misty that she might be thinking about her.

She, no doubt was thinking about a goodly number of things. She just had no desire to share any of them with him…her husband.

He cursed aloud. It was a long, colorful oath.

She didn’t even blink.

* * * *

Evening had blanketed the sky and the lamplighters had completed their tasks by the time the carriage pulled to a stop in front of Nigel’s town house near Regent’s Park. The area had been newly developed and the houses on the street reflected the neoclassical architecture so popular among the elite. Many of the homes resembled Greek temples. All contained highly imaginative elements such as large stone acanthus leaves topping Corinthian columns and imposing triangular eaves supporting the roofs.

The houses in the neighborhood were all very much alike, all except for the one Nigel’s carriage had stopped in front of. The façade was brick, not marble or stone, its roof constructed from plain slate. The house was impressive in its sheer bulk and in its bold contrast to its neighbors.

“Come, my lady.” Nigel hopped down from the carriage. He stuck his hand back into the door, offering to help her down. “We are home.”

Home. Unlike the other homes in the neighborhood, no welcoming whimsy graced this building. The sight of it left Elsbeth very cold, in fact.

She accepted Nigel’s hand. Her side pulled and burned with every little movement. The long journey had sorely irritated her injury.

“Should I call a doctor?” he asked when she leaned heavily on his arm as they ascended the steps to the front door.

“No.” She straightened and made a grand effort to walk without assistance. “I am tired. Will you please have a maid show me to my room?”

He frowned and studied her for several long moments. Elsbeth expected him to insist on immediately sending for a doctor, but he didn’t. After giving her a tense nod, he accompanied a grinning Gainsford, the house’s butler, down a shadowy corridor.

“She is an uncommon beauty, my lord,” she heard Gainsford say to his lordship. “My felicitations.”

Nigel grunted.

A maid arrived a few moments later and led Elsbeth to her room, staying to help her get settled. “Milord will hire a proper lady’s maid in the morning,” the young maid said, sending Elsbeth’s mood to a new low. Being reminded of how she’d lost Molly made her feel even more alone than before.

She didn’t feel she had the right to turn to Nigel for company or for anything else. She certainly didn’t feel she had the right to plead for Molly’s freedom. Molly had threatened to kill him, and she’d…well…After she’d so soundly refused to tell him what she knew about the smugglers, she doubted he wanted anything to do with her.

She knew she needed to tell Nigel the truth about Mr. Waver. But what if Nigel, in a fit of rage, killed his long-time friend? He’d promised to do just that. And she had no reason to doubt him. So she kept silent. And stayed miserable.

That night she laid on her back on the rather large bed in what she supposed was now her room and stared at the adjoining door to Nigel’s chamber. She listened to the creaking of the floorboards and the regular footfalls coming from his room. Her forefinger rubbed the cool gold cover on her locket as her ears strained in the darkness.

Nigel was pacing.

She had turned the key in the lock, but she still couldn’t stop herself from keeping a fixed glare on the curved brass handle. Candlelight from his room leaked out under the door.

He never tested the handle.

Some time late into the night the light was snuffed.

Tears pooled in her eyes, blurring the darkness. She wanted him in her bed. Despite the chilling tension keeping them apart, her body still burned for him. She ached to learn more about the carnal pleasures of marriage. But Nigel hadn’t even tested the handle to see if she’d locked the door against him.

Her tears spilled over her cheek, which only irritated her more.

If he’d tried to come to her, would she have opened the door?

Oh botheration! She roughly wiped her tears away. How could she expect Nigel to know how to act around her when she didn’t even know what she wanted from him herself? And why had she spent her life waiting for some knight-in-shining-armor to come rescue her when she was more than capable of rescuing herself?

She slipped from the bed and padded her way to the adjoining door between hers and Nigel’s bedroom. It was time she rescued herself.

* * * *

Someone was in the room with him, moving quietly as if not wanting to disturb his sleep. Only Nigel hadn’t been asleep. He hadn’t found a sound night’s sleep since his hasty marriage. And the string of long, frustrating nights had put him in one tiger of a mood. He tightened his hand on the revolver he’d taken with him into his bed. And waited, listening as the intruder moved closer. Well, he wasn’t going to let the bastard win so easily. One more step and Nigel would roll over and pull the trigger.

The light scent of lilacs and orange blossoms caressed his senses, filling him with images of fields of wildflowers and a certain lovely woman who’d stolen his heart.

Elsbeth?

He kept his hand on his revolver. There was no reason to believe she would come to him. Not in the dark of night. Not to his bedroom. Not like this.

The brush of fabric—soft womanly fabric—whispered in his ear. Slowly, carefully, with the revolver still held at the ready, he rolled over. Her nightrail, a pale creamy white with just a touch of lavender shadows, almost appeared to glow in the dim light as she took another step toward the bed. Her creamy smooth hands were clasped beneath her chin. The pale texture of her skin with a touch of peach highlights begged to be touched…stroked…loved. Even in the faint moonlight seeping through the floor-to-ceiling windows, the rose in her cheeks appeared nearly luminescent. She was an artistic vision. A glorious, beautiful phantasm.

Perfection.

He slid the revolver under his pillow when she lifted the heavy, quilted counterpane. As silently as a dream, she slipped into the bed with him. She hesitated when her hand inadvertently brushed his naked hip. He slept in the nude, but of course she had no way of knowing that. Though they were married, they hadn’t spent a proper night together as husband and wife. He held his breath, wondering if she was about to lose whatever courage had carried her into his room.

With a breathless sigh, she settled in next to him. Her delicate fingers lightly touched his cheeks. And with trembling lips, she kissed him.

He kissed her back. Of course he did. He moved slowly, tentatively. At first she pulled away, as if she didn’t expect to find him so awake or so pleased to find his wife in his bed. Or perhaps her courage was faltering. The reason didn’t matter. He kept a tight reign on his desires, not wanting to frighten her. Pleading with his lips, he let her know how much he wanted her kisses. He wanted Elsbeth and her love almost more than he wanted life itself. He wanted to celebrate her presence in his room as a victory for their marriage. But he couldn’t shake the wariness that was drumming slowly against his chest.

She’d spurned him. She’d told him more than once that she could never love him. And now, she’d willingly come to his bed. She was making his head spin…and throb.

He grabbed hold of her wrists and pulled her questing fingers from his naked chest, though doing so was the worst kind of torture.

“Wh-what is this?” he had just enough wits to grumble.

He hated to be twisted about. And that was just what she seemed to be doing.

He searched her eyes, eyes that appeared nearly a deep purple in the darkness. “Why are you here? What do you mean to do with me?”

A nervous smile turned up one corner of her orange-scented lips. “If a husband needs to ask, I must be doing something horribly wrong.” She wriggled against his hips. He groaned, his control slipping.

“Do not tease me,” he said through a painfully clenched jaw. His grip tightened on her wrists. “I know what you’re doing. What I don’t know is why.”

The smile faded. Her eyes turned up to the ceiling. And her teasing body suddenly became still as marble. “I want you, Nigel. I-I want to be in your bed. Tonight and every night.”

Ignited by her words, he kissed her deeply…passionately…thoroughly. And when he pulled away, breathless and near mad with desire, he placed her hand on his throbbing arousal. “I want you here in my bed, too.”

With her lips forming a small moue, she stroked the full length of him. Her eyes widened. She ran her petal pink tongue over her full lips.

Though he didn’t understand why she’d come to him, it was clear that she truly wanted to be with him…that she wanted him to act like a husband should with a wife. With exquisite care, he undressed her. His hands trembled slightly as he did. Removing her nightrail was like peeling away the protective paper from a newly purchased masterpiece, revealing a delicate beauty hidden beneath.

And her body was perfection. He caressed her as he would a beloved work of art. The soft curves of her hips contrasted against the slender plains of her stomach. Her skin was as silky as a mink’s down.

The only flaw was where the bullet had nipped her side, an imperfection she wouldn’t have if not for his own carelessness. He traced the line of stitches. The wound was still red and angry. He would send for a doctor to take another look in the morning.

“Does it hurt?”

She shook her head.

He gently slipped his hand between her legs. He stroked her, urging her body to open up to him.

“Please,” she squeaked. “Love me.”

It was all the encouragement he needed. With his mouth making love to her velvety soft lips, he slowly filled her. Her legs wrapped around his waist and he reveled in the most satisfying embrace he’d ever experienced.

I love you, Elsbeth. I love you like I’ve never loved anyone before. He couldn’t quite find the strength to make that confession for her out loud. But the words were there…on his lips…waiting…

And every beat of his heart beat with the love he was feeling for her, his wife.

His beloved wife.

A wife who was unwilling to tell him what had happened that night in the storm. A wife who was unwilling to give him the information that might save his life.

Lord help him.

But still he loved her.

* * * *

Sometime in the first gray light of morning, Elsbeth woke disoriented and drowsy. Her stomach and legs were pressed against something hard and warm. She shifted in the tumble of sheets, slowly remembering.

She’d not spent the night in her own bed.

The realization should have unsettled her. But the arms wrapped around her middle, the legs following the contours of her hips felt much too comforting, much too safe to worry her.

She twisted around, careful not to wake Nigel, and watched him as he slept. He was smiling, but she could tell by his deep, steady breathing he was sleeping soundly. With a featherlight touch, she caressed his stubbly cheek.

“Are you the knight-in-shining-armor I have been waiting for? Have you finally come for me?” she whispered the question.

His smile broadened though his breathing remained slow and deep. His slumber remained unbroken.

“I love you, Nigel,” she whispered. And then, she too smiled, and drifted back to sleep.





Chapter Twenty-Four

Later that morning when Elsbeth woke up again she discovered she was alone in Nigel’s bed. She quickly returned to the adjoining chamber, dressed with help from an inexperienced maid, and set out to find him. She arrived at a small, shadowy breakfast room where a footman stood waiting to serve her. There was no sign of Nigel. And the footmen didn’t know of his whereabouts.

Since she was hungry, she decided to sit at the table and wait for him. She nibbled on her toast and stared at the bare walls. Odd, she thought. There didn’t seem to be any paintings in the house. A sunny landscape would help lighten the deeply shadowed, somewhat grim breakfast room. The next time she saw her husband, she would ask him about that.

She had other important things to talk about with him as well. Their marriage, for one. And their relationship. But the thought of opening the door to those topics terrified her. She’d much rather talk about the house’s lack of paintings.

Though last night was one of the most glorious nights in her life—and something she wouldn’t mind repeating—it settled nothing between them. She was still withholding Mr. Waver’s name. They needed to trust each other with their secrets. But that was a step she didn’t feel ready to take, which only made her feel as gloomy as the breakfast room.

She was picking at the eggs on her plate when Gainsford, Nigel’s butler, came into the room. He cheerfully reintroduced himself and offered to give her a tour of the household whenever she was ready. He, too, couldn’t tell her where she could find her husband.

“We are all ever so happy you have arrived at last, my lady,” he said just before he left her to finish what was left of her breakfast. “We have been ever so worried after his lordship. He would lock himself away for days and refuse to see anyone. That will surely all change now.”

She took a sip of her tea and wondered how Gainsford expected her to change Nigel’s life. Lord Mercer hadn’t changed a single thing about his life in all the years she was married to him. It was she who had radically changed her ways.

And here she was, sitting at another man’s table, being forced to change yet again.

She knew she needed to trust Nigel with her secrets, with all her secrets. Especially with what she knew about the smugglers. They had left Dorset before dawn three days ago and before Mr. Waver could have had a chance to prove whether he would appear at the estate to confess his involvement in the smuggling operations. For two long days, she’d held her tongue. If Nigel came to any harm, her mortal soul would be damned. She knew that, but she still kept silent.

You will be his murderess if he dies. You will be no better than your late husband…or Charlie.

She dropped her half-eaten toast onto the bone china plate, no longer hungry.

She’d personally seen one attempt against Nigel when the boulder crashed onto the beach frighteningly close to where he’d been standing. Mr. Waver and Guthrie had both spoken of a burr in a saddle. And there had been the bullet that had struck her and the bag of stones that had hit Nigel in the head.

There may have been even more attempts.

“Dionysus.” The name sounded like a curse beating on her ears. If not for him, she would have never married Lord Mercer; she would have never met Charlie Purbeck or Nigel. Her life would have been so different.

Happy, perhaps.

Not that she’d been unhappy last night. Remembering how she’d spent the night in Nigel’s bed brought a rush of heat to her cheeks and made her ache for her husband all over again. She’d never felt so sensual…so desirable…so loveable…

But why had he left his bed without waking her this morning?

“My lady,” Gainsford said softly from the door. “The Earl of Baneshire is asking to see you. I have shown him to the front parlor.”

“My uncle? He is here?” Elsbeth rose gingerly from the chair. After her late night excursion, even her softest chemise chaffed the puffy skin around the bullet wound. But for last night, she happily endured the discomfort.

Gainsford, a man well into his fifties but in better shape than most of the younger footmen, led her to a light and airy room decorated with pale blue colors and again, curiously, no paintings. Lord Baneshire stood in the middle of a blue and white Axminster rug. He was scowling.

“Uncle.” She held out her hands and crossed the room to him.

He wrapped her in his arms, holding her tightly against his chest. “Elsbeth, Elsbeth,” he whispered. “Olivia and Lauretta told me it all. Every detail. I heard how Lord Edgeware tricked you, that bounder. He has no right to you. You don’t have to stay here. You don’t have to worry about anything. I’ve come to take you home.”

Home. A place of her own. A place where she felt safe. A place where she belonged. Lately, she didn’t feel as if she belonged anywhere.

Lord Mercer’s estate had never been a home for her. It had been a prison. A hell. And although her family had always been kind to her, she never felt like she truly belonged at her uncle’s town house. A few nights ago she had hoped she could find a home with Nigel. But because of the secrets wedged between them, that hope was fading and the realization shattered her.

She collapsed in her uncle’s arms, sobbing.

He petted her hair as he soothed her with nonsensical words and soft sounds. “I will make everything right again,” he vowed, which only made her cry harder. “I swear I will.”

She didn’t know what made her open her eyes or turn her head. Perhaps she’d sensed him there. Her teary gaze met Nigel’s as he stood in the parlor doorway. His jaw dropped slightly. A raw expression of pain sliced through his dark, glassy eyes. Never had she seen such naked torment. But she understood it. She felt it herself in her own heart.

“Shush now, Elsbeth,” her uncle whispered, patting her head. “You don’t need to worry any longer. I will free you from this disaster of a marriage.”

She tried to call out to Nigel, but tears clogged her throat and she couldn’t find her voice. By the time she could speak, the entranceway to the parlor was empty. She started to go after him. She needed to talk to him. Needed to tell him that she was hurting, too.

She needed to know if there was any hope left for her. She needed to know if she could build a home, here, with Nigel.

“Come.” Her uncle took her arm, not letting her break away. “We need to talk.” He led her to a powder blue sofa.

Her thoughts trailed back to that empty doorway. Nigel had looked as forlorn as one of Dionysus’s paintings as he’d stood there, watching.

“Sit.” Her uncle patted the cushion.

“I-I should—” she started to say.

“You should sit,” her uncle commanded with such force her legs immediately obeyed. “Now then, I’ve already contacted my solicitor. He questions the very legality of the marriage since no banns were read nor special license secured. He doesn’t believe you will even need to seek an annulment.” He crossed the room and pulled a pretty ceramic knob to call a servant. “And I will demand reparations.”

“Nigel has never acted maliciously against me or tried to harm me. In fact, he—”

“But you are damaged nonetheless. This dastardly deed will not go unpunished.”

“You rang the bell, my lady?” Gainsford asked gleefully when he entered the room a short time later.

“No, I rang for you.” Lord Baneshire said, leaving no room to doubt who was in charge. “Have all of Lady Mercer’s belongings packed. I’ll send a man over this afternoon to pick them up.”

“Lady Mercer, my lord?”

“Yes. Lady Mercer.” He swung his arm in Elsbeth’s direction. “My niece.”

“My lady?” Gainsford’s cheerful expression fell. “I do not understand. You are leaving? But you have only just arrived.”

“This marriage is a sham,” her uncle said before she had a chance to answer Gainsford. “I’m taking her home where she belongs and before a full scandal erupts.”

“A sham?” Gainsford frowned at that. “That cannot be true, my lord. The Marquess is a very cautious man. He would not bring a woman into the house as his wife if it were not true. He simply would not dishonor a woman in such a way, especially one he loved. My lady, I beg you…Do not leave.”

“This isn’t her decision to make. And stop talking such nonsense of love, my good man, and do as I bid!”

Gainsford stepped swiftly back into a bow. “Very good, my lord.”

“Wait.” Elsbeth rose from the sofa. She’d been a passive participant in her life for far too long. “Uncle, I appreciate what you have done for me. And for what you are doing now. I truly do. Your affection touches me deeply.” She drew a long shuddering breath. She was tired of living her life while waiting—longing for a home, longing for a knight on a white charger to come rescue her. Despite her family’s kindness, she didn’t belong at her uncle’s town house. Her life up until now hadn’t been living. It had been nothing more than a long string of years of waiting…desperately waiting…for something special to happen to her…

She drew off her locket. She’d taken the first step last night. She was taking control of her life. Be it happy or painful, she needed to give herself the chance to truly try and live her own life, to make her own decisions.

“Gainsford.” She held out the locket. “Please take this up to my room and have it placed with the rest of my jewelry.”

“Very good.” Gainsford tried a tentative grin. “And, Lady Edgeware, you will not be needing your belongings packed?”

“No. You may go. I need to have a few words with my uncle in private.”

“I don’t understand,” Lord Baneshire said after Gainsford had left.

“I don’t completely understand everything myself.” She held up her hand, not letting her uncle interrupt. “Yet I do know Nigel needs me.”

“But Elsbeth, I’ve been told that your life has been placed in danger at least twice. What kind of provider can he be if he allows this? And you cannot deny how you sobbed when I first arrived.”

“You are right. I cannot deny that I cried.” She slashed her hand through the air. Her heart felt more confused than unhappy. “Perhaps I simply do not know how to be happy.”

“You talk nonsense, child. You sound just as flighty as Olivia. And that girl certainly doesn’t know her mind.”

Elsbeth smiled at that. “She knows her mind better than you might think, Uncle. That is precisely why she has yet to agree to marry.”

“Women!” He threw his hands in the air. “What are you waiting for? Do you wish to remain with this man who trapped you into marriage or not?”

“Do I wish to—?” She didn’t know the answer to that question. True, Nigel had married her without her permission. The marriage wasn’t even valid. But to leave him…? “I believe I have a duty to stay. I don’t expect you to understand when I, myself, don’t fully understand my own feelings regarding him, or this marriage. But I believe I have a responsibility to him. His life is in danger, and I fear I’m the only one who can save him.”





Chapter Twenty-Five

After escaping to the cellar, Dionysus took up the brush. He’d not sketched a plan nor did he have any idea what he should paint. He only knew the pain tearing at his heart. Elsbeth had sought her uncle for comfort, not him. Even after last night, she refused to share herself with him. He didn’t know how he could convince her to offer not only her body, but also her heart.

Dark colors—blacks, deep greens, midnight blues—made for a mournful backdrop. His paints created a bleak landscape that faded into a deeply shadowed forest. He dropped his brush and turned to his worktable. With a mortar and pestle he ground vermilion mixed with a few drops of oil into a brilliant scarlet red paste. The paint lying insensate in the bottom of the marble mortar might as well have been his own blood.

She spurned his company as surely as she would turn her lips away from an inferior piece of fruit. She wouldn’t even share with him the one piece of information vital for his own protection. She’d rather see him dead than to suffer, forced to share her life with him. What could he do to win her favor? He’d tried to offer her the truth about Dionysus—the one thing he knew she wanted—and she’d refused to hear it. And he hadn’t insisted. She clearly loathed the artist who had so wronged her. Confessing the truth, telling her that he was Dionysus would only push her further away. She might even strike out against him. So what else could he do? What else could he offer? What did he have to give her besides the protection of his title, his family’s name?

And his love…?

* * * *

Three days later he slashed his brush against the canvas. He’d spent most of his days hidden away in his dank cellar, ruining his eyesight while working in near darkness on his latest painting. For three days his brush moved with a force beyond his control. The bristles pulled along the fabric, as it smoothed the edge of a delicately curved neck. He knew she would have surfaced as the central figure of this work. Had it not always been that way? Her willowy figure gradually appeared in the middle of his desolate landscape. Dressed all in white, she huddled on the ground, her face hidden from view. She was crying. Of that, he was certain.

He’d caused her pain. From the first time he’d seen her, he’d brought her nothing but pain. Their marriage hadn’t healed those wounds. If anything, it had made them worse. She spent most of her time away from the house. She was visiting with friends, she’d told Gainsford. The way his butler quaked and twitched when he was questioned about Elsbeth’s whereabouts, Nigel suspected his butler knew it to be a lie. More likely, she was avoiding him and his butler was covering for her.

All his servants appeared to be besotted with Elsbeth and more than a little protective of her. He couldn’t blame them. But it did complicate their relationship. Whenever he tried to confront her and demand that she tell him why she’d been spending so much time away from the house, a servant would burst into the room and interrupt him with some pressing household matter. When they did spend time alone together at dinner, she rarely looked at him. And his attempts to engage her in conversation were sharply rebuked.

If he tried to touch her hand, she’d flinch and pull away. When he’d discuss the Bow Street Runner’s progress in trapping the smugglers, trying to involve her as if she were an equal partner—which he hoped she’d one day become—she’d swiftly cut him off. When he’d ask her about her daily activities, she’d pale.

She was up to something…but what?

Did she want to be free of him? Did she wish him dead? She’d certainly made it clear that she wasn’t pleased to have been tricked into marriage. And, even though he’d questioned her about it several times, she remained stonily silent about what had happened to her out in the storm. Still, he held out hope that one day he would be able to win over her heart. And her trust.

The tension growing between them was eating at his soul. It would have driven him completely mad if not for the miracles that occurred in the small hours of the night. Like a beautiful phantom, she’d steal into his bedroom and in the silence of the darkness they’d make love until dawn.

Yet possessing her body alone wasn’t enough. He wanted—needed—more. But how did he demand she love him without pushing her farther away?

He bit into his lip and dabbed his brush against the canvas. This was a painting his soul needed to do as a penance.

She didn’t love him. Couldn’t love him. Like the worst sort of beast, he’d trapped her into a marriage against her will.

He didn’t deserve her. Perhaps would never deserve her. And yet he wasn’t willing to let her go. He dipped the brush into a shimmering white paste, a color he hoped could capture the ethereal glow of the sheer nightrail she always wore to his bed.

A light knock on the door broke his concentration.

“My lord,” Gainsford called out. The butler’s voice wavered, a sure sign of nervousness…or guilt. “My lord, your uncle is demanding to see you.” Gainsford paused. “He says he will search the house if I tell him again that you are away from home.”

* * * *

“I spoke with Lord Baneshire last evening,” Uncle Charles said. He was sitting like a king in the drawing room, his pudgy fingers digging into a golden snuffbox. Nasty habit, snuff. One Nigel never could find a liking for. Uncle Charles sniffed loudly. “Unless you release Lady Mercer, he plans to expose you in a most undignified and public manner for your immoral behavior. Your marriage wasn’t exactly legal, now was it, boy?”

“I intend to make it legal.”

Uncle Charles sniffed again. “That chit is of no value to you as your wife. She is barren and a tainted widow. Everyone knows how her husband was a perverted monster. Even my boy Charlie, supposedly one of Lord Mercer’s closest friends, admits to being horrified by his demented behaviors.”

“She is wounded, not tainted.”

“In your position, there is no difference.” Uncle Charles sniffed again. “Set her up with a stipend and put her in a pleasant cottage that is convenient to you. Society will laugh off your outrageous behavior and call you a scamp, a rogue, and invite you to all their insufferable balls.”

“No, Uncle.”

“She is young and pretty. She’ll make a fine mistress.”

“She will not be my mistress.” Uncle Charles was not listening to him.

“A man who has gone too long without a mistress is bound to make a mistake when choosing a wife. The wrong parts start guiding his decisions.” Still ignoring Nigel, he reached into his box for another pinch of snuff. “I’ve seen it happen all too often, boy. Now, about the attempts against your life. That is why I’ve come. We must see that they are stopped.” Uncle Charles slammed his fist into the arm of the chair, the snuff between his fingers flying. “I will not allow you to die young like your father! Damn you, boy. You should have told me about them earlier. Your horse-riding accident, it wasn’t an accident, was it?”

“No.”

“Of course it wasn’t. I should have known. Unlike Charlie, you are a natural horseman.”

“I have the matter well in hand.” He simply needed to figure out how to win Elsbeth’s trust and convince her to tell him everything she knew.

“So you say…no matter, I have hired several Bow Street Runners to thwart the villain.” He pushed heavily against the chair and rose. “They’re tracking down that George Waver. Charlie’s idea, I know. But the boy seems to be gaining some sense as he ages, thank the good Lord.”

There was no stopping Uncle Charles once he had set a course. Besides, the addition of a few more Bow Street Runners wasn’t unwelcome.

This might actually be a good thing. With Uncle Charles distracted with chasing after the man responsible for the murder attempts, it would give Nigel time to make his marriage legal.

Elsbeth may not yet love him, but he wasn’t willing to give her up.

Not a chance.

His uncle’s visit had made that much clear to him. He needed to act, and act soon, to make it near to impossible for anyone to tear his Elsbeth away from him. Devil take it, he would have to suffer through another social event. It was the only way.

“Gainsford!” he called out through the halls of his empty house soon after his uncle had left. “Gainsford!”

The cheerful butler appeared from around a corner. “Yes, my lord?”

“Begin what needs to be done to plan a ball. As grand as you can imagine. I wish to celebrate my marriage in the most visible and crowded manner.”

Gainsford’s face paled. “A ball, my lord? With-with people? Are you certain?”

“Yes, Gainsford. The more the better.” Nigel began pacing.

“And when shall this ball be held?”

Soon. Tonight would be impossible. It would take at least a few days to prepare for such an ordeal. To order the food. To send out invitations. “Friday should do.”

“F-Friday, my lord?”

“Yes, Friday.” He was adament.

“Very good, my lord,” Gainsford gave a deep bow and hurried down the hall.

* * * *

Elsbeth returned from a long, trying day of visiting a string of residences to find the Edgeware household in chaos. The servants were running this way and that while speaking far too loudly and apparently accomplishing nothing. After pulling off her gloves she grabbed hold of Gainsford’s arm as he rushed by her. He nearly dropped the three-stemmed candelabra he was carrying toward the dining room.

“I beg your pardon, my lady. I didn’t see you there, my lady,” he stammered. “There is so much to be done.”

“For what purpose?” she asked, a brow raised and her voice purposefully stern.

“For the ball, of course. He wants it held on Friday. Friday! And it has to be a grand affair with over half of England in attendance.”

“I see,” she said, wondering what her husband was up to. Though she had some stern words for him, it had nothing to do with this ball. Knowing well her duty as marchioness, she gathered the servants around and took the matter of planning the ball well in hand. She assigned each servant several specific tasks and had taken it upon her self to handle the most important details personally. After Friday evening, there would be no question that she was simply Nigel’s latest piece of baggage, or a grasping mishap. His mistress. Indeed!

She may have been hidden away throughout her marriage to Lord Mercer, as if she were nothing more than an embarrassment or a failure. But she wasn’t going to hide any longer. She had every right to take her hard-earned place in society. And she intended to do just that.

But it wasn’t those whispering town tabbies who had made tears spring to her eyes. No, it was something that had been carelessly said to her by a lady whose reputation was far more tattered than her own. In fact, the very beautiful Mademoiselle Dukard wasn’t a lady at all. She’d made her fortune from selling her favor to rich gentleman.

Gentlemen like Lord Mercer and—she wiped away a tear—Nigel.

Nigel.

“Even your Lord Edgeware keeps a mistress,” Mademoiselle Dukard had leaned forward in her velvet chair, which was the exact shade as her lovely crimson gown. She’d said it in defense of her own profession. But the words hurt just the same. “He visits her several times a week, you should know. I hear he was with her yesterday.”

Elsbeth had had to swallow down a sudden stab of pain.

“I’ve not come to discuss my husband,” she’d said crisply. “It is his cousin, Mr. Purbeck who interests me. Do you know if his financial affairs have taken a turn for the worst recently? Is he in danger of coming to a bad end if he doesn’t pay off an unsavory moneylender?”

Mademoiselle Dukard had given a deep throaty laugh. “I know of nothing so dramatic.”

She told Elsbeth how Charlie was down on his luck, but that was nothing new for him. And there were others in the ton who were much worse off. There had been a horserace at Newmarket whose outcome was supposedly guaranteed. But it didn’t turn out how the young bucks who’d laid down a fortune in funds had expected. Charlie, the mademoiselle had heard, had placed the largest of those bets, though most of that money was not his own. Several of his friends lost small fortunes after being lured by Charlie into putting up their own funds on what he’d promised to be easy money.

“Of course your Edgeware is more careful with his fortune,” Mademoiselle Dukard had said. “He spends more time with his beautiful mistress than at the horse races.”

Elsbeth tried to steer the conversation back to finding the evidence she needed to prove to Nigel that Charlie was plotting to do him harm, but the mademoiselle resisted. Desperate to talk about anything but Nigel’s mistress, Elsbeth had even tried to question her about Dionysus. What did she know about him? While Mademoiselle Dukard seemed genuinely interested in finding Dionysus for herself—it would make her a fortune in blackmail—she knew very little that was helpful.

Undaunted, Elsbeth had pressed on, all the while her heart breaking over the news of Nigel visiting his mistress even after Elsbeth had spent the last several nights in his bed. Perhaps she hadn’t pleased him. Perhaps Lord Mercer had been right. Perhaps she was too cold for a man to enjoy.

“I don’t know if you are aware,” Elsbeth had said, while fighting off tears, “but several attempts have been made against the Marquess’s life. Do you know if Mr. Purbeck or Dionysus or anyone else for that matter would have a reason to want him dead?”

Mademoiselle Dukard had pursed her glossy, full lips. “No, no, not Charlie. He’s more like a vulture, circling the dead. He wouldn’t kill. He’d only plunder.” She waved her hand in the air. “As for Dionysus or the others in the Marquess’s life?” She shrugged. “I cannot say.”

No amount of prodding could get Mademoiselle Dukard to change her mind on that matter, and eventually she’d left the woman’s parlor. Like Nigel, the mademoiselle firmly believed Charlie to be nothing worse than a swindler. Elsbeth knew better. Yet she didn’t know how to convince anyone that he was a danger…to her…and to Nigel.

Nigel.

She swiped at another troublesome tear.

The thought of him going to a mistress…

Anger and anguish pounded in equal measure against her breast.

“Where is his lordship?” she asked Gainsford before sending him off to take inventory of the wine cellar. Lord Mercer had never been faithful. Apparently it was a flaw common to all men. No matter, she planned to take a strip off Nigel’s sorry hide. He’d tricked her into a marriage she hadn’t wanted and yet continued to see his mistress? The cad. The bounder.

“Why he’s in his study, my lady. Do you need me to show you the way?”

Twisting her gloves with ruthless determination, she let Gainsford lead her to Nigel’s study. He sat at his desk. His man-of-affairs, a smart looking man with thick glasses, sat in a chair across from him. He appeared to be working on a long list.

Nigel glanced up and gave her a smile.

Was he thinking of his mistress now while he smiled at her, his wife? Her heart shrank away from the thought.

After dismissing his man-of-affairs, he crossed the room and placed a kiss on her cheek that left her cold. He’d made love to her. His hands had moved across her body, making her feel more than she had ever dreamed possible. Had he been thinking of his mistress then?

“My lord,” she said, curtly. She made a conscious effort to lay her twisted gloves aside and to not reach for the locket she’d stopped wearing several days ago.

He gave a long sigh. “Elsbeth.”

Eyes dark as the midnight sky stared into her soul until she found it nearly impossible not to fidget. Surely, he didn’t plan on just standing there…staring.

“My lord,” she said again, feeling suddenly confused. When she was around him lately she found it hard to think, which only confused her more.

How could he make love with such passion every night and still pay visits to a mistress? How could he be so cruel?

She was about to demand an answer when she saw it.

Above the fireplace hung the town house’s only work of art—a tempest ripping a delicate rainbow to shreds. The painting sharply reminded her of what he was doing to her heart.

* * * *

Nigel cursed. He should have never allowed her entrance into this, his private domain. Her lips parted slightly as she stood transfixed by the painting.

That damned painting, a raging tempest that violently tossed about the waves at sea. The sea and the wind tore at the canvas. The purples, blues, and blacks created an ominous image of Dionysus’s soul…of Nigel’s soul.

No hope, no joy, nothing of beauty had been created by pushing those paints around that canvas.

“You loved Dionysus,” he said at long last.

“Yes,” she said.

“I see.” He saw only too well what was occurring in her troubled mind. He should tell her the truth or set her free. He had no right to keep her close when she deserved peace.

Why couldn’t he say the words? Why couldn’t he tell her the truth? About Dionysus? Why was he so afraid of her reaction?

“Come to my bed tonight.”

She blushed deeply. “I-I—” Her hands fluttered before landing squarely on his chest.

“Come to my bed, Elsbeth, not as a thief would sneak into a room but as my wife. Come to my bed when we retire.”

Her sapphire eyes sparkled with a heat that curled his toes. Perhaps she was remembering last night. Remembering that he’d been a little extra daring while they’d made love. Elsbeth had arched her graceful back and purred like a kitten in response. And then as they cuddled within the cocoon of the sheets she’d kissed him with such tenderness that his heart had nearly burst.

If he kissed her now she would no doubt melt into his embrace and they would be repeating the events of that wondrous night in his study at his country estate here and now in this stogy London study. But he didn’t want to take her that way. Nor did he wish her to continue to be a silent phantom sneaking into his bedroom in the middle of the night while a chilly wall remained between them in the light of day. She deserved to be wooed.

And damn it, he swore he would simply have to learn how.

“Please Elsbeth,” he said, feeling like a beggar. “Come to my bed tonight. Be my wife.” He swept up her hand and kissed her knuckle while seductive images flooded his body. The arch of a bare toe, the curve of an elegant neck, the shimmer of her golden tresses…an evening that was far too many hours away. “Let me prove to you that I can be the husband you deserve.”

* * * *

Not long afterwards, Nigel left the house on foot. With a jaunty stride he made his way toward Oxford Street.

“Where is the Marquess going?” Elsbeth asked Gainsford as he moved to close the door. She’d nearly convinced herself that Mademoiselle Dukard had been lying about Nigel. How could he turn her knees to jelly with one heated look and not be totally devoted to her? It was impossible. He may have had a mistress in the past, but no more. She refused to believe it.

Gainsford moved slowly, latching the lock before turning around to answer her. “I cannot say, my lady.”

The butler’s eyes danced a nervous jig.

No, it couldn’t be true. Certainly Nigel wouldn’t seek out his mistress shortly after imploring Elsbeth to make their marriage real. Certainly he wouldn’t do that to her…would he?

“Fetch my pelisse.” If she hurried she would be able to catch up with him. Confront him.

“And where will you be going, my lady?” Gainsford asked, his nervous eyes still dancing.

“I believe I will join Edgeware in his walk.”

“Oh dear.” Gainsford slumped against the door.

“Gainsford!” Her voice rose to make his name a command. She was determined to see this other woman with her own eyes.

“I will fetch your pelisse, my lady.” He scurried away.

Catching up to Nigel was no easy task. He kept a brisk pace and only spared acquaintances he met on the street the courtesy of a tip of his shiny beaver hat.

She trailed several yards behind, hiding her face in the shadow of her straw bonnet. All the while, she kept a keen eye out for attackers. On such a crowded street anyone could stroll up to Nigel and stick him with the sharp end of a knife. It didn’t appear that he was being the least bit cautious, either. He should have a footman with him or perhaps a friend watching his back. Well, even though he didn’t realize it, he had her. And she’d fight for him.

At Oxford Street Nigel turned toward Hyde Park. Several blocks later he darted down a small alleyway. She waited, wringing her hands before following.

She was a ninny, the worst sort of ninny, too. Why, Nigel could be visiting a friend, going to a gaming hell, or attending to any manner of pressing business a man of his position must surely be plagued. She should have never followed him.

And now she couldn’t turn back. Not without first seeing that he arrived safely at his destination.

Thankfully, the alleyway was not the frightening den of filth she’d feared it would be. The apartments were tidy, albeit a bit cramped, and the street swept clean.

Nigel had stopped in front of an ancient two-story cottage tucked between the apartments near the end of the alley. Vegetables were growing in a miniature garden on either side of the short path that led up to the front door. Without hesitation he knocked.

Elsbeth’s heart stopped when the door swung open. A voluptuous woman with the most glorious head of amber curls stepped out. She gave Nigel an easy smile and, swinging the door wide, welcomed him into her home. Of course the woman would welcome him with a smile. He, no doubt, paid the rent.

But his affairs didn’t matter, did they? Elsbeth did not—could not—love Nigel. True, she had confessed her love for him while he was sleeping. But surely she’d been lying to herself. Surely, she’d known better than to fall into such a honeyed trap again.

A peel of laughter rose from the house.

She was fond of him, true.

The laughter grew louder.

She had believed him honorable. Perhaps her heart did hurt just a bit. She stepped closer to peer shamelessly into a window. The room, a small parlor, was filled with furniture that was quite old but well cared for. Nigel was seated in a wooden chair near the fireplace. A small boy, no more than five years old, squirmed and giggled on his lap.

The lad’s eyes were dark like midnight…just like Nigel’s. His aristocratic nose and strong chin were delicate copies of the man holding him. The boy gave Nigel’s ear a tug.

Both father and son laughed.





Chapter Twenty-Six

This was worse than Elsbeth could have ever imaged. Far worse. She backed away from the window heedless of the vegetables she crushed under her kid boots. How could she hope to compete when this woman had already given Nigel a gift she could never give?

Here, in this little cottage on a dingy back alleyway, lay Nigel’s heart.

“Lady Edgeware?” Much to her horror, Nigel’s mistress appeared at the door with a shawl over her shoulders and a woven basket on her arm. After a quick glance back inside, the woman stepped closed the door behind her. “Please, take my handkerchief.”

Elsbeth dabbed at the tears she hadn’t realized she’d let fall.

“You are very beautiful, Lady Edgeware.” Nigel’s mistress smiled just as warmly at Elsbeth as she had with Nigel. “It torments him, you know. He doesn’t quite know what to do with you. Come.” She stepped into the alleyway. “Walk with me.”

“What about Nigel? Will he not miss you?”

The mistress laughed. “No, this is his time with Michael. My time with Edgeware ended years ago.” She gave a wistful sigh. “I am Bess, my lady. Please, do not worry overmuch, I will not tell him that you followed him.”

Bess accompanied Elsbeth back to Oxford Street. The two women walked in silence past the small shops and residences lining the road.

“Have you truly no questions?” Bess asked after they had stopped to peer into an upholsterer’s shop window. Elsbeth shook her head, unable to think.

Bess put her hand on Elsbeth’s sleeve and they began walking again. “I have a question then, my lady.”

Elsbeth steeled her nerves. Clearly, this woman was in love with Nigel and had every right to be sorely jealous.

“Are you the one?” Bess asked and laughed before Elsbeth had a chance to be puzzled by the question. “Of course you are. It’s foolish of me to ask, isn’t it? He wouldn’t have married you otherwise. He’s loved you for nearly a decade, hasn’t he?”

“We have only just met,” Elsbeth countered.

Bess shook her head. The hand on Elsbeth’s sleeve tightened. “You may have only met him, my lady. But I daresay he has known you for many years.”

Dionysus. Nigel was his keeper. And Dionysus had plagued her for nearly a decade. What Bess claimed could be true.

“And now Nigel’s life is in danger,” Bess said. “I worry for him, though he’s laughed off my concern.”

“I fear his cousin is after his fortune and title. I’m doing all I can to stop him.”

“Yes, I have heard that you’ve been making inquiries,” Bess said. “Do not look so shocked. Living as I do gives me access to all manner of information. All manner.” She lifted her brows. “Charlie Purbeck is a blackguard. I wouldn’t trust him for even a moment. But, I believe you are looking in the wrong direction with that one.”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, my lady, Charlie does not have enough of a backbone to be a killer.”

“But if not Charlie…who would want my husband dead?”

* * * *

Evening came with Gainsford fidgeting even more than usual and Elsbeth more rigid. If only she would smile when Nigel entered a room.

The dinner table was set for two with Nigel’s best china. The servants were obviously trying to make a favorable impression on their new mistress. That was good. The more comfortable she felt in his home, the less she would feel the need to run back to her uncle.

Elsbeth, dressed in a plain gray gown that appeared to be a size too large, stood behind her place setting. Her hands curled about the back of her chair when he entered.

“You look lovely this evening,” he said, and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. He pulled out her chair and helped her to sit.

Her hand fiercely gripped his arm as she sank to the seat.

“You are in pain.” Alarm shot through him. Infection. The doctor told them they had to watch out for infection.

“I am fine,” she protested.

“I will have a physician come round tomorrow.”

“Really, my lord, that isn’t necessary.”

“So, we are back to ‘my lord’ again.”

Gainsford entered with a footman and a maid each carrying trays of food. The cook had outdone herself once again. The fare was better than anything he could remember tasting. Perhaps it was the company that made the food so sweet since, truly, he would not have been able to describe even one dish served that evening.

They ate in silence. Elsbeth kept glancing up at him, her eyes filled with questions, but she held her tongue. Nigel kept his peace as well until the last plate was removed and Gainsford had left the room.

“We are hosting a ball this Friday.” He dabbed his mouth with a napkin. “In celebration of our wedding. You should meet with Gainsford in the morning to discuss the details.”

She nodded and drew several agitated breaths.

“I pray you will be available to attend?” Had he been too imperial in his manner? Had he presumed too much by deciding to hold the ball without discussing it first with her? With Elsbeth so careful to keep her anger in check, he found it difficult to tell. Sometimes he dearly wished she would simply shout at him so he could know what was on her mind. Lord Mercer had taught her to hold her tongue too well, damn his black soul.

She carefully folded her linen napkin and placed it on the table to smooth out the edges. “Tell me about Bess and Michael,” she said at last.

The hard edges of the chair’s wooded back bit into his spine. “What-what do you wish to know?”

“Bess, she is lovely.” Her chin was stiffly held, her gaze, naturally, unreadable. “And so is your son.”

A glimmer of pain darkened her sapphire glare.

“Michael will be six years old this June. I plan to send him to Eton when he is old enough.” Had he betrayed Elsbeth by lying with Bess six years ago? Oh hell, even if what he’d done was wrong, he wasn’t going to apologize for the birth of his son. “I won’t deny his existence to anyone.”

Elsbeth began to tap on the table with the tip of her slender forefinger. She turned her gaze down to watch her own repeated movement.

“I would never ask you to.” Her finger kept tapping. “Do you love her?”

Now there was a question. Six years ago Nigel believed himself in love with Bess. She smiled for him and always welcomed him into her bed. Her brand of erotic affection was like a soothing balm.

“Bess let me forget. Uncle Charles has never approved of the man I became. I am a dreamer like my father, he says. And he is right.” She continued to tap her finger on the table. “I’ve always struggled to please my uncle. When I was with Bess, she let me forget my responsibilities, my title, my name. When I was with her I was able to control my obsession to—”

Her hand stilled, and she glanced up.

He’d been on the verge of admitting to her that being with Bess quieted his obsession with painting. Bess had given him a glimpse of what peace must feel like.

Was that love? No, she’d simply given him an escape from his life.

“After Michael was born I came to realize I wasn’t prepared for the responsibilities that come with illicit relationships. Like so many of the gentry, I cannot ignore a bastard child. A child is a child no matter which side of the blanket he is born.”

When he saw his words were having no effect on Elsbeth, he stood. “Bess is Michael’s mother. For the past six years, that is all she has been to me.”

“Where are you going?” she demanded. For the first time since their marriage he heard a note of true anger in her voice. But since he was embarrassed by having to answer for an indiscretion that had happened six years ago, he didn’t realize that her anger was a step in the right direction.

Instead of sweeping her into his arms and kissing her until she was breathless with need, he slammed his fist against the table. “That, my prickly wife, is none of your concern.”

“Is it not?” Fire leapt from her heated gaze. “Is it not?” she repeated louder this time.

“You’ve made yourself clear from the first day of our marriage. You don’t want to have anything to do with me. So why should I feel the least bit obligated to answer to you?”

“Because—!” she shouted. Tears glistened in her eyes, but she swiftly blinked them away.

“Because…?” he whispered in the long silence that followed.

“In case you have forgotten, my lord,” she said, her voice crisp enough to frost the crystals hanging from the chandelier, “your life is in constant danger. Yet you walk the streets with no apparent concern for your own welfare.”

“Careful there, sweet, you sound almost as if you care.”

“I do care, damn you!” She gave a little scream and pushed past him as she fled from the dining room. Shortly afterwards, a door somewhere in the house was slammed shut in a most unladylike manner.

* * * *

I do care…Her words—words that had sounded as if they’d been ripped from the deepest depths of despair—echoed in Nigel’s head as he disappeared into the cellar to paint…to do what he knew best.

Alone and apart. Life was easier that way. He didn’t wish to cause her any more pain. Yet everything he did seemed to hurt her.

He didn’t know what to do. So, for Elsbeth’s sake and his own, he stayed in the cellar all night. He was too much of a coward to see if she would come to his bed, if she would still let him make love to her body even though it was her soul he yearned to touch.

The next day Elsbeth’s cousins, Olivia and Lauretta along with their elderly maiden aunt, Violet, spent hours sequestered behind the parlor doors laughing and enjoying themselves. What they discussed, Nigel could only wonder.

As soon as her family left, he sought her out.

His senses alert, he quickly found Elsbeth in the small gold parlor in the back of the house. She was sitting next to Gainsford and, by the looks of it, in the middle of reviewing a complicated menu.

Gainsford took one look at Nigel and jumped to his feet. He stuttered some nonsense about needing to check on the butter and then rushed from the room.

“Good afternoon, my lord,” Elsbeth said. She looked as fresh and clean as a new day after a week of heavy rain. She was dressed in a simple yellow and white striped gingham gown, and with her hair pulled back and tied up with a wide lavender ribbon.

“Please,” he said. He might as well been that awkward, lanky boy painting flowers and a certain young maiden in Oxford. “Please, sit with me for a moment.”

She pursed her dewy lips and tilted her head as she paused to consider the request. With the grace of a queen she glided over to the settee he stood beside and lowered herself onto the cushion. She sat with her back gently arched and her head slightly bowed.

He settled in beside her with considerably less grace. “I wish to hold your hand.”

He uncurled his fist, ungloved and chilled, and waited to see if she would touch him in the bright light of day. “Remember that day at your uncle’s?” he said while he bided his time. “I was so certain you would refuse to touch my hand. And that, my dove, made me even more eager to win your favor.”

He was beginning to feel foolish sitting there with his empty hand raised. She had turned her head and was staring at his palm, wide-eyed.

With sad resignation, he closed his hand and pressed his knuckles into the plush cushion.

“You’ve been trained too well to hold your tongue, Elsbeth. My darkest wish is for your Lord Mercer to be alive again so I could kill him.”

She recoiled from the violence of his words.

“What was your life with him like?” he’d not wanted to ask that question. He feared the answer. But Lord Mercer and the life Elsbeth had with him seemed to hang between them like a leaden curtain.

“I’d rather not talk about him.” She reached for the locket that had curiously disappeared from her neck. Finding it gone she clasped her hands in her lap.

“For the sake of our marriage, I need to know more about the ghosts that haunt those lovely eyes of yours. You told me once that Mercer was a monster, and I don’t wish to cause you any more pain by asking you to remember, but you have to talk about this. The torment was evident in your eyes even before you met me. I know, I’d noticed you and your troubled eyes at your uncle’s ball. Let me try to take on some of that burden for you. Let me in, Elsbeth. Even if it’s just a little.”

“I-I don’t know that I can. I don’t know that I should. You have to understand, I was disloyal to my marriage vows. I was disloyal to him.” She smiled painfully. “I was not a very good wife. I don’t know if I can be one.”

Her admission broke his heart. “You wrongly put the blame on yourself. From what you and Molly have told me…and from what I’ve heard about Mercer from other sources, it sounds as if he was the worst sort of husband. By being cruel to you, he was the first to break the marriage vow. And once that vow was broken, you were no longer under any kind of obligation to him.”

“He was an angry man,” she conceded. “It started soon after the wedding. He’d been boasting to his friends how he’d married the most beautiful woman in all of England. And—” she hesitated.

Nigel waited in silence.

She squeezed her hands together and then cleared her throat. “You probably need to know this. Your cousin, Charlie was visiting at the time. I had met him once before, but only briefly. He’d flirted shamelessly with me that first time we met, vowing that we’d marry. But I was already in love with…with…Well, I put Charlie off, and I don’t think he forgave me for it.

“And then at that cursed dinner party, where Mercer was boasting how he’d married the most beautiful woman in all England—much to my mortification—Charlie listed at least a half dozen ladies whom he believed more lovely. Some of the other men at the table had nodded in agreement. That night—”

She looked away suddenly. Her voice turned rough. “That one comment put Mercer in a black mood for the rest of the evening. He kept glaring at me. I puzzled over his odd mood, naturally. It was really quite embarrassing. That evening, after we retired, I confronted him. He struck me across the face. I remember falling to the floor.” She fell silent again. “He pulled me back up and hit me again…and again…and again…and…” Her voice trailed off.

“Oh dear God,” Nigel whispered.

“By the next morning, no one would think me lovely looking like that, which only made him more cross.” She turned back to Nigel, her gaze searching his. “Learning that I was barren only made him hate me more. And yet he was the one who had pushed so hard for our marriage. He was the one who had given me those paintings, claiming that he had created them. He was the one who’d claimed that the paintings had been made for my eyes, and my eyes alone.”

That last part had been true. Nigel always thought of her when he painted. Ever since he’d first seen her as she’d danced across the field, his paintings were for her. Only for her.

“But I quickly learned he wasn’t an artist. He didn’t even like art.” She sighed and closed her eyes as if remembering something that had once brought her pleasure. “For many years into my marriage I foolishly held onto a fantasy, hoping that there might be a knight-in-shining-armor lurking in the home wood and planning to rush the gates to save me.”

She lifted her head. Her blue eyes shivered. “You knew me, before my marriage? Bess says that you knew me even then.” She swallowed hard. “Loved me. Because of Dionysus?”

He searched for the words to tell her the truth.

Her shoulders fell and she lowered her head again. “Of course that couldn’t be true. You are a good man. You would have never allowed me to suffer at Lord Mercer’s cruel hands. I waited for someone like you to come along…for Dionysus to find me. Surely, if you had known about my situation, you would have stormed the gates. You would have saved me.”

“If only I had known…If I had it all to do over again I would have been a better man. I would have sought you out. I would have protected you.”

Elsbeth did an amazing thing then. She reached out and took his hand, uncurling his fingers, smoothing out his tightly held fist.

“Your fingers are cold,” she said. With both hands she vigorously rubbed away the chill. She then took his other hand within her palm and began rubbing. “Gainsford and I have decided to serve chicken for the ball, if that will suit. He tells me that Cook does wonders with some exotic spices and the chicken. I cannot remember the name of the dish.”

“Khorma.”

Elsbeth nodded as she continued to massage his hand and wrist. She seemed quite unconscious of her actions. He closed his eyes and imagined that they were alone and in the master suite. In the middle of the night she often touched him this tenderly. Under the cover of darkness she was a different woman, a sensual woman unafraid of her husband. In those late night hours he was grateful for what she’d given him. And yet, even though he was afraid of hurting her again, he wanted to be intimate with her in more ways than just the physical.

“Cook spent several years preparing meals for a general in India. She picked up several recipes.” With nimble fingertips she worked to relax the sinews crisscrossing the back of his hand. Did she know what she was doing to him?

It was amazing how intuitive her movements were in finding the tension buried beneath his skin.

“Will that suit?” she asked, pressing quite hard on a particularly sore spot.

“What? Yes, yes, of course. The chicken dish will be fine. Elsbeth, do you truly find marriage to me distasteful?”

She dropped his hand and jumped up from the settee. “Oh, you are a vexing man, my lord!”

“Vexing, Elsbeth?”

“Terribly, horribly, so. And you know it well. So, please, don’t pretend to not know that you’re able to twist my head around.” Her pretty little fists were pressed against the most exquisite hips he could ever hope to encounter.

“Twist your head—? How so?” He rose and stood directly in front of her. She was trembling like a small bird longing for the freedom of the vast sky. Her wide eyes remained riveted to his. Her stare fed the fire burning in his chest.

“You continually confound me, my lord.”

“Nigel,” he said. “My name is Nigel. I insist you use it.”

He held out his empty palm. “Place your hand in mine.” When she hesitated, he said, “I insist.”

She was quick to comply.

He was acting the part of bastard, he knew. But if she’d only give him the chance, he knew he could make her happy.

“Good.” He led her back to the settee. They sat side-by-side holding hands like a pair of naïve youngsters. “Now tell me, Elsbeth, specifically how do I vex you?”

“Specifically?” She chewed her bottom lip. It was an excruciatingly erotic act. “I do not wish to be fond of you, my lord.”

“Nigel,” he corrected.

“I do not wish to be fond of you, Nigel.”

“And you are fond of me?” He could only hope.

“Yes.” She tore her gaze away.

“A certain degree of fondness for each other is beneficial in a marriage.” With a gentle caress of her cheek, he coaxed her gaze back to his. “I am more than a little fond of you, Elsbeth. I do love you, you know.”

“No, do not say that.” She pulled from him and fluttered her hands in the air. “Do not say that.”

“But it’s true. Perhaps you will never be able to return my affection. But Elsbeth, believe me when I tell you my love is genuine.”

“No…no…no,” she said, shaking her head. “You cannot.”

He caught her fluttering hands in his. “Kiss me, Elsbeth. Let your heart hear what your ears refuse.”

“But I refused to tell you the name of the smuggler.”

“I know.”

“You have a mistress—”

“I had a mistress.”

“And a child. I-I cannot give you a child.”

“Yes, I love my son. But I also love you. Kiss me, Elsbeth. Just one small kiss.”

She stared deep into his eyes. Her throat tightened as she swallowed hard. “Just one kiss.”

It took all of his control not to pull her into his arms and kiss her. But no, this was something she had to do for herself.

She leaned forward. She closed her eyes just as her lips brushed his. It was a chaste kiss not unlike one he would give an aunt. Her lips were hard and firmly sealed.

He despaired at his failure to reignite the passion he knew lay buried deep within her. He had seen that passion come alive several times now and had witnessed the miracle of her pleasure. He groaned deep in his throat from the memory.

She responded. Her lips parted as she heaved a tender sigh and sought his with a hunger he’d not dared to hope for in the light of day.

She clasped her hands at the base of his neck and clung to him while she deepened the kiss, swirling her tongue in his mouth with a courtesan’s skill. Gradually, she pulled back. Her sapphire eyes were darkened with a lusty haze. A rosy glow colored her finely formed cheeks.

She kept her fingers clasped around his neck.

“So, where do we go from here?” she whispered.

“Hmmm.” His mind filled with thoughts a gentleman should not share with the gentler sex. “I suppose you should tell me, Elsbeth, do you truly find marriage to me so distasteful?”

A sparkle brightened her eyes. Her lips curled into a delightfully wry smile. “I think I shall have to kiss you again.”





Chapter Twenty-Seven

She didn’t want to love him, but it seemed the harder she fought against it, the deeper she fell. He’d woven a spell around her, one that made her heart pound heavily in her chest every time he was around.

When she kissed him, she tasted what she’d missed in her life for far too many years—a home. Not just a roof over her head but a safe place where she could rediscover herself, where she could live and grow. And love. A life with a man she could trust. Oh, she so dearly wanted to trust.

He traced his finger along her tear-dampened cheek. “I love you,” he whispered. “Let that be enough. Let me love you.”

With her mouth she told him how she was willing to share her life with him. She wanted—no, needed—the confidence he gave her more than she needed to breathe. Nigel touched her, caressed her, encouraged her while their tongues played a prelude to how their bodies would touch.

He eased the bodice of her gown off her shoulders and freed her breasts so he could put his mouth to its swollen bud, suckling and teasing her until her whole body was throbbing with desire. His hands roamed lower and he parted her thighs.

Ah…this was the way life should be. She prayed that this wasn’t just another illusion as she lost herself to the moment…to the feel of his mouth on her body…to his love…

“Edgeware!” The gold parlor’s narrow door swung open and cracked against a marble top cabinet. An expensive Wedgewood jasper and ivory colored vase plunged to the plush gold-tinged Persian rug. The vase bounced but didn’t break.

Mr. George Waver, his clothes rumpled, his face smudged with black soot, charged into the room. Gainsford trailed close on his heel, wringing his hands in a helpless gesture.

“Oh my,” she heard Gainsford mutter. He was no longer looking fretfully at Mr. Waver, but he was now looking at her and Nigel and the erotic positions of their bodies on the sofa. A shocked expression quickly turned to one of satisfaction, softening his furrowed brows while bright spots of color stained his cheeks.

Nigel sprang to his feet and with his arms spread wide to put himself physically between her and Mr. Waver. “Whatever quarrel you have with me, George, I demand you leave Elsbeth out of it. I will never forgive you for dragging my wife out into the middle of a storm and nearly killing her.”

“Is that what she told you?” Mr. Waver charged.

She tugged on her gown’s bodice, desperately trying to get the crumpled material up around her torso, to cover her breasts that were displayed for all in the room to see. It had been so easy for Nigel to get the cursed gown off her shoulders, she couldn’t figure out why it should be so difficult to set herself to right again.

“She told me nothing. Damn you!” Nigel grabbed Mr. Waver by the cravat and shook him. “You bloody bastard! You coerced a vow out of her! You turned my own wife against me!” He shook Mr. Waver again.

Elsbeth had just gotten her sleeves back into place when she realized Nigel had finally cracked. His shell of control was gone, and if she didn’t act quickly, he might actually kill his friend. She certainly wasn’t going to let that happen. She rose quickly from the sofa.

“Nigel!” she shouted and sharply clapped her hands. “I demand you stop this right now! Honor your bonds of friendship with Mr. Waver. Listen to what he has to say before you kill him!”

Nigel dropped Mr. Waver and rounded on her. His dark gaze glittered with fury. Amazingly, she stood her ground. Amazingly, she didn’t fear that he might raise his hand against her.

“You know I am right,” she said much quieter. “Ask him, why is he here? If it is to kill you, where is his weapon?”

“Gainsford.” Nigel’s voice was deadly smooth. “Escort my wife from the room.”

“No, Gainsford,” she countered and matched her husband’s determined glare with one of her own. “I will not leave.”

Gainsford appeared too mortified to move from his spot in the doorway.

“Elsbeth, what do you think you are doing?” Nigel whispered.

“Protecting you from yourself. You will not kill Mr. Waver.”

“Kill him?”

“I will not permit it. You will listen to him.”

“Kill George?”

“You will listen to me.” She leaned in closer; her nose nearly touching his. “You will listen to me.”

“I say, Edgeware, are you planning to kill me?” Mr. Waver drawled. He sounded…amused?

What was going on?

“I was planning to beat your bloody head into the bloody ground,” Nigel answered without releasing Elsbeth from his heated gaze. “If you did indeed try to kill me, it would put a terrible strain on our friendship. I trusted you. And if I learn you harmed even a hair on my wife’s head, I will have to put a bullet through you.”

“Gainsford,” Elsbeth said, her head spinning, “please fetch a pot of tea. I believe Mr. Waver, Edgeware, and I shall sit down and discuss this matter in a civilized manner.”

“Civilized,” Mr. Waver said with a light chuckle. “Now there’s a thought that makes me shiver.”

“Take a seat, George.” Nigel ordered and then took Elsbeth’s hand in his. He pressed her open palm to his lips…in front of a grinning Mr. Waver. Elsbeth’s cheeks flamed. “Though I might not always agree with you, I will always listen to you, dove.” He smiled then, his dimples deepening. “And please don’t look as if you think I might eat you. It’ll scare George.”

Gainsford returned with a piping hot pot of tea and three delicately painted floral patterned cups. Elsbeth served.

“So tell me, George,” Nigel said after making a show of sipping his tea. “Why have you overset my butler and forced your way into my home after hiding from me for nearly a week?” Where he sat, so close to her, his leg brushed up against Elsbeth’s.

This closeness made her very aware of his body. She could feel his movements, no matter how small. Listening to the conversation, really hearing what Nigel was saying, was turning into a chore as her thoughts kept straying back to the moments before Mr. Waver had burst into the room and to how her body had been even closer to her husband’s. Someone should open a window. The room was surely overly warm.

“A thousand pardons, Edgeware,” Mr. Waver said. Laughter was still brightening his eyes. “Gainsford had told me you were away from home. But I knew he was lying, and I needed to speak with you without delay.” He did have the decency to blush and murmur his next words. “I hadn’t paused to consider the common behavior of newly wed couples.”

Elsbeth squirmed with embarrassment. It didn’t matter that they were married.

Nigel must have sensed her discomfort. He gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “You have better say what you need to say, George, before I call for a constable to haul you to Newgate.”

“I suppose you are in the right if you wish to do something so drastic. It is true, I have been running the family smuggling operation from your beach. The whole village has been doing so for generations. But I swear, I have never tried to hurt you or your lady wife.” Mr. Waver sipped his tea. “And I bloody well didn’t kill your butler or that deceiving footman of yours.” The beverage did have a civilizing effect on society. He very carefully set down the cup on a highly polished side table. “What I do know is that someone tried to kill Lord Purbeck this morning. If I hadn’t been following him and if I hadn’t had the opportunity to intervene, I’m certain your uncle would be dead right now.”

“And why were you following my uncle?” Nigel asked calmly. He still held Elsbeth’s hand, though it was very improper for him to continue such a blatant display of affection in front of guests. Perhaps it wasn’t affection he was seeking in her contact, but strength. He had sought her strength before, though the very idea still astounded her.

“I’d believed Lord Purbeck was trying to kill you.”

“Uncle Charles?”

“He is the heir apparent,” Mr. Waver pointed out.

“Uncle Charles raised me as if I was his son.”

“You aren’t his son, though. But apparently he isn’t the one we are after. His life is in as much danger as yours.”

“With Nigel and Lord Purbeck out of the way,” Elsbeth said, “Mr. Charlie Purbeck would stand to inherit the title, the fortune…and the power.” It was the power Charlie craved most. Elsbeth was certain of that.

“Charlie wouldn’t want to hurt me,” Nigel was quick to say.

“I wouldn’t be too sure,” Mr. Waver said. “Lady Edgeware, you know Charlie from his acquaintance with your late husband. Tell me, what makes you believe he is capable of such treachery?”

“Lord Mercer and Mr. Purbeck were gamblers of the worst sort. They gambled with money they could ill-afford to lose.” She drew a deep breath. “I believe Mr. Purbeck has somehow gotten himself into trouble by betting a fortune on a single horserace.”

“I see,” Nigel said.

“The cove was foolish enough to put all of his money on one horse?” Mr. Waver asked.

“No.” She pulled her hand from Nigel’s grasp and clasped her hands tightly over her knees. She bent slightly forward, well aware of her unladylike posture as she explained what Mademoiselle Dukard had told her. “I have learned that he didn’t use his own money but had borrowed deeply from friends, telling them that they would all come out rich.”

“This is unbelievable.” Mr. Waver leaned back in his chair.

“So that is why he has been pressing me for the thirty thousand pounds,” Nigel said. “But he’s gotten himself deep into debt before and has never tried to kill me, or anyone else for that matter. I cannot believe he would do so now.”

“Within the last week I have interviewed several women.” She paused remembering the string of paramours she had encountered. “With their help I have compiled a list of gentlemen who gave Mr. Purbeck money for that bet.”

“With whom have you been meeting?” Nigel asked.

She closed her eyes and shook her head. He wouldn’t approve. What man would wish his wife to be consorting with women of that sort? But she needed to start being honest with him. She needed to trust him to be strong enough to hear what she had to say and to not punish her for it. “I met with Mademoiselle Dukard first.”

Mr. Waver drew back with a gasp of surprise.

“It is dangerous to go after a killer alone and even more dangerous for a gentle woman such as yourself to go to the places where women such as Mademoiselle Dukard reside.” There was a touch of anger in Nigel’s voice, but it was similar to the kind-hearted scolding he had given Lauretta at the ball. “I don’t want your life put into danger. Seeing you harmed shortens my life. You should have sent me in your place.”

The mademoiselle had only provided Elsbeth with the most rudimentary of details. It was Nigel’s own Bess who’d introduced her to the other women involved. She’d accompanied Elsbeth on the visits and they had been quite safe.

“Who I met with and how I was introduced to them is not important. What is important is that someone appears to be very interested in having you dead…someone who could make use of your money.”

Nigel sprang to his feet. “Not Charlie. He is like my brother. He would never do anything to harm me.”

Bess also didn’t believe Charlie capable of murder. But neither of them knew Charlie’s true nature. If only Nigel knew…yet Elsbeth could never tell him the full truth about that horrible night, or of how he seemed to relish watching as Lord Mercer tormented her. She could never tell him the pain, the humiliation she suffered when Charlie had joined her husband in the abuse.

“I still haven’t ruled you out, George.” Nigel shot an accusing finger in the direction of the chair where Mr. Waver was currently lounging.

“Are you back to that? I suppose I do owe you an explanation. Like I’d said, Edgeware, I have been using your shore to smuggle goods into the country.”

“Yes? And you lied to me about it. Why? Why not tell me the truth when I asked you?”

“Why?” Mr. Waver lurched forward. “Because you are so damned innocent. You don’t understand going to bed at night with a burning hunger in your belly. My family is respectable, yes. But there is no money behind that respectable name. My mother and father did the best they could to hold the estate together, mortgaging it several times over just so we would have a place to live, an illusion to preserve.”

“You could have told me.”

“I wasn’t looking for a handout, dammit!”

The two men stared at each other seemingly deadlocked. The calming effect of the tea seemed to be wearing thin.

“Will you turn me in?” Mr. Waver asked quietly. “If you do, all I ask is that you try not to involve the rest of my family or the villagers.”

Nigel clasped his hands behind his back and began pacing again. “Did you drug my wife?”

Mr. Waver’s jaw dropped as he stared at Nigel, dumbfounded.

“Did you drug my wife and put her out in the storm to die?”

“He saved me from the drenching cold, Nigel. He didn’t put me in it.”

“Is this true?” Nigel asked Mr. Waver.

“Yes, Edgeware. I am insulted that you have to ask.”

Nigel gave a small growl and tugged at his hair. The black strands all stood on end giving him a tousled look that Elsbeth thought adorable.

“Dammit, I no longer know who I can trust. Until this is over, the only person I will trust will be you, Elsbeth.”

“Me?”





Chapter Twenty-Eight

At three o’clock, the fashionable hour for riding, Severin turned his well cared-for but woefully old-fashioned phaeton pulled by two horses instead of the usual four onto the busy social circuit in Hyde Park. At least his two horses were prime specimens of horseflesh. Nothing at all to be ashamed of in front of the lovely Lady Lauretta.

This was the first time he’d ridden through Hyde Park for the sheer pleasure of a lady’s company. Lady Lauretta spun an open parasol in her hand, her large hazel eyes never sat still. She appeared to be searching the faces in the park, perhaps searching for someone in particular. Severin worried her heart still clung to that milksop, Sir Donald Gilforth.

“Oooo,” Lady Lauretta cried. “There’s Elsbeth. And she is with him. She’s smiling at him.”

Severin turned his head after tipping his hat in passing to an acquaintance who had smiled a bit too lewdly up at Lady Lauretta for Severin’s liking and caught sight of Edgeware riding in a sparkling curricle with the new Lady Edgeware seated beside him. Miracle of miracles, the severe lady was indeed smiling.

She looked quite beautiful.

“The Marquess appears to have a positive influence on your cousin,” Severin pointed out.

“Papa says there is naught but trickery and deception under Lord Edgeware’s roof. Poor Elsbeth.” Lady Lauretta spun her parasol even faster. “Papa says she’s been hoodwinked. She actually told Papa that only she could protect that bounder from the dangerous situation he’s gotten himself into.”

“You don’t say,” Severin said thoughtfully.

“She’s been investigating the matter on her own. Can you believe such nonsense? I told her just the other day that I have never known her to act in a foolish manner, but look at her. I told her this myself, she is acting the fool now. And still, she refused to come home with Olivia and me.”

“I say,” Severin chuckled at the thought of the mild Lady Lauretta trying to face down the formable Lady Edgeware. It was a wonder that Lauretta didn’t appear singed after such a harrowing experience.

“You are laughing at me!”

“No, my lady, not at you.”

“You are! Olivia laughed the same way, telling me I was a silly innocent.”

Severin tucked her hand into his large palm. “I am not laughing at you, my lady.” He brushed a quick kiss across her knuckle. “I am merely amazed at your bravery. I once stood up to Lady Edgeware years ago and was presented with the most harrowing set-down I have ever been handed in all my life.”

Lady Lauretta turned sharply and stared down her pretty little nose at him. Severin laughed again. She was so different from the jaded widows whose company offered him nothing long-lasting.

The fact that Lady Lauretta was also an heiress strangely did not matter one whit. It wasn’t her money but her mind that attracted him. She had an uncanny ability to recognize not only visible talent but also the potential talent of budding artists. Just the other day he’d taken her to both Sotheby’s Auction House and Christie’s to discuss the various artworks offered for sale. With her sharp eye and his slick business sense, they could develop quite a lucrative business.

“I simply do not trust him.” Lady Lauretta’s gaze had returned to Edgeware’s curricle. The Marquess’s pair of perfectly matched blacks pranced alongside Lord Charles Purbeck’s landau.

“Edgeware is a fine gentleman, my dear. I owe much to him.”

Lady Lauretta tipped her head back so he could clearly see her entire face below the rim of her wide bonnet. “How so?”

Now that wasn’t something a gentleman certainly shared with a lady.

A little over a year ago, Severin had slinked out the back way of a stinking gaming hell after losing a bundle of blunt he could ill afford to lose. He was following a path his father had taken, a path that led straight to ruin.

“Ho there,” Edgeware had called to him.

Severin had stumbled, having imbibed far too much while losing hand after hand in cards. “Leave off, sir. Leave a man to his honorable fate.”

Severin winced as he remembered. This was definitely not a story for genteel ears, for he had pressed a pistol to his own temple, fully intending to end his miserable life before he could drag his family even further into debt.

“You shouldn’t play with such toys,” Edgeware had said and pinched the pistol from Severin’s grasp, pocketing the weapon before Severin could slur a drunken protest. “They could inadvertently hurt a man.”

That was when Edgeware had begged Severin for his help. He had a pile of paintings he wished displayed and sold.

Severin now knew that Edgeware had no need to sell his paintings. He didn’t benefit from fame; he shied away from it, in fact. And he certainly didn’t need the money.

“Edgeware made a great sacrifice to save my life. Let’s just leave it at that,” Severin said to Lady Lauretta. He steered his phaeton off the social circuit and onto a shady tree-lined side path hoping to steal a kiss. He’d not had a moment alone with her since Edgeware’s house party and he rather enjoyed exposing Lauretta to such shocking adventures as stolen kisses and hidden embraces.

“I told you no! I will not!” A woman’s voice echoed through the leaves in the canopy above Severin and Lady Lauretta’s heads. Severin drew the phaeton to a halt.

“What do you think that was about?” Lady Lauretta whispered.

Whatever it was, it wasn’t at all a thing a respectable lady needed to be a witness to. “I have no idea.” He jumped down from the landau and then took Lady Lauretta around the waist and swung her down to the ground.

“Wait here.” He tied the reins to a tree. “But don’t stand too close to the carriage in case the horses decide to bolt.”

“No! I will not agree to help you!” The woman’s shrill voice carried through the air and assaulted their ears.

Severin sprinted toward the woman’s cries, following a narrow footpath, and then stopped mid-stride. Within a blink, he made his way back to Lady Lauretta. He took her by the shoulders, pulling her close. “I will be right back,” he whispered before he gave her a thorough kiss on the lips.

“Oh my!” Lady Lauretta cried. A full blush bloomed on her cheeks when he set her back down.

“Won’t be but a moment,” Severin called, as he ran again down the narrow trail on a quest to rescue the distressed lady hidden somewhere in the park.

He drew to a halt when he reached a small clearing. A man and woman, both dressed in the unmistakable flare demanded by the haut ton, stood toe-to-toe arguing. The gentleman, if one cared to call him that, was twisting the lady’s arm.

“No!” the woman cried.

Severin stepped into the clearing. “I would abide by the lady’s wishes if you know what is good for you, sir,” Severin said. He stripped off his riding gloves.

“You?” the man growled, still squeezing the poor woman’s arm. “Get out of here, Lord Ames. This is none of your affair.”

It took a moment for Severin to recognize Sir Donald Gilforth. The fop wore a high guillotine collar with an overdone strangling cravat. The combination of the two nearly swallowed the bottom half of Sir Donald’s face. His highly polished beaver hat was pulled low on his brow. Perhaps Sir Donald didn’t wish to be immediately recognized.

“Ducky,” Severin gave a deferential bow and quick smile to the lovely courtesan. Recognition of the seductive lady dressed in a high-waisted gown of the sheerest silver muslin had been almost instant. “Is this matter truly none of my affair? Am I simply an old prude intruding on a romantic liaison?”

Ducky twisted away from Sir Donald and sauntered over to Severin. She pressed her hands against his chest. “Are you prepared to offer me a better deal, my lord?” In a slow, smooth motion, she moistened her lips.

Severin mutely stared at her slender fingers stroking his superfine navy coat. Not a glimmer of interest sparked, not even a quickening of his steady heart rate. In fact, his thoughts strayed back down the trail to where Lady Lauretta had been left stranded in the middle of the path. He really should return to her.

Ducky reached up and was poised to demonstrate her seductive skills on his lips when Severin took a step back. “I was merely looking to be of assistance to a lady in distress.” He sketched a bow. “I see now I am indeed intruding. My pardon.” He turned on his heel and made haste back down the darkened forest path.

“What do you suppose that was all about?” a soft voice whispered from behind him.

What in the world?

Severin spun around and planted his hands on his hips as he stared down at Lady Lauretta. She was pouting. Her dark brown ringlets bounced in the warm spring breeze.

“I am beginning to believe Sir Donald is naught but a rogue. Here he is found flirting shamelessly with that lady while openly courting Lady Constance. Shame.” A smile sneaked into her expression. “I am thrilled, however, that I am not in Lady Constance’s position.”

“You-you followed me?” Severin sputtered, still not quite believing that the innocent Lady Lauretta had just witnessed Ducky’s outlandish behavior. The Cyprian had nearly kissed him!

“Yes, I followed you. I wasn’t about to be left all alone alongside that deserted roadway. Do you think I’m daft? I knew very well why you turned the carriage off the social circuit. Lord Ames, you were looking to kiss me again…like you did in the picture gallery.”

Severin shook his head and started back toward his phaeton. Lady Lauretta looked much too pleased with herself. She should be scandalized at the very least.

“You were planning to kiss me?” She sounded much less certain now.

Did she really wish to know the answer to that question?

“I say.” He heard her stomp her foot in the dry dirt. “I will not return to the phaeton until you answer me.”

Severin smiled as he slowed his step. “Perhaps a little,” he said.

“Perhaps a little? What kind of answer is that? What does perhaps a little mean? Perhaps a little, indeed!”

Severin turned around then. Lady Lauretta’s cheeks glowed. The chit was enjoying herself. He suspected she hid an adventurous nature behind that veil of innocence she wore. Perhaps it was time someone helped her discover the extent of that delightful character trait.

“Why don’t you come here and find out what I mean?”

Lady Lauretta considered Severin, her expression grave. “I should think it is the gentleman’s duty to come to the woman,” she murmured before slowly crossing the distance between them. “Shall I place my hands on your chest? That lady with Sir Donald, she was going to kiss you, was she not? She placed her hands on your chest.”

Severin could feel the heat of a blush rising to his face. Lady Lauretta should not have witnessed that. She should not even know such women exist.

“Yes,” he said, and had to quickly clear his throat. “Yes, do brace your hands against my chest.”

“Like this?” She had also risen up on to the tips of her toes and tilted her head.

“Yes, like that,” he said, sounding a mite strangled. He drew the pad of his thumb over her gentle brow. This woman was everything he desired.

“Sweetest Lauretta, I will kiss you now.”

What kicked in his chest when his lips touched her full mouth was not raw lust but something much worse, much more final. Slowly he drew back.

Lady Lauretta protested with the most endearing little cry.

Severin swallowed hard. His hands, he was amazed to find, were trembling. “Lady Lauretta,” he said, “I believe I must call upon your papa in the morning and make this all very formal.”

Her smile faded a degree. “What ever do you mean?”

Severin sunk down to one knee. “Marry me, Lauretta. With your keen artistic eye and depth of knowledge combined with my salesmanship, we will make quite a pair, you and I.”

“We will?” Her frown deepened.

“I am not a rich man. Like your Sir Donald I am up to my ears in debt, though I am slowly making headway on that front. I am not one to waste my funds, I will have you know.”

“Sir Donald is in debt? But he dresses in all the latest fashions.”

“So do I.” The ground was becoming uncomfortable. A pebble was jabbing into his knee. “It is an illusion, living on credit, a grand illusion. Will you consider marriage to me?”

“I don’t know…”

“Do you enjoy kissing me?” he shamelessly asked.

“Oh, yes,” she glowed as she answered.

“And do you find me pleasant to look at?”

“More than pleasant.”

“Do I bore you? Does my conversation put you to sleep? Do you think I am an awful dullard?”

“Oh, yes, terrible.” Her smile returned.

“Would you mind being a partner in my enterprise? We could find young artists and help them to develop their talents.”

“Oh, I would enjoy that.” She paused while pursing her lips thoughtfully. “Partners, you say?”

“Partners.”

“In that case, I think you should call on Papa this evening. There is no reason to dally, my lord.” She sprung herself into his arms. And gave him an enthusiastic kiss that upset Severin’s balance, sending them both tumbling to the ground.





Chapter Twenty-Nine

Elsbeth looked content as she ascended the wide, curving stairs to the suites that evening with Nigel at her side. The damning tension that had been keeping her from talking with him had apparently thawed. For the first time since their marriage, they’d spent the afternoon together. And had talked about important matters, picking apart every detail for Friday’s upcoming ball. They’d also spent time discussing the smugglers and Charlie and even—very briefly—Dionysus. But that wasn’t what was making him smile. It was that they’d talked about how the frail clouds that brushed across the sunny sky made them both feel wistful or how sneaking a treat from the kitchen made them both feel like a giddy child again. And they’d laughed.

Nigel had discovered that his pragmatic Elsbeth had a cunning sense of humor. Like him, she found the high sticklers in society amusing. However, she was distressed that some powerful members of society believed their marriage was a sham and their living together as one of the worst scandals to ever befall London. He promised that no one would question his devotion to her or to their marriage vows after Friday’s ball.

Amazingly, after a day of sharing each other’s company, they only disagreed once. She had mentioned that the seamstress had made a terrible mistake when cutting the bodices.

“You have to agree,” she said as they neared the second floor landing. She put her hands just below her breasts, drawing Nigel’s gaze to the gentle swells that had the power to make his body come immediately to life. “All my gowns are cut shamelessly low.”

“Shamelessly?” he said with a laugh. “Your body is an artistic masterpiece, especially certain lovely parts that deserve to be worshiped. It would be a sin to cover them up any more than you already have.”

“Worship? Is that what you call what you did two nights ago?” she asked playfully. A bright blush stained her cheeks.

Feeling suddenly serious, he caressed the length of her silky arm. “You are a treasure I intend to cherish with every breath I’m given.”

“You are too pretty with your words,” she said, and swatted his arm.

“Then let me use my lips in a different pursuit.”

She gave a little squeal as he chased her up the last couple of steps to the landing. And then they stopped in front of his bedchamber’s door. Her smile faded as she seemed to realize where he’d led her. She reached for the locket she no longer wore.

“Your locket,” he asked. “Did you lose it?”

“No.” She sighed deeply. “I chose not to wear it anymore.”

She did? “You did?” What secret had she kept hidden in that locket? “Why?”

“I grew tired of the trinket.” It was a lie. He was beginning to recognize the signs. He was learning how to read her body as clearly as he could hear her voice. When he reached for her, she tried to pull away from him, which didn’t make any sense. They’d been getting along so well today. He wasn’t ready to let it come to an end.

“The ball is tomorrow, Nigel. We should get a full night’s sleep. Do you not agree?”

Of course, he agreed. They’d plotted together in order to come up with a plan to draw out the killer. The ball could prove to be a very dangerous affair. They should rest and keep their minds firmly on the situation at hand.

“Come to my bed,” he said.

“I don’t think I should,” she said and dug her pearly white teeth into her bottom lip.

“I don’t believe you,” he said with a smile.

She blinked.

“Come to my bed, love.”

She shook her head and looked a trifle confused as her pretty blush deepened. “It’s a great leap of faith is it not, Nigel?”

“What is?”

“Trusting another person with your body and with your…”

Damn Lord Mercer. “I will never abuse your trust, Elsbeth. I love you. I truly love you. You trust that I’m telling you the truth about my feelings, don’t you?”

He realized then that his poor, broken-hearted Elsbeth needed him to reach out to her. She needed him to love her and make her feel safe, secure. She needed a place where she could let her heart heal. She needed his love as fiercely as he yearned for hers.

Not wishing to continue this conversation in the middle of the hallway where a passing servant could disturb them, he took her hand and led her to his bedchamber, kicking the door closed behind him. He pushed aside the draperies surrounding his bed so he could sit at the edge of the bedding.

“Why did you say earlier today that you would trust me, and no one but me?” she asked as she wandered to the far end of the room. “Why me? I keep asking myself that question. And yet, I have no answer. I haven’t given you a good reason to trust me. What made you take that leap of faith?”

“You are my wife.” He could see right away that answer wouldn’t do. He could only imagine how living with a bastard like Lord Mercer would make the sacred bonds of marriage feel like the bars of a prison.

She paused from her study of knickknacks scattered on top of a dresser and peered over her shoulder at him.

“A man should trust his wife,” he said. “Just as a woman should be able to trust her husband.”

“But I haven’t proven trustworthy. I didn’t tell you about Mr. Waver or the information I discovered about Mr. Purbeck until this afternoon. Do you not wonder if I’m keeping any other secrets?” She picked up a comb from the dresser top and turned it over in her hand.

“If you are, I trust you have a good reason.”

“Even if that reason is to wish you dead?”

“Do you wish me dead, Elsbeth?” he said with emotion.

“I prayed for Lord Mercer’s death. My prayers were answered…eventually.” She dropped the comb and turned around.

“I would have prayed for his death if I were in your position, too. I don’t see that praying for release from an undeserved hell is so great a sin.” He steadied himself for an answer he might not want to hear. “Do you wish me dead?”

Her searching sapphire gaze pressed against his soul. “Not yet.”

He laughed and patted the quilted counterpane. “I suppose only a fool would hope a wife never wished her husband to the devil. Come, sit beside me. I’m bored of all this peacefulness between us. I think I would like you to kiss me again.”

When she hesitated, he added, “I am not at all like Lord Mercer. Do you not agree?”

She frowned as she considered the question. “I feel like I am perhaps a different woman with you.”

* * * *

It was one thing to sneak willingly into Nigel’s bedroom in the dead of night. But to be lured to his bed like a rabbit to a fox’s den made her knees wobble. A man had a right to demand his wife’s submission in the bedroom.

Even though she loved Nigel, how could she ever feel safe? How could she know that he wouldn’t ever demand what she wasn’t prepared to give?

“I’m not Lord Mercer. Perhaps our marriage could be different from your first one? Perhaps it could be better?” he asked, speaking the words her heart longed to believe.

And it was true what she had said. He did make her feel like a different woman. He caressed her cheek and kissed her with such fierce desire, she felt as at ease with herself as the nude woman Dionysus had portrayed her to be.

Elsbeth turned so Nigel could unfasten the line of buttons down the back of her gown. This was what marriage could and should be like, safe and comfortable. She slipped her gown from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor.

“I will never demand you do anything that you don’t want, dove.”

“I want this,” she whispered between kisses. “I want you.”

This was the moment her heart had been waiting for all her life. She sought his kisses, his caresses, following his lead and boldly touching him in ways she knew excited a man. Soon, they were both in his bed. Soon they were both naked.

Nigel’s breathing quickened. His arousal throbbed in her hand. She willingly gave him this pleasure. It pleased her to touch him, to know she was the cause of the glazed look in his eyes and the reason his head fell back on his pillows. The realization fed her own budding hunger.

She lowered her mouth to him. Nigel sucked in his breath when her lips touched him there. He groaned her name and she made love to him with her mouth. With a frustrated cry, he grabbed her shoulders. “Tonight is for you, my sweet dove,” he whispered into her mouth. “Only for you.”

His gaze, deep and hot, raked her body over and over. “You are beautiful, Elsbeth. You are a dream come to life, a miracle of art. Everything I have ever desired.” He touched her with his hands, running fingertips gently over her arms, ribcage, and hips. When he began showering her with kisses, she was lost…

* * * *

They’d made love with a roomful of lit candles. She’d shouted his name. And after a short rest, they’d made love again.

The love of his life had drifted off to sleep after finding satisfaction for a second time.

Nigel traced the line of stitches on her side. The bullet wound was still angry and raw. He would send for the doctor to take yet another look at it in the morning. And he would be more careful when he took her again. But for now, he planned to let her sleep.

She shifted in the bed and moaned. Nigel, still aroused and uncomfortable, fought the urge to give into his desires a third time. He had meant it when he had said that this night was for her and her alone. He would let her sleep. She needed her rest.

She’d given him a wondrous gift tonight. She’d let him love her not as a man might love a dream, but as a husband might love a wife. For the first time in a long time, he felt at peace with himself.

* * * *

Throughout the hectic day that followed, thoughts of that magical night stayed with Elsbeth. Nigel’s gentle words, his coaxing her to trust him with her heart, made her smile at the oddest moments. She found herself smiling at the cloth in her hand early that morning while supervising a team of footmen as they polished the silver in the dinning room. It was a task she had trouble concentrating on, not just because of last night but also because tonight’s ball promised to flush out the man trying to kill both Nigel and his uncle.

It was Charlie, she was certain. But Nigel had to learn for himself the difficult truth.

“My ladyship!” Gainsford rushed into the room. She hadn’t seen the butler at all that morning. Each had been busily preparing for the ball. And there was still much to be done. But he seemed to have forgotten that, as well as his place. He tossed his arms around her and gave her a most improper hug.

“Gainsford!”

The butler quickly regained his composure. He stepped a proper distance away and blushed as he waved away the curious stares of the young footmen. “Forgive me, my lady.” He dipped a bow. “Just-just, I am ever so happy you…that you’ve come to this household, that you—” Gainsford cleared his throat and blushed.

Did the whole household know that she’d spent the entire night in her husband’s bed? She lifted her chin and did her best to hold onto her composure. “Yes, Gainsford?”

“Lord Edgeware was happy when I spoke to him, my lady.” He said this as if Nigel had never experienced a happy morning in his life, which was an idiotic notion.

“I am sure the Marquess is anticipating the excitement of this evening’s festivities. And if we don’t wish for him to be disappointed, I suggest we returned to our preparations.”

The footmen all hastily returned their attentions to the silver. But Gainsford’s lopsided grin was not to be so easily deterred. “You don’t understand, my lady.” Gainsford spoke softly now. “I bless the day his lordship finally found you. And I thank you.”

Slightly shaken, she gave Gainsford a curt nod. She had so many more things to do and no time to be embarrassed by the servants. Evening would arrive soon enough and though the house was nearly ready, she would still have to prepare herself for the ball, a ball that would send a signal to all of London that she accepted her marriage to Nigel. Surprisingly, she had accepted her marriage to Nigel. And for the first time in a long time, she felt content.

By the time evening arrived, most of the tasks on Elsbeth’s list had been ticked off. Many of the servants had disappeared belowstairs, and the house was quiet. Elsbeth fussed with a flower arrangement in the drawing room and caught herself smiling again. Despite fighting him every step of the way, she was now hopelessly in love with her husband. Did he know that she loved him? Had she told him yet? She couldn’t remember.

“Elly, whatever are you doing fussing with those flowers? You should be upstairs dressing.” Olivia flounced into the drawing room like a happy wren. Her stunning pale pink evening gown was cut daringly low in the bodice so that the flimsy material just barely kept her breasts contained.

Lauretta and Aunt Violet followed in Olivia’s wake at a much more sedate pace. Elsbeth greeted her cousins and aunt warmly, giving each a kiss on the cheek.

Aunt Violet patted Elsbeth’s cheek firmly. “At least one of you girls knows how to marry a man. You may not do it well, but at least you have accomplished the final deed…oh my, twice.”

Lauretta appeared ready to burst into tears.

Olivia caught Elsbeth’s arm and gave it a tug. “Let us retire upstairs and tuck you into your gown before the guests arrive.”

Aunt Violet stamped her cane on the hardwood floor since the carpet had been rolled back to allow for dancing. “I have no desire to watch you girls twitter about. Show me to a comfortable parlor. And warm, mind you. I cannot abide with the drafts in this place.”

Her voice must have carried to the far corners of the house, for Gainsford appeared suddenly in the room. “This way, my lady,” he said very slowly, very loudly. He took Aunt Violet’s arm. “I have a pot of tea heating up.”

“Nice boy,” she said, and gave Gainsford’s arm an indulgent pat as she allowed him to lead her away.

Elsbeth led the way upstairs with her cousins following closely behind. Portia, her new lady’s maid, was waiting in Elsbeth’s chamber to assist her in preparing for the ball. Though Portia styled her long blond tresses into a mass of ringlets with a great deal of skill, Elsbeth missed Molly dearly. Molly had been more than a lady’s maid. She’d been a friend.

Elsbeth decided right then and there that she’d speak to Nigel on Molly’s behalf. She’d held her tongue too long about the things that were important to her. But no more. She’d make certain Nigel understood how important Molly was to her life.

Her newfound confidence didn’t last long, though. As she listened to Olivia’s musings on the coming evening, her heart began to pound.

Tonight they would catch the killer. Tomorrow she would wake up, and perhaps, start a normal day with a husband who cherished her. She needed to tell him how happy he’d made her. Perhaps she would make a grand announcement in front of everyone at the ball. Yes, then no one would doubt that their marriage was real.

“Lauretta, do sit up straight,” Olivia scolded her younger sister, giving her a sharp poke in the back. “You’ve been slumping all day.”

“I have a perfectly good reason to slump, as you well know. Papa has said I am not even permitted to dance with him tonight.”

“Who?” Elsbeth asked absently as she took a final look at herself in the mirror. The sapphire silk gown had hundreds of tiny crystals sewn into the bodice. They sparkled in the room’s lamplight as she turned.

“Lord Ames,” Olivia answered for her sister. “He is a money grabber, Papa says.”

“Indeed?” Elsbeth asked.

“He loves me,” Lauretta wailed.

“He asked Papa for permission to marry Lauretta last evening,” Olivia explained.

“And was summarily dismissed, I suppose?”

“Papa is ever so unfair! He refused to listen. Sir Donald is as poor as Lord Ames and he wasn’t considered a money grabber.”

“Your Sir Donald doesn’t also have a reputation for being a rake,” Olivia said with a laugh. “And he never steered you unescorted to one of the more deserted paths in Hyde Park in full view of half the ton’s tabbies.”

“That’s unfair.” Lauretta jumped to her feet and pressed her fists to her hips. “Just yesterday I saw Sir Donald arguing with a woman of questionable morals. The same woman then threw herself at Lord Ames, who politely refused her advances. What do you think of that, dear sister?”

A sharp knock at the door brought the argument to an abrupt end. At Elsbeth’s nod of approval, Portia opened the door. Gainsford handed the maid a small package. “His lordship requests Lady Edgeware wear this tonight,” he said formally. “’Tis a gift.”

Nigel must have returned for the evening. Elsbeth fought a giddy urge to rush downstairs and greet him. But there was still much to be done, and she wanted to be ready and downstairs when the first guests arrived.

Portia bobbed a curtsy as she handed over the box. “’Tis a gift, m’lady.”

“Ooo,” Olivia crooned while peering over Elsbeth’s shoulder. “I wager he has given you some fantastic jewel.”

Elsbeth held her breath as she untied the golden ribbon. The velvet cloth covering the box fell away.

“Diamonds,” Lauretta said wistfully. “It has to be diamonds. How utterly romantic.”

Elsbeth lifted the lid. The excited breaths of Olivia and Lauretta brushed her neck. Like her cousins, she half expected to see the sparkle of diamonds or glimmer of jewels when she peered into the box.

No such fantastic sight greeted her.

“A plain locket?” Olivia cried. “It looks exactly like that old one you finally stopped wearing.”

“How romantic,” Lauretta said. “He misses your battered old locket, so he gave you another one.”

Elsbeth felt faintly ill. She’d abandoned the locket and this one did look hauntingly similar. Had Nigel found it? Had he discovered what she’d hidden inside it?

Clutching the new locket in her hand, she searched the bottom of her jewelry box for the original one. It was there, precisely where she had directed Gainsford to leave it.

“Well? Open it.” Olivia bounced, waiting.

A lever released the catch and the front of the locket sprang open. Inside, two tiny portraits painted on porcelain stared lovingly at each other. One was an uncanny likeness of her, the other of Nigel.

“Lovely,” Lauretta whispered.

Elsbeth held the portraits up to the light. The brushstrokes were dainty and so carefully made. They weren’t created by Dionysus’s hand. Still, she shivered as she looked at it.

“The guests will be arriving soon,” she said, and dropped the locket’s chain on over her head. “And do not fret so, Lauretta, I will ask Nigel to speak with your father on Lord Ames’s behalf.”

“Oh, thank you!” Lauretta cried and hugged her. “I know Severin will be the perfect husband for me! He wants me to be his partner…in business!”

Partner? Before meeting Nigel, she would have never thought such a thing could be possible. But in the past few days she’d learned quite a bit about how having a man around could be pleasant, welcome. A man and woman could share common goals, and yes, even become partners.

And right now she had a great desire to go greet her husband and thank him for the unusual, but thoughtful, gift.

As soon as she’d finished dressing, she hurried down the stairs in search of him. She found Nigel in the front entranceway, pacing. Or, more to the point, wringing his hands and pacing. The fashionable dove gray suit he wore fit like a stylish glove. That magical warm glow, she’d been holding onto all day bloomed into a deep, stinging blush as she remembered the pleasures he’d brought her long into the previous night.

He must have heard the rustle of skirts, for he stopped mid-step and turned to gaze up the staircase. His onyx eyes grew wide and his mouth dropped slightly open.

How she got the rest of the way down the stairs, she could not say. Perhaps she floated. Regardless, she stood mesmerized in front of her husband, staring deeply into his expressive gaze.

“Is everything ready?” she managed to ask.

“Yes.” He took her hand and kissed it. “You look lovely,” he said. There was a stern edge in his voice. If he indeed thought she looked lovely, his deepening frown certainly didn’t support the notion. “I don’t want you here tonight. I should have sent you away.”

“My absence would raise far too many questions. This is our wedding ball.”

Her cousins and Lord Purbeck were all standing around pretending not to be listening to what would no doubt be considered a most peculiar conversation.

“Damn fool boy,” Elsbeth very clearly heard Lord Purbeck mutter.

Nigel ignored his uncle, if he had heard him at all. “If anything starts to happen,” he said taking Elsbeth’s hands in his, “I want you to get yourself to safety. You understand me?”

“What’s going on, Elly?” Olivia asked.

“Someone is planning to kill Lord Edgeware tonight,” Lauretta said. “Lord Ames told me all about it.”

“And my life is in danger too, blasted bother,” Lord Purbeck added.

“Oh, that.” Olivia nodded.

“Does everyone in London know my business?” Nigel asked looking quite adorably harassed.

“Of course they do.” Aunt Violet thumped her cane on the floor as she emerged from the front parlor. “It is the ton’s profession to know.”

And that was where the discussion ended, since the guests had begun to arrive. Nigel kept a tight hold on Elsbeth’s hand as he politely greeted each and every guest while a six-piece orchestra played softly upstairs in the drawing room.

As much as she wished it, Elsbeth wasn’t able to stay by Nigel’s side for long. It was considered quite unfashionable for a husband and wife to linger in each other’s company at such an event despite their newlywed status. And it seemed that the guests at the party were determined to keep them apart.

“Promise me one waltz,” Nigel said, and quickly kissed her cheek before being led away into a circle of men.

She watched him from a distance. The last time their eyes met from across the ballroom, he graced her with a smile. Such a simple gesture warmed her like a comforting cup of hot tea…or like a Dionysus painting of wildflowers.

Her heart twisted. No matter how she tried to let her love for Dionysus fade, she always seemed to fail. She feared the rogue artist would plague her heart until the day it stopped beating.

Who was he? And why did she still harbor soft feelings for him?

She had a mind to march over to her husband and tell him that she was ready to hear the truth about Dionysus when Charlie caught her arm. A quadrille had begun to play, but instead of leading her to the dance floor, he steered her toward a quiet corner of the balcony. There, she stared at the demon lazily. No, she thought to herself, Charlie couldn’t be Dionysus. He simply couldn’t.

“I don’t know how you managed it, Elly,” he whispered bitterly, “but it seems you have quite completely won my cousin’s affection. No matter how much I try to show him your true character, he still pictures you with a honeyed gaze.”

She jerked her head away when Charlie tried to caress her cheek.

“Still cold, Elly?” Charlie chuckled lightly. “Do you even let Nige into your bed?”

“I don’t wish to cause a scene, so I will pretend instead I didn’t hear you.” In place of the fear she would have expected to feel, she experienced an empowering sense of calm as she realized she could trust her husband. No matter what mischief Charlie tried to cause, she knew Nigel was watching out for her and would protect her. He would trust her word above Charlie’s. “Please excuse me,” she said frostily, and turned to return to the ballroom.

“Wait, please. We do both care about Nige. If you don’t wish to see him harmed, you will listen to me. I beg you.”

The note of desperation in his voice stopped her where she stood. A shallow bob of her head was her only indication that she was willing to hear what he had to say.

“George Waver has Nige in his pocket. I know you don’t believe me, but I have proof that he is trying to kill Nige. If you care for my cousin, even just a little, you will use the power you have over Nige to convince him to stay away from George.”

“Mr. Waver has explained himself, his actions. He would have been killed that day on the beach along with Nigel. He is not a murderer…you are.”

“George is playing a very deep game, Elly. He is trying to make me look guilty, but I assure you I am not.”

“I won’t listen to another word. Good evening, Mr. Purbeck.”

Elsbeth returned to the crowded ballroom where she was drawn into a circle of gossipy women. Yet, even though she had extracted herself from Charlie, his warning repeated itself in her head and she had trouble paying attention to the ladies around her.

Charlie had sounded truly worried.

And if Dionysus wasn’t Charlie…and he wasn’t George Waver, who in the devil was he? She needed to find out before the night was over. Nigel’s life could very well depend on her uncovering Dionysus’s identity. She couldn’t wait a moment longer.

She glanced over and saw that Nigel was surrounded by an even tighter group of men than before. Even though she longed to hear the truth from his ears, she suspected that there was another in the house who would be just as able to help her.

Elsbeth excused herself from the bevy of women who were engaged in a heated discussion on whether ladies should indulge in reading novels. “Rots the brain,” a lady declared as Elsbeth went in search for the man from whom she was determined to wrench the truth. She spotted him lurking beside a potted palm just outside the drawing room.

“My lady?” Gainsford inquired as she approached. She directed him into a private alcove near the top of the stairs.

“Gainsford,” she said, jamming a finger against his chest. “You are the most inquisitive butler I have ever known. So tell me the truth. Who is Dionysus?”

“I-I cannot tell—”

“Gainsford! We are talking about the Marquess’s life! I must know the answer now. Who is Dionysus?”

The poor man dabbed at his brow with a handkerchief. “We are running low on wine. Perhaps you could select a few bottles to serve with dinner?”

“You are changing the subject, Gainsford. Besides, shouldn’t you handle—?”

“Oh no, my lady, his lordship never entertains. I wouldn’t know where to begin.” Gainsford pulled a large key from his pocket and pressed it into her hand before she could object. “At the back of the house. The door just past the kitchens leads down to the cellar, my lady.” He gave her a pressing look. “I daresay you will find everything you are looking for in the cellar.”

“The cellar?”

Gainsford shook his head vigorously. “Yes, my lady. The cellar.”

“Very well,” she said. Her fingers were quaking by the time she hurried through the doors to the busy kitchens. She didn’t spare the startled servants a passing glance as she marched toward her destination. The hallway past the kitchens was eerily silent.

She pulled a candle down from a sconce on the unadorned brick wall and held it above the rusty keyhole. The key turned easily in the lock, but the door held firm in the jam. She kicked it several times with her slippered foot before it opened.

Her answer was only steps away. She swung the door wide and rushed into the dark depths, stopping on the last step as she raised the candle higher.

A neat row of paintbrushes sat on a large wooden table just to the right of her. An easel with a medium sized canvas stood barely three feet away.

And suddenly she knew.

She stepped gingerly around the easel and gazed upon the unfinished painting. The broad brushwork was even more hectic and filled with more wild energy than any of his other works. That wildness that had once thrilled her now frightened her to her very soul. She was the subject of this latest work.

How could she not have known?

Everything Nigel did, his very scent made her think she’d just stepped into one of Dionysus’s paintings. Of course the two men were one and the same.

The figure in the painting, which looked startlingly like her, was collapsed beside a pond. A painting, ripped into shreds, floated in the water just out of reach of her fingertips. The leafy vegetation in the forefront drooped, wilting, dying from the burden of her pain.

He should have told her. He should have insisted she listen to the truth. He should have insisted she understood exactly what he’d done to her. Like the woman in the painting, she felt like weeping. He should have told her.

Nigel was Dionysus. He was the one who’d trapped her in that horrid marriage with Lord Mercer. He was the one who’d painted that scandalously nude painting of her. And he was the one who had left her with an aching heart for all these years, a heart that suddenly felt like breaking.

Why? Why? Why did he do those things to her?

And why did he tell her that he loved her?

She reached up to the locket hanging like a burden around her neck and snapped the chain.

“Damn him,” she cursed, feeling her bones ache from the years of repressed anger. “Damn him to hell and back! Why would he do this to me?”





Chapter Thirty

Nigel glanced around the room. He’d last seen Elsbeth talking with Charlie, but now she had slipped away. As hostess she had many demands on her time, he knew that. But still, he felt uneasy.

“George would have been killed by that boulder. He’s not trying to kill me, Charlie.” Nigel said, but he couldn’t keep his mind on the conversation. Where the devil was Elsbeth?

Every damned man at the party had come up with a list of names for Nigel to consider. Some, such as suggesting Beau Brummell was jealous of Nigel’s connections with the Regent, were laughable.

“How about Dionysus? Artists tend to have a nasty streak,” Charlie said.

Uncle Charles harrumphed. Severin chuckled.

“How can you think this is funny, Severin? Someone tried to kill Nige and my father.”

Nigel merely shrugged and kept his gaze focused on the crush in his drawing room. There was barely enough room to dance, though the guests made do. Many were dancing with quite a lively gait, in fact.

“I heard Lord Baneshire has rejected your bid for Lady Lauretta’s hand, Severin,” Nigel said absently. “It appears your rakish ways are catching up to you.”

“Damned nuisance, this lack of money. It has turned me into a man I despise.” Severin pulled Nigel away from the crowd of men and lowered his voice. “Surely, Lady Edgeware has told you what I witnessed several years ago at Mercer’s estate. I apologize for not doing more. That one time I’d stepped in, she gave me such a blistering set-down I never attempted to assist her again.”

At that, Nigel quirked a brow. “What do you mean?”

“She is a strong lady. You are lucky to have found her.” Severin frowned as he watched Charlie saunter away. Severin then swallowed a healthy dose of his drink, a strong whiskey. “If I were in her place, I wouldn’t be able to abide to be in the same room as Charlie, much less speak civilly with him.”

“Charlie?” Nigel asked. “He’s harmless.”

“Harmless?” Severin snorted and nearly choked. “Charlie encouraged that brute Mercer whenever he started to make sport of Elsbeth. I was there to witness one dreadful evening. Charlie and Mercer were deep in their cups and vicious. Thought I would die from shame, knowing what they were doing to a lady. I had to step in even though I’d probably only made things worse for Elsbeth, the poor thing. Men like that don’t stop. They never stop.”

“Mercer and Charlie raped her?” Nigel asked, quite unable to believe it.

“Charlie didn’t. At least not that night. I made damn sure he wouldn’t be in a position to touch a woman for several days, in fact. As for that bastard Mercer, I don’t know. I didn’t stay long enough to find out. I am sorry, Edgeware. I ended my friendship with them the very next day, but I now wish I had done more. At least with you she has a chance to heal and perhaps find some happiness.”

Nigel was quaking with impotent rage. She should have told him. He would have kept Charlie away from her, protected her from his constant taunts. Thank God Severin had finally confessed what he knew.

“I’ll have a word with Lord Baneshire this evening on your behalf, Severin. You’re still a rakish young man, but I believe you will turn out well in the end.”

“Thank you, Edgeware. You-you don’t know what that means to me.” Severin pumped Nigel’s hand.

“Do you think you’ll be able to handle it? Marriage, I mean?” Nigel asked. “I believe Lady Lauretta will expect a faithful husband.”

“And she’ll have one. My current lifestyle has long lost its luster. I’m looking forward to quiet evenings by the fire. And children. Lots of children.”

Nigel had to admit he’d never seen Severin look so happy. He hoped he’d be able to convince Baneshire to change his mind regarding Severin’s motives for wanting to marry Lady Lauretta. Perhaps if Nigel provided Severin with a healthy sum of money—in appreciation for keeping Dionysus’s secret—Baneshire might see the reformed rake in an entirely different light. Yes, that would be the right thing to do.

As for Charlie, Nigel wasn’t sure what he planned to do. He watched as his cousin laughed boisterously with Sir Donald. With Nigel and Uncle Charles out of the way, Charlie would stand to inherit everything. He would have all the money he would ever need. Perhaps Elsbeth had been right all along. Perhaps—

“Nigel.” A slender hand touched his sleeve. Nigel’s body reacted immediately to her touch. He smiled down on that hand.

“I don’t deserve you, love.” He covered her hand with his.

“No.” Elsbeth’s eyes were hard, her lips drawn to a thin line. “You don’t deserve me, you deceiving bounder.”

Her voice wasn’t much above a whisper. Anyone around them couldn’t possibly suspect how her words wounded him.

“Elsbeth? What is wrong?”

She held out the locket, the chain broken.

“You. You are what is wrong. You’ve lied to me from the start.” Her voice rose. A few heads turned toward them. “Did you think I would be grateful? You’ve played me no differently than an unruly child wrecking a toy. Trapping me into one painful scenario after another. The nude painting that was inspired. Everyone thought such nasty things about me after that. Where else was I to turn but into your waiting arms?”

“Elsbeth,” Nigel scolded, too confused to do anything but chide her. She wasn’t making a whit of sense. A crowd began gathering around them and the scene they were making.

“Edgeware has never wished to harm you.” George pushed his way through the throng to stand at Nigel’s side. “Surely you know that, my lady.”

She glared at George for a moment before returning her killing gaze to Nigel.

“Perhaps the Lord Edgeware you know is honorable, Mr. Waver. But I assure you, Dionysus lacks even a grain of decency.”

“Dionysus?” a murmur rose in the growing crowd.

“Boy!” Lord Purbeck stepped forward. “Put a stop to this.”

But Nigel only held out his hands, helpless to do anything but allow her to unmask him in front of everyone. After all the pain she’d suffered because of him, she deserved to be the one to rip this façade away.

“Lord Edgeware is Dionysus,” Elsbeth announced. “With his paintings he tricked me. He made me fall in love with a monster…twice.”

The room fell silent. Someone had even told the orchestra to stop playing.

“Is this true?” George demanded.

“Yes.” Nigel wouldn’t deny what Elsbeth had said. He deserved the ton’s scorn, not her.

The locket in Elsbeth’s hand clattered to the floor as the crowd pushed her out of their way and closed ranks around him.

“I say, brilliant work,” a gentleman boasted.

“This is all so exciting,” a lady twittered.

“Bah!” Uncle Charles snorted.

* * * *

They were proud of him, laughing and patting him on the back. Oh, what a lark! He’d pulled the wool over everyone’s eyes. He was ever so clever, was he not?

The porcelain lovers staring lovingly at each other within the locket were crushed under the feet of excited guests. The sound of Nigel’s gift being destroyed burned in Elsbeth’s ears as she let herself be pushed away. She didn’t wish to cry in front of the entire population of the ton. She didn’t wish to cry at all, in fact.

Hiding somewhere, curling up into a tight ball, and dying felt like a promising option. Nigel had betrayed her trust. He had lured her into feeling soft emotions, had lured her into opening her heart just so he could rip it to shreds.

She loved Nigel as fiercely as she had loved Dionysus.

Oh la, why had she not learned her lesson the first time?

She stumbled blindly into a side table. A hand curled around her arm and gave her a tug. “Come with me.”

* * * *

“Elsbeth?” How could she disappear so quickly? The rest of the world could go hang themselves. She was the only one who mattered. Nigel pushed his way through the crowd, ignoring the tugs on his sleeve and pats on the back.

On the stair leading to the bedchambers, he finally found a moment’s peace. Surely she’d escaped to her own room. Where else other than her personal chamber could a lady go to hide?

He raised his hand to knock on her door.

“She’s not within,” Gainsford said as he emerged from the darkened chamber.

“Where is she then?”

“I don’t know.”

Well, he simply would have to find her.

“Sir?” Gainsford shifted from one foot to the next, looking damned guilty. “There is something in there you should see.”

“Are you snooping again?” The nasty habit had been a real problem when Gainsford had first taken employment with Nigel.

“Lady Edgeware had asked me to put something away for her. It wasn’t my fault the latch fell open.”

“I don’t have time for games. I must find Elsbeth.”

Gainsford grabbed Nigel’s arm. “You must see this first, my lord.”

Not wanting to waste time arguing, he followed Gainsford into Elsbeth’s bedchamber. It was empty and cold as if she had never really inhabited the room.

Gainsford went straight to her jewelry box and produced the original golden locket. “She stopped wearing this the day the Earl of Baneshire came to take her home, my lord.” Gainsford fiddled with the latch. “She told her uncle she was choosing to stay with you of her own free will.”

When the locket sprang open, Gainsford handed over the necklace. “I believe Lady Edgeware kept the memory of the man she loved close to her heart. But she was willing to set that love aside. She set that love aside for you.”

Nigel ground his jaw as he stared at the small scrap of canvas tucked inside the locket. He recognized it immediately. Of course he recognized it.

Tears pricked the back of his throat. The tiny canvas had been lovingly cut from one of Dionysus’s paintings—one of his paintings. His brush had flowed over this particular canvas only a few days after he had first seen Elsbeth, the lithe schoolgirl. Her image had already seeped deep into his soul.

Unlike many of his other paintings, he had added his image to this one, a tiny figure hardly visible. He stood off to the side, separate from the action in the scene.

Alone, completely alone.

But Elsbeth had seen him. Not only that, she had reached out to him by plucking him from his faraway position in the landscape and had placed him in the honored spot next to her heart.

What had he done?

She had always loved him, just as he had always loved her.

What had he done?

That devil, Hubert had taken that painting along with the others. He’d given them one by one to Elsbeth. He’d convinced Elsbeth that it was his passion that had created the paintings. Lord Mercer had tricked her into believing that it was his heart she loved.

But she had always loved Nigel, just as he had always loved her.

Yet his carelessness had destroyed that love.

He had destroyed the most important love of his life.

“Nige.”

Nigel blinked back the threatening tears to find that he was alone in the room. Gainsworth had left but now Charlie stood in the doorway, a crooked grin on his lips.

“Leave me,” he growled.

“Nige.” Charlie took a step into the darkened room. “Return to the celebration. Elly’s outburst is just her way of rebelling against you. She tried to do the same thing time and again with Mercer. I tried to warn you. I—”

Nigel slammed his fist into Charlie’s square jaw. His cousin dropped like a stone. “That’s just a taste of what I plan to do to you for what you and that bastard Mercer did to Elsbeth,” he said, and rubbed his sore knuckles.

He stepped over his cousin and rushed off to find Elsbeth. He needed to tell her what he should have confessed to her all those years ago.

* * * *

“Edgeware and Dionysus are one and the same?” Mr. Waver asked as if he couldn’t quite believe it. “Incredible.”

Elsbeth didn’t say a word. She was grateful for the company, though. Mr. Waver had pulled her from the drawing room and had led her belowstairs and back to the locked doorway to Dionysus’s workshop. Or had she led Mr. Waver here?

“I should have known.” He shook his head. “I should have guessed it. His creative streak, something that quite obsessed him, disappeared one summer. I’d thought his uncle had finally beaten it out of him. It should have been obvious the desire had gone underground instead.”

She listened to Mr. Waver with only half an ear. Her head still buzzed from the shock. She had loved Nigel…

The key turned easily in the lock. The door opened without hesitation this time.

“So, this is where he goes to create?” Mr. Waver asked, poking his head into the darkened cellar. “Is this how you found out?”

She nodded. She hadn’t cried. She’d probably never cry over this. The hurt ran too deep.

“Show me.” Mr. Waver took her hand and led her down into the cellar. “Show me how his paintings have intruded on your love for him.”

She forced herself to descend the stairs and once again study the unfinished painting set up on the easel. Mr. Waver stood a step behind her, his arms crossed in front of his chest. He held his silence.

“He betrayed me,” she said finally.

Mr. Waver was unmoved.

The wild brushstrokes created an image that promised to be hauntingly beautiful. The woman Nigel had created from exotic dyes and crushed precious stones had a broken heart. The plants in the forefront wept with her pain.

“Why do you think the woman on the canvas despairs?” Mr. Waver asked after what seemed like a lifetime of grief.

“She is unloved,” was her quick answer. She stepped forward, raising the candle higher to study the scene more closely. The destroyed and discarded painting floating in the pond caught her attention. What did the painting within the painting mean? She ran her fingers over the textured brushstrokes.

“She loved,” Elsbeth amended her answer. “The love was not returned.”

“Ah,” he said. “Do you truly believe yourself to be the woman portrayed there?”

To that she had no ready answer. But how could she not be that woman? For too many years she’d loved Dionysus without having that love returned. And now, just as she believed she finally found love, this had happened.

“I suppose,” he said, “Edgeware painted this scene because he felt guilty. You loved him and he could not love you back?”

But that couldn’t be right. The painter felt the woman’s grief, actually felt it.

“You proved your love for Edgeware in so many ways. How could he not feel guilty?”

Guilt? Where was the guilt in the wilting ferns, in the dark background, or in the deadly still water in the pond? Mr. Waver must be blind. The painter didn’t feel guilt.

He felt unloved.

From one moment to the next, her heart sank. She’d been the one withholding her love. She’d been the one inflicting pain on a wounded heart. She was the one who had become the monster…

“I need to find him,” she said. “I need to tell him that I love him. I need to tell him that I’ve always loved him…”





Chapter Thirty-One

Elsbeth searched the far corners of the house, and still she couldn’t find Nigel. Though the band continued to play lively tunes, many of the guests had left, dispersed to spread the exciting news of Dionysus’s identity to the other ballrooms and clubs in London.

Her family and Nigel’s were closed up in a parlor located in the back of the house. Lauretta sat on a sofa next to Lord Ames, her hand tucked into his lap. Aunt Violet, sitting on a chair across the room, didn’t seem to mind. In fact, her aunt appeared to be deeply engrossed in a conversation with Lord Purbeck.

No one had seen Nigel.

“Ask Charlie,” Lord Purbeck suggested. “He went to talk with Nigel after that unseemly display in the drawing room.”

“His lordship is not in the house, my lady,” Gainsford confided a few minutes later. “Every member of the household staff has searched for him. No one knows when he left, but he is not within.”

“Have you seen Mr. Charlie Purbeck?” Elsbeth asked hoarsely, her heart stuck in her throat. “Has anyone seen Mr. Purbeck?”

“No, my lady. There was such a commotion, what with you announcing his lordship’s great secret. He could have left at anytime without notice.”

Charlie. She provided the diversion and he took the opportunity to kidnap and—God help her—kill Nigel.

She drew a deep breath. He may still be alive. She refused to stand idly by and let Charlie win this battle without a royal fight on her part. “Fetch my cloak and have a carriage brought around.”

Gainsford paled. “But-but, my lady.”

“And have dinner served. I’ll not have the remaining guests neglected.”

Gainsford opened his mouth to protest again, but he must have seen her determination sparking in her eyes, for he shut his mouth and hurried away. A footman quickly arrived and handed Elsbeth her cloak.

“Where are you going?” Mr. Waver asked. He blocked her path to the front door.

“Stand aside, Mr. Waver. Charlie has Nigel. And I intend to save him.”

Mr. Waver refused to move.

“Bah!” Lord Purbeck growled behind her. “Charlie may be a stupid boy, but he would never hurt his cousin.”

“Stand aside, Mr. Waver,” Elsbeth said again, pitching her voice low.

“But we all just want to help, Elsbeth,” Lauretta said.

Elsbeth spun around and found Lord Ames helping Lauretta with her pelisse. Olivia, curiously without a male escort, already wore her pelisse and was fussing with her gloves. Aunt Violet, also ready to go out, had her arm securely wrapped around Lord Purbeck’s.

“I have distracted Papa, Elly, though I think he would join us if he knew,” Olivia said with an uncharacteristically determined grimace.

“Very well.” Mr. Waver still hadn’t moved out of the way.

“Where are you going?” he asked again. “We cannot rush into the night without a plan.”

When she started to protest, Mr. Waver raised his hand and lowered a quelling glance in the direction of Lord Purbeck. “Charlie, if he is indeed the man we need to be wary of, will not hie Edgeware to his bachelor rooms on St. James’s.”

“I’m not a fool.” She hesitated, not wishing to blurt out her plans in front of her innocent cousins and her husband’s friends. But there was no hope for it. “Mademoiselle Dukard.” A blush stung her cheeks. “I planned to speak with her to find out—”

“Ducky?” Lord Ames said.

“That horrid woman in Hyde Park, you mean?” Lauretta said. “I should think Sir Donald would know what that woman is up to.”

“I don’t have time for this. The carriage is waiting. I must go. Stand aside, Mr. Waver.” She pushed Mr. Waver to the side and threw open the door before the footman could do it for her. With her skirts gathered up in her hand, she charged down the steps and jumped into Nigel’s carriage while the hellish black steeds snorted at the lead.

Mr. Waver, Olivia, Lauretta, and Lord Ames followed, squeezing into the carriage, though it was not designed to carry more than four people. Lady Violet and Lord Purbeck both were intent on joining them, but there simply wasn’t room. Lord Purbeck shouted for his carriage to be brought around and demanded that they wait for him. Yet there wasn’t time to wait. Much to Elsbeth’s relief Mr. Waver rapped on the roof. “Mademoiselle Dukard’s cottage is a good place to start,” he said as the carriage swayed into motion.

Elsbeth sat back, her heart beating a dizzying tattoo, and closed her eyes. Please, let me find him alive, she prayed. Please, don’t let him die.

The carriage lurched as it came to a sudden halt.

“Stay with the women,” Mr. Waver said to Lord Ames. He already had the door open and one foot out. “I will go in alone.”

No one argued. Certainly not Elsbeth, who was feeling fairly certain that she was missing something very important.

Lauretta and Olivia were whispering. Vaguely, she thought they might be speaking to her, but she pushed the notion away.

She sighed. What was it that she was missing?

“I always thought Sir Donald was a milksop,” Olivia said, speaking much louder now. “I do approve of your new choice of beau.”

“Why thank you, Lady Olivia,” Lord Ames replied.

“And to learn that Sir Donald is as buried in debt as you are truly puts you on an even keel, does it not? I heard his debts came from a single gambling bet. Lady Constance told me just this evening that two rather frightening gentlemen had threatened his life while they were taking ices together just this afternoon. Most ungentlemanly to expose a lady to such individuals,” Olivia said. Elsbeth fought an urge to cover her ears with her hands. She needed to concentrate.

“Perhaps that was what he and Ducky were arguing about in the park?” Lauretta said. “Perhaps he was trying to get her to help him do something utterly wicked in order to keep the moneylenders from extracting payment in a more violent way.”

“What?” Elsbeth said, blinking as she opened her eyes. “What did you just say, Lauretta?”

“I was just wondering if Sir Donald wasn’t trying to get Ducky to—”

“Lord Ames!” Elsbeth leaned forward and grabbed his arm. “Go fetch Mr. Waver, now! I believe I know where Nigel has been taken, and I fear we don’t have much time.”

* * * *

The horses pulled the carriage through the London streets at a harrowing pace as they raced toward the docks. A thick fog rolled in off the Thames and seeped through the windows of the carriage creating a damp chill Elsbeth could not seem to shake.

“This cannot be right,” Mr. Waver said, though he had obeyed without argument when Elsbeth had ordered him to give the driver the direction to his own warehouse. “You don’t still believe I am somehow involved, do you?”

“No, I don’t. But just like the night of the storm, he wants you to take the blame, Mr. Waver. Charlie can’t be blamed for his cousin’s death. He wouldn’t be able to inherit the estate if he were connected to either Lord Purbeck’s or the Marquess’s deaths.” The conviction in Elsbeth’s voice amazed even her. No one could wrest control from her. Not now, not when so much depended on her success. “Don’t you see? Charlie had been so insistent on proving your guilt, because you had been set up to look guilty.”

As soon as the carriage rolled to a stop, Elsbeth jumped down before the steps had been lowered. “I do hope you have a pistol hidden within the folds of that cloak, Mr. Waver.”

“I do,” Lord Ames offered as he produced a large weapon.

“Gracious,” Lauretta breathed, growing pale as her gaze fixed on the gun.

“Steady,” Lord Ames said, and supported her with his free hand.

“I, too, have a gun,” Olivia said. She held out an equally menacing weapon.

“Oh no,” Mr. Waver backed up. “I will not go in there with a woman waving a deadly weapon around.”

“Give that to me,” Elsbeth said, and snatched the gun away from Olivia. “You don’t know how to use this.”

“And you do?” Olivia protested.

“Yes.” Elsbeth didn’t explain how she and Molly had taught themselves the deadly art of gunmanship after a particularly brutal summer. She checked to make sure the pistol was indeed loaded before charging ahead. The creaking of ships rocking at the docks carried through the eerie fog. Whole ships and buildings had disappeared into the mists.

“This way,” Mr. Waver whispered. He took her arm and led her in the opposite direction toward a small door on the side of the long warehouse building that had appeared out of nowhere in front of them. Mr. Waver must have taken possession of Lord Ames’s gun. He dropped the pistol into a pocket and pulled out a key. Despite the dim light he had no trouble unlocking the door.

Elsbeth pushed the door open and stepped inside before Mr. Waver could dare protest.

“Drop your weapon.” Sir Donald’s distinctive voice echoed up through the rafters of the empty warehouse. His voice so startled Elsbeth that she nearly let the pistol clatter to the wooden floor.

“I said, drop the gun, Mr. Waver.” Sir Donald had barely glanced in Elsbeth’s direction. She pushed her hand into a fold of her cloak, concealing the pistol Sir Donald had obviously overlooked.

Sir Donald was standing on top of a wooden crate with Nigel motionless at his feet and Charlie bound up like Christmas goose on the floor beside them. A burly cutthroat stepped into view. A long knife balanced in one hand.

“Drop the gun!” Sir Donald bent down and dragged Nigel up from the floor. Nigel’s eyes were barely open. His head flopped against Sir Donald’s chest. Sir Donald pressed a jagged knife to Nigel’s throat. A thin ribbon of blood, Nigel’s blood, coated the length of the blade.

Mr. Waver gave Elsbeth a sidelong glance before letting his gun drop to the ground.

“Found these three wanderin’ about outside,” a second accomplice said. This one had a wicked scar bisecting the right side of his face. He shoved Lord Ames, Lauretta, and Olivia into the warehouse with one heavy thrust.

Lauretta and Olivia stumbled to their knees.

“We’ll have to kill them all,” Sir Donald said with a chilling calm. He dropped Nigel and leapt down from the crate. “Bloody, bloody nuisance. This isn’t working out at all how I’d planned.” He spun on his heel and glared down at Charlie. “I’ll still be taking the Edgeware family money, mind you. I’m owed that money. I would have never placed that damned bet if you hadn’t twisted my arm, telling me I couldn’t possibly lose. Which means I won’t be able to kill you. Damned bloody nuisance.”

Charlie yelped when Sir Donald kicked him in his side.

“Tie the women up,” Sir Donald said to his henchmen. “We will dispatch them last.”

Elsbeth backed away before a rope could be lopped over her wrists. She couldn’t let herself be bound. Not with so many lives at stake.

“You think you’re so clever, don’t you Sir Donald?” she said as she closed the distance between her and Sir Donald.

“Yes. I rather do.”

Lauretta cried out as the scarred man dragged her to her feet.

“Unhand her,” Elsbeth ordered. She whipped the pistol out from her cloak and pressed it against Sir Donald’s chest. “Tell him to let my cousins go. Now, or I shall shoot you.”

“Put that toy away,” Sir Donald said.

Elsbeth cocked the pistol. “I don’t believe I will miss. Not standing this close to you. What do you think?”

“Elsbeth, no,” Nigel cried out weakly just as Sir Donald tried to snatch her gun away.

“You are naught but a woman. That’s what I think,” Sir Donald said with a laugh. He grabbed the pistol’s metal shaft.

She pulled the trigger and fired. His eyes grew wide with disbelief as blood bloomed on his arm.

“You bloody whore! I should have killed you myself instead of letting that oaf Guthrie dump you out into the storm.”

He lunged then, his icy fingers curling around her neck, squeezing the life from her. She struggled, ripping at his wrists as the dimly lit warehouse grew even dimmer.

“No!” she heard Nigel shout. A sickly pop followed. Sir Donald’s tight grip around her throat almost immediately loosened.

Sucking in air, she watched Sir Donald crumple to the ground at her feet. Nigel was standing on the crate. Mr. Waver was next to him. The pistol in Nigel’s hand still smoked.

Sir Donald was dead.

Elsbeth’s heartbeat thundered in her chest. She barely noticed the two burly villains trying to escape into the night.

“Elsbeth?” She didn’t know how he’d gotten there, but Nigel was suddenly standing directly in front of her. He had a tight hold on her shoulders. “Elsbeth?” he said again and gave her a gentle shake. “Elsbeth, dove, speak to me.”

She blinked heavily.

“She’s in shock,” someone said.

Slowly, ever so slowly, the world all around her returned. “You’re Dionysus,” she muttered.

Nigel’s gaze darkened. “Yes, I am.”

Still too numb to react properly, she merely shook her head. Lauretta was screaming somewhere behind her. Her poor innocent cousins, they should have never witnessed such a wretched scene. Why had they been allowed to come along?

She fought free of Nigel’s grasp and half-walked half-stumbled to where Lord Ames hugged Lauretta to his chest. Her cousin’s screams had thankfully softened to soft whimpers.

It appeared that everyone in the dark warehouse was just standing around not doing much of anything. Which seemed odd. And Nigel, dear living, breathing Nigel, looked frozen in place.

Olivia touched her hand to Elsbeth’s cheek. “How are you?” she whispered.

“I am quite fine, thank you,” Elsbeth said tartly, and fainted dead away.





Chapter Thirty-Two

The candle sputtered and started to dim. If there had been windows in his dank cellar, Dionysus would have seen that morning was breaking, that the dense fog was dissipating.

He hadn’t slept. There was no possible way he could have slept, not after the way Elsbeth had looked at him, not after seeing the confusion and hurt bubbling in her sapphire gaze. How could he seek out his bed, knowing that she wouldn’t be in it? He’d lost her.

It was time to do the honorable thing.

It was time to let her go.

Sir Donald was dead, and there was no longer a threat.

He ground fresh vermilion and worked the dust into a paste, taking his time to get the consistency just right. He dipped the soft bristles of his brush into the scarlet paste. And then paused to study the unfinished painting. His brush poised, he prepared his heart to finish the task he had started.

* * * *

Gainsford entered the breakfast parlor and cleared his throat. “My lady?”

Elsbeth put down her fork—she’d only been pushing the food around her plate anyhow. She gave a shallow nod. Nigel’s butler looked grim, even grimmer than the night before when Nigel’s life had been in peril.

“His lordship requests your presence in the study, my lady,” he said.

She’d not seen Nigel since the warehouse. Lord Purbeck and Aunt Violet had arrived in Lord Purbeck’s carriage shortly after the excitement had ended. Nigel had spoken quietly with his uncle before sending Elsbeth, her cousins, and Aunt Violet away with Lord Ames.

All night she’d waited for his return. The first rays of morning were breaking through the heavy clouds when she finally drifted off to sleep. If he had returned to the house, he never found his way to his bed. For that was where she had spent the night, in his bed.

Gainsford cleared his throat again. “I am sorry about what happened last evening.”

“At least it is over now.” She stood gingerly. The rough activities the night before had tugged at the stitches in her side. This morning she was stiff and uncomfortable.

And incredibly sad. Why hadn’t Nigel come to her? She’d lingered in their suite of rooms, waiting until nearly morning’s end. Still, he’d not come.

She went to the study and found Nigel sitting at his large oak desk. His cravat hung loose around his neck. A dark bloodstain stood out on the starched white material. He wasn’t wearing a coat or waistcoat. His sleeves were rolled to his elbows, his shirt and hands flecked with paint.

He didn’t look up when she entered the room but continued to study a document sitting on the desk. He looked rumpled and tired and harassed and wonderfully, wonderfully alive.

Her heart flipped in her chest.

With a wave of his hand he dismissed his man-of-affairs who, without meeting Elsbeth’s gaze, scurried from the room.

Once they were alone, Nigel raised his head and sighed. Those dark eyes of his no longer looked as if they reflected the depths of hell. They shined with something deeper, darker. He gathered up the papers before him and circled around the desk to stand in front of her.

“I trust you’re well this morning,” he said.

“Yes. And yourself?”

“Never better.” A lie. His tortured eyes spoke the truth for him.

He held out the sheave of papers. “This is a deed for one of my smaller estates. I put the property in your name. The land will provide you with a comfortable income. In addition, I will send you a quarterly allowance. It is all spelled out in the second document.”

“All…spelled…out…?” Her heart sank to her toes.

“My life is no longer in danger. I thank you for staying by my side, for saving my life.” He stepped back, putting a distance between them that she feared she would never be able to breach. “I have seen Charlie shipped off to an estate my uncle owns in the Caribbean where he will work off the debts he has collected. I will make sure he will never bother you again.”

“Thank you,” she said. The world felt as if it was tipping on its end. She grabbed the edge of the desk to steady herself. Something must have happened after she’d left him last night. But what? He’d promised he loved her. But if that was true, why was he pushing her away?

“You stayed with me. Without you, none of this would have been sorted out.” He took another step away from her. “I would have been killed last night if not for your quick thinking. For that, I’ll be forever in your debt. However, as much as you may wish it, we cannot annul the marriage. You must understand that. In society’s eyes we are already joined. In truth, we are joined, you and I. I will do everything in my power to make certain the bishop recognizes the union. You need not worry about your reputation.”

“I don’t understand.” She crumpled the documents she was holding.

“It’s simply, really. I’m releasing you from any obligations you might believe you have toward me. We will remain husband and wife in name only. I am giving you the freedom you crave. The freedom you deserve.”

He turned away from her to stare into the fireplace. “Please. Go.”

But she couldn’t. She stood there, her gaze fixed on his broad shoulders, stunned. The documents slipped from her fingers and scattered on the ornate rug. She would be free, forever free. That had been what she’d wanted. So, why did she feel as if he’d just run a knife through her heart?

She stepped toward him.

The muscles in his neck stiffened. “Go.” His voice was sharp, angry. “Go. Now.”

But she couldn’t leave. Not like this. Her gaze strayed to Dionysus’s small, violent painting above the mantle. The colors were dark, yet there was a fragment of a rainbow—a sliver of light—struggling in the midst of a terrible storm that was whipping the sea into a brutal rage.

The painting troubled her.

And suddenly she knew why.

“Before I leave,” she said, “answer me one question. Why did you create Dionysus? Why did you feel the need?”

After a long, tense silence, she gave up and moved toward the door.

“I couldn’t,” he said, just as her hand touched the knob. His face was still toward the fire. “You see it. Don’t deny it. I’ve seen you shiver whenever you look at my work. You recognize it. I couldn’t risk letting people know.”

“What did you think you needed to hide?” she asked gently.

“The emptiness.” He raised a fisted hand to his chest. “I’m flawed, unworthy of my lands, my fortune, my title. My paintings are as flighty and empty as the painter who created them. How could I risk letting my colleagues or my family discover such a defect?”

Her gaze again strayed to the violent storm in the painting. She recognized pain, anger, frustration in the brush strokes, but not emptiness.

And the rainbow.

She’d been wrong about it. How could she have loved Nigel and still have mistaken the painting’s meaning? The storm wasn’t destroying the rainbow. No, without the furious spiraling maelstrom, there could be no beauty. The storm raging within Nigel had created the delicate miracle.

Beneath the pain, beneath the self-loathing his uncle had forced upon him, there was hope. She prayed she could reach it. Oh, how desperately she needed to reach it.

She returned to his side and carefully placed her hand on his shoulder. “How can you believe yourself empty when your love has filled me so completely?”

He jerked away from her, moving so close to the fire that he appeared to be in danger of being consumed by the licking flames. “No, I have done nothing.”

“Nothing? You have reminded me how to love. Even when I fought you, spurned you, you didn’t turn your back on me. You stood your ground and waited for me to come to you.” She drew a deep breath, fighting back the tears that were threatening. “Your love has freed me from the hell I’d been cast into.”

The fire crackled as the coals shifted behind the grate.

“I created that hell,” he said.

“No.” She realized that their relationship was in her hands. If she wanted it to continue, she was going to have to speak the words she’d once thought she’d never speak again. Her lips trembled. “You freed me, Nigel. Your coming into my life has made me whole.” She drew a deep breath and trusted him with her heart. “I love you.”

A tense silence weighed down the air in the room.

“What did you say?” he said at long last. He turned toward her.

She grabbed his hands. “I said that I love you, Nigel.” The words came much easier now. “I love you. And there is nothing you can do to get rid of me. I can be quite stubborn, I’ll have you know. Once my mind is set there really is very little that can be done to change it.” She smiled despite her tear-dampened cheeks. “You, my dear husband, are good and stuck with me.”

He wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly against his chest as he crowned her head with a halo of gentle kisses.

“Thank you,” he whispered.

* * * *

Nigel slept late the next day. When he finally woke he felt more refreshed, more relaxed than he could ever remember feeling. Though he was alone in the chamber at this late hour, Elsbeth had once again spent the entire night in his bed, a pleasure he fully intended to repeat for as long as he lived.

After dressing and eating a quick breakfast, he grew restless. He sat alone at the breakfast table while his fingers fidgeted and the bitter scent of paints called to him.

An overwhelming urge to paint struck him hard in the chest. This wasn’t right. Years and years of training had honed his ability to push all his artistic longings into that pitiful creature Dionysus. Yet over the last few weeks, his barriers had slowly eroded away until he no longer could clearly tell where his personality ended and Dionysus’s began.

He buried his face in his hands and groaned. Elsbeth was married to a madman. She deserved better, but no matter how hard he tried, he feared he would never be able to completely destroy the demon infecting his soul.

“You are a damned dreamer, boy. A weakling.” How many times had he heard his uncle say those exact words to him? How many times had his uncle failed to beat the demon from him?

With a silent curse, he returned to the dank cellar, back to his personal hell.

But when he got there he saw that the door to his workshop stood open.

He ran halfway down the steps to find that the room had been stripped bare. Only a rough wooden table and a scattering of discarded canvases remained.

“Gainsford!” Nigel bellowed.

* * * *

Elsbeth wasn’t sure what to expect. She had left Nigel’s bed before sunrise and had set the servants immediately to work. This was something she needed to do. Her love for Nigel and Dionysus could not remain fractured.

Nigel deserved more. And so did she.

She waited for him in a bright parlor in the back of the house. The sun streamed into its windows for a goodly portion of the day. The view of the flower garden was sure to inspire.

She bit her lip and prayed she’d done the right thing. Nigel, she was discovering, had feelings as tender and fragile as her own. What she’d done, she’d done out of love.

She prayed he’d view it in the same way.

The commotion downstairs grew louder. Poor Nigel, he sounded so very upset. “Gainsford!” he cried out again. Gainsford—who’d warned her that she was making a grave mistake—must have gone into hiding.

“This isn’t a mistake,” she told herself firmly. She settled in a white brocade chair and waited. Not a minute later Nigel came rushing through the door. His face pale, he eyes wild with emotion.

“What is the meaning of this?” he demanded.

“I have done what you should have done years ago, Nigel. I—”

“What I should have done?” He pulled his hand through his already mussed hair. “Bloody hell,” he muttered.

With the grace of a queen, she rose and selected a paintbrush from a set neatly spread out on a table. She crossed the room and closed his fingers around its long, wooden handle.

Nigel stared at the brush.

“I have brought you into the light.” All the furniture, save for the one chair, had been removed to make room for his paints and supplies. She’d done everything she could to transform the room into a pleasant studio.

“There is no reason to hide anymore. I love you. And that love has always included Dionysus.” She caressed his cheek.

He didn’t speak, didn’t breathe. His hand tightened around the ferrule of the brush. He couldn’t seem to tear his gaze from it.

“Nigel?” She began to worry now.

He blinked.

“Please, don’t be angry. We can have it all moved back.” Perhaps Gainsford had been right. Perhaps he wasn’t ready.

Nigel wandered to the window and stared down at the flowers in the garden below. “Don’t you dare change a blessed thing, Elsbeth.”

A smile grew on his lips. “This is all rather a shock, you know.” He shook away his stricken look and drew a deep breath. “You were right, of course…to move my workshop up here, I mean. I couldn’t expect you to pose for me for hours on end in that cellar.” That hungry look flashed in his eyes. “It does get rather cold down there, love,” He grinned wolfishly and swept her into his arms.

“I love you, Elsbeth.”





Epilogue

Leaves rustled high in the trees as a gentle wind provided little relief to the warm summer air. Nigel and Elsbeth had decided to walk back to the Baneshire Estate from the quaint country church whose weathered stone walls had witnessed centuries of happy marriages between the Baneshire family and the other respected members of the ton. Today was no exception. The church had been filled with friends and family spilling out onto the grassy lawn in front.

“Everything was perfect, absolutely perfect,” Elsbeth said with a sigh. A smile brightened her eyes as she slipped her hand into Nigel’s.

Holding hands with Elsbeth felt natural now. It had been three months since their hasty marriage at his home in Dorset, and he was uncommonly happy. And he had Elsbeth to thank for that. Her gentle encouragement of his creative soul had healed him.

He felt secure in her love and was beginning to trust that she felt secure in his as well.

They passed over a small wooden bridge. Water gurgled in the creek below them. The Baneshire house, a modest brick manor, loomed just over the rise. Soon, they would have to join the hordes of guests. Soon, duties to family would keep them apart.

“I would like to paint a portrait of you,” he said. “Here…now.”

She tipped her head back to smile up at him from beneath the straw bonnet shading her face. “Would I be wearing anything in this portrait?” Her sapphire eyes darkened. He was beginning to learn that look. Desire.

He leaned forward and traced the outline of her lips with the pad of his finger. “Just that smile, I believe.”

She took his finger into her mouth and bit the tip gently, making his pants suddenly feel tight and uncomfortable. He searched the landscape for a secluded spot where they could escape for an hour or so. If they were careful, they could both return to the manor house unrumpled.

“There is a small hunting box not too far away,” she said. Over the past couple of months she’d blossomed into a wonderfully wicked and sensual woman. She tugged on his hand. “We won’t be missed.”

He gladly followed her lead.

“There you are,” Olivia called out from the path in front of them. “I suspected you would try and disappear. Lauretta and Severin would be vastly disappointed if you were absent for the first toast. Especially considering that you, Edgeware, just stood up with Severin while he married my sister.”

While he scowled at Olivia, Elsbeth, his gentle wife, laughed at his discomfort. “Later,” she whispered as they dutifully followed Olivia to the house.

“Have you told him?” Olivia asked.

“No, now shush,” Elsbeth answered far too quickly and then hurried on ahead.

“Told me what?” He stopped in the middle of the path.

“You should tell him. Mama says he has a right to know.” Olivia and Elsbeth continued walking on ahead as if he didn’t exist.

Elsbeth linked her arm with Olivia’s. “I am not ready. I’m terrified, if truth be known. Molly only told me yesterday. She said I should have known myself.”

The day after Sir Donald had been killed, he’d sent for Molly who had still been confined to the servant’s quarters in Dorset. He’d spoken with the feisty maid at length in the privacy of his study. Molly, a bit wary at first, had agreed to try not to shoot at him again. She’d seemed sincere enough at the time. But perhaps he’d been wrong to let her return to her former position.

What trickery was the woman up to now? Elsbeth was terrified to tell him something? He ran ahead and caught her arm. “You can tell me anything. I won’t be angry with you. You must know that by now.”

Olivia laughed. “I doubt she’s terrified of your reaction, Edgeware.”

Elsbeth fluttered her hands in the air.

“Oh, stop being such a ninny and tell him.”

His mind filled with horrible possibilities. They had only just found each other. He couldn’t lose her now. “Please, Elsbeth.”

“Very well.” She took her time removing her bonnet. “Molly believes I am—I am—” She turned a plaintive look toward Olivia. “It just seems impossible.”

“You are, what?” He pressed.

She’s dying. He should have known their happiness couldn’t last.

“Molly believes I am with child,” she said with a rush.

“With child?” The world began to spin.

“I haven’t had my courses for at least two months. I am usually very regular, you see. And I have been ill. Just in the mornings, mind you. It is impossible, though. I’m barren.” Her nervous fingers twisted the ribbon on her bonnet, crumpling it beyond repair.

“With child?” He felt as if he were being smothered.

“It’s not impossible, Elly. Mama already explained all that.”

“With child?” A great buzzing filled his ears.

“Why does he keep asking that?” Elsbeth asked.

“He’s in shock.” Olivia gave Elsbeth a shove in his direction. “I think he’s going to faint.”

Elsbeth wrapped her arms around his waist and hugged him tightly. “Please don’t, Nigel. I need you to be strong. I, for one, am simply terrified.”

“You can count on me, Elsbeth,” He closed his eyes and breathed in her sweet fragrance. A beautiful toddler with the face of an angel danced merrily through his thoughts. “A baby…your baby.”

He wrapped his arms around her, amazed at how astonishing the world could be.

# # # #





Thank you for reading

THE SWEET AND SPICY REGENCY COLLECTION

Sign up for my e-newsletter to find out about new releases.

If you enjoyed this book, I would appreciate it if you’d help other readers enjoy it too. After all, most books are sold by word of mouth. What can you do?

Recommend it. Please help other readers find this book by recommending it to friends, readers’ groups, and discussion boards.

Review it. Please tell other readers why you liked this book by reviewing it on Amazon, Goodreads, or your blog.

Thank you!





Also available on Kindle

Lady Sophie’s Midnight Seduction

(Sensual short Regency Romance)

In this SHORT STORY, Lady Sophie, a self-avowed spinster, has been happy with her independence for many years...that is until Lord Benton-Black enters her world. Now she finds her nights haunted by this man who is determined to seduce her and make her his wife.

* * * * *

A Wizard For Christmas

(Contemporary Short Paranormal Romance)

Holly desperately wants a perfect Christmas, and she's perfectly willing to make herself miserable getting one. Unfortunately, there are forces at play that threaten more than her holidays...her life is in danger. And the only one who seems to know what's going on is a darkly handsome, but mysterious, stranger who makes her want to add "romance" to this year's Christmas wish list.

* * * * *

Neptune’s Lair

(Contemporary Paranormal Romance)

It's worse than a bad hair day! Dallas's new lover is taking control in the bedroom, and an unworldly force is threatening her soul.

* * * * *

Mystical Seduction

(Contemporary Paranormal Romance)

Faith was looking for a one-night stand. What she got was an otherworldly hunk who’s determined to make her his sex slave and a monster determined to kill her.

* * * * *

The Huntress

(Contemporary Romantic Suspense)

Spunky bounty hunter Vega Brookes meets her match when she hunts down a dangerous ex-special forces officer accused of murder.

* * * * *

Birds in Paradise

(Short light-hearted mystery) Writing as: Dorothy St. James

In this novella-length story, young prostitutes are disappearing from the streets of Honolulu. When street-savvy P.I., Kyra Grainger, is hired to find the latest missing girl, she straps on a pair of high heels, pulls on a skirt no wider than a headband, and delves into the back streets and shadowy world hidden behind the glitz of Hawaii. What she finds is a web of lies and deceptions that threatens to destroy the paradise she's grown to love.





White House Gardener Mystery Series

Catch the White House Gardener Mysteries from Berkley Prime Crime written by Dorothy St. James:

Flowerbed of State

Casey's passion for organic gardening and eye for detail have carried her into the most important patch of land in America--the President's Park, on which sits the most important home in America: the White House. But while she's readying the final touches on an innovative cultivation program for the First Lady to inspect, she's attacked from behind by an unknown assailant who then disappears. When she comes to, she notices some damaged foliage that leads her and the Secret Service to a dead woman in a trash can. With the biggest opportunity of her life ready to bloom, and all the President's men plowing up her perfect plans, Casey has to dig in and root out a killer before she ends up planted herself...

“Credible characters, a fast-paced plot, and a light look at political life in Washington, D.C., will delight cozy fans.”

~ Publishers Weekly

“This spunky new romantic suspense series is an obvious pick for readers who enjoy Julie Hyzy's "White House Chef" series (Buffalo West Wing), but also think of gardening mystery series such as Rosemary Harris's (Slugfest).”

~Library Journal

* * * * *

The Scarlet Pepper

As the official organic gardener for the White House, Casey Calhoun is usually up to her elbows in something or other. But when someone starts tampering with the Presidential vegetable garden, she soon finds herself in way over her head. As if it wasn’t bad enough that red peppers are growing instead of green ones and cabbage is popping up where the First Lady’s favorite lettuce should be—a hard-nosed investigative reporter is found dead after targeting the unpopular Secretary of State. Raking over the clues and rumors, Casey knows that someone is sabotaging both her garden and the First Lady’s reputation. But when she has one close call too many, Casey realizes that the next thing buried in the dirt might just be her…

“This cozy gets my highest recommendation, a perfect escape, and it should be in your in your hot little hands as you prepare your own gardens. Definitely a must "seed" story!!!"

~ Escape with Dollycas Blog

"A potboiler of homicide, blackmail, journalism, power and sex - but one that St. James handles with taste as well as verve - "The Scarlet Pepper" fulfills the promise of last year's series debut, "Flowerbed of State," and then some."

~ Richmond Times-Dispatch

* * * * *

Oak and Dagger

Despite cooler fall temperatures in Washington, D.C., tempers flare at the White House when important historical documents go missing from the curator’s office and the gardeners are blamed. As if that isn’t bad enough, Casey has started receiving death threats, the president’s pooch is digging unsightly holes all over the South Lawn, and the curator has been found dead. All evidence for the murder points to Gordon Sims, the chief gardener. His fingerprints are on the murder weapon, and witnesses saw him arguing with the curator shortly before her death.

With the help of Special Agent Jack Turner, her reluctant sidekick and new flame, Casey works to clear Gordon’s name. Along the way she finds herself in a deadly race against time to discover if there’s a link between the stolen papers, the dog’s holes in the South Lawn, and a rumored two-hundred-year-old treasure—before the killer strikes again...

"A treasure for readers."

~ Richmond Times-Dispatch

"Hang on tight! This story is a wild ride! I loved it!"

~ Escape with Dollycas into a Good Book Blog





Acknowledgements

Writing a book can be a solitary and sometimes lonely endeavor. But like any passion in life, it’s rarely accomplished without outside support. My family has provided never-ending encouragement as I chased my dream of writing fiction, believing in me even when I forgot to believe in myself. My online buddies, especially Tracy Anne Warren and Mallary Mitchell, have let me share in their writing triumphs, which lately have been many. Can I be you when I grow up?

And I can’t say enough about my critique group partners: Nina Bruhns, Kieran Kramer, Vicki Sweatman, and Judy Watts. They are a group of talented writers who are unfailingly honest, cheerfully supportive, and quite simply a great group of friends. The next bottle of wine is on me.

Finally, my loyal readers, your emails and notes have touched my heart and have never failed to make me smile. I hope this book does the same for you. Bless you.





About the Author

For Regency and mystery author, Dorothy McFalls happily-ever-after is more than just a fictional ending, having enjoyed every day of marriage to her sexy sculptor husband. Formerly an environmental urban planner, she now writes full time. For information about Dorothy's upcoming books, visit her website at http://www.dorothymcfalls.com/

Dorothy also writes cozy mysteries as Dorothy St. James, including the White House Gardener Mystery series, which critics have called “spunky” and “fast-paced.” Learn more about her mystery releases at http://www.dorothystjames.com/





Table of Contents

Start Reading

Thank You for Reading

Acknowledgments

About the Author

Also by Dorothy McFalls

Copyright

* * * * *

The Marriage List

1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 | 22 | Epilogue

* * * * *

Lady Iona’s Rebellion

Prologue | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 | Epilogue

* * * * *

Taken by Moonlight

1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | Epilogue

* * * * *

The Nude

Prologue | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 | 28 | 29 | 30 | 31 | 32 | Epilogue





Copyright

The scanning, uploading and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal, and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage the electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, places, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

THE SWEET AND SPICY REGENCY COLLECTION

Copyright (c) 2013 by Dorothy McFalls

THE MARRIAGE LIST

Copyright (c) 2005 by Dorothy McFalls

LADY IONA’S REBELLION

Copyright (c) 2007 by Dorothy McFalls

TAKEN BY MOONLIGHT

Copyright (c) 2010 by Dorothy McFalls

THE NUDE

Copyright (c) 2010 by Dorothy McFalls

Cover Images:

Shutterstock www.shutterstock.com

Razzle Dazzle Stock www.razdazstock.com

Young Woman Drawing 1801, By Marie-Denise Villers (1774-1821) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Villers_Young_Woman_Drawing.jpg

Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, 1802, By Jozef Maria Grassi (1757-1838) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Louise_of_Mecklenburg-Strelitz.PNG

The Yorck Project: 10.000 Meisterwerke der Malerei. DVD-ROM, 2002. ISBN 3936122202. Distributed by DIRECTMEDIA Publishing GmbH. A photo of the painting: Venus of Urbino by Titian 1538. http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tizian_102.jpg

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any form without permission, except as provided by the U.S. Copyright Law.





